<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,11/26/2014,352,191,26,20,21>Once upon a "Thai"-me, my boyfriend and I were looking for something to eat one night and he wanted Thai food. I was really hungry and perhaps just lazy and "Thai"-red to look for a place, I picked the first restaurant that showed up in my search for Thai food. Chiang Mai came up first and to Chiang Mai we went. Parking is plentiful behind the building, but for those who are a bit scared, there are tents up that the homeless live in lined up on the sidewalk. We entered into a pretty empty restaurant and sat down next to the windows, where the seats are traditional Thai triangle cushions.For our appe-"Thai"-zer, we decided to order the Chiang Mai BBQ Cornish Hen (Gai Yaang), because it would be something new. Cornish hen?! Is that good?! Let me tell you, it was so delicious!! The meat was so juicy and had good flavoring, but when you add the sauce they give you on the side, it was to "Thai" for. Yup. I could've eaten this whole dish as my main meal if I hadn't ordered something already. That sauce killed it though. It was just "Thai"-riffic. It was like a mixture of fish sauce, lime, cilantro, and Thai red peppers all mixed together to form a heavenly dipping sauce. I HATE cilantro, but I loved this sauce. P.S. Does ANYONE know the exact recipe to this? I want to my own supply of this, enough to make a "Thai"-ranosaurus Rex full! I don't know why, but I ALWAYS order Pad Thai whenever I go out to eat Thai food. I don't know if it's because it just always sounds so en-"Thai"-cing, or if I'm just so lame I don't want to "Thai" something new. So...I ordered the Pad Thai here, medium spicy. It was good, a although not the best I've had. The dish was a little sweet for my liking and definitely could've used some heat. I also got to try a bit of my boyfriend's chicken pineapple curry which had really good flavoring. The food with the glasses of yummy wine we ordered as well as great service made the en-"Thai"-re meal amazing. I'm definitely coming back to have some more of their food. But for now, my tongue is getting a little "Thai"-d up trying to say these Thai puns.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,11/25/2014,211,158,11,12,13>This is definitely one of those "must eat at," "hole in the wall" kind of places everyone must visit while on Oahu!  This is the kind of place locals bring their off-island visitors to for a good smack-down-eating because the food is JUST. THAT. GOOD!! Really.So why the four stars if it's THAT good?  Well, like everything else in Hawaii - parking in terrible!! It's a huge headache especially at popular places such as this.  Prior to all the current construction in the area, parking wasn't that bad, however add a ba-jillion construction workers, new buildings with no guest parking and a few other hurdles that prevent me from finding a close spot - parking here is huge challenge!  There is  paid parking available directly across the restaurant but it's far cheaper to go the valet way and pay $5.00 (excluding tip) to have them park your car.I haven't been back to this location (Hopaka Street) in a very, very long time but things have not changed since the last visit.  Same great food with HULK sized portions delivered quickly and piping hot!  This is a local dive bar/restaurant and the ambiance reflects that however, do not be fooled.  They do not serve mediocre food here.There's fried rice and then there's SIDE STREET FRIED RICE!  If you don't know the difference, you've never ever had good fried rice!  There aren't adequate superlatives to describe this fried medley of mixed rice, char siu, Portuguese sausages, BACON with diced carrots, peas and green onion.  I have given up trying to replicate this flavor at home in my fried rice.  There must be a "secret" ingredient that turns these ingredients into MAGICAL food.  Whatever it is, get some!   Their pork chops (and the fried rice) deserve a column alone.  An ode to pork chops seems sufficient.  Again,  it seems a lot of magic happens in the kitchen that turns chops into SIDE STREET INN PORK CHOPS (cue in spot light and angelic music)! It's tender, crispy, juicy and bone licking good!!  In fact, so good that I had someone from our party call dibs on the bones!I could go on and on and give you play by play of the food here but that would require a sequel to this review.  Equal footing to the food include Kalbi, steamed Manila clams (seasonal) and any and all of their fish dishes.  The prices are affordable and served in HULK size portions (no kidding - you can feed an army off one dish). The service was excellent (as usual) and food up to all my expectations (and then some).  In all honesty, the only thing lacking from this place is a sleep room because after you've eaten here  you'll get a severe case of kanak attack.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,11/24/2014,450,125,9,12,11>I CAN SEE CLEARLY5/5 Stars I have been coming here for the past 5 years and they have always been so polite & helpful. What I really love about this place is that it is an all-in-one place. You are able to walk-in half blind, get an eye appointment & 10 minutes later have the perfect contacts on. Then you are able to look around the office at a wide selection of glasses that will be ready in a week or so. Compared to other doctor's offices, they are on point with taking you in on time or even earlier. That's a Plus! My last appointment I came in with my mother & she wanted to get reading glasses.  They took her in right after me & we both got our eye exams done.  I love how nice they are.  They even worked out all of our insurance things out before our exams were done & our bill was ready right away. THEY ONLY TAKE CASH OR CARD, NO CHECKS. This office is stocked with contacts so I was able to take home 6 months worth of contacts that day. Whenever I do run out, I just call in my order & can pick it up right away. They recently changed the optometrist here but she is very good & patient. Every visit is always a very enjoyable experience. They have great customer service & are always welcoming.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,11/23/2014,58,80,7,10,8>If not for the Jawaiian music playing, I'd have thought I stepped into a small Mom-and-Pop diner in Japan.  A glance around the place took me right back to a small eatery the name of which I don't remember, located near an Osaka train station I don't remember, that the wife and I stumbled upon some time ago.  Small and unassuming.  But oh the FOOD.  THAT I remember.  Simple dishes you could attempt to copy at home, but with tastes that would be hard to reproduce.So it is with Restaurant Do-ne.  Its offerings are relatively few and simple, but clearly prepared with great skill.We started with deep-fried squid legs from the list of daily specials.  Served with segments of romaine dressed in a thin vinaigrette and lemon slices for more acidity.  Nothing else.  No dipping sauce of this or that.  Just perfectly seasoned and cooked squid legs.For my main attraction, I ordered the seasoned maguro don set (served w/ miso soup, kobachi, and a salad).  Bite-sized pieces of maguro sashimi coated in a tasty shoyu - mirin - ? sauce; neatly arranged on a bed of sushi.When I saw the dab of wasabi on top, I reflexively reached for the bottle of shoyu on the table.  There wasn't any.  Huh?  The waitress must have seen my puzzlement, and brought one over; softly saying something like "if you want more taste."  Hmmm.  I'd better taste the dish as presented out of respect for the cook and his effort before drowning the maguro in shoyu and wasabi I thought.  (That, and my doctor's warning to cut my sodium intake.)  I'm glad I did.  I ended up eating the whole thing AS IS; each bite making me crave the next so good was the original seasoning.Served in an attractive 3-compartment earthenware dish, the divertissements this evening were---a small square of agedashi tofu topped by a slice of blanched nasubi and katsuobushi flakes.  A slice of stewed kabocha garnished with a snippet of green bean, and piece of carrot shaped into a tiny sakura.  A medley of grilled red and yellow bell pepper, green beans, and grape tomato.  The cook's visual and culinary artistry on display.I love the earthenware dishes and bowls of this place.  Even in that, I get the sense that much thought was put in in their selection.  Or did the cook make them?  I wouldn't doubt it given the much talent of which he/she is obviously possessed.A fine evening of skill and artistry I'm looking to experience again.  I'll remember Restaurant Do-ne for sure.  Now, if they only played some Ishikawa Sayuri CD's.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,11/22/2014,380,95,13,16,17>I have GOT to write a review for this place. Thanks to my coworker Pualei H., I have finally discovered the best acai bowl on the island.Let's face it...Acai got a lot of hype years back for being the next BIG thing. It was deemed the "superfood", claiming its weight loss and anti-aging properties. However, the jury is still out on whether this fruit is actually good for you. Well, while you're busy lamenting over whether or not acai is actually good FOR you, let me direct you to the haven where acai is just downright GOOD!!Diamond Head Cove is a cozy, surfer-esque joint up Monsarrat Avenue in the strip mall, home to about a half dozen other businesses. The parking lot is tight, with way too little stalls to support its overflowing success. Be prepared to tuck-and-roll if you're with a friend to place your order while said buddy circles for parking. If not, there are side streets just up the road (Kanaina Avenue) that may have a stall or two. DHCHB is so popular, that it's also a beacon for Japanese visitors who are seeking a tasty retreat from the Diamond Head tourist traps. You'll see both locals and out of town guests pouring in from the beach, a hike, or the throws of Waikiki. The chalkboard menus offer an array of wraps, salads, fresh juices, smoothies, and of course their famous ACAI BOWLS. The bowls come in three sizes: 1. DA COVE BOWL (small-$7.50) acai with granola, strawberries, bananas, and honey2. MANA BOWL (large-$9.25) acai with granola, strawberries, blueberries, bananas, honey, and bee pollen. THIS IS MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE!!3. HAWAIIAN BOWL (deluxe-$12.50) has the same as a Mana bowl but with Pa'i'ai (poi without water).This store, in fact Monsarrat in general, has a reminiscence of Haleiwa. Through these doors, you'll enter a feel-good atmosphere with local or jazzy tunes, worn out sofas, and a counter full of plump bananas, watermelons, and mangoes. This is Hawaii-simple living, cash only, and eating local. The ceiling has painted mosaics of funny characters-a sun, dogs, the ocean, what have you. The walls give you endearing insight to the owner who, in his hey day, was a famous surfer. Marcus Marcos enjoyed nothing more than to "hang ten" with his beloved yellow Labrador Pono, as demonstrated by the countless photos. The atmosphere has a sustainable, healthy vibe. Reusable silverware and bowls encourage you to eat in and find your happy place. I personally recommend dining in--take out acai bowls come in a smoothie cup and is just NOT the same experience. Plus, I feel the portions are more plentiful when it's in the Chinese melamine bowls versus a 16 ounce. Just the energy in the room makes you feel at ease, almost a recentering of one's self, "Island Style".Though the owner has recently passed, his memory and good spirits live on in the carefree attitude of the restaurant and staff. The bar-istas are young, fun, and a hit-or-miss in the customer service department, but I can imagine how insane this place can get. NEWS FLASH! They recently added a new menu item called the Pitaya, or jackfruit. Supposedly, this fruit is loaded with lycopene (good for all you men's prostates), antioxidants, and anti-aging properties...hmm, this sounds familiar. Both the acai and pitaya are excellent choices, but stick with the MANA BOWL and you won't regret it. If you can see past the terrible parking and lackluster wait staff, you just might reach Nir-MANA.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,11/21/2014,263,224,11,9,9>GERADO - RICO SUAVE (Skipped Non English parts)Video link provided youtube.com/watch?v=Nx64…DA EH DA....RICO......CHICKENDA EH DA....RICO....CHICKENI heard of this place that is really dopeHeard so much about RIco I have hopeMy only addiction has to do with the Poultry speciesI eat 'em raw like sushiSo please do not judge a book by its coverThere's more to being a Peruvian food loverYou got to know how to deal with a ChickenHalf Chicken, rice and some pintoThe line is long, Rico is a poultry gigaloDA EH DA....RICO......CHICKENDA EH DA....RICO....CHICKENIs their a restaurant that can handleA man like meThat' might be ordering two or threeSo do not let my review  misled yaRico Chicken I think I really need yaWould you rather have me lieTake it from me this is a place is a tryYou will be giving me high fivesOrder a whole, half, or quarter plateGotta order sides, and make it a dateFinding parking might cause interferencedon't judge this place by its appearance
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,11/20/2014,181,73,10,10,14>My husband & I are always on the hunt for a new izakaya.  So I was pretty darn excited when I came across Izakaya Torae Torae. I was even more excited to find out that the chef & a bunch of the workers are transplants from  Izakaya Nonbei, one of our usual spots. I'm pregnant, which means I'm not supposed to eat anything raw. Coming here & watching my husband consume bite after bite of super fresh fish was almost more than I could bear. Of course, I caved a little & ate one piece of the hamachi carpaccio (I'll be ordering one of these just for myself after I pop this little meatloaf out of here) & the uni nigiri from my husband's sushi set (he swears that uni "tastes like you're eating a fart" & I couldn't bear for it to be wasted). Don't get me wrong, I was able to find enough fully cooked items to fill my tummy. The snow crab & cream corn croquette was crispy on the outside & creamy on the inside. The ribeye steak with special garlic & onion sauce is amazing; they prepare it the same way they do at Nonbei but at about $7 cheaper. The jidori chicken karaage wasn't too shabby either. The only thing I was disappointed with was the teri truffle edamame. If I see anything with "truffle" on a menu, I'll order it. I didn't really get any hints of truffle in this dish, not to mention the edamame was undercooked. But in comparison to the quality of the rest of our food, I'm totally willing to overlook it. Especially when we got our bill. It was about $20 less than what we'd expected. The value you get here is unreal. Service was on point the whole dinner & at the end of the night, a woman who I'm guessing might be the manager came over & gave my little girl a bag of M&Ms. I'm talking a full size bag, not the little fun size ones. It's very clear that the staff goes above & beyond to make sure their customers are happy. Izakaya Torae Torae has definitely solidified itself as a new go-to spot for us. You better believe I'll be doing major damage here once I can eat sushi again!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/19/2014,154,328,14,19,18>YEAH BABY! I GET DA GRINDZ!!!!! If it weren't for my Yelp buddy - bruddah Darrell P. posting his pics of da grindz at "Ahi & Vegetable"..........I would have not known about this place.Thank goodness for the Yelp community friends that shares it's adventures of the goto grindz places!So I was in Kalihi yesterday doing a job in a bank , and it was not too far away from Ahi & Vegetable. When it became lunch time.........you know what happened next!Yes, I made my way to the newly revamped Palama Shopping Center complex where the old Palama Super Market use to be. Saw the big temporary sign that says "Ahi & Vegetable", and made my way into the shop. I had thought this place was a "grab & go" kinda deal, but was pleasantly surprised that it had quite a bit of tables to sit & eat.Basically you walk in, order your food from the sign menu listed on the wall, then find a place to sit down. When your order is ready, someone brings it to your table...........how's that for service? I must say, I'm glad I went here yesterday..........fish is definately FRESH! Service was great! New restaurant is sparkling new & clean!!!!I ordered the following grub yesterday -1. Spicy Ahi & Vegetable - you get a gob of spicy ahi on a plate of salad. They provide a delicious creamy salad dressing to go with the salad. My co-worker also had the same as me..........2. I also ordered a "Bento B", which consisted of (4 pieces) of Spicy Ahi sushi, (2 pieces) of Salmon sushi, (2 pieces) of Ahi sushi, & a miso soup which I shared with my co-worker.Prices were pretty reasonable............jjust $29.00 for lunch (which includes tax), as each salad was $9.00 bucks a piece, and the Bento B was $11.00. There is lots of parking.............but of course it is shared with the other businesses.  Most of you folks that already know about this place...........Ahi & Vegetable's original location is in downtown on Fort Street Mall, this new location is their 2nd restaurant. May I congratulate them on a job well done! Great product, & fast and friendly service!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,11/18/2014,299,171,19,22,16>Ho' Aunteh!  Can pass da Tobasco?Watchu mean no get shoyu?!Brahhh ketchup on eggs- she go!* * *Show of hands, who drowns their food in condiments?  I've got half a dozen hot sauces, and the half gallon shoyu bottle at home.  I'm guilty.   Cocina caught me by surprise.  How often is it you eat a dish and don't want to add a thing to it?  It's made to be enjoy just as it is served.  At first it feels.. awkward.  You want to reach across the table for that bottle of something, but it's not there.  Yet... you're glad it's not?  A few quick tips:  Try the fresh made Agua Fresca.  I look forward to it every time!  The chips and salsa are outstanding, as are those Papas Frita!!  Wow.  Great way to start the meal.There's something for everyone here.  The menu seems to be constantly adjusting, with new items popping up, and some old items leaving. At this point I've tried a good number of thing on the menu, and I've only not been thrilled by one, maybe two.  And that was mainly a taste/preference issue.  I'm not going to mention everything I've had, because I honestly can't remember it all.  But here are a few..Papas FritasIt was like.. I can taste again!  These are not simply fried potatoes.  Yet, they're not bombarded with cheese and seasonings.  A light balance, with a little tang.  Comes with house made habaneros ketchup.  It's a side dish, but a memorable one.  If that's too much for a side, the chips and house made salsa are to be reconed with!Burger (Tortaguesa)A burger to rival the previous tenants?  I can't say, since I never did return to The Whole Ox after my mediocre experience.  But I can say that this burger stands out among the rest.  You bite in and.. and... what is that taste?   You can actually taste the beef!  Yes, even through the grilled onions, avocado, queso, and pickle jalapenos.   Fried AvocadoThat was different!  An impressive feat, a nice breaded crispy layer on the outside, and the avocados shape and consistency maintained well inside.  Not at all what I expected!  Covered in a zesty slaw, crumbled cheese, and peppers.  Must try for avo-lovers.Various TacosAll served on homemade corn tortillas, I love the fish, and the various style chicken tacos.   On a taco Tuesday I got to try a roasted mushroom taco and a scrambled poached egg taco.  So different, such outstanding flavors!  Also, don't be afraid of the beef tongue!  Tender, rich, smokey, full of flavor!Cocina instantly became a regular place for weekly lunch with my dad, and is one of my favorite spots.* * *Hours:They are Tues - Sat, 11am - 9pm, straight through.  Made the change on the Yelp page, but it was denied.  Call them to confirm if you like, those are the new ours.  LOCATION CHANGE as of 3/1/2014 They are now located just around the corner on Auahi Street (same block), at the old Taste Kitchen location.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,11/17/2014,376,199,31,34,37>A new Chinese restaurant has opened in town."AJ'S CHINESE FAST FOOD                 GRAND               OPENING"yelp.com/biz_photos/ajs-…I live to explore and experience; seeking out the new; looking for new food adventures.I believe:  "Life is a great adventure when you venture off on a new and different path."I believe: "Each new adventure brings a new experience.  Keep an open mind and enjoy your journey."I believe:  "An open mind is one that is compassionate, understanding and shows patience." [3]I walked in the doors of AJ's Chinese Fast Food at about 11:45 A.M. The two smiling waitresses standing behind the counter said:  "Hello!  Welcome!"yelp.com/biz_photos/ajs-…It's always good to be acknowledged with a "welcome" and a smile when walking into a place you have never visited before.  Their greeting gave me a warm and fuzzy feeling.I believe:  "Having a warm and fuzzy feeling, improves the taste of food."The place is clean and new; but to my surprise, it was pretty empty.  I was expecting to see a big, grand opening crowd.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajs-…I believe:  "Judgment should come after an experience; not before you even get started."I took my time browsing the red menu in the back and attentively walked around checking out the Chinese food.The center menu read:$5 Bowl:  Rice or Chow Mein Plus 1 Item$7 Combo:  Rice or Chow Mein Plus 1, 2 or 3 Items$9 Bigger Bowl:  Rice or Chow Mein Plus 1, 2, or 3 Items in a Bigger Plate [1]yelp.com/biz_photos/ajs-…My dining partner ordered the $7 Combo.  He ordered the chow mein with Kung Pao Chicken, stew beef and eggplant.  Not a bad lunch for $7.00.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajs-…I ordered the $5 bowl.  My starch was half rice/half chow mein noodle; and my one choice was Thai Chicken.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajs-…There were about 27 different Chinese dishes. The two interesting dishes I noticed were the "pig ear" and "crystal pork meat".  The lady behind the counter said the selections were a mixture of Cantonese, Central and Northern Chinese cuisine.yelp.com/biz_photos/ajs-…I loved the chewiness of the thick chow mein noodles.  The Thai Chicken was lightly seasoned and not a dragon pleaser.  But for $5.00, I considered it a bargain.I believe:  "Chinese people make the best Chinese food."The people here are real Chinese. [2]yelp.com/biz_photos/ajs-…I believe:  "AJ's Chinese Fast Food fits somewhere between Panda Express and Chun Wah Kam when it comes to Chinese fast food.  Just like in the battle between McDonalds, Burger King and Jack in the Box.  Everyone will like one over the other for different reasons."I believe:  "AJ's Chinese Fast Food serves pretty good food for a pretty reasonable price."I believe:  "When the food is cheap, one should not have unrealistic expectations."Two people gave this new place one star reviews.  They were probably Chinese and I think they were "Wong!"[1] When they say three items, they mean three.  My buddy asked for five choices in smaller portions but they said no.[2] Many of you are wondering what fake Chinese people looks like.  This guy Chan was a fake Chinese.sfgate.com/books/article….....and as far as cooking; he made fried rice with Uncle Ben's Rice.[3] This does not apply to when I'm driving my car.  Keep up with the speed limit.  Never cut in front of me and never start crossing the street when the pedestrian light is at "3".  If you are stupid enough to do any of these things:  Read my lips and I'm flipping you the finger .....a$$hole!!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,11/16/2014,196,182,30,35,35>For a small take out business this place hits the mark!  Just a normal Saturday when someone said "let's get sushi take-out for lunch!"  Okay, any suggestions because I'm not doing the Genki thing.  So #1 son says his workers pick up here all the time and love it. Out comes the iPads and the Yelp reviews from trusted Yelpers sealed the deal.  What?  No menu on line, no problem...look at the photos and choose what you like.  So we ordered 3 orders Spicy Tuna Nigiri and 3 orders of the 911 rolls. What a deal!  The rolls were huge, STUFFED with spicy tuna, topped with sliced avocado and drizzled with chili oil, red pepper and chili sauce.  Came with edamame, a little side of salad, pickled ginger and wasabi.  The spicy tuna nigiri was sooo big,  I don't believe anyone could eat a piece in one bite.  Took me three bites per piece.  Spicy as advertised, big on fish, small on rice.  As a matter of fact, didn't even notice the rice so it must have been good.  Lol!  Only issue is really a non issue since it was take away and not eaten in, the nori was not crisp but that was expected.  I will admit this is not a high end sushi bar but for the value it was AWESOME.  Will definitely be back and often.  Small place that we have passed by numerous times.  2nd level of the Aiea Shopping Center.  Same level as Mc D but under the parking structure.  Try it out, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,11/15/2014,249,129,22,34,28>Hubby & I normally enjoy eating at the many local Chinese restaurants, which are predominantly Cantonese/Hong Kong style of cooking in Southern China, due to the majority of the Chinese population here are from that area. Typical foods in Cantonese cuisine include dim sum & fresh meats/veggies stir-fried in light, fragrant sauces. A significant staple is rice, as it is a major crop grown in that region.Over the years, we've taken a liking to a small Chinese restaurant named Dew Drop Inn in Makiki that's been in that same location since 1988.  What a cute name for a restaurant! It specializes in Taiwanese & Northern Chinese cuisine. Taiwanese cuisine is a variation of the Fujianese style of Chinese cooking which includes shellfish, fish, water plants, oil, vinegar, sugar, sweet bean paste, bean curd, & rice ale; many vegetarian dishes & soups have evolved in Taiwan due to the long tradition of Buddhism in the area. Northern Chinese cuisine is influenced by the lack of sufficient water in the region, so rice is not easily grown; instead, people there have adapted to making their own noodles, dumplings, & bread-based foods. yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-… We enjoy their tasty dishes, which are a change to the normal Cantonese dishes that we've been accustomed to. Colorful picture menu is useful when ordering. Dishes are made to order & are always served piping hot. We've enjoyed the following: - Chicken & chive dumplings (shui jiao). Fillings are wrapped in perfectly textured pi (not too thick, not too thin). Served hot & dipped into a fresh ginger/garlic/vinegar sauce. Delicious! yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-… - Spicy sauce won tons w/ shrimp or pork. Soft won tons served in a delightful seasoned spicy garlic sauce. The sauce is so flavorful that you want to use it for anything else you can dip it in, including rice. yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-… - Hot sour soup. The soup has tofu, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, fungus, Chinese parsley (no meats). It is spicy, peppery, & vinegary w/ a flavorful bold taste. yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-… - Orange chicken. Lightly breaded/fried, slightly crisp chunks of chicken served in a tangy sweet sour sauce w/ an orangey flavor. Yes, a winner & absolutely better than Panda Express! yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-… - Stir-fried mochi slices w/ chicken. Delicious, chewy mochi stir-fried w/ chunks of chicken, choy sum, shiitake mushrooms, garlic. yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-…     - Spicy sizzling garlic shrimp & scallops. Very much sizzling when it's served, this dish is perfectly seasoned w/ round/green onions, bean sprouts, broccoli. yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-… - Ground pork & tofu in sesame pita bread pocket (shao bing).  A signature dish - seasoned ground pork & dried tofu w/ a hint of hoi sin sauce. Spoon it into the sweet, crusty, piping hot bread pocket covered w/ black & white sesame seeds. An amazing taste! yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-… - Vegetarian bean curd ball w/ choy sum. Long rice, mushrooms, carrots, bamboo shoots wrapped in bean curd (foo jook) sitting in a light sauce. Another signature dish that will pop open your sensory experience! Very different & so tasty! yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-… - Hot black sesame mochi ball. Mochi balls filled w/ silky black sesame paste & served in warm water. Excellently prepared, not too sweet. yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-…We've also tried their Mongolian beef, Szechuan eggplant, & tofu/egg drop soup - all are excellent! Condiments include shoyu, white vinegar, garlic chili sauce, house-made chili oil. No msg is used. Choice of white or brown rice. Complimentary hot jasmine tea. BYOB too!Husband/wife owners Charlie & Becky Tsai have been the 2nd owners of this restaurant for the past 21 years. Their son, Jimmy Tsai, will likely continue its legacy of unique, quality menu offerings that are generally not duplicated elsewhere.The small restaurant seats 32 people; interior is charmingly decorated w/ many interesting things, such as Chinese art, fish tank, faux grapes, wood carvings. yelp.com/biz_photos/dew-… Small parking lot on premises w/ 8 spaces, but you'll have to reverse out.  Free parking on mauka side of Beretania after 6 pm (no meters); metered parking on makai side of Beretania is free from 6pm.Such a delightful, charming restaurant that is one of our favorites. Do drop in or Dew Drop Inn (pun intended)! (UYE 6/26/14)
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,11/14/2014,242,168,13,15,11>I recently visited this place for a friend's birthday party. First off, finding this place seemed to be difficult for everyone in our party. For some reason google maps makes you turn prematurely. If you're looking for this place, make the turn onto Malakole from Kalaeloa and just head ALL THE WAY DOWN...you'll see it on your right when you reach the end of the road. Don't turn off Malakole. OK, now that you're there, you'll find that this place is FUN. They have kamaaina and military rate which helps discount the price a bit (we paid $17 for 1 hour). When you check in, you'll have the option to buy grippy socks...they're only $3 and I think they probably helped me from falling keeping my feet under me instead of in front of me. Also, if you're trying to decide how many 1-hour sessions you want, unless you're a gymnast or an olympian, 1 hour is going to be plenty. After about 5 minutes of jumping, I was breaking a sweat and gasping for air. There are a few different zones: a main jumping area with sections of trampolines, an area to do slam dunks (2 hoops, 1 low and 1 high), an area to test out your flipping skills and jump into the foam pit (front flips only) and my personal favorite...a dodgeball area! Yes, dodgeball. I felt a little bit bad railing on all the little kids, but holy crap that was fun. Actually, we had a large group of adults and we were split up so it was fair.Some notes to consider:- make sure you have pockets that can zip shut or else don't carry anything in your pockets- there are NO WATER FOUNTAINS (a conspiracy to get you to spend money at the snack bar) so plan accordingly- beware of little kiddies...I am not even a parent but I was really nervous for the keiki jumping and running around amongst the adultsAll in all, I MIGHT visit again if I were going with a group, but I think 1 time was enough for this out-of-shape old-timer =)
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,11/13/2014,231,559,31,40,38>When you got it, YOU GOT ITWhat started out to be a diner in a bowling alley, The Alley Restaurant morphed itself into a FINE DINER location. Here are some observations1) Always crowded, you will more than likely have to wait for a seat (courteous customer service)2) you WILL wait (anticipation)3) you will study the menu while you wait OR you just know your order will be the oxtail soup4) you will order desert with your meal OR you will have dessert to go.5) you will leave the restaurant with a pleasant fulfilled feeling- and maybe a  lemon crunch cake or pumpkin crunch cake in your hand for the evening dessert.The food is above average from the standpoint of quality first, quantity second.  The service is okay, they are so busy the table service may sometimes come off as abrupt but understand it comes with a reason (valid reason). The menu is extensive, you can order a mini meal, a regular sized meal or appetizers (their appetizers can fit as part of a shared meal) and dessert (of course I have desert first when dining here and many times end up having my meal to go!) Too many good prepared meals to list, suffice to say everything on the menu is good.My picks of meals? Ahi furikake (mini), fried rice breakfast, or ANY burger and last, most enjoyed by me is the oxtail soup.Don't forget the Lemon crunch cake!Only drawback????? PARKING!!!! Difficult! Horrible parking conditions!  That said, indicative of a great restaurant if I can overlook the parking situation (I am the parking police)PS I agree with Guy Fieri
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,11/12/2014,161,16,15,17,19>Don't you love the name, Dream To Dance?Whether you're an aspiring Ballroom dancer who wants to compete or someone who just simply loves dancing, this is the place for you.Owner and operator, Debbie Borges Barboza's dream was to dance.  She shares her passion of dancing with her students and anyone who just wants to shake that booty to Latin and Ballroom dancing.  She has been teaching since 1979.  She is one of the best dance instructors out there.One fateful day some years ago, I'd just gotten out of a ltr and was wondering what fun things could a single gal do to get into trouble...Yelping wasn't an option then lol.  I decided to take a Spanish class at a nearby high school.  The class had a field trip out to a night club that had Salsa dancing on a Sunday night.  I was mesmerized by the Latin dancing and the upbeat music that had me moving to the beat, even though I had no clue how to dance...and that fateful evening, a salsera (female salsa dancer) wannabe named Margarita was born...lolI really wanted to learn how to Salsa.  I would go to the club every week just to watch people dance.  I met Debbie on one of those Salsa dance nights.  I had heard from others that she was a dance instructor so I signed up for classes with her.  My antics in learning salsa made me look like one of the characters in the 1996 movie, "Shall we Dance?"  lolIf you want to learn from an awesome dance instructor, you must go see Debbie at Dream to Dance.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,11/11/2014,328,504,20,25,24>Variety is the spice of life......or so they say.Apparently, that's definitely the case at Agu Ramen where they offer a varied selection of Ramen dishes, some of which carry their own spice level.  Yes, that you read that correct:  spice level.  These levels range from 1 to 5, with the EPIC level being the spiciest broth offered.  After accepting a dinner invitation, I began to slowly wonder what I had gotten myself into.  I hoped and prayed the spice wouldn't get the best of me.LOCATION/PARKING:  Near the Moiliili branch of FHB.  Same compound as St. Louis Alumni.  Parking available in the lot (look for spaces with "AGU" next to them) or on the street.The restaurant is quaint and cozy with counter seating directly in the middle, as well as tables positioned against the walls.  I was with a group of six and we arrived for dinner on a weekday around 6pm.  It wasn't too crowded when we arrived, but by the time we left slightly past 7pm, there were people waiting to be seated.After looking over the menu, I chose the Spicy Tonkotsu with Level 3 spice, and shared a small plate of gyoza with Sandra K.  Others in the group selected cold ramen, parmesan ramen, and the EPIC spice.  I'll admit I was a bit anxious while waiting for the food.  I suppose I experienced a slight fear of the spice that was to come (Spice-no-phobia perhaps)?  Well, the food arrived as it inevitably would and looked rather intimidating.  I took a few sips of the broth to prepare myself of my pending meal, and at first I found it alright.  Midway thru the meal was when I became ever so thankful for the constant water refills provided by our server.  I think Level 3 is my EPIC level so to speak.  I commend the lone person (Jacob N) in our group who was brave enough to conquer the EPIC spice.  Bravo!Overall, I did like the ramen but found the portion size smaller than I expected.  For those with a ravenous appetite, I would suggest upgrading to the XL portion or order one or two side dishes in addition to the ramen.  The gyoza was absolutely delicious.SERVICE:  Pretty good.  The servers were friendly enough, the food came out in a timely manner, and water was readily refilled throughout the meal.NOTE:  No reservations accepted (we tried to make one!).  First come first serve.BOTTOM LINE:  A EPIC visit to Agu Ramen.  I'd definitely return to try other items on the menu, but I"m not so sure about trying anything above Level 3.......sadly everyone has a imit.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,11/10/2014,483,289,26,27,29>I've been in love with Via Gelato since day two. Literally. The first time I tried Via Gelato was the second day of business of the wonderful Via Gelato truck. Since then, I've hunted down the truck at various Farmers Markets, and roadside stops to get my Via fix. Now that Via Gelato has opened up a brick-and-mortar shop I can easily get my fix just about any time I want!OH YEAH!!+ The gelato + The sorbetto+ Cold, sweet, refreshing+ Many locally sourced ingredients+ Freshly made cones+ Conveniently located permanent storefront+ Super friendly staff+ Plenty of seating+ Wonderful ambiance+ Sandwiches & Soup+ Coffee+ Lots of different flavors+ Available flavors always changing+ AFFOGATO!!!OH NO!!- Closed on Mondays :(OH MY?!~ There always seems to be line there going out the door every night! Well, except Monday's of courseNow I've heard from some that what you get here isn't "real" gelato because of this reason, or that. I personally have never been to Italy to partake in "authentic" Italian gelato, so, like with "authentic" Mexican food, I have no point of reference. Frankly, I don't care. Authentic, or not, I LOVE VIA GELATO!!! For those who are intolerant of the lactose, you're in luck! Via also offers up a variety of sorbetto, and even the occasional vegan offerings! The available flavors are always changing due to the availability of certain ingredients. There are a handful of flavors that are usually available more times than not. Basics like vanilla, varieties of chocolate, green tea and coffee. The more occasional flavors include tiramisu, nutella, nutter butter, mango, guava, watermelon and so many more.Unlike when Via was a truck there is more than just gelato and sorbetto here. They have added soup and sandwiches to the lineup, and have also started serving coffee. You can choose from a variety of espresso based drinks, and drip coffee as well. And yes, since there is gelato, and espresso always handy affogato is always on the menu. You can even choose the flavor of gelato you want in it!Via Gelato has proved to be the perfect addition to the bustling Kaimuki food scene. Even though the lines can get kinda long most nights it moves along at a decent clip, and I'm always more than happy to patiently wait my turn for a cold and creamy scoop of heaven.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,11/9/2014,390,471,28,34,31>Made with passion and pride.  Served with aloha.Stop it!  It's not snot.  It's not paste.  It's poi, and the 110 year old Waiahole Poi Factory makes some freshest and best along with broke da mouth Hawaiian grindz (uhhh, tasty food).  Short review for locals:  Fresh poi.  Good kine luau leaves.  No get too much fat or salt.  Plenty flavor.  Choke food.For visitors or first timers; a tip, luau leaves are similar to collard greens in flavor.  Poi, like healthy mashed potatoes, add a pinch of salt, you'll understand.The menu:  five items:1. Laulau - Excellent.  Very good balance of sweet luau leaves to well steamed, well trimmed, fall apart pork.  A piece of pork belly adds fatty richness, butter fish a depth of flavor.2. Kalua Pig - Shredded, slow cooked, naturally smoked pork aggressively seasoned and moist from it's sweet, porky cooking jus.3. Squid Luau - Chewy bits of squid swimming in a stew of luau leaves.4. Beef Luau - Tender beef in the same stew.5. Long rice - Soupy, salty, with generous pieces of shredded chicken breast.Single choice, $8.35.  Two choice combo, $10.50.  Choice of mixed brown / white rice, or poi (tiny 2oz portion), lomi salmon (not salty, fresh tomato and onion), and haupia (dense, gelatin packed, intense coconut flavor).Now, the poi.  Incredibly fresh.  Two kinds, machine milled is smooth with a hint of sweetness, good starch.  Hand pounded, thick, less starch, greater intensity.Enough.  Time fo' grind.  Out.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,11/8/2014,76,147,5,9,10>My review is strictly based on coming here one night to play pool. I wasn't drinking and didn't eat anything. I have to say that I love this place! Just recently introduced over this past weekend. A couple of my guy friends and I stopped in to play pool. I love it! So many pool tables, a bar and a good food menu(from what I hear).  It is located on the second floor of the building. There is parking in that lot, I think its free? As I walked in there was a band playing in the smaller room to the right. We walked past for the doorman to check our ID then gave us a wrist band saying we were over 21. I didn't really know until I entered the pool hall as to why we needed bands.  We walked into the pool area and there was a lot of high school looking people, then the light bulb went off - this place is 18+. There were over 20 pool table in here, chairs lined up down the middle of the rows for people to sit. They had two sticks for every table.  and a coin machine as it cost to play pool.  I will definitely be here again! Great place to go to not just dance the night away, but a chill place to hang out with friends, drink, and where its quiet enough to hear them.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,11/7/2014,242,151,6,8,10>When I was a kid, my mom would drag me with her to whatever chinese hairstylist she was frequenting at the moment for my haircuts. In order to maximize on these haircuts, she'd insist that I get a super short haircut. I'd be 8 years old, and probably the only elementary school kid rocking a bob haircut while the rest of my classmates would have pretty long locks. Traumatizing. As I've grown up, my hesitation towards haircuts has stuck with me. After a pile of bad haircuts and poor dye jobs, for a very long stretch of time, I decided to play the role of my own hair stylist. Picking up a pair of layering scissors, and taking a few lessons from from some youtube vids and pictures saved from the internet--I'd experiment with coloring and cutting my own hair. Eeeek! Cue the screaming now, I know. Finally, I had enough. My hair was gross and was definitely in need of a revival--it was limp, lifeless, and my overall color was patchy and uneven. Stacey absolutely saved my hair and made it so much more beautiful that I could have imagined! I walked in with a style in mind, and even a few pics saved on my phone to show her what I wanted done. I had originally decided that I wanted an ombre, but after showing Stacey pictures of what I wanted, as well as seeing the color that was already in my hair, we decided on going in a different direction. She trimmed a few inches of my hair, mostly tackling the very dry parts and gave my hair back some shape. Also, instead of doing an ombre, she first put a single color on my hair to even everything out, and then went back afterwards with chunky highlights in the front. She was very upfront about what she was going to do, and also so helpful with offering up her own ideas on what I could do. I put my hair in her hands... and the result was amazing! Not tooting my own horn or anything, but I seriously never believed my hair could look so good! While you can tell I have highlights, overall, the color is very subtle and natural. And most importantly, my hair looks lively and healthy! The salon is in a super convenient location near Ala Moana. It's upstairs in the building above Shokudo; my friend who got her hair done with me was surprised at where they were located--so heads up! My cut and color came out to about ~$170 pre-tip, which I thought was reasonable for all the work I had done.  After so much time, I can definitely say that my hair salon anxiety is banished, and it's all thanks to Stacey and Salon 808!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,11/6/2014,86,225,4,11,9>I have tried Vinyasa Yoga, Yin Yoga, Bikram Yoga and even Danh Yoga, but nothing comes close to Anti-Gravity Yoga at The Hang Out!  To say it was the most fun I have ever had is an understatement.  It needs to be in ALL CAPS, size 100000, and followed by a million exclamation points!  Anti-Gravity Yoga at The Hang Out is the MOST FUN I HAVE EVER HAD!!!Located in Kaka'ako and across the street from BJ Penn's UFC Gym is a beautifully painted building full of vibrant purples and blues.  You can't miss it!  Once you pass through the gates and find your way up the stairs, The Hang Out will be the first door you reach at the top.  The cozy and intimate studio has about 11 Anti-Gravity hammocks, cubby holes for your belongings, and a water dispenser.  I purchased 3 FUNdamental classes through an Amazon Local Deal and joined 3 other newbies on my first day.  Jordan, the owner and instructor, helped adjust our hammocks and walked us through each stretch, spin, and inversion with patience, kindness, and professionalism.  Hanging upside down or spinning forward can be frightening at first, but Jordan and the class are very encouraging and supportive.  Just go for it and do your best!The website for The Hang Out is incredibly easy to use.  You can purchase your classes and reserve a space online in a matter of minutes!  Since I was having trouble reserving classes with my Amazon Local deal, I contacted Jordan through the website and he emailed me right away to help me out!  As The Hang Out grows in popularity, which I am positive it will, the website and its reservation system will certainly come in handy to secure a spot in class.  I could honestly go on and on and on about how much FUN Anti-Gravity Yoga at The Hang Out is, but you should see for yourself!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,11/5/2014,3139,188,21,23,21>Oh Shimazu Store, how i love you because asian men like me always exaggerate about how big our you know what's are, and after seeing the size of the Small shave ice here, it actually gives us hope that one day we can be like Mandingo or John Holmes because SIZE here at Shimazu Store definitely Matters.For all of you tourists in Waikiki who don't want to go all the way to the North Shore to get get your hands on some decent Shave Ice, Shimazu Store is only a 15 to 20 minute car ride from Waikiki, all you have to do is get on your Google Maps and type in Shimazu Store 330 N.School St Honolulu,Hi 96817 and you will get your hands on some of the most craziest looking and obscene looking mounds of ice you will ever lay your eyes on.There are tons of flavors to choose from and many different variations of building up your dream Shave Ice. Most Locals usually get it with Vanilla Ice Cream and Azuki Beans and the purists will usually just take it like it is. I will warn you right now, the Small Shave Ice is actually pretty big and the Large Shave Ice here is missing the letter X in front of the L word. It is fricken massive and the employees will you know as well that this is a heaping mound of shave Ice. As for The Larry, i don't about paying $11.50 for it, but if you want to say you were one of those foodies thats snap one of these pictures and say i had The Larry and i'm damn proud of it while snapping a picture of it and posting it on Facebook and Instagram as a trophy or defining moment, then go right ahead but i think just ordering the Large Shave Ice and sharing it between 2 or 3 people will be the most logical and cheaper idea.Shimazu Store is a great place for locals like me to take my guests from Japan or the Mainland to because of it's location and the Shave Ice here is nice and light and just melts in your mouth. Is it the best shave Ice i ever had? All i can say is there isn't one place that stands out for me because Shave Ice is just Shave Ice to me, and it's something that i've been eating i was a little kid and still enjoy it till this day.But as for Shimazu Store, i can tell you one thing, they must be doing something right with the throngs of people that come here, even on a rainy day. Give Shimazu Store a try, you won't leave here disappointed....* The Small Shave Ice $3.50 yelp.com/biz_photos/shim…* The Large Shave Ice $4.50 yelp.com/biz_photos/shim…* The Larry $11.50 yelp.com/biz_photos/shim…* Extras: Li Hing Mui Powder 50 cents                                Azuki Beans              75 cents                Mochi Squares                Ice Cream               Condensed Milk               Dulce de Leche                Creamy Haupia        $1.25
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,11/4/2014,204,125,1,13,9>I know, "to each their own" but I really feel like I need to stand up for this place!  I truly feel that this is one of the better ramen places because the broth and the noodles are better than any of the other places.  Top 3 for sure!  But that's my opinion.  I am a loyal follower from when they were in Waikiki since I used to work in Waikiki.  And funny enough, I now work in the Ala Moana area and Kiwami followed me there (har har).LOCATIONNext to Crooks on Keeamoku.  Park downstairs, walk up.  Super convenient location compared to Waiks.  Sometimes they have workers who stand on the street passing out free drink coupons.  Oh, and sometimes Midweek has coupons, too!ATMOSPHEREIt doesn't seem much has changed from when it was an udon place, but there's a lot of tables.  Comfortable atmosphere.SERVICEKinda slow, I admit can be better.  They are nice enough and don't have too many working at a time.  This was the case when they were in Waiks, too, so I kind of expected that haha.FOODAll the standard ramens are BOMB (shoyu, miso, shio).  Note that the noodles are thinner than other places, which I personally like better.  I like them a little softer vs the "al dente" noodles at some of the other places.  The broth is rich and smooth.- TSUKEMEN / DIP NOODLE:  Not too many places have tsukemen, and I don't know why!  The noodles are a little thicker for this, and the dipping sauce a little more salty because you're meant to just dip the noodles in and not drink the soup like how you would with a regular ramen.  I like that you can choose the noodles to be warm or cold, and spiciness.  I tried the shoyu the last time and thought it was amazing like the rest of their food.- PICANTE: I used to loooove this.  I still do.  But unfortunately for me and my allergies to chili pepper, I can no longer eat this.  Sad face.  I liked that it is soup-less, just noodles mixed in a spicy sauce, topped with some greens and char siu, and mayo on the side.  Oh, and it comes with a slice of pineapple!  Random, but I think it was a nice touch.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,11/3/2014,146,98,10,14,11>G A R L i C  C H i C K E N !!!Sugoi's never disappoints me! + Portion sizes are huge+ Very affordable + Great Customer Service+ Clean restaurant+ Delicious food+ Food always comes fast & is hot!+ Right across the way from Kam Bakery lol I was at work and did not pack home lunch, and I was really craving garlic chicken. I didnt wanna walk to Koi's lunchwagon because It was bloody hot. I just remembered that my brother was home and my bf didnt start work until 1! so i called them up and decided to take them out to lunch and have them lose their poi malasada virginity! lol, (yes, living on this island their whole life and they've never had poi malasadas) So I called my brother to grab me from work and we got to Sugoi's in about 7 minutes. The parking was so not the business, but thank you Jesus when we made our last turn around before going anywhere else, the car that was parked in front of us reversed out and we got a parking right in front! I thought the line was going to be long since its lunch and everytime I go there, all the construction guys are grabbing lunch, but thank you Jesus again, there was only 2 people in front of me! Brother got the loco moco w/toss, boyfriend got the Garlic ahi w/toss, and I got the garlic chicken w/mac and extra sauce! We went to find a table and  I love how they have wipes at every table. So clean! our food came in 3-4 minutes. And we got our grub on! My brother and boyfriend are tall and big and they got mini plates, and they said when they were done, they were full. thats how big the plates are! We were so satisfied! Great place to come and have lunch!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,11/2/2014,38,38,14,16,14>Amazing!  This place is just amazing! ^_^Koko Head Cafe is a cute little brunch place with a twist!  I love unique, fusion dishes infused with local-favorite ingredients.  You'll never find any of these dishes anywhere else!  Kimchee bacon scones? Black sesame yuzu muffins?  Maple sriracha sausage?  Poi biscuit and gravy?  The combinations are GENIUS! And oh so tempting...Don't let the wait scare you away.  There's a reason why so many people want to eat here, and if you don't tough it out, then you'll never experience why! You can use the time spent waiting to decide what to get.  Because I am willing to bet that you will be needing a LOT of time just to figure out which dish to choose.  So difficult to choose just one!Fish and Eggs: sounds pretty common right? Nope nope nope!  Today's fish was Opah Belly, and it has to be one of the best cooked fish I have ever tasted.  It was incredibly tender, oh so soft (as soft as Gary's skin ^_~), and the miso flavoring was absolutely delicious!  This sat atop a bed of Ocean Rice (you just have to try it!) that was a bit koge on the bottom because of the skillet.  So perfect!  The soft scrambled eggs were somehow so flavorful, but did not take away from the fish.  It added a new dimension to the whole dish and added to its perfection.Breakfast Bruschetta: please please please at least try this once!!  What's so good about some fruit and yogurt on a piece of bread?  That's exactly what I thought when told to order it.  BUT MY GOODNESS.  I put it in my mouth and fireworks exploded!  It's so refreshing, and sweet, and creamy and nutty, and...ohh, I want some now. The Pancakes: these literally melt in your mouth.  Then, they make you melt inside.My experience at Koko Head Cafe was a very, very strong 5 stars.  Whoever marries/married Chef Wong is the luckiest person in the whole wide world!!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,11/1/2014,931,324,8,12,7>I liked this place more than I thought I would. Based off my initial impression, I thought this place was cramped and unorganized, but after spending some time here, I realized that's not what's going on; it's just a small space. After Christmas passed I felt my son had TOO many toys and he needed to get rid of the ones he doesn't remember even having, and he could get rid of some of his clothes, and I needed to part with all the maternity clothes I would never wear again. So here I cam. I had a shopper tote full of stuff and brought it in on a Thursday afternoon. Quick side note: Do NOT come here around lunch time. This shopping center host 2 restaurants and so you will most likely not find a parking space. Anyways, bring in the stuff, the ladies are BEYOND nice. Like, super friendly, helpful, excited you're in the store. That I Love. Nothing turns me off faster from an establishment than crap attitudes from employees. I look around the store and they have TONS of kids clothes, rows of clothes for women - some are not even maternity - LOTS of gently used gear like strollers, swings, bouncers, mats, pillows..etc, toys and books. I'll be honest, some of the prices on the swings and bouncers, I feel like you can buy brand new for the same amount, but I am not familiar with brands or anything, so maybe they are more expensive than were marked. After about 30 min they told me they were done with my bag. They didn't take everything I brought it and I wasn't expecting them to, but for what they did take, they offered me around $20. I felt like that was a lot for the nominal amount they took. I opted for a voucher because you get more if you get store credit, I bought my son this electronic alphabet thingymagig and it set me back $4. I looked online when I got home to see how much it is brand new and it was $50. SWEET! I recommend checking this place out if you like to bargain shop for your kid(s). I know I'll be bringing back more stuff to get rid of but I have to smuggle the toys out like a drug lord or else my son will lose his sh*t.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,10/31/2014,544,212,9,11,10>Wow the Chinese Food is Superb here.Honestly, Moon Garden rocked my socks off.  If there was such thing as a Chinese Foodgasm, I had it here. BOMB BOMB BOMB Chinese food! The FOOD:  We started our meal with Moon Garden's Famous Char Siu Style Ribs (must order ahead of your visit) and Fried Tofu.  The plate was massive, my mouth started watering and the ribs were so tender I could not stop myself.Then came Fish Soup that had very nice subtle flavors to settle some of that rich fatty ribs in your stomach.  Following the soup came Lobster on E-mein, Chicken, Egg Custard with preserved egg, Dungenous Crab with garlic, Vegetables, and the rest of the fish from the soup..I was overwhelmed with the amazing flavors of all the food at Moon Garden! Best Cantonese style chinese food in hawaii Hands DOWN!  The parking is tight, the restaurant could be cleaner and you must go with someone who knows the menu and speaks cantonese to order the off menu items ahead of time!BEST CHINESE FOOD ON OAHU!!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,10/30/2014,203,468,3,6,5>OMG the portions of their food are huge!! The first time I ate there, I got the penne & ricotta - the container used is the size of a regular plate lunch plate without the dividers. I must have only eaten a fourth of it and decided I'd eat the rest for dinner with my BF that night. It doesn't come with meat,  and he needs meat, so I just fried up some spicy Portuguese sausage and threw it in ... perfection! It was still too much for the both of us.I've also gotten the "mini" salad which is far from mini - you get to choose two of the six or so choices they have that day and they load it on! Like so much, that it's kind of scary to open the container because the food might fall out! I've gotten the salad twice and both times got the curry chicken and pea salad ~ so tasty!! I saw someone getting a large sized salad and it seemed the employee was just scooping on every salad choice they had! I asked him how many choices the large came with and he said at least four...not sure if it's extra for more than four though.I've only seen two people working, and since it's fairly new - it is kind of busy at peak lunch hours, but they're pretty fast. The garlic bread is just OK - it's pretty thick and the flavor is not all over, so I only got it once.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,10/29/2014,138,200,5,7,6>I've gone to Not Just Desserts at the KCC farmers market at least 5 times now and each time I have NOT been disappointed with my selections.My boyfriend says that I only go to the farmers market to get her desserts and he's pretty right!  I told him that it was a necessity for the desserts and the produce that I pick up are bonuses.  HahaChef Kate's speciality is NO SUGAR and she also makes gluten free items.  SCORE for me!!!  She uses honey, fruit or agave as sweeteners.  She also makes her own taro flour for her chocolate cakes and chocolate bread (grain free, semi paleo friendly!), she makes her own chocolate since her family has a cacao farm and she doesn't use rice flour or soy.  OMG, I am in heaven!  If you can't tell by now, I'm paleo and don't eat certain things since it messes with my body big time.I overheard her speaking to another customer one day and she mentioned that she makes all these goodies bcs of her family and I just think it's wonderful that she makes these healthy treats!I'm so serious when I say that this is my go-to place for any kind of dessert or baked goods.Chef Kate changes things up at the market every week so I've had the pleasure of purchasing quite a bit of deliciousness from her over the last month.  She's even cut me off a couple of times.  HahaYesterday I picked up her grain, gluten and sugar free key lime bar and that thing was awesome!  I usually don't like bars bcs they can be dry, crumbly or just bla.  Hers was moist with enough tanginess from the limes and it was refreshing.  I couldn't stop eating it.  Then I got a strawberry boston cream slice or is it strawberry shortcake?  Whatever it was, it was beyond delicious!  My first instinct was to just buy the whole cake but I told myself that I would just get a slice to try it out bcs what if I don't like it?  So I should have listened to my instincts bcs that thing was that good!  I ate some yesterday and forced myself to save the rest for today.  Today rolls around and I ate it for breakfast.  Then I told my bf, "I'm going to order that strawberry cake for my birthday.  I'll let you have some too" hahaSome other favorites of mine: cherry chocolate cake or any of her chocolate cakes, pistachio cake, lilikoi cheesecake and her infamous truffle coconut flour brownies.  She has some gluten free muffins and sometimes she has scones.My bf eats wheat so he likes her cinnamon rolls.Chef Kate's desserts are not only good but even healthy since she uses quality, local and seasonal  ingredients.  Her pricing is so reasonable that it's truly unbelievable!  Her and her staff are always amazed at how much I buy and how fast I finish it all.  I've been tempted to go to her shop for my treats but have held back on it.  I like the variety at the market and the poor woman spends all night and day to make it.  It truly is a labor of love and I for one am very grateful for her genius!  Baking with non-traditional flour is super hard work, it's not only a science but an art form and she's a true artist!Check her out at the market or shop.  I should stop by the shop since I've seen pictures of her lobster salad and that looks amazing.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,10/28/2014,192,124,7,9,6>You know it's going to be a good day when you're venturing to a new breakfast place with a Yelp friend after said Yelp friend (or should I say, Yelp Extraordinaire) writes a pretty darn alluring review. Then after reading from said Yelp friend that other Yelp friends (who are very credible and speak the truth on establishments) have gone here, too. Whew, as if that wasn't confusing enough... Thanks for still reading on if you've made it this far, ha!Anyways onto the review! With this place being just about 2 weeks old (it's still a baby! Awwww) this place does not fall short of expectations. Kim provided us with more information and it was awesome to see the excitement as she spoke of the place. They were looking to hopefully expand into serving drinks, holding events, and so forth. So let's see to it that this place is a hit! On a weekday it was calm, and not at all crazy like how I heard it gets on the weekend. Parking in Puck's Alley was a breeze and after mid-freaking out to Yelp Extraordinaire about finding the exact location of the place, I navigated myself successfully (with his help, of course).Sat down, and was kindly greeted by Kim. More nice people. I love nice people. They have an ever changing specials: scone of the day, muffin of the day, and I believe house made soda of the day. So be prepared to try something different! I opted for the Yuzu house made soda (refreshing and light and not super sweet), and a Nutella scone as a warm up! Per the Yelp Extraordinaire, I still need to go back to try their Almond scone that is served with Lilikoi Butter. I ordered the BLT which was an open baguette with fried pork on top of a spicy avocado spread, then topped with some alfalfa and tomatoes. Not to mention the side of fresh greens that made me feel fancy (with my pinkies out) and pickle. Their house made hot sauce added a nice touch to it as well... It seemed like everything here was made in house, even down to their pineapple chutney kind of spread. I can totally see myself ordering this BLT again. I'm still having daydreams about it. Of course, it was always nice to catch up with the Yelp Extraordinaire himself and learn a thing or two about a thing or two. Luckily, no coffee was consumed this time, or else I would have really been talking his ear off. Poor guy. So take it from me, these Yelpers are the real deal when they say this place is good. Because, this place is good! Will definitely be back here to try the Almond scone and to get my second wind of that BLT goodness!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/27/2014,865,217,43,44,41>HOLY BEEF TONGUE HEAVEN!!!bit.ly/1tRd9sJI wanted to try out Yakiniku Kuhio after hearing about their generous servings of beef tongue. I was super excited to indulge on the thicker cuts of this delicacy, the paper-thin slices from its competitors seems so overpriced after a while. At YK, you're getting the ENTIRE BEEF TONGUE per order. bit.ly/1xmsv8T- Not sure if their menu is updated, because the price is listed as $39 - $49, depending on how large you want the tongue. - I was pleasantly surprised to find out that our generous portion of the "small tongue" only cost us $26!! Beef tongue is very high in fat content, so when cooked to the perfect doneness, you'll be rewarded with extremely tender and flavorful bites of beefy bliss. Trust.Check out the marbling on these babies!bit.ly/1l5XsZnWhen cooked perfectly, the texture is best described as being similar to a leaner pot roast. I've tricked plenty of friends into trying beef tongue, they all loved it (even though they had no idea that they were eating tongue.....lol, whoops!). Served alongside gireumjang (dipping sauce of sesame oil, salt & pepper). But we found it delicious with just a light sprinkling of salt and pepper. bit.ly/X1h0ZvWhat also separates YK from most other Korean bbq places, is that the meats are grilled on top of very hot lava rock grill plates. The meats cooks fast and even, the flavors are more clean-tasting too.bit.ly/1zkrKA0Their MEAT LOVERS COMBO is a great bargain. - All combos includes rice and banchan. - There's 5 items to choose from:  * Galbi* Meat Jun* Spicy Pork* Beef Bulgogi* BBQ Chicken  - Choose 3 items for $39: We went with the Spicy Pork, Meat Jun and Kalbi.   - Choose 4 items for $49.Although we ordered from the combo menu, I thought I'd include the ala carte prices for the items we ate anyways, to give my fellow Yeeps an idea of their menu prices.SPICY PORK (side order $13, set meal $15):bit.ly/1tRd08NLean (but very tender) pork, carrots and onions are stir-fried in a spicy gochujang-based sauce. We requested "extra spicy", it arrived only mildly spicy, but still very tasty. MEAT JUN (side order $12, set meal $14): bit.ly/1pl5CRSThin cuts of bbq beef coated in a thin egg batter and fried to a golden finish. It was a little greasy, but tasted ok.KALBI (side order $17, set meal $19): bit.ly/1xmsime I was hoping for the thicker kalbi, but I guess only the thinner LA cut kalbi is allowed for the Meat Lovers Combo. Flavorwise, it was okay, not as flavorful as the big boned kalbi that I'm used to. But for the 3 for $39 combo, I can't complain. Yakiniku Kuhio is located on the ground floor, right underneath Tapas Bar on Seaside Avenue, off Kuhio (the karaoke bar by Fusions nightclub). - Open daily from 4:30pm- 11pm, closed Weds. - Street parking is difficult. We parked in the metered lot behind Genius Lounge on Lewers and walked a couple blocks. - There's also Ala Wai street parking. Soju is a bit pricey at $10 a bottle, but who cares - they have WHOLE BEEF TONGUE!!!! I love this place =)
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,10/26/2014,439,153,7,14,14>Kailua has a great selection of restaurants and places to eat. But there isn't much selection of Vietnamese food though. Which is unfortunate since I rather stick to my neighborhood than go back into town for Vietnamese food. As of this writing of this review, there is probably only one or two other Vietnamese restaurants in Kailua.  The fortunate thing, for me anyway, is that Saigon Noodle House is close to home for me and the food is pretty good!I think I've tried most things on their menu. It's pretty standard Vietnamese food fare. From the pho to the bahn mi to the rice plates to the noodle dishes, it's all very good. The things I haven't tried are the desserts and the only reason being is that I am so full after eating the entree. There isn't much room for me to eat some tapioca thing. But yes, I agree with the other reviews, the portions are generous. As of late, other Vietnamese restaurants I've been to, have been very stingy on their portions so it's good to actually go somewhere as generous as here and the price is right.I must say that I do like their broth in their pho. I get picky on the broth in pho. If the I don't care for the broth, I can't enjoy the pho, even if there is tons of meat. I have to say that their broth is a top 5 for me, which includes places in the Bay Area, and you know how crazy pho is there.My most recent visit, the school age daughters were running the front of house, serving water, taking orders, cleaning tables, taking payment. I really like the fact that it's family run and they know their regulars. Even though I'm not a regular, they were pretty friendly towards me. Maybe it was because I was eating lunch by myself, but never the less, the were friendly.It did take a while for them to take my order, but as soon as they took my order, the food quickly came out. So I'll forgive the fact that I had to wait a while before they took my order. It was nice to know that they weren't hovering over me while I ate. That's one of my pet peeves when I eat solo is that waiters tend to hover over me while I eat. I don't know if that is a tactic to get me to hurry up, but it's irritating. Oh, and no, it doesn't make me hurry up. I just don't like being watched while I eat, makes me feel like I'm at the zoo. If you're going to watch me eat, I should at least get paid for it! HahahaService and food wise, this place is great. The decor and the music though, are a bit dated. They could paint the wall something other than white. And the retro music, is exactly that, retro. But I know, putting more into the decor and upgrading the music system takes money. Which explains why the whole family helps out in the business. I do like how they have a steady stream of customers because I want them to survive in Kailua. Just so there isn't only one choice for Vietnamese food in Kailua.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,10/25/2014,544,192,7,19,18>Give me $10 on the North Shore, and instead of buying 7 cups of shave ice, I'll be hiding in this hole in the wall enjoy a vegan sandwich.This is my little secret up there, and if you go I hope you enjoy it. Because the food is healthy, the vibe is chill, and the prices are reasonable.This cafe is tucked inside a grocery store. It's called celestial natural foods. They have the menu of the cafe posted outside on the glass so you can see what you might order before heading in. For good reason too because the inside of the cafe is TINY.It's in the back of the store, and once inside they have a few tables and a bar you can sit at. I've had their burritos and a few of their sandwiches. All I have enjoyed. Their fakin bacon is delicious, their veggies well cooked, and everything is fresh and rejuvenating. Their falafel burger was okay, a little on the dry side but still tasty. Some dishes come with a side of steamed kale or tortilla chips. I prefer the kale.This is a great place for you vegetarians and vegans!! And organic/non-gmo/local produce conscious people. They also have fresh juices :-)Wait times can vary. If they're super busy it'll take them quite a while to make your order because everything is made on the order. So just be patient... Parking is in the back and easy to get.Enjoy my little secret guys. It's one of the best places up on the North Shore.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,10/24/2014,86,250,7,10,9>Had another eventful experience at a ramen restaurant, this being a second time my food had something unusual in it. Hopefully this isn't a new trend, but more on that to follow. First time visiting this place, the interior was laid out spaciously despite the overall small size of the restaurant and it is comfortable and clean on the inside.Ordered the Sio (extra pork) goma tan tan ramen. The price and portion size are comparable to other ramen restaurants. They also offer a selection of sides that you can add into your ramen. Their gyoza side dish was perfectly pan fried. The bowl of ramen had five pieces of perfectly fatty char siu pieces, a not-overwhelming amount of veggies (like some places throw in) and expertly cooked noodle. The broth is as flavorful and spiced to the right amount without being overpowering like my other ramen restaurant review.Halfway through my meal is where it gets eventful. I find a small caterpillar floating to the top of my soup which was instantly recognizable with the small black head and segmented worm body. I'm told it appears to be the kind that munch on leafy greens until they grow to adulthood. I pluck it out and we call the waiter over and he quickly apologizes and takes it to the kitchen. Later, he and the chef come out and apologize and immediately put my meal on the house and offer me a new bowl. I was impressed by their handling of it and no fuss was made. Still being hungry, I took them up on it and got a new bowl free of extra protein ingredients.All things considered, have to give them 4 stars how they handled the situation. Not every place would provide the same customer service. The only thing I didn't see was water refills being offered.Parking can be found in the small neighboring lot or in Ala Moana itself.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,10/23/2014,294,103,9,14,12>I know this place just opened so I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt that they'll work most of their kinks out within the next few months. Don't get me wrong - I like their milk tea, but the service leaves me with something to desire. My coworkers and I like to stop by this place for a "quick" treat, but these trips usually take around 30 minutes even though our office is a mere five minute walk away.I had previously tried this place and their milk tea is really good! I tried their pudding milk tea and it's honestly one of my favorites. I like to get the "more tea, no ice" option. They have options for varying sweetness and ice levels!We noticed they had a delivery option (must be a 15 minute walk away or less) so we tried this once. Five of us decided to put in an order and they got four out of five orders wrong. I ordered a medium amber jelly milk tea and I received a medium aloe vera milk tea. My coworker ordered a large milk tea and he got a medium milk tea. Another coworker ordered large strawberry smoothie with pearls and she received a large strawberry banana smoothie with no pearls. The other coworker ordered a medium coffee jelly milk tea and he received a medium black diamond milk tea. Sad.We overlooked this and tried this place again - no more delivery orders though. I finally got to try their amber jelly milk tea this time! I've also tried the coconut jelly (WAY TOO SWEET AND OVERPOWERING) milk tea.... I recommend trying the milk tea with pearls or milk tea with pudding or milk tea with grass jelly if you're a first timer. I'm also really confused as to when they allow their customers to try their milk tea. Sometimes they offer customers a sample of their order prior to filling the cups; sometimes they just fill the cups without a further inquiry.I hope they make things more consistent and they work out the kinks in their delivery system because I really want to see this place succeed. I also hope the employees get into the groove of things and become more efficient... I don't really enjoy spending half of my lunch break waiting for my milk tea!With all that said, their milk tea really is very good and their decor is super cute! If you're in downtown and are looking for a refreshing drink, make a stop here! They have fresh fruit smoothies, hot teas, and many choices other than boba. Oh! They also offer stamp cards. Cash only unless you spend $5 or more (then you can use cards).
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,10/22/2014,512,228,13,14,12>Still a five!The Good* Tried the Goat Cheese Sandwich, (new) Chorizo Sandwich, and French Dip Sandwich.... Ummm. AMAZEBALLS, everything. * Goat Cheese, I can be a vegetarian off of this sandwich -- foreal.* (new and spicier) Chorizo Sandwich is delicious. I'm glad Justin (owner and chef) changed the recipe up a bit. I mean I loved it before, but when anything gets spicier... I am ALL for it. Good decision.* French Dip Sandwich... this one is one of it's kind. I am guilty for not having to try MANY french dip sandwiches in my life time, but I trust my tastebuds.. so I say that this sandwich has something new to bring to the usual French Dip Sandwich! The sauce was light and delicious, whereas, the sandwich was meaty and bold. It had some kind of vegetable in it... might have been onions, but I couldn't tell... all I know that it was DELICIOUS. AND AND AND there was spicy mustard... what a great combo. Seriously. Y'all need to try.The Bad* The fact that I don't have the money and stomach space to eat everything that this little sandwich shop has to offer!The Weird* me
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,10/21/2014,221,118,7,15,13>I would eat Fukuya's for breakfast, lunch and dinner if I could. Yum yum yum. Super comforting okazuya food - just like your mother's or your hometown okazuya you knew and loved. The food is always freshly made and has an authentic flavor. If they run out, they always replenish with freshly cooked food from the back. My usuals are:Musubi - shiso, furikake, ume, plain... LOVE THEM ALL.Mochiko ChikenAhi BurgerHot DogThe service is always ehhh and the service is not that friendly, but the food is good so I don't really care. They expect you to know the exact names of everything and know exactly how many items you want or else they get impatient. With no prices shown, you never know how much you're spending on your oishii food! It's usually reasonable, but don't be surprised if you spend $15 on a plate full of goodies. There are a few stalls for parking in front of the store, if not there is street parking and if you're just running in and out I don't see why you couldn't park at Sushi King's parking lot ;) My go -to okazuya! And seriously, I could eat the shiso musubi errrrrday.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,10/20/2014,271,401,6,13,11>I had no idea what I was expecting until I visited the location. I haven't been in the Kakaako area often and I thought I might get lost. Parking, is either street, and I'm assuming the lot besides the location is open for customers to use?From the lot, it's the first small shop, at the corner of the building on Auahi Street. The shop is so adorable, its like a mini plant museum. How could anyone walk out without purchasing anything?! At first I didn't know what was appropriate to touch or which was for sale or not.We were looking for a present to give a co-worker; along with that I wanted to purchase a gift for my dad.Instead of picking a plant that was already pre-made, the worker gave us the option to make our own. Their DIY section is in it's own area with different selections (sand, rocks, bowls, moss, etc.). Prices are labeled, if not the worker will tell you, along with pointing out the different items there are to create your own. I noticed a lot of their decor and other items hidden in their furniture, books and spray bottles.Once we were satisfied with what we made (instagram.com/p/k0ZJibHt…) we walked it to the register where she took it and started wrapping it up since we told her it was a present.Behind the counter there was a table with a lot of things on it. That's where she has her workshops, which will be cleared when there is one scheduled.After walking around, I finally choose a plant that I thought wouldn't be a hassle for my dad to take care of: instagram.com/p/kvcFEhnt…, even though he has a green thumb. She even wrapped it up also. (instagram.com/p/kviF2wHt…)We split the cost of the gift for our co-worker. Payment was made through the iPad she had on the table. We paid for the things we wanted separately. Receipts could be printed or emailed.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,10/19/2014,123,137,9,18,10>Number one rule: make a reservation. Morios only takes reservations for two seatings. 6:00 and 8:30. 5 seats at the sushi bar and maybe 18 seats max on the floor. This is a tiny place and the reservations disappear fast!! BYOB is key. No matter what your drink of choice ... You need to provide your own. Which my hubby and I love (we just run over to the sake shop before we go).  You will see the "regulars" sending drinks the whole time to the staff and to Morio. We always ask for the omakase when we make our reservations. It's reasonable in price ($50/person on average for us but can be different depending on what's picked). You can always order extra stuff but the omakase is super filling.The different times that we have lucked into reservations we have repeatedly been impressed. It's not that the style changes, so much as the change of flavors. There were different fish taht happened to be available that day, that weren't the times before. One of the benefits of omakase is that there is that chance to get something that you haven't tried before. It is wonderful and casual and reasonable. Can't go wrong with that....if only reservations were easier to get, but then again, that is part of the mystique of the place.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,10/18/2014,97,89,9,9,10>Is that building on fire? Oh no it's just Soons Kal-B-Drive-In, you know BBQ'in it up, so Pizza Hut that's right next to them can choke on the smoke, knowing that Korean BBQ is way better then pizza! (Haha I'm kidding Pizza Hut!!) Never heard of this place until my wife drove us here, even though she never ate here before either but told me when she drives bus this side she always sees "smoke" brewing up, so it looked good? (Yeah...I kinda looked at her with a "seriously? this is why we are eating here for dinner? because of smoke?!") but her intentions were good, because they actually had pretty yummy food!BOOM!+ Large portions + ONO Mandoo (large, juicy & fresh)+ Quick & friendly service + Kimchi veggies were on point! (pickled right and delicious!)BOO! - Seating is limited (3 tables, though it was roomy & spacious) - Meat Jun...ahhhh was okay.- No free re-fills - Some prices are steep (but the amount of food makes up for it) Wife ordered a Kalbi plate & it was HUGE! Tasted it, & nothing extravagant, but it was yummy! I ordered the Meat Jun due to the fact I read a lot of reviews on how it was the "best" well that's where my missing star went...the meat jun was okay, there was more batter then meat /: but they were not selfish with the amount, so yay to that! My favorite though would be they're Mandoo! It was like a Mandoo Hulk Style! Very delicious and fulfilling! Would definitely come back & order just a plate of that (comes with 9 pieces) Plus our food came out fast! We waited for about 5 min (or less) and they ended up calling our number! (Thumbs up!) So if your super hungry, and don't mind spending an extra buck or two & get your money's worth, this is the place to go! Probably won't order they're meat jun again, so I'll probably try something else if & when we revisit again (; Happy eats Yelpers!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,10/17/2014,58,48,7,13,10>What do you do when you don't know what to order?  Ask them what is the most popular.  So obviously I asked the sweet ladies behind the counter for their most popular dessert, as well their own personal recommendation.  I ended up with the Crème brulee.  So silky, soft, and sweet, a small slice is the perfect dessert!  As crème brulees are customarily served with hardened caramel on top, my dessert was also given a special fiery but tasty treatment! Nothing like a fancy mini blowtorch to tempt me to give you 5 stars!    I am very impressed with not only the food, but also the store itself! Have I mentioned the location is amazing? It is smack dab in front of the Hawaii theatre.  The flashing marquee from the theatre is so fancy, almost mesmerizing, as I saw people bustling in for some event there on my more recent trip to Cake Envy.  Half the time, I'm thinking about how much rent this location must cost, and then the other half, completely in love with my crème brulee cheesecake.  The interior is just as decadent as the cheesecakes.  Lighting fixtures, paint choices, and the décor seemed to be thoughtfully arranged and coordinated to be a cute and hip place to lounge with your friends. This isn't your standard Cheesecake Factory cheesecake (ie, premade and refrigerated).  Since I feel prices are about the same anyways per slice, I'd pick Cake Envy for their higher quality and amazing location.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,10/16/2014,155,214,17,21,20>Some of you may say...Yeech, you're going to eat ox tails or pig's feet soup?! I will have to differ with you because my Chinese ethnicity had me eating nose-to-tail foods from childhood and living in Hawaii among other Asian groups certainly made these types of foods more available.Kapiolani Coffee Shop has been in business since 1949...before I was born, ahem, not saying how much earlier! Right from its beginnings, locals have known and talked about its oxtail soup and other local diner specialties. The coffee shop had its start in a small space located in the Aloha Motors lot, now the current site for our Hawaii Convention Center. Years later, they moved into a bowling alley where its popularity grew because of the local flavors and accessibility via the alley. When the bowling alley closed, Kapiolani Coffee Shop moved to its current neighborhood location in Waimalu. The menu selections haven't changed very much over the years as they still offer the local plate lunch favorites such as Loco Moco, Sweet n' Sour ribs, chicken, pork or beef cutlets served with brown gravy and of course, their signature Chinese-style oxtail and Okinawan miso pig's feet soups. The oxtail soup is served in a clear broth flavored with star anise, dried citrus skin (I think tangerine), skinless peanuts, ginger, garlic and covered with Chinese parsley (cilantro) and chopped green scallions. The meat is cooked until it is "fall-off-the-bone" tender. Popular condiments are grated ginger root and soy sauce. The portions are generous and now come in small, regular and extra-large bowls. Prices have risen steadily over the years and you may find yourself paying up to $14. But, it's worth its price or even the wait in line for a comforting fill of island Chinese oxtail soup especially on cool evenings or just a late night snack.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,10/15/2014,129,50,5,10,9>It was 7pm & I was starving! Some friends & I decided to try Kan Zaman after hearing & reading such great reviews... And seeing lots of appetizing photos as well. This fine establishment is located in downtown so parking might be an issue if you decide to go on a night like St. Patrick's Day, Mardi Gras, Chinese New Year, etc. Other than that, street, lot, and/or garage parking shouldn't be a problem.We were seated right away & this is what we ordered: 1) Chicken Tajine (braised chicken paired with French fries) - chicken was moist and sauce was tasty and the FRIES!  The fries were these thick cuts of potato fried to perfection (made even yummier when covered in the sauce.. Mmmm)2) Beef Kabab - tender, flavorful, thick cubes of beef3) Chicken Taouk - Absolutely DELISH!  My favorite of the three dishes.  The chicken was flavorful beyond description.  Wasn't sure if I was supposed to eat the chicken with the tahini sauce, but I did (Kinda just eventually had a little bit of everything on my fork & ate it like a beast!) & had no complaints whatsoever.  I definitely want to come back for this dish!Just FYI: The beef kabab & chicken taouk come with rice, tabouleh, hummus, & pita... All of which were delectable.  We cleaned our plates!  Would have licked it clean, but we wanted to be ladies :P4) Mint tea with orange blossom - Very aromatic & a pleasant treat.  Sorta like a cherry on top of a sundae.  Would have ordered dessert if we weren't absolutely stuffed by dinner.  Overall, we were happy with our whole experience:  the service, food, and outdoor seating area put us in a really good mood.  We arrived hungry & left with our bellies poppin', but definitely satisfied!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,10/14/2014,153,70,10,13,15>Bic City Tacos? Big City Tacos? Either way, these bad boys are dee-lish-ish!I can't really say much for inside the establishment as I stayed in the car, but there was tons of parking. Since the kids were sleeping my husband offered to run in and order. He was a little hesitant because whenever he asks what i want and i answer him with "whatever you decide". He knows it is NOT whatever he decides. lol. As he walked away I could tell he was irritated, so I jumped on Yelp and looked through the pics hoping that someone had taken a picture of the menu. Thankfully someone did and I was able to text him what I wanted. Burrito with everything minus the beans, add guacamole... and this is where I left it up to him.... Chicken or Carne Asada. I dont ever eat carne asada, but the picture that Coty Y. posted on IG made it look so damn appealing that I wanted to try it. He came back with the chicken for me and the carne asada for himself. When he handed me the bags I had to ask him how many he bought because it was HEAVY. I kid you not, 1 burrito felt like it was easily 2-3lbs. It was love at first bite. Seriously, this has got to be the best burrito I've had in a while. All the flavors were there, the chicken was cooked perfectly, the veggies were roasted to perfection. The mild sauce still had a teency bit of spice, yet full of flavor. It felt like a mexican party in my mouth! lol. We only ordered 2 burritos and it came out to like $18... I believe the guacamole was extra. But it was worth every penny. Even my picky monster of a 2 year old liked it. He woke up as I was midway into it and asked for some. Good to know that we can come here again and not have to go someplace else for him. We will definitely be back.. tomorrow.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,10/13/2014,350,75,4,10,8>Yaaaaay! A tasty Korean yakiniku place right down the street from my boyfriends house! How exciting!Dined at this little place by Ice Palace just yesterday evening. My bf's roomie and girlfriend wanted to go watch the hockey game at the ice rink, so we decided to grab dinner first. Apparently he had been holding out on me, because he already knew all about it!I've been to a Camellia's before over on McCully and did NOT have a nice experience there, but it wasn't enough to deter me from giving this place a try. Super glad I did, because they are great! I found out they aren't owned by the same people who own the McCully Camellia's Buffet, which would explain the different options on the line. Had a very good selection of hot meals as well as all the usual Korean yakiniku meats. All you can eat for $25, so it's definitely a reasonable price. I was very impressed with all the different banchan on the buffet and even more happy when I asked for tea and they brought me bodicha- the Korean barley/corn tea my grandma used to make for me as a kid! They even had salad and fresh fruit, and to fully round out your meal, different dessert options like this fruity flavored soft serve ice cream and pureed azuki beans with mochi balls in it (super yummy!). My only let down was their shikye- a sweet korean rice drink you usually partake in at the end of the meal. Tasted a little funny and like it had been sitting out awhile, which was sad because I LOVE shikye! T_T  Other than that, my tummy was very happy last night, and the service was on point, despite coming in near closing time. Very happy with Stadium Camellia, so we will definitely be back!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,10/12/2014,398,96,8,17,12>You always want what you can't have. Being born with curls, I wanted straight hair. K's has helped me achieve exactly that for the past four years and counting!K's is a Japanese salon. The staff are all native Japanese speakers, and most of the clientele is Japanese-speaking, as well. I'm Filipino, but a Japanese family friend recommended K's to me when I was looking to get a Japanese straight perm. She said she'd been straight perming her hair here for the past decade, which gave me confidence in trying this new salon.The salon was very spacious and trendy, and everything was impeccably clean. The staff was very polite and courteous. Despite their limited English, I had no problems communicating with them about the services I wanted.Japanese straight perms take around three to four hours. The entire process roughly entails hair washing, chemical hair relaxer application, sitting under a heater, hair washing, hair straightening, chemical hair sealing application, hair washing, and final blow drying. A lot of time and care goes into straightening every part of my hair well, which I highly appreciate. Hair care afterwards includes not washing for two days and avoiding hair ties or pins for a week. The hair is very impressionable during this time, so be sure to avoid any bends or creases in your hair lest they become permanent.Full Japanese straight perms are about $200 while touch-ups are about $150. When I went in for a touch-up after seven months, I was charged $180 since I had a lot of hair growth that wasn't quite a simple touch-up. They also have loyalty cards with stamps given for dollars spent. The cost of a Japanese straight perm is about enough to earn a $10 discount off your next visit.I can't speak to the hair cuts here, but I definitely recommend their straight perms.  What better place to get a Japanese straight perm than a Japanese salon? The process is quicker and cheaper compared to other salons I've been to, and the results are fantastic. I get sleek and manageable straight hair right out of the shower. I'll definitely be back for touch-ups!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,10/11/2014,102,226,7,10,7>Manoa Falls was a really nice hike.  It was pretty brief and guess what?  It's not muddy!  They have been  placing gravel throughout the trail so it is no longer as muddy as it once was.  I have always been forewarned that this hike is super muddy and I should wear shoes that I don't care about, but I arrived at the waterfall with clean shoes :)You should definitely wear some bug spray because there are lots of bugs.  It is also shaded the whole way which makes it nice any time of day.  The hike is beautiful because it has beautiful greenery.  The trees are huge, and the rest of the hike is so lush and gorgeous with tons of shades of different shades of green.  There are plenty of gorgeous photo ops just on the way up to the falls.  We got lucky with the waterfall too!  There was plenty of water falling because it had been raining the week before our hike.  It was so beautiful.  We also noticed some people had made it to the top of the falls.  I don't know how they did it, but I will have to reserve that adventure for the next time we hike Manoa Falls.We didn't bring our dog because I am terrified of lepto, but there were plenty of doggies on the hike.  I will also say that we saw one guy swimming in the pool at the bottom of the falls and another guy drinking the water....YUCK!  People are crazy.  I am so scared of lepto, so I refuse to do either of those things, but hey....do you.  I saw a few rats running around too, so that further confirmed my fear of lepto.  I might bring my puppy with us the next time we do the hike because it was pretty dry.We arrived to the end of the of the hike and saw the sign for Aihualama Trail...what a huge mistake. Hahaha...we were feeling adventurous, but we should not have done it.  Taking this trail turned our 1.5 hour hike to Manoa Falls into a five-hour hike.  It was not scenic, it was super muddy and I left with tons of scratches from the shrubbery.  I will write a separate review for this one, but I would not do Aihualama Trail again.  Manoa Falls though....was beautiful!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,10/10/2014,152,207,4,12,8>So this place was mindblowing. I dont know that I have ever experienced a meal that literally made me happy with every single bite I took. I'm not a huge fan of pork but I would eat it every day if I could eat it here. I had walked past the restaurant at some random hour having not been on that side of hotel street in quite some time, there were people gathered in there, which turns out was their family and friends night, but my friends and I decided to venture in on First Friday to see what it was all about. We chose to sit at the bar and grab a drink and decide what the plan was and boy am I glad that we decided to just keep ourselves there. For having been open such a short amount of time (1 week) the bartenders pretty much had the entire menu memorized. T was our bartender for the evening and she poured some very delicious drinks that were good on alcohol content and light at the same time. The food, oh my goodness, the food. -The crepe mole was so so so flavorful and delicious, all the flavors and textures really melded well together. -The Frisse salad with poached egg and house smoked bacon was perfectly seasoned with dressing and the bacon was superb-Empanadas- Oh geeze the hot sauce, thats what made these empanadas really pop. -Cassoulet w/ pork and chicharon- This is really where my mind started to explode with joy about the food. The soup was light, flavorful, and the chicharon made it really magical.-There was this sampler platter type thing that had house cured ham, pork pate, house made mustard, pickled onions, pickles, cilantro, duck pate. **please note I dont remember the name of this platter or the names of each item on it** but that doesnt matter because it was all amazing. It was served with a side of sliced baguette.-Homemade dark chocolate and vanilla ice cream- The dark chocolate was a little rich for me but still super amazing, and the vanilla was so light and creamy. With the food, the drinks, and the staff, this place really threw me for a loop. It's not your average find in Chinatown thats for sure. I will definitely be coming here again.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,10/9/2014,284,46,9,18,8>I didn't even know this place existed until my mother's bag needed mending and my boyfriend's mom told me about this little shop. This little shop is located in the newly renovated Kapalama shopping center. Since I love to talk about parking in all my reviews, yes, there are tons of parking spaces here! You get a parking space! You get a parking space! You get a parking space! Everybody gets a parking space! (As Oprah said)My mother's Coach bag handles had started to tear at the base of the bag and she knew that if she used it any longer, she'd be out one day holding only the handles of the bag, so I brought it to Kapalama Shoe Repair. The store specializes in repairing leather goods and shoes. You can also have your keys copied here as well. Upon entering the little shop, I see pairs of shoes (not new, mind you) lined up on a shelf. Surprisingly, there was no toe jam smell in there. You get a star! The only worker there was an elderly man who greeted me and I showed him what I wanted to have repaired. He told me the procedures in repairing the bag and I paid $15 upfront to have all handles repaired. I was given a card to come pick up the bag within less than a week.I picked up the bag after a week and my mother couldn't be more pleased. He did a wonderful job and I'm pretty certain he can now make Coach bags on his own. If he does, I'm buying from him!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,10/8/2014,487,140,7,13,12>Yum! I really enjoyed my experience here. The Asuka Classic soup base was delicious. I normally like spicier broths, and will try theirs on my next visit, but this one was full of flavor. The ribeye that we ordered was freaking  delicious! So tender, just melted in my mouth. I'm a sauce girl and absolutely loved their ginger and ponzu sauces. I love that they have on the table ready to go, along with grated daikon. These things in itself are a perfect meal for me: )My friends and I went during lunchtime and were seated right away. Service was great. BYOB is an added bonus on top of the delicious food. Please don't compare this to a certain hot pot place. They are 2 completely different animals.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,10/7/2014,253,278,4,14,9>New ride? Time to arm that baby! I called Security & Sound Systems - they were booked 3 weeks out! I called Race Factory - sorry, we only have one alarm system we install and it happens to be the most expensive Viper alarm.Yeah, no.So, I called up Car Audio Tech. They told me to come down and they'd go over the different options. Options...yes, I like having options! The owner explained the basic alarm system, the 2-way, and the most expensive (2 way + remote start). I don't need remote start but I asked him about a cool feature I heard...kill starter. Basically, if someone manages to start your car, you can send a signal that will kill the engine. Sounds cool, right? Wrong! He explained that a lot of drivers encounter problems with the feature (I googled it..there's a lot!) and end up not being able to start their car. He recommended the 2 way because the remote features an LCD screen that shows you what part of your car is activating the alarm (I'm a tech nerd. I like this.) and it sounds off.  As long as you're within range, you will be notified if your car alarm goes off. How do you know you're in range? There's a little icon on the screen that flickers when it's sending and receiving signals. As a tech nerd, I approve. I bought.Scheduled my appointment and 2 days later, I had my car alarm installed.When you pick up, they briefly go over how it works.  If it's too sensitive, you can bring it back within a week to get it adjusted.I waited 3 weeks before writing this so I could make sure I was satisfied.I'm more than satisfied. Great customer service. Quick turnaround. Fair price.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,10/6/2014,156,136,14,11,9>Is the Thai food at Sala Thai worth all the stares from or getting hit on by middle-aged odd-looking men?  Is the Thai food here worth the possible encounter by a scruffy long-haired drunk?Is the food here worth getting mistaken for a buy-me drinky girl?YES!  It's truly that good.  I must be out of my mind or just craving superior Thai food.  The pad thai and pad ki mao with medium spice level gives just the right kick of heat to get my nostrils stimulated.  It's great with an ice cold beer.  The spring rolls are served crispy and packed with flavor.  The curry dishes are one of the best on the island.  On top of all this talk about great food, the prices are equally good news.  Around $8 an appetizer and about $12 for entree dishes.I try to head over during the day for happy hour and when the service is fastest.  You only need $20 to make me a happy girl at a divy bar.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,10/5/2014,78,98,8,7,9>The literal meaning of dim sum is "touch the heart."  Little dishes served as snacks to touch the heart and content the tummy.  Dim sum has always been the go to place my father used to take the family.  Between a late morning and early afternoon delight, drinking tea while catching up with the ongoings of our lives.  Dim sum always takes me back to those good old "happy days".  It bring nostalgic feelings while dipping my shumai into soy sauce, and seeing middle-aged Chinese ladies push steaming carts full of delicious dumplings and noodles.Happy Days is known to be THE best place to eat dim sum.  Even my mama says so!  I can honestly say that the items here do taste a lot fresher.  Mama always said  "busy good, always make fresh dim sum" and she is right about that.  Their seasoned tripe is yummy and not overcooked.  My BF is a fan of the Chinese spareribs and I love "ha kau" (shrimp dumpling).The prices are average ranging from $2 to $5 a plate.  If ordering from the menu it can be from $10 to $25 depending on what you get.  I like their salt and pepper pork chops, so simple yet so flavorful.  It also comes with garlic chips as garnish! Yum!One thing, I do frown upon is the table setting.  It is too close to each other, turning the place into a maze, figuring out how to get to your seat and getting out!  But nonetheless, you will leave with a happy tummy and a touch of a good hearty Chinese meal.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,10/4/2014,173,39,15,11,9>ONLY PEOPLE WITH BIG MOUTHS, BIG APPETITES, AND BIG THROATS NEED ONLY TO COME HERE!!! HUGE MEAT!!!  This place could risk as a personal health hazard if one doesn't meet 3/3 of the requirements stated above.  You've been officially warned.First of all parking sucks.  In a state of being hangry (the feeling of being hungry & angry simultaneously due to being hungry) I had to park illegally (again) partially on the pedestrian cross-walk on a Sunday right in front of the cafe.  So I was feeling a bit dare devilish.  A thousand apologies to the DOT, not.  Or to avoid worry, park at Zippy's, or at the banks across the street, or at the lots adjacent to the place.  Then take a nice short romantic stroll in the beautiful neighborhood of Kalihi!  YAY!  Where everyone wants to know your name, social security number, and ATM pin code.This place is a hole's hole, in a wall, within a wall . . . and I loves it.  Easily undetectable if one is ignorant enough to not want to know it.  The place has a "Ma and Pa" feel to it and is decorated as if the owner knew his food would speak for itself.  And it does.  We walk-in and the place is seating people whom are already visibly enjoying their packed plate lunches.  I recall seeing a guy demolishing a plate of HUGE crab legs, not giving a f**k about life at the moment . . . just in a state of bliss with a mouthful of crabs.  I envied.The owner Ray, is a one man army for realsies (considering the quality control of his products and that he was working alone on this day).  He's talking story with eaters and laxingly sits us down as soon as we step in all bewildered by the chaotic menus plastered in any which way.  My neck got sore trying to keep track of them all.  We immediately order the prime rib and pork chops (thank you Instagram hype) and were told that it'll prob be a 15 min wait.  We do it eagerly.  As soon as our food is served we race on home and open the lid on the plates . . . and let me tell you buddy friend, I've never been so happy to see a plate of  animal in front of my face.  The portions are humungoid!!!  The porkchops and prime rib are thicker than my ass cheeks and cooked to perfection unlike my ass cheeks.  The meat was super duper moist and juicy in my mouth  (no homo).  It took the entire day to finish the plates, literally.What you read on the menu is what you get, but magnified in portion.  The prices are more than affordable, so no need to sell your body on the streets.  When I'm in my death bed, I'm considering the prime rib plate from Ray's Cafe to be my last request meal on the reals.FIN.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,10/3/2014,229,163,7,8,7>Cheaper than most natural pet food stores.Street parking only.  Most of the time, the space right in front is open.  This store is super small so most of the time, you're in and out in less than 3 minutes.  I usually by the naturally kitty litter here and the guy never lets me carry it out on my own. He puts it in my trunk for me... so sweet the guy ah? By the way, this natural litter thing is amaze-balls!  It doesn't have those tiny little grains that get stuck between the kittys toes as she steps out of the litter box and all over the ground.........plus it helps with the ammonia smell too.  My kitty has been throwing up lately so I came her to find a healthier/natural type of food.  I'm still trying to find the right dry food for her (she's picky).  However, she LOVES the Premium Fussie Cat can food in tuna/chicken. She pounds that thing and licks the bowl clean!If you're a pet lover, this is the place to buy their stuff!  One more thing, they only accept cash or check only.  That's probably why they can keep their prices down low :)
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,10/2/2014,77,170,10,9,10>Disclaimer: I have not tried any other go-cart places in HNL, so don't read this unless you're on my level.The workers here are awesome.  They are personable and really helpful.  If you're reading my review and are anticipating checking this place out, please be sure to check livingsocial or Groupon for deals first as the prices may be a little steep.  Each race is about $20; with the yearly membership, it is $13.  The membership costs around $40.  The rock climbing is about $10.  For $50, I was able to race twice, rock climb twice, and get a large pizza.The way that the race works is that you sign up with your team in the middle table, and they call for you when they are ready.  For me, I raced with my coworkers, so there were 5 of us on the track at that one time.  The track is small and I wouldn't count on trying to pass the person in front of me.  The Tag Heuer timing system records your every lap and posts your fastest lap on the big screens.  When you're done racing, you return to the center counter where they'll give you a printed sheet of your lap times along with every one else's fastest times of the day.  On the big screens, it'll alternate between the fastest times ever and the fastest times of the day.  If you're a little into yourself like myself, come early in the morning so your name's guaranteed to be on the big screens (don't forget to take a picture).What I learned through my experience is that you shouldn't race with your girlfriend and your two other guy friends if you're trying to beat records.  You will lap the shit out of her and more often than not, your attempts to pass her will be difficult at best.  There will be workers on the track waving colored flags at her to move to the side, but chances are, she'd be too flustered to understand and will slow down in the middle of the lane in that awkward position that girls somehow end up getting themselves into when behind a wheel. I guess what I'm trying to say that if you're trying to compete for the best time, you should wait until all the cars pass you a decent distance, and then go.  I guess that's just one way to make the most out of that $20 for 8 minutes of racing.The rock climbing thing is scary as fuh.  Some rocks aren't screwed in all the way to the point where you can spin them on their damn axles.  Also, if the maximum number of people (I think 4) are on the rock, you'll either pee your pants from too much fun or too much fear depending on how you like the combination of heights and grabbing onto spinning rocks for dear life on a rock that is located on what feels like two colliding tectonic plates.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2014,10/1/2014,280,265,6,12,12>If I counted sit down Mexican restaurants in Hawaii (I'm not talking about Taco Bell), I would be finished before I get to all the fingers on one hand.  Hawaii is SERIOUSLY lacking in Mexican places.  Where's a girl to get a decent burrito around here?  If you are planning on opening a restaurant in Hawaii, I'd strongly suggest Mexican as it is the least saturated market. So when a new Mexican place opens, I'm totally there.  This time it was even before the grand opening (feeling pretty hip right about now).  The best part about this place is the space.  IT IS AMAZING.  You take a beautifully decorated elevator to this restaurant, so you start up a few floors which adds to the ambiance.  It's a rooftop space (which  means it is super open) with great smaller cluster areas for groups to gather.  There's a long bar section on one side.  Just sitting here makes you feel like you are on vacation and the bustle of the city is far, far away.  Along with your troubles.  However, the food is just alright.  I got the chicken quesdillas which had peppers, chicken and cheese.  For about $12 I got 4-5 pieces which I suppose isn't the best value out there but hey, it's Waiks, right?  The best part was the cheese-it was really quite yummy but the rest of it wasn't anything bueno.  I didn't even finish it :)I suspect this place will still do well as the Mexican competition is non-existent, it's still waiting for competitors to join the heat (especially in Waikiki).  But I would still suggest checking out the space, maybe pull up a seat at the bar and taking in the fresh air above the city skyline.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,9/30/2014,380,335,8,10,14>To put it in the words of youngins these days, "DAT CUSTARD DOE." Krysten I. and I had just finished eating at the Pig and Lady but after scoring FREE PARKING (omg) I needed to make full use of this fortuitous event. FINALLY I COULD CHECK OUT ICE FOREST... it's one of those places you have on your bookmarks for forever and things just keep getting in the way of you making it there. It shares a space with a small convenience store. Random, but charming nonetheless. Thanks Nicole K., our resident downtown expert for showing us the way. Then you look at the menu and you might have a heart attack because there are just so many choices. You can pick the pre-designed combos, or build off around the toppings you want and make your own. Obviously since I'm basically in love with the custard from Ice Garden, I knew I HAD to get it here. We got the #11 which is custard + mochi balls, added on condensed milk, and picked green tea as our flavor (you can pick two flavors). Green tea is an extra $0.50 BTW. But who cares because I looooooooove the custard. The golden mound of creamy goodness is just wonderful. The kind man working (the owner) arranged our shave ice ever so nicely. Please just look at my picture, it's basically like art. The mochi balls are perfect chewiness, the condensed milk piled on thick! I love their policy-- they will add extra syrup if there is any sign of naked white ice showing, no charge. On the flip side, if you're just left with what is basically a pile of sugar water, they'll add more ice! AWESOME. The owner is so nice! Krysten and I split our shave ice and it was more than enough. That's why they can justify their higher price tag for shave ice. You'll probably end up paying at least $5-6 that's why. Yes, there isn't really a place to sit, but that seems to be a common theme across shave ice places in Hawaii. I heard that this place was related to Ice Garden in Aiea, which I also love... I'm sorry but I think this is even better than Ice Garden because you have a lot more flexibility and choices. Also the portion seems way bigger for similar pricing! Only downside is limited parking. But it was my lucky day and I found a spot so of course I had to celebrate.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,9/29/2014,119,142,10,17,14>Look out, Kaimuki!! There's a new kid in town.The Curb Kaimuki has been a working progress kinda on the down low. A project where if you weren't someone within, owner, Sumner Ohye's little Curbie circle, you probably wouldn't have known about it til it opened.  Well, the day is here...and they are located in between 10th and 11th ave., right by 7-11. "You know, there's a bunch of good food in Kaimuki. Let them do their thing and we just want to be the good coffee in Kaimuki." -- @jameswhodrinkscoffee, barista at the Curb. My honest opinion, The Curb Kaimuki is not just good coffee...they are probably the BEST coffee in Kaimuki right now. Not only does every single barista know & love their coffee & are willing to share such knowledge, they are also bringing sexy back in the form of a shiny new, very very cool modbar!! The new Curb is 232 square feet of coffee goodness.  This is not your typical coffee shop, however...I personally like to think of it as the Curb's secret mad science lab. The place where all the Curbies go to experiment and come up with new ideas. I remember a few years ago, in a text message I sent to a friend, "the Curb" somehow got autocorrected to "world domination". Perhaps this is just the beginning of that...but, nevertheless it's a small step into the right direction of growing the "Curb" brand. :)
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,9/28/2014,210,202,8,12,8>I love celebrations!  Especially ones with food so when Arancino at The Kahala brought in A5 Miyazaki Premium Wagyu Beef to celebrate their one-year anniversary, I focused all my energies on how I was going to be a part of that experience.  Just so you know, the A5 Miyazaki Wagyu Beef is a premium delicacy that is ranked the highest quality of beef in Japan and a very rare find in Hawaii.  It is from the Miyazaki Prefecture of Japan, which is known for producing the best beef in the world.   Need I say more?  It didn't take much convincing to cancel existing reservations with a friend and bring her to try this amazing delicacy.  We started our lovely meal with some signature cocktails, a kahuku corn cream amuse-bouche and the Arancini, lightly fried risotto balls with foie gras and white truffle parmesan.  Everything was amazing.  Equally excellent was the very rich lobster bisque with claw meat.  Then came the pivotal moment we were waiting for, the Bistecca all Lavanda, lavender infused sous vide in A5 Miyazaki Wagyu filet with arugula, petite potato and onion petals.  It's served medium, cooked through.  It was hands down, the best filet I had in my entire life.  And I eat a lot of filet mignon.  It was almost melt in your mouth and the marbling in the meat was just indescribable.  You will be amazed.   I've since then cancelled my birthday dinner at a popular steakhouse just because I cannot imagine eating any other kind of steak and want to keep that extraordinary memory locked in my taste buds forever.  So for my birthday, I plan to eat fish.  We ended our incredible meal with coffee and desserts, a tiramisu and the torta al cioccolato, a beautiful dark chocolate torte with kumquat compote.  From start to finish, it was easily the best meal I had ever experienced and of course the service was above and beyond.  Definitely recommend eating at this beautiful restaurant with both indoor and outdoor seating.If you are celebrating a special occasion, be sure to let the staff know.  They will give you a box of their housemade macarons, the best I have had in Hawaii!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,9/27/2014,103,42,9,9,11>Nana's Deli can do no wrong...exemplary food and service standards are satisfied here.  This hidden gem is located in the small food court of the Topa Financial Center.  When I worked in Downtown, my boss would take his office staff here frequently because he and his wife were addicted to the lunch items and did their best to support small local businesses.  As a regular customer, I was able to interact with the owner a few times, and I found her to be a very sweet lady.  I am grateful for her hard work and for serving one of the best salads in the world....CHIPOTLE CHICKEN SALAD!!!!   I miss their salad sooooo much.  You have no idea, especially on a hot summer's day.  I can just picture it now... a bed of crispy cold Romain lettuce, plump juicy tomatoes, and shredded carrots.  Placed on the medley of fresh veggies is a mound of rich and creamy chipotle chicken that delivers a kick that will awaken your tastebuds. On the side awaits a thick sweet honey mustard dressing that perfectly complements the chipotle chicken and binds all the counterparts into a divine combination that will blow your mind.  This dressing needs to be packaged and sold in every supermarket.  I would stock up like no other.  Lastly, there is the pesto pasta - the added bonus.  This pasta is savory and adds balance to the salad because it is the only starch that is provided.Caution:  The pesto pasta will give you killer breath.  So, if you are on a mission to scare your client or terminate a business deal, this will do.  Total. deal. breaker. Bottom line:  As a local resident and Yelper, I also believe supporting local businesses is important.  Nana's Deli provides great service and scrumptious food, and it would be a shame if this place ever shut down.  However, as a regular customer last year, I believe this place is far from shutting down because it was always busy.  If you are on a casual date with friends in downtown, I strongly recommend this place.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,9/26/2014,1750,731,21,29,26>After just one experience, Yakiniku LuLuRaRa has shot up to my number one Korean yakiniku restaurant.  #bargoneyakiniku  #heyitcouldhappenWhat we ordered:AHNCHANG ($23.99) - Seasoned inner part of rib / jumool-luk / jumulleok.  It was friggin' fantastic -- perfectly tender, not overly seasoned, and still really flavorful!  I will probably order this every time.KALBI / GALBI ($23.99) - Not the "local-style" drenched-in-oversweetened-marinade kind of kalbi.  This is more like a Korean-style kalbi made with a light marinade, and seasoned with salt and pepper.  I don't think I can do the "local-style" kalbi anymore bc this was kinda great!USEOL / BEEF TONGUE ($19.99) - Tongue is always good, especially with lemon juice.  And what was great about this tongue was the cut!  I liked that it was on the thicker side.  :)#meatlover"Sarah" is the owner and she was our server / cook.  She grilled our meat and provided great conversation and entertainment.  She is really playful and I loved that about her.  I promised I'd return, so that's what I will do!  I already have plans for this coming week.  My recommendations: . If you like jumool-luk, order the Ahnchang. . Try the Kalbi bc it's different from most others. . Make a reservation if going at prime dinner time (just in case).  They're closed on Tuesdays, but open 11A-10P every other day. . Have some chumchurum and dine with awesome friends.VERDICTI'm really glad that this place decided to hang up its after-hours-drinking-spot hat and decided to go yakiniku.  If this place had transformed years ago, I probably would have been an already established regular.It's really no secret -- I absolutely LOVE this place!  I am now a devout fan and will become a regular Yakiniku LuLuRaRa patron.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,9/25/2014,106,63,22,12,12>Four things:1) Let it be known that it is impossible to eat a sandwich in a delicate, lady-like manner - especially when you're eating a sandwich as delicious and fresh as the ones at Sprout. You will try to be polite and dainty, but it will be impossible. Be prepared for some seriously ugly sandwich face.2) The only seating available at Sprout is at the counter, facing a giant window. If you sit at this counter, you must throw away your fear of being caught with ugly sandwich face, because it is inevitable. People will walk past the window at which you sit, and you will make eye contact with said people just as your ugly sandwich face is at its worst. It will be awkward. It will be weird.3) Because Sprout is brand new, and because no one can resist a delicious sammie called the Sproutwich, The Fonz, or The Yogi, this tiny little shop will get busy during lunch time. Thus, not only will you be dodging awkward glances with passerbyers outside, you'll also be rubbing shoulders with all the other ugly sandwich face customers. 4) Somehow, as soon as you walk into Sprout Sandwich Shop, all these first three things won't even matter. You'll be greeted by friendly faces and the smell of bread. You'll love the decor, fun sandwich names, and delicious ingredients. Most of all, though, you'll be extremely satisfied and happy with your fresh and yummy sandwich.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,9/24/2014,133,177,6,9,8>Till this day I don't understand why don't they spell the way they pronounce it like Pha instead of Pho???  You say tomatoes I say tomatoes... or was it how I spell tomatoes... oh never mind.My fiance and I love coming here when it is cold or when we feel a little under the weather. A nice hot bowl of pho does the body good. The noodles are the traditional type you find at other places but their broth is always made fresh. They have the hoisin as well as sriracha out on the table. They also have some hidden gems in the fridge, you just have to ask for the paste and they will bring it out for you. I do have to warn you that you may want to try just a little as they do have a kick if you're not used to it. Besides pho (#15, 19, 22, and #25) I have tried their spring rolls, crispy fried egg noodles #33 and their BBQ Boneless Chicken #53 and they are all winners. The staff is very friendly and humble. Always there to give us more water, napkins, etc. If you can't find street parking you can park in the lot behind Pizza Hut.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,9/23/2014,304,150,5,9,9>Ok I know she's gotten some mixed reviews but I honestly love these Acai bowls!  I've tried both the acai and pitaya and I do like the acai better.  I'll admit, I have had better acai but what makes this bowl unique is definitely the cookie dough...amazing idea!  I've had eggless cookie dough before where it tastes grainy but she does a great job with the cookie dough's texture.  The cookie balls have chocolate chips in them which made them even more delicious and they also have the "stuffed strawberry" which was a strawberry attached to cookie dough and I believe there's white chocolate and maybe condensed milk inside?  I dunno I never asked, just took the advice of the guy in front of us and yes it was delicious.  Kind of expensive though at $1 for one strawberry :/...  I do love the variety of fruits they put on the bowl; I've gotten different fruits the two different times I went I went but generally we see things things like strawberries, kiwis, blueberries, grapes, pineapple, melon, and even watermelon.  I never thought I would love the combination of watermelon on an acai bowl!So yes the wait is long and the sun is freaking hot over there but I think it's worth it.  I will admit though that the wait time to guests in line ratio is a bit on the high side.  We got there about 20 mins before they opened and I'd say there were about 15-20 guests ahead of us and it took them about 40 minutes to get through those customers ahead of us.  It seemed a bit slow.  I do hope that she can come up with a more efficient system to speed up the process because I would come here way more often if they wait wasn't always so long!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,9/22/2014,135,226,7,11,10>I was hunting for some cheap but delicious lunch in Kakaako, and Yelpers didn't steer me wrong!It was a little hard to find, so my advice is to go to Ward Warehouse, find Honolulu cookie co (let's face it, we all know where that is, those free cookie samples bring all the boys to the yard), and then cross the parking lot and it's in that little alcove with the tables and chairs. I chose this place over all others since everyone kept commenting about their free banana tapioca pudding.  AS THEY SHOULD.  It's delicious! I hate imitation banana flavor, it's such a horrendous injustice to one of my favorite fruits that it makes my tastebuds crawl. But this pudding had fresh bananas and none of that abominable fake fruit flavor. Yum!I got their lemongrass chicken vermicelli noodle bowl, and for $7.50 it's enough to last you two meals, or one if you're having a healthy appetite kinda day. It's made to order, with a salad containing tons of fresh carrots, lettuce, cucumbers, bean sprouts, and Thai basil. Their cucumbers were especially delicious-super fresh, super crunchy, super sweet. I guess lemongrass chicken comes in many different varieties though, this one actually tasted a bit reminiscent of chicken tikka masala, with the hint of spices that they used. It was also quite saucy (helloooo), which I haven't experienced before. Nevertheless, it was tasty and fresh, and the portion for the price makes my grad student budget happy.And let's not forget the wonderful pudding! So good!I also love that they have little containers for the sauces they keep on the side - sriracha, their own chili sauce (watch out, it's hot!), shoyu, and even peanuts!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,9/21/2014,258,111,1,17,8>YAY!! This is another treasure of a hike I'm adding to my repertoire!! I had to bounce around the internet gathering all the deets on this hike so to give back to my beloved yelp community, here is all the info you need packaged neatly and tied up in a pretty bow :)Why this trail rocks:-The pay off isn't until the very end but oh.my.gorgeous you see all of Kaneohe Bay and its sandbars and up towards Chinaman's hat!!-Trail is mostly shaded-Trail paths are clear and easy to see-You come upon 2 WWII bunkers that are dug into the mountain. Cool!! (A yelper mentioned a homeless person living in there and anyway, they looked a bit dingy to me so I'm not sure I would venture in....)-It's one of the shorter hikes on Oahu-Not well known so you'll probably get the view all to yourself *tapping fingers* We didn't see a soul when we were there-When you're done you can reward yourself with a Mcdee's ice cream cone! Or an iced coffee! Or mighty wings!! Or all of the above!! :D:D:DTo note:-This trail is mostly incline all the way up with a couple dips here and there. Then you go down the way you came-This trail took us about 1.5 hrs for a fair paced walk with no stops and time to just hang out on the bunkers. We are fairly experienced hikers so I'd say 2-3 hours for novice hikers or if it's been raining and the trail is muddy-People say it's safe for everyone but I honestly wouldn't bring my parents here. I've taken them on Diamondhead and the Pillbox hike and they were just peachy. This hike is just a bit too steep with a rope section (not for climbing but for stability since it's kinda steep and very slippery). It's pretty ok going up but going downwards could be tricky for older/younger/novice hikers, espec since the beginning of the trail was muddy-It's compared to Lanikai Pillbox Hike a lot. The similarities: 2 WWII bunkers, steep climb to the stop, GORGEOUS views. The differences: This hike is shaded, and it's longer and more strenuous. Also the reward is truly saved til the very end, not like at Lanikai where you're enjoying it the whole climb.To bring:-A bottle of water-Hiking shoes since it's steep/slippery at some spots-CameraDirections:-Google map it to Valley of the Temples in Kaneohe, HI-As you come upon the Valley of the Temples, you'll see that across the 83 Hwy is a Mcdonalds. Turn towards it onto Hui Iwa St.-Park on either side of the road, but be mindful of the signs-Walk back towards the 83 Hwy-Turn left onto the 83 Hwy and walk along the metal road barrier. Even though there is a shoulder on the road, be safe and try to stay as close to the barrier as possible.-Right when the barrier ends is a fence that has a "Private Property" sign. To the left of this fence is a yellow pole marker and that is the start of the trail-When you get to the top of the initial incline, there are a couple directional choices. GO LEFT.-There are pink markers all along but whenever there are forks in the trail, pick the one that looks the most treaded upon. Make sure you're generally headed up and north.-The Pu'u Ma'eli'eli sign is at the end right before the WWII Bunkers. The view is at the 2nd bunker. ENJOY!!!!!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,9/20/2014,431,169,5,9,9>The five star rating is solely for the Hand-Pulled Mozzerella Caprese Sandwich. Caprese is one of my favorite dishes and I always get excited to see it on any menu. I don't think a day goes by without having at least one lingering thought to run out and grab a B&B Caprese sandwich. Unlike most sandwiches, it isn't messy. I am a rather odd duck and the thought of getting oily pesto sauce on my hands is just downright repulsive. I usually stay away from sandwiches altogether, but B&B has mastered the perfect sandwich for their the finicky crowd. I also appreciate that their sandwiches are sliced in half, providing two perfect mini meals.Although I am HUGE fan of their sandwiches, I wasn't too keen on their salads. I had their Grilled Chicken salad and was not impressed. The chicken breast was airplane-food dry and the rest of the salad was just as bland. I had no idea what was in the dressing. Lemon and olive oil? Why? The greens were fresh. Maybe I just had a bad salad? The sub par salad wasn't enough to deter me. Whenever I don't bring lunch to work, B&B is always an enticing option. The staff is wonderful, very nice vibe.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,9/19/2014,184,127,11,25,24>Afternoon tea for two, please! I love that tea is becoming more popular on Oahu. This tea room is tucked away in the back of Na Mea at the Ward Ave end of Ward Warehouse (by the escalators under Spags). They do take walk-ins, but I would recommend reservations to ensure seating. This is the perfect place to talk story with galpals over a cup of tea and desserts.There is a menu of teas available, but the easiest way to choose is to smell them in glass jars by the entrance. The teas are fragrant and of high quality. The staff are extremely friendly and can answer any questions about the teas.My friend and I had tea for two, which included 2 pots of tea (we chose "With Open Eyes" and "Passionfruit Oolong"), macarons (green tea + red velvet), chocolate cake, lemon scones with various jams and jellies, chicken sandwiches, cucumber and tomato sandwiches (vegetarian request), bacon muffin, and salmon/sea asparagus/cream cheese on crackers. If you have specific dietary requests (i.e. gluten-free, vegetarian, vegan), it is recommended to mention them when making reservations.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,9/18/2014,119,74,12,17,15>Disclaimer: I am not a wine connoisseur, but have a mild case of oenophilia.   I love drinking different types of red wine while studying and reading boring case studies and articles.    This review is most applicable to college students like me who want to drink an affordable bottle (glass?) of wine after a long day of school and work.  Wine Stop is located on South King street, providing various types of wine (cheap/expensive, red/white, sake, etc.).  I tend to buy the lower-priced bottles of red wine which are located in the front-left side of the store.  As stated above, I have no expertise in wine... at all.  My duchess status means nothing -- I still don't know the difference between a Merlot and a Cabernet.  My strategy in selecting wine is to pick the bottle that has the cutest animal or design label.  Even with my unimpressive method, I have never been disappointed with my choices.  One of my favorites is the Conundrum (I think it's a blend, but definitely try it if you're there!).The staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  The highlight of coming to this place, besides learning and buying wine, is having their dog greet you at the entrance of the store. Tip: There's free wine tasting every Saturday from 1-5 pm.  This is great way to learn the different types of wine.  Next time I should probably take notes because the staff is knowledgeable and willing to answer anything.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,9/17/2014,508,149,13,10,10>After my horrible experience at Koolau Nails, I wasn't sure where to go for a much needed pedicure. I called my neighbor and she said she needed a pedi as well, and usually goes to A place of perfection by Loves Bakery behind the windward Mall.I had been there once before, so I Yelped them (of course!) and decided to give them a try. I called them to make an appointment for 2, and the lady was very nice on the phone. I asked her the prices and she said a pedicure was only $25! A deal !! A Mani-pedi was $40 and deluxe was available as well.In the Yelp reviews someone mentioned Ashley was good, and I contemplated to ask for her, but rolled with the dice.We found free parking in front, but it does get full at times. We had appointments and were right on time.When you walk-in, it is very clean, and you have your colorful choice of Opi and China Glaze polishes right there to choose from and a sign-in sheet for walk-ins. We were greeted right away by a cheerful lady, and it was pretty full ,with just 2 chairs open and a few people waiting, that I was afraid we had to wait for awhile even with appointments. We only had to wait a few minutes, so we picked out our color, and she offered us a seat to wait while they got our chairs ready. When I sat down, a nice young girl came to help me, and when I asked her name, she said Ashley!! It seemed perfect! She was very good and took her time, and the best thing was she didn't "pressure" you with up selling, if you know what I mean! She did suggest if I wanted a callous remover for $5, which I knew I wanted anyways , so I said yes. The standard pedicure gives you around 45 minutes, a 5 minute massage, a scrub, and they do a very good job on your callouses, and do not use a razor.They sanitize their nail utensils, and put a hot towel before painting your nails.The deluxe gives you a longer massage, leg mask and paraffin wax for an additional fee.The girls wear cute aprons with name tags, and they even do Nail parties! And they do have a working TV with current shows to watch.Overall, this place was perfect ,Ashley was great and my toes felt like dancing, I think I will start coming here for my new nail place and I will add on a manicure the next time I go!I highly recommend this place in Kaneohe.Tip of the Day- They take credit cards except Amex, and I suggest you make an appointment if you can. They seem to be popular.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/16/2014,384,392,9,8,10>Another month, another meals on heels event!This month we found ourselves totally cheating on our diets in Waikiki at Kimukatsu.  Firstly, the best place to park is a parking lot off of Kuhio behind the restaurant.  The entrance is one street prior to Lewers.  The street from the Ala Wai will be on your left (if driving east on kuhio).  The driveway will be on your right.  $3 for 2 hours, you can't beat that anywhere.  Unless it's meat Friday, I wouldn't worry about reservations.Our group of 4 ladies ordered the value meal which consisted of 5 tonkatsu flavors.  We ordered 3 rice sets, but we probably would have been fine with even less.  Miso soup has free refills so everyone gets some miso in their life!  They came by with a heaping plate of cabbage.   Uh, what?  That's the salad?  Thank god we had someone with us who knew what she was doing because with the salad dressing, that was delicious!The tonkatsu was tender but crisp on the outside, more than enough portions for 4 very hungry ladies.  We had absolutely no room for dessert.  The service was really out of this world.  Every 5 minutes someone from their team would come by asking if we wanted refills on anything.  Honestly, if you sneezed they would come by and ask if you were calling them.  They were that good.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,9/15/2014,233,163,5,12,9>Excellent, excellent, excellent!!I love this place. And have since been requesting to go back every chance I get. The only kinda hard part is that they don't take reservations---only for a party of 4 or more. This request must be done through e-mail so it might be hard to make last minute ones (lacucinaitaliano@yahoo.c…) But if you call when they open, they'll let you know how busy it is and if there's the smaller tables available. There's also a few seats at the bar. First off, the service is STELLAR. The main waitress is wonderful. She's so knowledgeable of the menu AND their wine list, and very sweet. Their wine menu is pretty extensive (they have some beers too). They offer by the bottle or by the glass, and for a $10 corkage you can bring in your own. I always tend to start off with the Crostini Al Porcini.....so good. But I really love their house salad (Insalata di Casa). This is one of my favorite salads. It's topped with the tomato mixture that they use on their bruchetta (I'm assuming their bruchetta is fabulous since that tomato mixture is on top of that, too) So I've tried a good handful of their menu items, and ALL have been great. My fiance surprised me and took me there for Girls Day dinner a few weeks ago. It was his first time there (he's been wanting to go since I would rave about it all the time), and he too was blown away! He loves risotto, and inhaled the Risotto Funghi. He also enjoyed the carbonara. If I had to choose, my faves so far have been the Amatriciana (pancetta, onion, garlic and pecorino romano cheese in a light tomato sauce, with a slightly spicy kick!), the Tagliolini Aragosta (chopped lobster pieces....need I say more?) and the Trenette Norcina (the sauce has homemade italian sausages and porcini mushrooms). For dessert, their tiramisu is a must-try! And the creme brulee cheesecake is to die for. They also serve really good coffee. I always end my meal with some espresso or an americano. IT IS ALL FABULOUS.So go make your reservation...quick! And trust me, you will not be disappointed!!!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,9/14/2014,74,66,4,10,10>I first noticed this new Japanese Teppanyaki Restaurant & Lounge when I was driving on Kapiolani Blvd. which is located right next to Seoul Garden Yakiniku. Parking was not a problem as it is located right behind the restaurant.My boyfriend and I arrived here around 6PM and surprisingly, it wasn't that crowded. As soon as we entered, we were greeted by all the workers while our hostess took us to our table. The interior was very simple yet modern which I liked. Our waiter, Vesela, who was super nice and informative gave us just the right amount of attention throughout our dinner. Other waiters were very attentive that our water never reached below half our glass cups. The service was beyond great!It took us a while to decide what we wanted to eat because it seemed like everything was gonna taste good! In the end, we settled on the Bacon Wrapped Mochi, the 'Ma Special' Okonomiyaki, Garlic Shrimp Fried Rice and for dessert, Sweet Potato braised with Honey Vinegar topped with Black Sesame Ice Cream!The Bacon Wrapped Mochi was actually pretty good. The mochi is wrapped with shiso and bacon. Sadly, the portion was pretty small, just 4 pieces. The texture and flavor were just about right, the soy sauce gave it an extra touch. ($8.50) The 'Ma Special' Okonomiyaki was bomb! I think the best okonomiyaki I've tried on the island! The 'Ma Special' was made of a blend of mochi, cheese and bits of bacon and were full with flavor! Don't let it get cold unless the mochi will harden up making it hard to chew. Other than that, it is a must try! ($14) The Garlic Shrimp Fried Rice looked very plain but was actually filled with flavor, which was good. It was made up of about 5 pieces of garlic shrimp, onions, and green bell pepper. The rice was cooked till it was a bit golden brown which I liked. The portion was enough to share between two people but still a bit too pricey. ($13) The Sweet Potato braised with Honey Vinegar topped with Black Sesame Ice Cream was delicious! I really loved the Black Sesame Ice Cream, the best I've ever tried! The fried sweet potatoes were just okay meaning that I wouldn't order it again but the ice cream was literally to die for, you must try the Black Sesame Ice Cream! You won't regret it! ($8.50) ** We got the dessert for FREE by checking in on Yelp so ask your waiter beforehand ** My overall experience at this place was great! The food came out so fast that we were in and out by a hour! I was unbelievably full while I got into the car! I can't wait to come back and try out the other dishes because they are still working on their menu. Until next time!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,9/13/2014,593,140,10,11,15>Let me first tell you that I rarrreeely ever take selfies unless its after I'm done doing my hair by Tabatha. She truly unleashes her tabby magic and does wonders. I've been with her since she started couple years ago! She's the color queen, and will make you confident with a hairstyle that you think may look good but too scared to try. If you had a bad haircut or accident and need your hair to be fixed, go to Tabatha, she will fix it and make you feel brand new. I've tried so many things through her. I've had blue streaks in my hair, I've had straight away bangs, I've had red hair,brown hair, close to blonde hair, highlights, feather extensions. She's always convinced me to try something new. (check out the photos, i'll post a collage of my hair within the past couple years)Seriously, I recommend her to everyone at work, my friends, strangers who compliment my hair! oh and she's super friendly and amazing with her hair washes/head massages!Shes located at Ava Salon above Palama market. Theres a lot of free parking. So go on and do yourself a favor and make an appointment with her!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,9/12/2014,354,934,9,13,11>How does this place stay in business? The food is soooo cheap. I used to get fried chicken from food land.... what the heck was I thinking, right?  One piece of fried chicken costs $2.15 at foodland. If I bought 5 pieces, that would cost $10.75. At KJs, I can get a fried chicken plate lunch for $9! It comes with 2 scoops of rice and a choice of Mac salad, tossed salad, corn, beans or kimchee.... And yes, 5 fried chicken thighs. What a deal!!! Obvi, you should probably share this plate of food with a friend.... I opted for Mac salad even though I'm not the hugest fan. I had seen good reviews for the Mac salad in particular and thought I should see what the hype was about. It was def one of the better Mac salads I've had. Instead of macaroni, they use chopped spaghetti noodles. The tuna makes it extra good, I think. The lady working the cashier was very nice and I literally just sat down to wait for my food when she called my order--so fast!! There is plenty of parking, even during lunch hour and they offer a lot of other foods besides chicken lol. My only complaint is that it's oddly dark inside. Idk how to explain it, but it's darker than usual I think.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,9/11/2014,68,107,6,9,11>WCH is usually a nice and friendly place to grab good, comfort food any day or night. Food is consistent and they served it with such aloha like the old by-gone days of Hawaii. I mean how cool is it that they worked so hard to keep the same feel and spirit of the diner alive when they renovated the place in last 10 years? I'm sure it took a lot of time and effort to find the same (but new) furnishings from the old era. What was unique about WCH is that they spent a lot of money to make it look like it used to. Wow, that is true dedication to the spirit old Hawaii. And who doesn't love the old menu prices?A group of us decided to have lunch there after a morning hike up at Diamond Head. It's a natural choice since parking is not an issue here and most have had good dining experiences at WCH at one time or another. As we passed by their good looking salad bar, I couldn't helped but to think I need to eat healthy in keeping with our exercise momentum. But then after looking over the extensive menu, I couldn't resist so I ordered the Wailana burger and of course, the salad bar. The burger was tasty and not overcooked, and I love how they served it with a slice of pineapple wedge plus a purple orchid on your plate. Now that's Hawaii flavor! The accompanying curly fries were good, crispy and they were deliciously perfect with ketchup. Also, a very nice touch to see kimchi at the salad bar to which I gladly ate several helpings. WCH = a great local place to chill out for a good meal any time of the day and you can't beat the budget-friendly prices. You can count on WCH's pleasant staff and service whenever you're ready to have some comfort food made just like the way "mom used to make".
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,9/10/2014,302,378,10,18,14>If you are craving udon but don't want to wait in the line at Marukame (or attempt to find parking) then come to IYO. I know a lot of people are going to make their comparisons and inevitably choose a winner in the udon battle, but at least I'll be able to convey my opinions here. So let the battle begin!BATTLE UDON 2014Udon noodles: TIE. Both Marukame and IYO have great noodles. In my opinion, the textures on both are nearly identicalUdon broth: MARUKAME. Not only did the broth at Marukame taste better, it also stays hotter for longer. After sitting and eating the udon at IYO for a few minutes, the broth in my bowl was warm at bestMeal add ons: MARUKAME. The tempura at Marukame tastes fresher. There's also a larger selection. With that being said, IYO does have other great add ons like their musubi which are good, and their fried chicken which is excellentParking: IYO. This one is a no brainer and in some ways a little unfair to MarukameService: MARUKAME. Everyone in there is so happy and cheerful... even the guy collecting your nasty dirty dishesWait time: IYO. I've waited anywhere from 20-45 minutes just to enter Marukame. That doesn't count the time I wait when ordering, paying for my meal or waiting around for seating. At IYO, I waited five minutesOverall value: IYO. Call me crazy, but I'd rather pay a little more and wait a lot less so I can eat my food so I can get on with my dayThat's just my two cents on both establishments. It looks like there isn't a clear winner as the battle closes out with a tie. I know with a little work, IYO could turn out to be great. Both are extremely viable udon options depending on how much time you have and what your preferences are. Hope this has helped you all!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,9/9/2014,230,154,4,14,9>One way to my heart is sharing a fantastic meal & indulging in wonderful conversation. If the meal also includes an entree(s) I've been dying to try for awhile, you'll score extra brownie points with me. Nico's Pier 38 serves gourmet Hawaiian plate lunches & hand-selects their seafood fresh from the Honolulu Fish Auction. I'm a die-hard Nico's Fish Market breakfast fan (their regular Loco Moco & mini saimin fuels my work day) & that's why I was beyond excited to finally experience their dinner menu.The main reason, I narrowed dinner selection at Nico's Pier 38 was to satisfy my prime rib craving & Sunday is the ONLY day they serve heavenly Rosemary Roasted Prime Rib. That's 12 ounces of juicy prime rib with au jus, horseradish cream + chive & garlic whipped potatoes.Also I've wanted to try their made-from-scratch signature Bouillabaisse for years (I'm drooling just recalling this dish) & I have to say it was definitely worth the wait! Nico's Bouillabaisse consisted of tomato saffron broth served with fish, clams, & mussels. It was accompanied with generous servings of sourdough garlic bread.Sharing meals is still a fairly new concept to me, but I'm starting to embrace the fact you're able to sample a variety of entrees during the same visit. I didn't mind parting ways with some of my lip-smacking prime rib, in order to sample some of Alex's Steamed Clams made with Manila clams beer-steamed with tomato, onion & garlic + served with garlic butter bread.If you're a fan of Nico's Fish Market, I highly recommend stopping by Nico's Pier 38 during lunch & especially dinner. It's the perfect way to end the weekend & kick off the next week.** Remember Nico's Pier 38 does not accept reservations.They ONLY serve their Hawaiian plate lunch on Fridays (SUPER GOOD) & their Rosemary Prime Rib is ONLY served on Sundays (AMAZING) **
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,9/8/2014,226,72,2,18,10>I was fortunate enough to be treated to this place by my aunty. I will admit it's pretty pricy, but definitely worth it. You can really taste the quality of their product. Here's the breakdown:Acai Bowl: For $10 you get a large coffee cup of deliciousness. Their acai is good, and the granola is great! They even sell it in the store! They top it off with a strawberry, blueberries, banana, and honey. The good thing is everything isn't too sweet, even the honey. It's perfect on a hot day! Haleiwa Iced Tea: I believe it's their iced tea with pineapple juice and pineapple chunks floating in it. Definitely an inventive drink! Who would have thought to put a scoop of pineapple mint sorbet in the iced tea? Genius! Again, this drink isn't too sweet, just right. It's so refreshing, we bought one more on our way out!Lox of Bagel: Their everything bagel was delicious! Crusty outside, and soft inside. Their lox wasn't too salty and the fixings inside was a good ration to each. It's paired with a little salad with pistachio nuts. For $13 it's a little pricey, but a worthy treat. You can taste the freshness of everything they serve. They make everything to order, so if it's busy, you might have to wait a while, but trust me, it's worth it! The staff is very friendly and answered all my questions. They also have a stamp card reward you can earn a free beverage after you fill it up. I'll be seeing you soon!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,9/7/2014,197,151,3,14,10>This food truck rocks! Fresh handmade tortillas?! Yep, not what I expected after being occupied by the previous owners from El Palenque. Surfin Salsa owners have done something right. They offer delicious, quality food (they brag about not having a microwave), with a little twist from their Colombian heritage. Located at the Chevron on Kam Hwy (backside of Mililani Shopping center), I didn't think much of another new Mexican truck popping up since the previous tenants weren't anything special. But boy was I surprised!We've tried many items, and my favorites are the pork pibil tacos (perfectly charred soft tortillas and cilantro/onion topping), garlic shrimp (10 pieces, grilled, not very garlicky but very tasty), and also the chipotle shrimp (also grilled, and very delicious). Plates include their version of Spanish rice, a choice between refried or black whole beans, and salad. I personally love the black beans, and cannot get enough of it. I also like their guacamole, horchata, and Saturday tamale special (Colombian style).They will also give you some complimentary chips and salsa (also homemade) while you wait for your food, which is a really nice touch. Prices are reasonable for what you get, and the owners are really friendly and humble, which completes the entire experience. Since we live only minutes away, it's very convenient for us to just call in an order, especially during peak hours. Expect some wait time..remember, your food is cooked to order.Will definitely be back soon :)
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,9/6/2014,271,176,12,12,13>It seems as though I am not a "townie" any more because I could not find Mitsu-Ken!  I needed to use my GPS!  I was looking for "old location" on School Street with the faded sign that had the cute, smiling musubi!  When did this shop move?Oh, well, since I was in town, I thought I should take advantage and go to a place that everyone liked.  I did read the reviews and yes - the garlic chicken is awesome!  Good flavor and crispy skin!  I even got the shrimp tempura - very crunchy because of the panko and lack of thick batter like other places!  The cone sushi was only 90 cents as compared with $1.50 at other restaurants.  I also enjoyed the sweet potato tempura - yum!  I appreciate fried foods because I do not like to fry at home: it hurts and I don't like the lingering smell in the house.I really liked the parking - be careful of the tandem parking for some stalls.  There was a line out the door because only the person ordering is allowed inside.  Everyone else must wait outside until your order is ready & your name is called.  There was only one cashier, but she was fast and efficient. This is definetly a take-out place.  There are no tables and chairs around.  So, if you need directions, it's on King Street, by Kalihi Union Church...across from the Nissan car Dealership.  Easy!!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,9/5/2014,220,341,9,11,9>Dear Wing:Thank you for being located in an area with parallel parking. You see I'm a terrible parallel parker and this has prevented me from coming back daily. I was introduced to this place about a week ago when some other Yelpers took me here and great googlie mooglie this place is fantastic. They have a wide variety of selections. Ice cream ranges from homemade flavors like cookie butter, mango, star fruit, Oreo s'mores, Mayan xocotatl (chocolate), pandan, etc. to Dryers for the non adventurous. They make ice cream sundaes, banana splits, and shakes. Also they have handmade cones that are dipped if you like. The have the single scoop which is a nice size and then the small, med and large which are all huge. They have shaved ice too where they have homemade flavors as well. There's a board in the store where he takes suggestions for new ice cream flavors. Someone suggested dim sum. Egads lol Can't wait to go back!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,9/4/2014,166,258,8,19,16>This place is the bees knees folks, add 12th Avenue Grill to your top 5 list now.  Now that they are open on Sunday's you can get your foodie fix 7 days a week!  The addition of the late night bar menu is fantastic too with excellent prices on some delicious options including two well priced burgers ($9 & $10).Their classics are divine, I dream about the Grilled Pork Chops on a weekly basis and pairing this with a side of the Baked Macaroni + Cheese is palate heaven.  They have a specials menu which is equally fantastic, the last time here we had a Mahi Mahi entree which was nothing but amazing.The wine list is amazing so don't be shy about taking your meal to the next level, they have an amazing staff and sommelier that can help pair a delicious wine for you.  The corkage is a little on the high end ($20) but that is something you just need to accept.Don't forget about the cocktails either, they have an amazing mixologist that will be (or is by the time you read this) featured in the Honolulu Magazine.  He can whip up something based on your taste and desires, if it turns out to be amazing he might even write it down for use again later.I've referred countless friends and clients here and will continue to do so as this is definitely a  top notch dining experience, especially after their move to the new location.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,9/3/2014,731,1118,12,15,16>Bevy is that hip bar that stands out on its own with its eclectic design and craft cocktails that are easy on the palate and showcase the skill of the bartenders. Needless to say, its location in Kakaako is quite fitting and appropriate to welcome locals. Simply put, it is that neighborhood watering hole that you keep wanting to come back for more!The craft cocktails that comprise its menu are well described and the best advice I can give is stick to your poison and use that as a starting point. Its menu showcases a wide array of libations mixed with inventive flavors to complement not overwhelm. Who would think of mixing gin and chartreuse with lemongrass and basil? They did and made it into the "No Surprise" It works quite well for the gin fans out there and so do their takes on gin and tonic. The Mai tais and Red Square are certainly nothing to sneer at either nor is the Moscow Mule if vodka is your thing. Service is good and the servers know their menu fairly well and are quick to stop by to take your order or bring your drink in a well-done orchestration that is hard to come by where cocktails require time and skill to be made. The decor is eclectic and be sure to check out the pocket of jeans that upholster the booths for notes from fellow patrons. It can be quite interesting to learn if you have a happy note or one that might make you cringe or depressed. Its ambiance is quite entertaining, however the volume quite loud so perhaps skip it for that quiet romantic evening.Bevy stands out on its own with a mix of well crafted cocktails with a truly unique experience to have drinks with friends. Just don't go during one of the street events that take place in the neighborhood, or you could be in for a much different experience!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,9/2/2014,97,46,5,8,11>Nice little joint in Kakaako on Cooke street! I've been hearing all kinds of great chitty chatter about this place and just had to try it!I went on a Friday night with a small group of friends to relax and unwind. I arrived around 630PM and man was it crowded! Pau Hana time was definitely in full swing. Parking is metered and can be found around fisher and nearby blocks.They have a variety of beers listed on the blackboard above the bar. That night they had about 8 speciality beers ranging from ales to stouts. Pricing goes for about $6.75 for a pint of beer. You also can get a sampler (they give you an option of 4 to 6 ounces) for about $2 each. They provide a list for you to choose up to 5 samples.If you're looking for something other than a green bottle and something that's crafted locally, this definitely should be on your list. The flavors were complex, smooth and had a great balance of hops; roasts. The cilantro beer was one of the most interesting onesI tried that night. I believe it was an ale with a a refreshing front, and smooth end. Overall, brewed extremely well.There were about 8 different food items in which they infused some beer into to give it that great bite. We had ordered a round of pretzels with cheese, beer dip & mustard. Pretzels were a bit on the salty side but deliciously soft. Other items we tried was the Kalua pork tacos, smoked ahi dip served with toasted baguette, and their Mac and cheese. Both items were tasty but the tacos only come in twos. The ahi dip on the other hand was smoked perfectly and was definitely  NOM worthy! Their Mac and cheese is perfectly balanced with the beer mixed in with the cheese! GAH, it'll be your best friend when your drunk, plus the portion was pretty big!Atmosphere was awesome, loud, boisterous, and fun. Beer kegs were creatively used as tables along the side, but can be a bit small if you have a group bigger than 4 and are ordering food o__O but it's a nice touch! If you're a beer connoisseur or just love beer in general, come by, sit your ass down, and enjoy :)
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,9/1/2014,260,347,10,16,10>Wild boars, tortoises, a chinese tourist feeding one of the horses a random wild mushroom he found of the ground and watching as one of our friends was offended and took the magic mushroom away, and a goat sitting in a tree! These are some of the things you might see at Kualoa Ranch! The Ranch itself is well kept, but very touristy. You know its touristy when a photo company takes a picture of you right as you walk through the door, prints it out and ask you to buy it 3 seconds later!The dining facility is over priced and out of control. I think it was like 20 bucks for an all you can eat ceasar salad buffet or something like that. The monster energy drinks were around $4. I would have rather fallen into a deep coma before buying a monster for $4The Jeep tour was amazing! It was the highlight of the entire day at Kualoa. That and seeing the goat climb up a tree and fall asleep sitting. The jeep tour goues high up into the back of the ranch up the mountain side. On the Jeep tour our tour guide who was very knowledgeable pointed out many native plants as well as some of the land plots that are maintained on the farm where taro, and sweet potatoe are grown. There are many scenic stops along the drive that many people wont ever get a chance to see from the road below. Some of the places which can be viewed from higher up on the mountain, were the fresh water ponds which are baracaded off from the ocean. Our guide told us they have just started farming oysters there, and there are also baraccuda that can be found in the ponds which grow up to 6 feet long! He also pointed out there is a place called secret beach, which i intend on investigating more and paying a visit to.At the end of the ride we had enough time to get out and go on a short hike up a trail where we were able to get an even better view of the windward coast of the island. It was great considering i haven't been on that many hikes around the windward side and have never seen it from that perspective I hope to find more trails like the one i visited in the future. I highly recommend this tour to anyone who has never seen Kualoa ranch or has family visiting from the mainland.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,8/31/2014,529,212,9,23,12>New lunch spot opened up next to Fort Street Cafe.  Fresh & clean in a vibrant red theme and with a cute girl working the counter, Red Pepper is inviting...  Daily specials written on a chalkboard with differing colors of chalk... guess women run the show here!They have items on their menu that are non standard fare.... Korea moco (as mentioned in another review), bulgogi burger, etc.I opted for their Kim chee fried saimin which sounded interesting.  I thought it was a good vegetarian dish: saimin noodles, kim chee, bean sprouts, assorted veggies (lean portions).  Topped with a sunny side egg adorned with furikake.  chili pepper flakes add an extra spicy kick--probably has more oomph than most non-Koreans are accustomed to.  Flavor is simple...I was pleased with my lunch so I could myself returning to try a different lunch item...Food was 3.5 stars.  Plus another half star for the cute korean girl. XD
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,8/30/2014,588,341,9,13,13>Monsarrat Ave Shave Ice serves THE softest, most finely-shaved-shave ice you'll find!  This tiny stand is located in the alley right next to Pioneer Saloon.  Don't think "alley" as in creepy, dark walkway.  This one is bright, and cute - adorned with all kinds of items recycled to be decorative, plants, benches, a fish ... it was definitely a welcoming set-up.The shave ice is offered in three sizes.  I got the small ($4) which comes in a cup about the size of a small plastic party cup.  Not the biggest serving, but I still think it's totally worth it for the quality.  The ice is topped with all-natural fruit syrup.  I chose mixed fruit, which was a combination of strawberry, pineapple, mango and peach.This is a definite must-stop before or after the beach.  Great refreshing treat on these sweltering summer days!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,8/29/2014,180,33,22,28,24>$20 is the price you pay for an AYCE smorgasbord of meat, lots of smoke that reeks of korean BBQ (not a bad thing!), quick service, lots of korean side dishes, and a hot grill? Yes, PLEASE! Sikdorak is definitely the place to be nowadays. It's super, SUPER busy on Friday/Saturday nights, and will probably get busier since it's summer time. Expect to wait at least 15-30 minutes because every time that I've been here (unless it's for lunch), there has been a line. It's a really small establishment, not very decorative. It's literally blank tables that have built in grills, on both left and right of the restaurant that form a small row in the middle that allows the waiters to walk up and down between the tables. Don't expect to get to know your waiter/waitress here, because they get straight to business. Greeting you with a "Are you going to do all you can eat?", then prompting you with what types of meats you want. So be ready to order when they get to you! It's pretty straight forward, the side dishes were already on the table when my boyfriend and I was seated. We ordered the ribeye, pork belly, and the brisket. It's delivered lightening fast (literally), and the grills are lighted as soon as you sit, so you're all ready to go once the meat hits the table!Fires are really good, and if it's not hot enough, just ask the waiter - and they'll kindly make it hotter for you! The waiters are very attentive and as soon as your plate is empty, they ask if you want to order anything else. They also take great notice when it comes to changing the grill. Although I can't have a great conversation with my waiter/waitress, it's obvious they're doing their job and trying to keep you happy with quick service and care. I am becoming a quick regular, and I would definitely recommend Sikdorak to anyone who's interested in korean yakiniku!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/28/2014,410,147,10,13,12>Hidden under a large tree behind Ireh and Keeamoku Super Market lies Yakiniku Don-Day! In hopes of keeping this place a secret I've been holding back on reviewing Yakiniku Don-Day for the longest time. But on my most recent visit, I've noticed the crowd has definitely picked up. So lo and behold, now that the cat's out of the bag I minus well share.What differentiates this Yakiniku joint is the option of sitting outside. Now some people may be totally turned off sitting outside with the possibilities of bugs and the weather, but it's actually quite ingenious. Normally after eating yakiniku you reek of meat, but by sitting outside you reduce the smell. Also, sometimes it is much cooler sitting outside, especially if you're dining in the evening.Now unfortunately this is not an AYCE establishment, but Don-Day has one of the best pork belly in town! So I always make a point to get their samgyupsal (pork belly). Whether it's fresh, herb wine, black, curry, you name it and I'll devour it! When it comes to pork belly I love it golden and crispy. Once cooked to perfection you can dip it in the marinated sauces, put it in a lettuce, add some bean paste and vegetables, then wrap it up and eat it! Now you don't have to do this, but it's the best way to eat it. The mix of flavors and textures will bounce around in your mouth and your stomach will be begging for more! The best bang for your buck will probably be one of their combos on the back of the menu. All come with a wide variety of banchan side dishes and you can get refills. Also they cook the kimchi right on the grill yelp.com/user_local_phot…, eat it with your pork belly and trust me, you won't be let down.I love Yakiniku Don-Day the staff is super nice and visits every table to check on things. Everyone is friendly and courteous and don't mind running back and forth getting extra banchan or soju. Just be cautioned that the weekend is busier so if you don't like to wait, go on a weekday and eat early. If you haven't experienced Don-Day yet, give this a try.  It is well worth it!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,8/27/2014,114,86,6,19,13>I'd say I've driven past the Forty Niner's in Aiea about 10,000 times and never set foot in that door. So when I heard there was one opening up in Wahiawa I'm not sure why I was excited to come here (perhaps I just needed a reason to step out of the office for lunch). We ordered a cheeseburger, French fries, oxtail soup, fried saimin, and a bento. Everything came out to $60 including tip with 2 sodas. Prices are reasonable. The saimin was okay. It probably would have tasted better if I sprinkled shoyu on it. The burger was good. I do prefer my burgers bigger and juicier, however based on the price I was satisfied. I loved their french fries. It was soft on the inside and crisp on the outside. I will definitely be back for more fries. I was told this was previously an antique store which probably explains the old gas pump that's situated in front of their entrance. Atmosphere is very casual and this place does give off the vibe of a real diner. There are 5 booths, 8 small tables, and a counter with about 10 stools lined up together to sit on. There are 3 small ceiling fans in here and it was a bit warm. I'm not sure if the ac was broken or if they even have one installed. The entrance / exit door was left open so we could hear the loud noise coming from the main street: cars, horns, distant conversations, and the faint sound of a television on somewhere in the background. This isn't the greatest place to hold a conversation. There is no restroom but they have one for customers somewhere outside of the restaurant. Also on the exterior is a walk up take out window. Place your orders and pick up alongside of the building. There are 2 wooden tables to sit on in this area while waiting for your food. Located next to Papa Johns, Teddy's, & Walgreens. There is a parking lot in the back which is shared with these 3 other businesses. After we parked and were approaching Forty Niner's, I was a little confused because it looked like it was somebody's house. If you live or work near Wahiawa this is a spot you should check out. They have an extensive menu for such a small place and I can't wait to come back to try everything else (their breakfast menu in particular)... Creme Brûlée Pancakes and Banana Split Waffles: Yes, please!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,8/26/2014,374,151,9,15,12>This cafe is unique in that it also sells hiking and tour packages to tourists. I was always a little put off by this but decided to try it out one weekend morning, seeing that I was going on a hike after it seemed an appropriate time as any.I read the reviews on Yelp before leaving so it was very easy to find. It is in the building where Todai is but on the lower level so you must go down stairs from the outside to get to the cafe. Though in their brochure it says there is free parking in the Canturbury building it resides in, there was a machine to pay $4 for 4 hours minimum. It's a super old parking structure and there wasn't any security working there but we paid just in case. On a sign in the garage posted for Todai it said they would validate parking, so that confused us even more. If HHC is the same way, I don't know how that would work since it's prepaid parking. I asked the cashier working when I got to the cafe but she had no idea how it worked either which was pretty unfortunate....Anyway, onto the food and cafe! The cafe is beautiful!! It's got good ~vibes~. Not sure how else to put it, but it's got happy employees and customers all around and just has good energy. There's even some seating outside with umbrellas. My boyfriend ordered an egg scramble with all the meats and cheese he likes ($8.95) and I ordered the veggie breakfast pizza ($9.95). We also sprung the extra cash for smoothies, he got the pinepapple coconut and I got the matcha green tea smoothie. His tastes like healthy pina colada-like goodness and mine was delicious icey matcha goodness. I believe they were between $5-6 but they were surprisingly large! Definitely a good value. The veggie breakfast pizza was a rather large flatbread with eggs, spinach, and mushrooms and it was super delicious. I could barely finish it. My bf's egg scramble came with three eggs and also had two crunch toasts with mango jelly on the side as well. The food quantity and quality matched the price and the service was speedy and friendly.In comparison to other healthy breakfast + smoothies spots popping up all over town, this is one of the better ones in my opinion. There's ample space to enjoy your food and no crazy loud blender/cooking noise, friendly employees, and a large selection of breakfast foods (can order all day!) and even lunch items too. The only downside would be the parking situation. Street parking is hard in that area and $4 is steep for going for breakfast! Gotta go back with more friends and try more food here next weekend!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,8/25/2014,411,273,16,23,21>PRODUCTS: $6 EACH- Haupia (coconut dessert w/similar consistency to Jello)- Kulolo (ancient Hawaiian dessert; presently, it's made w/ kalo [taro], coconut milk + sugar) - has a thicker texture, and, although da buggah looks small, it can be quite filling.  Sweet flavor that's not too overwhelming.- Haulolo (bottom has thin kulolo layer, top has thicker haupia layer) - Poi (cooked corm of the kalo plant that is mashed up + water is added to reach desired viscosity) - subtle and mildly sweet.  As local as I am, I never cared for eating poi, but the employee suggested some people like adding sugar to their poi.  Came home, added Splenda, and now I can say I actually like eating poi. Half da container stay gone ;) * On Fri., I stopped by their Fort Street Mall location at 11:30 AM + I got a great deal: choose any 4 products for $20!WEA DEY STAY?Sun - Leeward Farmers Market (FM), Windward Mall FMMon - CLOSEDTues - Fort Street Mall Open MarketWed - Windward Mall FMThurs - Kapolei High FMFri - Fort Street Mall Open MarketSat - Pearlridge Mall FM, Wai'anae FM* Subject to change.  Refer to their schedule on their website for up-to-date info: pomaikulolo.com/where-to…** Found at Eat the Street events, too!CASH ONLY!No other payment method accepted.FREE SAMPLES!Of any of their products, so just ask!  No be shame!DO YOU KNOW HOW DIFFICULT IT IS TO FIND KULOLO ON O'AHU?!Foodland, Yama's, and Shirokiya (Ala Moana) occasionally have it, but usually you pay an arm and a leg (plus kidney and second unborn child) for a manini (small) piece ... and they usually run out.  I haven't had good kulolo in years and immediately bought 3 of them, 1 of their poi, and 1 haupialolo.  INTERESTING FACTS- You can freeze kulolo if you know you aren't going to eat it right away (like, within a day)!  Same can be done with rice and mochi.  When you're ready to eat it, you just have to nuke it in the microwave for a short period of time.- In ancient times, kulolo used to be cooked in an imu (underground oven heated with rocks) for 6-8 hours.- Founded in 2008, it's owned/operated by Keanuenue Kekaula who uses an 'ohana (family) recipe; when he originally started, he'd sell it by the side of the road at various locations around O'ahu.WEBSITEpomaikulolo.comEMAILkeanue@pomaikulolo.comREVIEW #249
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,8/24/2014,308,104,11,24,17>Most of my friends know I love to hike. But mainly because it's better than exercising in a gym and sweating while other sweaty people stare at me. I know I won't get a lot of workout from just hiking once or twice a week/month, buy hey, it's something. Hehe. And at least it makes me feel better about eating right after. Ha! Okay, so I was searching for a different hike. "Different", meaning location. I've seen Honolulu, Waimanalo, Kailua, Kaneohe in every possible view. And I was getting a little bored. Which is kind of sad cause I don't bore easy. I looked in my hiking guide of "leeward hikes" and didn't see one that would interest me. Then I saw, "NORTH SHORE HIKES".. Woohoo! Ehukai was the first one on the list that my eyes landed on. I read about it. "Short hike with a rewarding view..." and decided, okay, this is the hike I was gonna do. Now if only I can persuade the family.  Shockingly, the husband agreed and with a little coercing, the children was on board. (Side note: I am no longer allowed to hike on my own due to a neck "condition" per hubby and doctors orders. Booo them!! Ha!) Okay moving on. How do I get there? If you're coming from Honolulu or east side, drive up towards north shore. Everybody knows how to get to north shore right? You'll eventually come across Sunset Beach Elementary. Depending on the time you come, you can park in the school parking lot (weekends, after school hours), or park across the street in a little parking lot, or on the street at your own risk. The trailhead is located next to the school parking lot gate. If you're coming from the road, the school park will be on your right, and the trail head will be on your left. Look for the trailhead I have pictured. This hike was like a normal hike but let me just point out some tidbits most hikers would want to know on their first visit here.- Path in the beginning is clear- Once the path starts to incline you'll come across a cave (see picture). Keep going up and you'll see a tree with an "orange" ribbon. Directly behind those trees you'll see a path slightly to your left. Get on that path. - One way: 20-30 min to first bunker - To get to second bunker, continue down past the first bunker, pass the "keep out" sign (hehe) and the open barbed fence. Shortly after this, the trail will get a little faint. When you reach an area that you think you've come to the end, go slightly down the hill to your right and the path will become noticeable again. It will guide you to the second bunker. It's at a lower elevation than the first bunker but you get a more non obstructed view.- This hike is very similar to Lani Kai pillbox hike, so if your kids can do Lani Kai, they can do this.- You will be rewarded with a panoramic view of sunset beach. But no need to come during the sunset. It's beautiful any time of day. - This hike has ropes and caves. Fun! - The portion of this hike is actually a shortened part of a 6 mile hike from Pupukea/Kaunala Trail. Will do that another day ;)- If you plan on staying for the sunset, keep on mind it's gonna get dark shortly after so bring a flashlight or make sure you have enough battery life on your cell phone so you can use your phone as light also. After the hike, go check out the waves across the street or drive to Haleiwa town to get some shave ice or eat at any of the restaurants there ;) This is when the "feeling good about eating" comes into play. Haha!Overall, I liked this hike and will definitely be back.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,8/23/2014,152,116,9,13,8>Kam Bakery (yes, I said it!) has not skipped a beat on their move from School Street to City Square Shopping Center. Same AMAZING pastry classics and faves from a new -- and in my opinion -- much better, centrally located shop that's more accessible to everyone's beaten path. In fact, that was the consensus I got from a bunch of Kam Bakery regulars who were standing in line with me on opening day this past Friday, May 30th. It's actually somewhat comforting from a cleanliness standpoint to know they're in a brand new shop, not that rundown old building (God KNOWS what was crawling around there) that's destined to be razed by the new owner(s). The favorites, including the Haupia Malasada and Poi Donuts are just as awesome, if not awesome-er at their new digs. I highly recommend you try the Banana Fritter. OMG, Fritter-frickin-'mazing!!!CHOKE parking if you go early in the morning before all the other businesses opens. Kam Bakery at its new City Square location remains NO KA OI!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,8/22/2014,651,637,23,28,23>This was my first experience eating at a vegan restaurant, and I must say, the food was so flavorful and satisfying that I almost forgot that there was no meat in there!My pal Santi (ironically her name means "peace" in Indian!) and I were deciding on where to meet for lunch, and Santi said she wanted to try Peace Cafe.  Hmm, vegan?!  Seriously?  Ok, what the heck, it's not going to kill me to go meatless for one meal.  In fact, it may actually be good for my health.  Ok, I'm game.  As most Yelpers do, we had both read the reviews and so we each arrived, ready to order.  Santi said she was going to order the Heart & Seoul but also wanted to try the Moroccan stew.  Perfect!  Those were the two dishes that I wanted to try as well.  So we told the cashier that we wanted the Heart & Seoul, the cashier asked "do you want it with TVP or tofu".  Say what?  TVP?  Um, what the heck does TVP stand for?  Must be a vegan thing.  Santi didn't know either, so we asked the cashier for her recommendation given that this is our first time here (I think it was obvious to her that we are not practicing vegans), and she said that we should try the TVP.  Sounds like a plan to me, since I can always get tofu elsewhere.  I must say, both dishes were excellent.  The Moroccan stew tasted like regular stew, just with a lot of chick peas, which I happen to enjoy eating.  And the Heart & Seoul tasted like the bi bim bap that you get at regular Korean restaurants.  Free parking is available in the back of the building.  As you go down S. King Street, turn right on Makahiki Way (right after McCully Library) and it's the first driveway on the left.Just FYI, if you are sharing and you ask for an extra plate, they charge 50 cents.And I still don't know what TVP is.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,8/21/2014,109,99,9,10,11>The Branch Studio Hawaii is just what we need more of in developing the hidden talents of our youth and the young at heart. The facility  provides a venue large enough to accommodate a moderately sized group and even some private rooms for smaller classes.The studio offers a collaboration of  the performing arts, primarily focusing on dance and music. Tonight my wife and I decided to give dancing a go after our daughter invited us to a feel good Hip Hop session. The last time I did any serious dancing was back in the 70's when John Travolta's hit  movie  "Saturday Night Fever" created a shock wave that had the local clubs and dicos dancing the night away. Places like the Point After, Magic Mushroom, Duke's and so many more that no longer exist was where it was happening in Honolulu's night scene. I even entered a few dance contests, a regular event at most of the nightclubs.....never won any, but still had a lot of fun. Oh, yeah....more recently I had Gangnam Style down too !The dance instructors tonight are from the very popular and recognized 247 Danceforce organization. Ti and Tam were the amazing duo that made the session seem effortless, simple and a whole lot of fun! Though not as nimble and coordinated as I once was, I still managed to get by without looking too awkward. It's also a great fun way to get a work out.For only $10 you too can join in all the fun. Young, old, and all levels of dancing ability are welcome and sure to enjoy this class. For more info on the feel good Hip Hop classes visit the 247Danceforce Website.So check out the Branch Studios Hawaii and see what other classes and activities are offered. For myself I may look into a guitar class to sharpen my skills and even the possibility of voice instruction to improve my Karaoke singing inadequacy.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,8/20/2014,246,383,15,42,24>As you all may know, Little Fat Sheep(yes it is called that in China) is a Chinese hot pot chain with over 300 locations world wide. What you may not know is that this chain is owned by the same owners as KFC, Taco Bell, and Pizza Hut. Before you start conceiving the notion that the food isn't that great because of its affiliation, consider that in China, Pizza Huts and KFC are actually very good. KFC quality in China is much better than in the US, and Pizza Hut is a fancy dine-in joint where they're not afraid to try outrageous combinations.With that said, I've been to 4 different Little Sheep hot pot restaurants before in China, Macau, and Hong Kong. This Honolulu location is drastically different. In Hong Kong and Macau, they serve dim sum along with hot pot. In China, there's a vast selection of cooked dishes.This location is incredibly large with a full bar in the middle. Most tables have one or two built in induction cookers. Controlling the heat takes practice but I assure you, it's not hard. Seats here can be a little tight and moving out to the sauce bar or bathroom will involve having someone move out so you can get out. Slight inconvenience.The menu here is extremely comprehensive and there is pretty much something for everyone. It may take a while getting used to comparing the menu with the ordering chart which has prices listed. My advice for those in large parties is to get full sets instead of half sets. Mixed platters are a great idea also for those who want value.Service has its kinks but the managers and servers try the best to please the customer and rectify the situation. New restaurants will always have small kinks.Iced water, something you'll have to get used to not having in Asian countries are already given on the table. A teapot full of green tea is also there. The menu includes quite the selection of drinks and my favorite has got to be the mango black tea. For parties ordering two or more orders of tea, get the carafe.And here comes the part you've been waiting:Brotha) original - for those who aren't fans of spicy broths, this is the one to get. Plenty of traditional soup broth herbs including: Chinese red dates, gogi berries, ginger, green onions, whole cloves of garlic, and even a whole nutmeg seed. I swear I tasted black cardamom too. Great broth.b) spicy - spiced up broth made to the amount of spice you want. It's not overly spicy and the spice is more flavorful than hot. Don't be afraid to go very spicy. Abundant chillies in the soup that makes it look like they dumped fire crackers into the broth. Also has oil(perhaps sunflower oil) so think of it as sweet chili oil with the regular broth!Or do what we did, get both in a split pot!______________________________________The StuffSupreme Beef - Full order currently is $16 for a platter and they don't skimp out. There was EASILY enough to fill a party of 6. I counted 30 slices of prime slices of beef there. Must get here. (A+)Supreme Lamb Shoulder - I really don't like lamb and that is because I don't like the game-ish aftertaste that involves lamb but you won't have this here. Think leaner portions of beef. Same price as the supreme beef platter. (A)Pork Loin - It was okay. Just standard pork slices you'll find in any hot pot place. Would pass next time. (C)Meat Ball Platter - Four different types of meatball: fish, beef, shrimp, and lamb. Only tried the beef and fish. Pretty good and is alike many other places that serve similar items. (B+)Fish balls with roe - A must get here. It is your traditional Chinese dai-pai-dong tasting fish ball with a surprise inside: roe. (A+)Tong Ho - Shungiku, tong ho choy, chrysanthemum leaves, whatever you call it. It is my favorite hot pot vegetable. Hard to find on this island by itself for do it yourself hot pot but they have it here. (A+)Baby bok choi - I'm personally not a fan of baby bok choi and it tastes the same here. (C)Mixed mushroom - A selection of different mushrooms in a platter. Shiitake, oyster, and king mushrooms. They were out of enoki mushrooms that day. (B+)Yam noodle - Transparent noodles made out of yam. It keeps its shape and consistency even after cooking. A very filling noodle so don't eat too much. (B)Sesame pancakes - Their bread. So good, you'll eat them nonstop and wanting more. I ended up dipping in every sauce I could get! Nicely baked bread with a sesame crust. (A+)Mongolian Meat Pie - If someone ever thought how authentic Chinese + Mexican would taste like, try it. Minced meat that reminds me of the homely Chinese dish wrapped with something that looks like a quesadilla. Yes I said it. Meat pie quesadilla! (C)______________________________________The DrinksMango black tea - Better than mango black teas off tea shops. Get in carafe. (A)Passion fruit tea - Decent. I like the mango better. (B)Wintermelon tea - Decent also. (B)Watermelon Juice - BEST watermelon juice on the island. (A++++++++++ will shop again
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,8/19/2014,108,130,6,15,13>I've adopted pets from three different shelters on Oahu and let's just say I've had experiences ranging from frightening to downright bizarre when dealing with other volunteers and locations. Hawaiian Humane Society, not only in comparison, but in downright compassion and professionalism, towers over the others. First, aesthetically, you can't find a better building. And while most places can't compete on that alone, you feel content spending time there, and the animals look as comfortable as they possibly can. There are always ample volunteers around, so even when the staff is crazy busy (which they often are), there's someone to attend to you. What I appreciate most though, is how they're all so educated on the animals and how they really CARE about them. We were looking at rabbits this week for my daughter and had multiple people offer help and information. Let's be honest, I love animals, but it's not a job for me. These folks, despite the demands of the environment, are always willing to take time for you, but primarily; for the animals. I watched a volunteer today cooing at a newly-adopted and clearly terrified cat, packed in a box for the ride home. It's that kind of devotion that makes you feel they're well loved, even if the idea is to churn them out to new homes. I've adopted 2 dogs, a guinea pig, and a cat over the years and the ease at which they quickly and efficiently process your adoption paperwork is reason enough to choose them for your next pet. I'll leave my disorganized other-shelter horror stories for those reviews, but suffice to say, these guys have an efficient system down to an art. Quick tip: if you're looking for inexpensive pet toys, crates, food dishes, etc, they often have bins of donated supplies. Contribute your own financial donation, and take home whatever you like. Oh, and to the reviewer complaining about "customer service" because they won't come pick up strays anymore...that's a funding issue and I'm sure you'd be better off demanding state legislators and the City Council restore money than dinging the Humane Society for it on a Yelp review. (Talk about ego-centric...)
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,8/18/2014,158,100,10,13,14>Makiki's farmer's market is a little beacon of light on Thursday afternoons/evenings that call to the residents of Makiki like a lamp to a swarm of eager termites. Every Thursday I have to consciously stop myself from thinking, "Ooh, it's Thursday, maybe I can make up an excuse to drop by? Maybe I'll go jogging?"I love the sense of community I get when I go here. Lots of Makikians milling around with their kids, sitting at the tables with food and bottles of wine (I guess it's BYOB), perusing the stands under the twinkling lights of the large tree overhead and gathering twilight. My favorite places to hit up are Ono pops (I had this really good chocolate pudding pop with cake pieces last time), Sweet Revenge (their pies are kinda pricey $8, but oh so decadent and delicious), Olay's Thai (which I am convinced is the best pad Thai on the island- also great summer rolls and satay), and the produce stand near Olay's. Next on my list: the taco truck.Yes, the parking sucks....yes, the prices have gone up....but where else can you see your own community turn out to enjoy fresh, delicious food and enjoy each other's company on a weekly basis. Come out and be social!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,8/17/2014,472,366,18,21,18>I was casually checking in on the Yelp app and John N's check-in popped up saying that he checked into Kung Fu Tea. The first thought that came to my mind was "What is this mystical place?" Do they have kung fu fighting there? Do they do some tricky maneuvers on the way to making you tea? Is it a half martial arts studio and half tea place?All my questions were answered when fellow Yelper and awesome friend, Lindsey M, invited me to try this place. I just couldn't say no because I had to find out what the deal was with this place!We arrived on the first official opening day and they had grand opening specials! It was a buy one, get one free extravaganza! I spent the rest of the weekend trying the teas and Wow Milks.Milk tea here is your standard fair and Wow Milk are flavored milks without tea! Tapioca pearls can be added to any drink and they have all sorts of flavors like strawberry, ginger, and so much more. A word of caution to those that are picky with their teas: Their teas come prepared pretty sweet. I advise asking for a sample before finalizing your tea or milk. My first Red Bean Wow Milk was very sweet. You are able to request less sweet versions of most drinks.There are several tables to enjoy your tea and a restroom is located right by them. Parking is located in the private lot in the back and on the street. Parking after 5 pm on most days is $1 in the private lot.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,8/16/2014,783,555,15,28,25>I heard about Nabeya Maido through a friend that raved about this new hot pot spot and posted some pics on Instagram. Everyone knows I'm a Sweet Home Cafe (SHC) snob, so naturally my first thoughts were: "all these pop-ups tryna be like my dear 'ole SHC...nothing's gonna live up.So being that skeptic, I strolled in, chose my broths - curry of course & Maido, picked out my meat - black pork belly (since they didn't have tongue on the menu), went to the refrigerators with the wimpy selection of vegetables and noodles (being spoiled with SHC's wide variety selections, I settled with won bok, enoki, udon, soft tofu, and zucchini), and asked where the sauces were. The server explained that the only sauces they have are for the shabu shabu and you have to pay $3.90 if you want some, but assured me I didn't need it and the broths should have enough flavor (which I've heard before at other places). At this point, I really had low expectations but knew I needed to keep an open mind.Finally, my first sips of broths and black pork belly...I can honestly say, Nabeya Maido, MY WORDS HAVE BEEN EATEN.The Maido broth is a shoyu base and is garlicky and spicy at the same time. Extremely flavorful. And the curry broth, very delicious. Just like drinking a Japanese curry soup. I love it just as much as SHC's curry broth - very different but both so good.Okay, I do admit that the veggie and noodle selections are a little measly, but hey, they just opened so are probably seeing what the customers like first instead of buying and wasting a lot that doesn't get eaten. In the future, I would suggest spinach, ong choi, and bean thread noodles please :)As for the meat selection, although I didn't see beef tongue on the menu, it was offered in the refrigerators (just 1 left). But I'm glad I got to try that black pork belly because it was seriously melt in your mouth. I would get it again and again. They also had the staples - beef, chicken, etc.And the waiter (in which later I found out is the co-owner) was absolutely right when he said no sauces are necessary. The broths are THAT good. One of the best and unique things about this restaurant is you have the option of turning your leftover broth(s) into a risotto or porridge. The cheesy risotto went well with the curry broth. It's made right in front of you. The menu is changing in 2014 and they will be offering a different "guest" broth each month, so there is always something new to try. Pricing is a little more expensive than SHC (~$10 more) but it's definitely worth trying this new competitor ;) Can't wait to go back and taste other selections!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,8/15/2014,1046,338,14,45,26>WOW!  I can definitively say this is the best high-end sushi restaurant in Hawaii.  This is a restaurant you would expect to see in LA, Tokyo or NYC.  The service, quality and traditional style is what makes this place great.As you probably read its all chefs choice with 3 levels; $160, $200, $250.  We opted for the $200 but I definitely recommend the $250 if you can afford it.  The $160 includes one appetiser and 14 sushi.  $200 includes 4 apps and 10 sushi.  75% of their fish is imported from Japan and the other 25% is home grown.  There were too many dishes for me to explain but all were excellent.  I was surprised that they didn't put a premium or up the price since it was NYE that we dined and fish prices now are ridiculous.  Of course my fav was the otoro, but they served this spanish mackeral that was pretty awesome too.  Not too much of a uni fan but my wife said it was sugoi oishi (and this is not the cali uni).  We ended up ordering an extra special salmon sushi my friend was dying to try.  This was included in the $250 menu, which is why I recommend it.  The salmon was the best i tasted, but was $20 a piece.  So if we ordered the $250, for $50 more we would have gotten that plus another type of otoro, another type of uni and an ebi dish.In between dishes the gave a miso cream cheese palate cleanser and an egg castella cake.  For dessert we had okinawan brown sugar sorbet.Our server/host Shin was excellent.  He stayed with us throughout the entire meal talking story and explaining the dishes and translating for us.  Our sushi chef Mizutani was awesome.  He has only been in Hawaii for 3 months and knows very little english, yet he made our experience wonderful.  He explained everything and threw in some jokes here and there.The bathroom was also top notch.  Top of the line auto opening toilet seat cover with your variety of cleaning and pulsating water action options (for you ladies, haha).  They even have mouthwash so you have fresh breath after your fishy meal.Only drawback is their parking.  Its valet only and you have to make a dead stop on busy Kapahulu ave.  Drivers have watch out that you don't get hit while getting out.  Driver behind I'm sure don't appreciate it.Since Tsukiji market (the real one in japan) is closed for a week after new years.  They have to close too.  So they are closed until 1/7/14.  Shin also said they are packed house every night.And one final note.  They keep up with Japanese tradition and DO NOT ACCEPT TIP.  You pay for meal + tax only.  That saves you $40-$50 right there.  IF you have the chance GO HERE.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/14/2014,83,39,27,20,22>Did aliens descended onto Palolo Valley last night and zap me with a moon beam? I want to know because how else can I explain the crazy wonderful night that just passed.  First, two of my dear Yelp friends, Nadine C and Li Y,  asked to kidnap me.  How polite they are.  I mean, what kidnapper asks for permission?  So I said yes. They said pick you up at 4:30.  Where are you taking me?  They said surprise!  I love surprises, by the way.And surprised I was, big time. After Nadine's disoriented GPS guided us on a zig-zaggy course through Kaimuki and Kapahulu, we turned on to Seaside and there it was.  Top of Waikiki!  I have never I had the pleasure of eating at this iconic Waikiki landmark, not until last night that is. And what a pleasure it turned out to be.  But one more surprise awaited me. (Yeeps are a tricky bunch, aren't they?)  "Happy birthday Wayne!"  What? Nadine gave me a lei.  Even the receptionists shouted "Happy Birthday" and flashed those million dollar smiles.  But really?  This was the bestest birthday greating I've ever had , but it confused me greatly.  You see last night was May 21, and all my life I was sure I was born in December. I mean, I don't remember the event precisely, but that's what people who were there have always told me.  I guess they mixed me up with someone else.  But whatever.  This was great news.  I'm not a boring Sagittarius after all,  I'm a cool Taurus. All the cool people are Taurus, you know. I'm so lucky!Ok, enough of me. Top of Waikiki ... OMG!  Some people grow blasé about rotating restaurants.  I feel so sorry for them.  They've lost their ability to be amazed, and that's sad. But I loved everything about the place, even the escalators that went up and down while the building seemed to rotate. Cool! And when you pressed one button in the elevator, three of them lit up.  But don't worry about it. The thing seems to know what it is doing. All right.  Let's have a drink!  On special nights you don't want the same-old, same-old.  You must choose a cocktail with a funny sounding name.  That's how it is done.   I had a "Green Flash". A drink with a cool name and cool color to match.  On a scale of 1 to 10, how was it?  Who cares! Bottoms up! (gin, Midori, and tequila mixed with pineapple juice, and sweet & sour Sprite).  Nadine chose a Mango Colada (rum blended with mango, ice crème (!), and pina colada mix).  There are many other fun drinks on the menu.  I wanted to try them all, but those days are past.  You can!  Go for it. I won't stop you! Later we had a Pretty in Pink and a Lychee Martini, (shaken not stirred, of course). The FOOD.  Our server Ryan was the very best.  Smiling, efficient, and very knowledgeable about the menu. Li remember him from the Sunset Grill.  This was on a busy night, his work load was doubled because his partner had deserted him, but he took great care of us.  Thanks Ryan. You made our evening great. We choose our appetizers and even before we finished photographing our drinks (ah, yelpers!) they arrived at our table. Chorizo Nachos: tortilla chips, chorizo, asiago sweet corn béchamel, diced tomatoes and scallions.  They are famous here, and rightly so.  Garlic Fries:  As good as those at Gordon Biersch - maybe a notch better.Lump Crab Cakes in homemade tartar sauce.   Magical.  They disappeared in a minute!  Next came crispy calamari (with a sweet chili aiol)i.  Then came  "Day Boat Scallops"   (I love that name).  Scallops with sauteed corn and applewood smoked bacon, curry oil and balsamic reduction.  Yum.By this time I was convinced that Top of Waikiki was trying to murder us with food.  But this was just the appetizers. You must have a main dish, right?  Well, maybe two.I choose the chicken cordon bleu (chicken roulade with bleu cheese, bacon and buffalo sauce and apple/celery slaw).  This is a heavy dish, very filling and spicy. Per Ryan's suggestion we also ordered the Onaga, which was crusted in a yukari and bubu arare coating, served on a bed of kombuchi and shimp risollo with pickled Japanese vegies.   I'm no gourmet but I could detect many subtle flavors here. Eat this slowly and savor every bite.  It was the best seafood dish I've ever had. We were done, stick us with a fork, but how could we pass up dessert?  Could not! Li ordered a Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta (flavored with lilikoi sauce and fresh fruit), refreshing and not too sweet.  Nadine and I shared a mango crème brulee.  She remarked it was the best crème brulee she has ever had.  I cannot disagree. So ended our wonderful dinner. As a bonus the restaurant gives free parking from 4:30 to midnight, so we had fun browsing through the young, crazy fashions in H&M.  At the Moana-Surfrider we sat in the lobby and listened to the piano player belt out familiar tunes. Then we relaxed a little in the rocking chairs on the front lanai.What an evening. My wonderful Yelp friends gave me a night I will never forget.  Love you both.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,8/13/2014,125,57,19,16,17>Guys if you think that once you put a ring on it the wooing is over.  You thought wrong.   It's never over.  Girls if you think your Man is a mind reader. You thought wrong.  If you think he will get all the subliminal hints you are WRONG.  This is how it went in the beginning of our relationship:  Girlfriend at the time:  "Did you see what Mark got Mary for their anniversary?"  Me:  "What?"  thinking....Please don't say a ring Girlfriend at the time:  "A bouquet of roses."  Me:  "Wow."  Girlfriend at the time:  "I don't care for flowers but  sweets that would make me smile from ear to ear."  Me:  I bought her a bouquet of roses dipped in gold glitter. Girlfriend at the time:  "Uh, thank you."Me:  "Your welcome."  (Thinking...  You don't seem enthusiastic.)************Yup, guys are that clueless***************  Further into the relationship: Newly EngagedFiance:  "Valentine's Day is coming up."Me:  "Good." (Stressing Out)Fiance:  "I can't wait to munch on some sweets on that day."Me:  I buy her jewelry.  I have it in a nice wrap and hand it to her.  Fiance:  Opens it up. "Uh, thanks."  She places it back nicely in the box.  Me:  "Your not going to wear it?"  Fiance:  "Right at this very moment?"  She attempts to eat it.Me:  "What are you doing?"  Fiance:  "I'm doing what I wanted to do on Valentines Day but it ain't working out that's what I'm doing."A fight happens.  ***********Yes, guys are this naive.*************Forward to 2014 Valentines Day as Husband and WifeWife:  Text message....FOR VALENTINES DAY this is what I want Sweets Here are the numbers and names to the places.  P.S.  I know Bruno Mars tickets are not sweets but this date would be the best date ever.I find post it notes everywhere.  In my car, on the door, in my pocket, on the bathroom mirror to places where she likes desserts from.  She goes and posts on Facebook and links me to her post.  "Babe, If you haven't gotten me anything for Valentines Day this is what I want (she post emoji pictures of desserts) and a collage of Bruno Mars.  *******Yes, ladies sometimes us guys need it written out and need reminders***Ladies and guess what I did?  I got exactly what she asked for SWEETS from Sweet Peeps and Bruno Mars Tickets. SWEET PEEPS  Balls, Balls, Balls. Cake Balls= 5 stars It's all about the cake pop balls.  Sure the cakes look great but the balls are even better.  All the cake pops I've tried were moist.  Check out the minion cake pop pictures.  They just blew me away.  yelp.com/biz_photos/swee…My kids and my wife is currently into the move Frozen.  I mentioned it to the cake maker and she said she would try but it looked like a winter theme.  At least I didn't hear that sarcastic, "Uh, thanks," from my wife.Instead I heard you are the best husband and she gave me a huge hug.  My wife also likes macrons. So I ordered 2 dozen from Sweet Peeps. It didn't look like other macrons we tried.  Well it was plain looking.  White macrons with different filing.  The outside part was really sweet.  The middle part was chocolate and the other vanilla.  So you could get this at other places that sell macrons.  My family has purchased 2 fondant cakes, cupcakes, cake pops, and macaroons from Sweet Peeps.  As you can see we come on coming back.  Overall, I recommend getting the balls = (cake pops)
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,8/12/2014,676,463,10,23,20>I took my out of town friends here because Helena's is closed on the weekend and my favorite, Yama's doesn't have a dining area.  It was sort of a last ditch effort because I knew it will be pricier as I've compared menus from their Waipahu location vs. the Kakaako one.  We got in before 11AM and there was ample parking and seats available.  We ordered the lau lau and kalua pork plate (~$16) with extra orders of pipikaula and squid luau ($3.25 each with plate).  Also, an extra haupia.  Each plate comes with rice or poi, lomi salmon, roasted sweet potato, and haupia.Enough for the three of us for a light lunch.yelp.com/biz_photos/high…The food was good.  The laulau had tender pieces of chicken and kalua pig had just the right amount of saltiness and smoke flavor.  Dipped into the poi and it was winnahs.  My friend's BF from down under wasn't a huge fan of the poi so more for me!  The squid luau was one of the best I've had.  Comparable to Helena's and not as sweet as Yama's.  The pipikaula was the one I didn't care too much for.  It was dry.Prices are relatively reasonable for the amount of food they give you.  The plates could easily be shared and the add-on sides for $3.25 helps.  Service is very friendly and they are good with water refills.  I'll be back but mostly out of convenience.  My heart still belongs to Yama's as it was my first and we all remember our first time.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,8/11/2014,201,138,12,24,22>Aiea has been thirsty for a real bubble tea shop. With the area littered with yucky powdery, blended bubble tea, it is refreshing to hear that an actual bubble tea shop is finally opening around here. With a location just past Times Square on Kaahumanu Street, Tea Time Taiwan is open and ready for business! The store front is a bit tough to spot (it's facing the road) and parking can be hard to find, but it's better than driving into town. I spoke to Vance, the store manager, during their soft opening on 2/2/14. They are still working on vamping up the interior and their menu board and perfecting some of their food items, but looking forward to the official opening soon!The store is modeled like Taste Tea, in that you can select your own level of sweetness. (As a side note, I found their "regular" sweetness level, to be sugary sweet, so I'd recommend going for half the normal sweetness on your first go.) The employees are very friendly and are more than happy to customize your drink to match your preference. They also serve coffee jello and honey toast with various types of topping such as coconut, chocolate, nutella, etc. I think they may be working on bringing out some more food, but I'll find out what those are the next time I stop by.Looking forward to stopping by the place again soon--look out for an update! :)
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/10/2014,275,84,11,22,19>"Can I get a Bud Light?" Don't be BREW'd.Thankfully, 2014 is turning out to be the year of the craft beer revolution in Honolulu. REAL a gastropub has been turning out tap attacks and limited release craft brews like no other, and business has always seemed good. Cue BREW'd.BREW'd is the second pub from the owners of Real, offering up pours of the accessible and not-so-accessible (Abyss '13 on draft? SHUT YO MOUTH) craft beers to make it to the islands. If you've been to REAL, the food and standard drink selections are fairly similar - looking at the menu, you'll not notice a huge difference. Of course, their rotation of their 16 taps won't be the same, so be on the look out for those nice gems that roll through. And gems they are. Old Rasputin on Nitro? SMOOTH. The main difference between the two is the vibe. Before I go further, because of Hawaii's obsession with the "new and shiny" (did someone say "ramen burger"), the main vibe you're going to get for the next few weeks is "BUSY". Hour and a half wait for 6 people in bar on a Saturday? On opening weekend? Reasonable, considering some of the wait times at other establishments (ahem, Sweet Home Café) touted almost like a badge of honor.Aside from the long wait time, you'll find yourself in a cozy neighborhood pub, dressed up with a beautiful chalk mural along the back wall and a screen displaying the current libations on tap. Very simple, very nice. Sort of reminds you of REAL, but cleaner and less likely to overload your eardrums with live music a few feet away from you. Reminds me of several pubs & bars on the mainland tucked back in a neighborhood. Parking's kind of a pain and it's difficult to get a seat. Looking for that $3 happy hour special? Definitely not here. But the food's good, complements the concept of beer as a libation pretty nicely. When it comes down to it, though, BREW'd has their specialty and it's great to see their participation in the ever-expanding craft beer revolution in Hawaii. Okole maluna!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,8/9/2014,104,160,13,15,13>I give this bakery 5 stars just for their croissants!  That's right!  I woke up this morning on a mission - find the best croissant.  Where did I go to start my search...wait for it...Yelp!  That is right - and again, the Yelp community did not disappoint.  After reading a few reviews I decided this was the place to go - OK also the fact that it is a french bakery did help!I went up to Manoa with a little anticipation - hoping it was as good as everyone said and  trying not have any expectations, just in case.  I parked right in front of the bakery which is on the far left of the mall next to Longs Drugs.  As I walked to the door a saw a small line - now the bakery is not very large, but very clean and has a nice "Boulangerie" feel to it.  Just trust me on that one. :)There was a small line and from my vantage point in the back of the line I could see their regular croissant - golden brown and looking flaky (from the back of the bakery now!) and their ever so lightly dusted with powdered sugar, chocolate croissant.  Guess which one I went for....both.  I am not going to lie.The croissant was warm, light and flaky, with just the right hint of butter to round it all off  - I literally had a croissant moment - I have not had a good croissant until that first bite.  It was a combination of of   - "Man why have I not been here before "idiot" thought and "Wow am I glad I drove up here for this."I turned around and went back in for one more regular croissant, I was saving the chocolate one for later.  :)  The chocolate croissant was equally as brilliant - light and fluffy layers of pastry sounding a dark chocolate center - it simply melts in your month.  They have Banana Bread, Carrot Cake, Pumpkin Bread, homemade Cranberry and Mongo Scones, Mango and Lychee Danish, French Onion Soup....and the list goes on.  I am definitely recommending going there for their pastries, but will also look to have lunch up there soon and update this review on their lunch items.Another little gem on this great island of ours!  Thanks Yelpers for the spot on reviews!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,8/8/2014,442,466,36,32,33>Pastries, pies, cakes, cookies, breads and baked goods are what they are famous for.  They now also make yummy macarOns, multi-layer jello, Japanese cheesecakes and tiramisu. Dee Lite will take your orders for ANY special occasion cake (wedding, birthdays, end of school, etc) and deliver it to the closest Dee Lite or St. Germain near you. ________ end of G-rated review____________Last night we threw a party for my friend. She has 3 kids and 2 grandkids. All her friends were there, and they all have kids and grandkids too. Luckily none of the kids/grandkids were around because we ordered a delicious cake with an R-rated MALE ORGAN CAKE TOPPING (it's a penis cake, but don't call it that). I had seen this when Kyle H posted her review several years ago (and then again when it was ROTD!) and have been waiting patiently for the right opportunity to order one myself. Here are some helpful hints in case you want to order one too. 1. You must order the MALE ORGAN cake (penis cake) from the Dillingham location. IN PERSON. Don't even bother ordering that one over the phone, because they won't understand you anyway. I tried to order over the phone but when I came in to pay, they had no idea what cake I was trying to order. You have to PRE-PAY for this, so I just showed them Kyle's picture and said "I want THIS cake" and they knew exactly what I wanted. They also make a FEMALE ORGAN cake, but I don't know what that looks like.2. THAT THING IS HUGE. It looks like the (ahem) male organ has gotten bigger over the years. Not sure if this is because customers complained or due to some Viagra enhancement. The cake we ordered was 8"x8" and the topper was 12" from balls to the tip of the head. I measured. When I opened the box all I could say was "OMG!" I just wasn't prepared to see such a huge one. Really.3. It's $44.50 just for the male organ. The 8x8 cake was $16.50. You can put the decoration on any size or type of cake you want. We had a guava chiffon cake which everyone enjoyed and the guest of honor got to eat the topping. We put it in her fridge so she can continue to enjoy it for a few more days. (For $44.50, I wasn't throwing that away!)4. Although it is very tempting, do not touch the male organ! It is spray painted so once you touch it, it will leave a white fingerprint. I left a fingerprint.5. You can eat it. But not all of it. There is a cardboard inside and they cover it with cream frosting. There's no way one person can eat all of it. It's just too damn big.7. Keep it refrigerated or it will start to fall over. You want to make sure that male organ stands up. Ours started to fall over before it was time. You don't want that to happen to you, so pick it up on your way to the party because that box won't fit in any fridge.I debated about whether I should post the picture of the cake. This morning one of the ladies said  "I think that cake really got to me, I had dreams about it last night!" Whoa I didn't know how to respond to that one. So there are already two pictures up from before, just know that it looked bigger in real life. And how many times does that ever happen?
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,8/7/2014,408,240,12,11,12>Lillian was awesome!I normally go to a nail place near this one in Kaimuki to get my eyebrows done but saw this one and decided to try it out. I called first and LillIan told me to come right in. Everyone was friendly and the place was clean and bright! Okay, I have to be honest and admit something. I have completely wild and disobedient eyebrows.... They hate being tamed. I often get comments from the salon staff.... Not fun :( But Lillian made me feel at ease and just asked me what I liked and how I wanted my brows to look. Definitely not the normal eyebrow experience that I dread! They have a yelp deal right now as they are expanding their nail business. I am excited to take advantage of this in the future! I am definitely coming back for more great customer service, excellent salon services and beautiful facilities!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,8/6/2014,186,203,10,13,11>I just LOVE Sugarcane!  It saddens me to see that this place doesn't have better ratings, because we need more shops like Sugarcane here on Oahu!  I love supporting locally owned boutiques, where you can get to know the owners and actually KNOW who you are supporting when shopping there. Every time I've shopped here, the owner has been nothing but nice and she obviously has great taste because everything in the store is just perfection. Sugarcane is whimsical, vintage, shabby chic counterpart to my other favorite local boutique, Quince.  A girl has got to have options right?  Sometimes I feel very "old soul" and other times I feel like the modern woman that I am (or at least think I am in my head).  So when I am feeling my "old soul" self, and am craving a good vintage find, I come to Sugarcane.  I sometimes feel like my "island-beachy" self, in which case I  find myself once again in Sugarcane.  I am in LOVE with their pillow covers.  It's very "Kaypee Soh" but for a much more affordable price.  And whenever I need a great baby gift, this is the place to come!  Lots of super cute locally made baby items here! Parking is in a paid lot, but there must be a grace period because I never end up paying for parking when I visit Sugarcane.  Maybe 15 minutes?  30 minutes?  Not sure, but even if you stay past the grace period, parking is so cheap.  In fact, go and grab lunch from Cafe Laufer while you're at it, or get an ice cream cone from Pillbox.  I love Sugarcane and it's definitely 5 star worthy in my books!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,8/5/2014,779,223,11,14,16>What do you do when you're in town, you need to do some shopping, get a quick and delicious meal and quickly run off to your next adventure?  You eat at Kimukatsutei of course! Located in the top floor of Shirokiya next to the beer garden, Kimukatsutei is a food staple for the department store.  With a few solid choices of regular tonkatsu, tamago tonkatsu, katsu curry, kimu moco don, tonkatsu sandwich and a new bento item, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.I usually get the curry katsu since it's the most filling but sometimes I really feel like eating a ton of tonkatsu sauce so I will opt for something more traditional.  The potato salad is a nice touch adding a little bit of richness to the savory main dish.  No need buy a drink if you get the combo since you can drink the miso soup.  The layers of tonkatsu are a nice vessel for tonkatsu sauce as you can see here:yelp.com/biz_photos/kimu…I feel like some days I eat more sauce than katsu... yes I have a problem.This is the combo, quite a bit of food:yelp.com/biz_photos/kimu…When you're fungry and in the Ala Moana area, check this place out.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,8/4/2014,230,143,12,17,18>GIGANTIC PORTIONS! GREAT VALUE! This place will give you "THE TRUE KANAK ATTACK"! This is the place to stop by if you are by the airport! Their regular plate will last you for 2 meals or feed 2 people for 1 meal! LOL!   Local and American food served. Also, Breakfast served all day!FOOD1) JOE MOCO- Homemade Corned Beef Hash, Fried Rice, 2 eggs, 2 pieces of bacon, & gravy! PHEW!  This will satisfy your hungry palate and fill your belly to the brim! Their special dish!2) CHICKEN KATSU - Crispy and had more of a sweet chili sauce for dipping! Interestingly different, but good!3) PORK ADOBO - Hefty pieces, lots of taste, a popular filipino staple dish!4) ROAST PORK - Hmmm, too salty for me.ENVIRONMENTLocated in the industrial airport area. High stools and 2 tables available. So if you got small kids it's best to take out!SERVICENice, but very slow the two times I've been there. I phone ordered my food and it still was not ready when I picked it up. So make sure you are not in a rush!CONCLUSIONComing back for such great value and portion!!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,8/3/2014,765,197,9,18,14>The one thing I love better than good restaurants is finding good restaurants withing walking distance of my house!  And, even better than the restaurant is run by a wonderful Italian lady.  On most nights, Sabrina will be at your table two or three times.   I have been to Sabrina's a couple of times over the last 10 years and found their food to be quite good.  First, they are BYOB and they are happy to open your wine for you without a corkage fee.  Their staff is friendly and they will warn you that good Italian food is not always fast, so don't come expecting to be out in 30 minutes.  And, they are closed on Monday nights. They are a bit hard to find (they are in the same tiny set of buildings as Fat Greek.) They do take credit cards.  Parking is tight in the tiny lot in front of the restaurant but there is pay parking across the street next to City Mill.  Come before 6 or after 8:30 if you don't want to wait.   During the busy periods the dining room is a bit crowded and can be noisy. My favorite dishes are the Ravioli Marinara and the Gnocchi In Meat Sauce.   And, save room for some Cannoli!  But, also ask if they have any nightly special desserts.  One of my companions had the Black Squid Ink pasta and said it was delicious (a bit to weird for my palate) and the other had the Penne with Italian Sausage.  (I did sample this and it was good!)I definitely recommend Sabrinas.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,8/2/2014,271,404,19,25,25>I only found about this place earlier this week.  It all started when I saw fellow Elite John N. post his sandwich pic from here on Facebook.  The mixed avocado sandwich.  One look at it and I was like "OMG..............."  So I marked this place high on my list of places to try.So, when I received a text from a friend earlier today asking if I had plans for lunch, I strongly suggested this place.  Fortunately he agreed and we came here for lunch at about 1230pm.This coffee house is one of the handful of Korean operated establishments under this address.  My friend got here first and sent me a text warning me about the hideous parking and that he suggested I find street parking.As I arrived my friend fortunately saved a table as they seem to be a high-demand item here!  Shortly after sitting down I observed several couples looking for a table after realizing no tables were open on the ground floor.  They went to check the upstairs seating only to come back down...Because of John N. I ordered the mixed avocado sandwich:  avocado, alfalfa sprouts, shredded carrots, homemade coleslaw, pickles, egg and ham served between slightly toasted wheat bread.  With your sandwich you can choose from a side salad or chips (Funyuns) and it comes with a cup of coffee.  The sandwich is just under $10 but it is sure MASSIVE.  It was sort of hot and muggy so the staff told me for 50 cents, I can upgrade my drink to the iced Spero Spear coffee, which I did.The food came out quite quickly and I was in awe when I took the first look at it.  You can see the various layers of veggies and protein between the bread.  Wrapped nicely with parchment paper, it was convenient as this sandwich can be messy, depending on how you attack this beast!One word to describe this sandwich:  refreshing.  You can taste the avocado, sprouts and slaw then you enjoy the crunch of the carrots and slaw.  As you take more bites you get into the pickle and meats and the sandwich is dressed with a pseudo Thousand Island dressing that brings this sandwich together.The side salad was a small portion of wild greens and julienne carrots dressed lightly with olive oil and balsamic vinegar topped with sliced almonds.  I was advised the sandwich usually comes with some potato wedges but because they were all out, sliced bananas were substituted.My iced Spero Spera coffee had a unique flavor.  It was unsweetened so I added some Splenda and a dairy creamer, which made my drink yummy!My friend, who I later found out he doesn't like avocados, tomatoes and mushrooms, pretty much didn't have a large selection to choose from as most of the sandwiches here have those ingredients.  But he ended up getting the salami potato sandwich, which I thought was an interesting combo as I read it on the wall.  It was served between french bread and seasoned with some type of dried Italian herb mix.  I tried it and it was really good. I'm not much of a fan of spuds but this was indeed a unique sandwich.The staff came back to check up on us as she knew it was both our first time here.  We were very satisfied with this place and I'll sure be back again.NOTE:  1) Parking here is an issue.  Because this coffee shop shares the parking stalls with other establishments it's competitive.  Or, as my friend had experienced today, he was asked 3x to move his car to make way for other cars to leave!  Because I was warned I parked on the street and the parking lot attendant even asked me which one was my car so that I could move it, not knowing I parked on the street!2) Credit cards accepted here.Regardless of the bad parking issue, the good food and outstanding service deserve a 5-star rating from me.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,8/1/2014,1117,333,51,41,44>Coco Puffs! There I said it and that's what you were looking for...Coco Puffs!!!What kind of Coco Puff connoisseur are you?A) The Licker: The type of person that licks that delicious chantilly frosting top off first and slowly eats the Coco Puff cherishing each bite.B) The Dissector: The type of person that eats their Coco Puff in sections,frosting,Puff top, chocolate pudding center and ends with the bottom.C) The Shark: Type type of person who just has a Big Smile on their face and demolishes that Coco Puff in a few bites, then looking for more of those heavenly morsels to devour!Luckily you don't have to wait in a long line to get some, just go to the refrigerated case located on the left as you enter the bakery and grab several pre-boxed 6pks, turn around, take few steps and pay for it at the cashier. No Waiting in line!There are normally different lines in this small bakery filled with mouth watering food and delights.1)The long ass line to get a seat at the food counter to get your grub on.2)The line of peeps with sharp claws holding a ticket and waiting for their number to get called so they can get some treats from the pastry display cases.(DON'T CUT IN LINE OR YOU'LL GET YOUR EYE'S SCRATCHED OUT!)3) The short if any line to pay the for your goodies which you're going to share...well maybe...hehe!Don't be discouraged when you see tons of people waiting through the glass windows when you turn into their driveway, just find a parking in one of the many stalls, take a deep breath and go for it! The wait isn't as long as you think and getting your hands on those Coco Puff is totally worth it!  ...Did I say how GOOD those Coco Puffs are?!?!*Open Everyday except Monday.....
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,7/31/2014,82,256,5,13,13>After finding out there was a new crab boil place in town, HC and I decided to check it out with a group of our friends last Friday night.  My friend called to make a reservation, but when we got there at 6, the place was empty.  Decided to start with the fried seafood platter, which came with fried shrimp, oysters, calamari, scallops, and fries.  You can choose the flavoring for your fries.  We chose Kajun.  For our seafood, we got the combo #1, which comes with snow crab legs, crawfish, clams, shrimp, potatoes, corn, and rice.  We chose the house sauce (excellent!) medium spice (because HC can't handle spicy).Considering we had a group of 7, the food came out fairly quickly.  Fried platter came out first and was quickly devoured.  I liked the scallops best out of the fried stuff.  Combo was a good choice for the two of us to share.  My other friends got a side order if hot sauce to dip their food into.  I have to remember to do that next time I go.HC and I ended up going back last night for date night.  Walked in around 9 and there was only one other couple there.  It looked like there had been some big parties earlier.  Instead of getting a combo, we just got a pound of shrimp and clams with the house sauce (medium spice of course), baked mussels (10 for $10), and an order of fried calamari.  Food came out quickly and everything was tasty!  Service was again too-notch!I'd read on another review that the owners of Kickin Kajun now own this restaurant.  Love that there is way more parking and the space is bigger.  The idea of having rubbish "buckets" in the middle of the tables is mind-blowingly ingenious!  Prices are reasonable, food is delicious, and the service is impeccable.  Everyone there is super-friendly and helpful.  I think I found the restaurant that may replace Sweet Home for date night.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,7/30/2014,157,226,8,12,12>Yummy bread and butter for Natalie? Check!Large portions of garlicky goodness for daddy? Check!Prices are nice for a family on a budget for mommy? Check!Ok, I'll admit...walking into Palazzo I had quite low expectations for the restuarant. However, in the end my family really liked it. We have found our go to restaraunt in our area.As we entered we were greeted promptly and with a smile by Loc. He is a customer service machine! Smiles and talks story everytime he walks by no matter how busy the restaurant got and trust me it got busy on a Sunday night. Loc offered and brought us water and hot bread regularly. We also had another person who was our main waiter but Loc was da man! He made time to entertain my toddler!!  I ordered Chicken Casino (off the menu item- I saw a yelp pic of it and asked for it). It was a delicious,hearty pasta filled with chicken, bacon, mushrooms, and garlic. So delicious!! My husband order the veal saltimbocca. I must say portions are generous and entrees are flavorful! It's a win win!!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,7/29/2014,371,155,22,22,21>I have two words for you: MEXICAN COFFEE.I have another word for you: HORCHATA.If that doesn't mean anything to you, I have one final word for you: CHURRO.Now can anyone tell me what these words have in common? Anyone? No...Mexican coffee is not the cocktail that I recommend you drink before going out to the discoteca to shake your horchata. A Mexican Coffee is a drink served at Verde Kaimuki that mixes iced coffee with a Horchata (a cinnamon flavored rice drink that tastes like you're drinking a Churro) and it is AMAZEBALLS!!!! ("Amazeballs" is a level above amazing.)I have also had their breakfast tacos, which are also amazeballs! Of course, I'm reviewing breakfast food again. I don't actually think I eat other meals?! Well...not here, because breakfast is served ALL DAY! (So is lunch and dinner...) Handmade soft taco shells stuffed with your choice of meat OR soyrizo (which tastes awesome! and I don't typically like "soy meat"...who does?!) and a variety hot, mild, or medium salsas. Super yummy, super filling! Dine in or take out. Lots of parking in the metered lot behind the restaurant....or right outside on Waialae if you're lucky! Shockingly, I actually don't know if they have a bathroom or how nice it is...an update is on the horizon!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,7/28/2014,695,1184,10,15,13>This new Pho restaurant used to be the Legends Vegetarian restaurant. I often come here when it was the vegetarian restaurant with family, but I guess the owners wanted to catch the craze with Pho and Vietnamese cuisine, so they transitioned this place from a strict Chinese restaurant to a more mixed Vietnamese restaurant that has Chinese dishes too.  I wanted to check this place out, ahead of the planed UYE event, slated for 03/21/2014, just to get the inside info about this place. The reviews for Pho 88 was pretty good, with an average 4 star rating, so it had to be good. Shouldn't it? After reading the reviews, I was like, why not, and so I came here after a day at the office on a Saturday. Yup, Saturday. Making the $$, so I can fly to Europe this year. But anyways, here I was at 2:30pm in Chinatown Cultural Plaza and I had to use the map on the Elevator to see where Pho 88 was. It took me a little while before realizing where it was. First time for everything, I suppose.Pho 88 Vietnamese restaurant is not really a pure authentic Vietnamese restaurant at all. Especially, when I knew that it was a Chinese restaurant before the transition.  Pho 88 is located in the Chinatown Cultural Plaza, located at 100 North Beretania Street. The restaurant is basically next to Legends Seafood Restaurant is. Took me a while to realize this and I circled the entire complex looking for it, until I looked at the map directory for the right direction. With that said, this place is pretty clean. I stepped into the restaurant and I stood there and nobody would help me. There was a guy just standing there watching the big screen tv and wow, that was rude. 3 minutes later, a lady stepped out from the back and asked what I wanted. Rude again, but she told to sit anywhere. Must be a family business, since I happened to be at a table overhearing a conversation about going to college. Turns out that one of the owner's daughters was seeking advice on how to go about picking the right internships and scholarships opportunities she wanted to do. And she wanted to see New York University later this summer. The restaurant was basically empty, with me occupying a paying table.The restaurant is small, but has about 10 tables. The walls were decorated with Chinese art and symbolism, which makes you wonder if it's really a Vietnamese place or one that is owned by the Chinese? The proof is in the menu, I suppose. The service was pretty good and the owner was very welcoming and friendly. I had looked at the menu before taking photos of it, so that was fun.  My time here was kind of short. I ordered the large combination Pho with extra noodles. When I cashed out, he didn't charge me extra for the noodles, which I thought was fabulous.  As I was eating, I listen to the conversation about colleges, while the flat screen tv was blaring old school Chinese programming. I swear that I was in a Chinese restaurant, but eating Pho. It was definitely weird and odd at the same time, but whatever. Service was good and they take credit cards, so that's always an awesome thing. I also ordered summer rolls, but in a to go box, just in case I was just full up from the Pho itself. Thank god I didn't overkill on both of them at one sitting!The Pho itself was pretty good. The both was medium brownish, so you can tell it had some flavor to it, but not that much. I prefer it to be dark. Darker the better. Just like chocolate. Darker the better. More flavor if it is darker. The ambiance was good, although the tv blaring out Chinese language didn't really motivate me that I was in a Vietnamese restaurant at all. Especially when we were in Chinatown, of all places. Still, this restaurant was pretty good. Not sure now of the high star rating, but the food was good, although not mind blowing good, but the service was great, AFTER I sat down. But seriously, don't act like I don't exist and run away before someone else has to notice and then seat me. Ugh. That was interesting, but still. The experience was decidedly typical, but the rudeness can be excusable.  The Pho was alright, although the bowl was huge and the cuts of meat were delicious. I would say that it was nothing special, but the portions were generous. It filled me up and never let me down one bit.3.5 stars, rounded to 4.0.Support local!B
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,7/27/2014,377,585,5,7,9>The family and I visited for lunch today and this is what I discovered:Easy to find.Parking is limited if you want to park right in front of the restaurant, but if you don't mind a little walk, parking really isn't an issue since the parking lot for the shopping complex is pretty large.Upon entering, the family and I were greeted immediately and offered an explanation of the menu and any items on it.  This wasn't necessary since I'm originally from South Carolina and everything on it was familiar, but it was nice to be asked.Counter service, although a little different, worked out nicely and they were efficient with the orders.They use an iPad method of payment (credit card) which is something I've never seen before, but it worked out just fine.Restaurant has A/C and ceiling fans.  This is extremely important because of the location (Aiea) being on the WARM side of town.Ample seating with a very nice family atmosphere.Pricey even by Hawaii standards.Discount for military.We ordered:Fried Chicken thighs (3) with two sides (black eyed peas and fries) and cornbread. $14.99* The chicken was fantastic ! Beautifully cooked with the perfect amount of breading.        Outside was crispy but not dry.  Inside was moist and well seasoned.* The black eyed peas were delicious, although I thought that some ham hock would have taken the experience over the top.* Fries.  You know that it isn't easy to make a perfect fry, yet they managed to do a great job......LOVED THEM.**** Cornbread, couldn't have done better myself ............ GREAT JOB,   ordered one to go. YUM !!Hot wings (8) with one side (mac-n-cheese).  $11.99* Wings were very good, not too spicy and the flavor was nice.* Mac-n-cheese was good, baked,  but I felt that something was missing.  It might have been the bacon I'm used to in SC.Unfortunately, they were out of deviled eggs and ribs, both of which I have read great things about and was excited to give them a shot.  Next time !!The sweet tea was a sugar bomb!  Obviously, I thought it was a little TOO sweet for my taste, but that's probably the reason that I make my own tea (that won't send someone into a diabetic coma).The staff should be commended..... They were fantastic, attentive, and made their guests feel at home.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,7/26/2014,145,245,9,9,10>What a great place to cater for a business seminar.  I was a little worried that we would have enough food but after the trays were rolled out, there was enough and the attendees loved it so much that there were very few leftovers.  After working out our budget with the owner (Stella) and the amount of people, it came out to $11 person.  Her English is very good, much better than my Americanized Cantonese.  The breakdown:Shrimp balls or har gau - skin was not too thick or thin, shrimp was good size and cooked perfectly.  A very good choice, no leftovers here.Bean curd - generous portions of meat in the middle, gravy was seasoned perfectly and didn't make the pieces soggy either.  Very few leftovers.Beef balls - see aboveChar siu bao (baked) - generous portions of meat in the middle and the bun was baked perfectly, not burnt or undercooked.  Some leftovers here (is it because everyone was getting full?) but was snatched in a second.Egg custard - classic dessert dish, nice flaky exterior, ditto here for the leftovers but again was grabbed in a second.Chicken chow mein - the best thing I love about this dish is that the gravy is not too overwhelming and allows the noodles to stay crispy.  Had 5 orders of this and it was a huge pan, and it was gone right away. Big pieces of chicken and fresh veggies were used.  Zero leftovers.Fried rice - the standard, but nothing wrong here.  Huge pan of this for 5 orders.With the price increases in the other dim sum places around town, it's now very reasonable priced at $3.10 for a small dish.Highly recommended!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,7/25/2014,252,90,7,12,10>Finally a place that I can get a massage with the frequency that I'd like (every week) for a reasonable price.  And it's 10 minutes away from my house! Yay!This place has got to be the best deal that I have seen for a massage, even better than Groupon . It's $25 for a 50 minute massage.  How can you go wrong with that?Ok you have to keep in mind that the massage therapists are all in school and training, however they all try very hard and are quite attentive to your requests.  Some are definitely more skilled that others, and they practice very different styles of the "fully body massage."  For example the last time I asked for a full body massage I got a lot of lomilomi and prior to that an awesome deep tissue massage, however, I have always left feeling refreshed and if I do go in with an issue, its completely taken care of.The waiting area smells kind of funny, I have yet to figure out of what that scent is,  and the check in lady can disappear from time to time, leaving you to wonder if they are even open, but please keep in mind this is a no frills, spa experience.  If you think about it, what you pay for with those other high end spas is just the ambiance.  The massage therapists at this massage school are almost, if not just as good as some of those massage therapists that practice in those high end spas. The massages always follow the same pattern, a hot pad to warm your muscles up and then they work on your back, legs, arms, neck/shoulder area, and head and finish up by wiping all of that lotion off with warm towels.  The rooms are not rooms, but  spaces divided by thick curtains.  You can hear everything that anyone says, but they pipe spa-esque music through the sound system.  If you are wondering about cleanliness, it has always been very clean every time I have been here, and the sheets always smell fresh.Parking is always plentiful and please remember to bring cash as that is the only form of payment they take.  Enjoy your massage experience!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,7/24/2014,95,85,6,10,7>You know how they say breakfast is the most important meal of the day? I often disregard that and trek through my morning without food. It's not healthy, I know. But enter Moke's Bread and Breakfast. Now I WISH I ate more breakfast...especially here!I've been here twice in the last month and here's my take:Homemade corned beef hash (with eggs, hash browns, and a cinnamon apple muffin) - YUM. I absolutely loved their corned beef hash. It paired nicely with the eggs and potatoes so I was in heaven.Lilikoi pancakes - I'll be passing on this next time. It was way too sweet and a bit mushy for my liking. Considering their huge portion sizes, I honestly couldn't have had more than three bites. Next time I'm craving pancakes, I think I'll shoot for somewhere else.Smoked ahi tuna melt (opted out of cheese) - YUM x2. The tuna was deliciously nestled on top of a bed of sprouts, onions, and tomatoes, then wrapped in warm, toasty wheat bread. They made me eat sprouts!! I didn't think I'd enjoy it so much because of that, but surprise!! Sprouts! Exclamation points!! Side note: I took home leftovers and they were mushy by the third hour. The chips got mushy too. Should've had it all at once.My only complaint keeping it from a five star was that my food took a loooong time to arrive. I saw the table ahead of us get their food so I expected mine would come out soon, but they were well and done before mine even arrived. Sadness.Okay, next time, I want to try the fried rice. YUM x3? Let's hope so.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,7/23/2014,362,228,16,21,20>How ever you're suppose to pronounce this place, that main thing is that it's good.  No question about it...even though I've been told by numerous people different ways, we can all agree that this place is full of deliciousness and great prices for happy hour.Coming here before a concert on a Saturday night & they have happy hour...say what? I'm a sucker for any place that has happy hour on a Saturday night...seriously! Most places it's strictly Monday through Thursday or Friday, but this place beats the rest especially since they also offer specials during the week like half off bottles of wine on Tuesdays. Your welcome.Highly recommend the mushroom escargot or even just the regular escargot.  Packed with buttery goodness and don't forget to use the bread for that extra taste in the holes.  Baked brie is oozing with cheese in every bite, and baked to perfection of a golden top. Onion soup was okay, but maybe it was because it wasn't piping hot when it came out.  The beef sliders on happy hour was delicious, and comes with fries so if you think about ordering a side of fries but already ordered the sliders, don't! I have yet to try their cocktails, but never can go wrong with wine or beer which is always a win in my book.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,7/22/2014,446,222,12,24,16>Wow, I've been coming here for years and didn't realize that I hadn't written a review for Imanas-Tei yet. What was I thinking? I was probably too busy stuffing my face with all the great food they have to offer here.If you can get around the limited parking and long wait (if you didn't think ahead to make a reservation) then there is absolutely no reason why this shouldn't be on your list of places to hit when you think Japanese Izakaya. Sushi, okazu, fried, grilled, raw, whatever you eat here it'll make you smile. Like seeing a unicorn smile.Never ordered the Chanko nabe from here yet? You're missing out on magical goodness. Go with a bigger party so you can try more dishes on top of the chanko nabe.  Hot date? You'll impress him/her with this place. They'll love the sushi and all the other things you order from here. A perfect dinner would be some sushi, a couple side dishes and the chanko nabe. Did I also mention that you can come on the later side and settle your belly with some Ochazuke? Park at Puck's Alley if you can't find parking. Go get validated at Nijiya market place after buying a few breath mints.  Or you can chance it by waiting out the parking attendant who will sometimes be out by 7pm. They leave the gate up after that and you can leave the lot w/o having to pay. Smooth.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,7/21/2014,229,369,2,18,10>My bf and I stumbled upon this place by accident, as we live around the corner to this place. We didn't know what to expect but we always saw Japanese chefs in there preparing meals for the people sitting around the bar area. The restaurant seemed to be on the fancy side, and I was sort of intimidated to go in and check it out in our very casual attire and no reservations. But my bf was very curious about the place so we decided to go in and check it out. We found out that it is a kaiseki style restaurant, in which they serve small courses of Japanese food, all prix fixe for about $50/person. The courses were really tiny but all were very good. I was even surprised at how full I felt at the end of the meal. Apparently the menu changes every month, so there's always new items to look forward to. Everything about this place is outstanding...the food, service, ambIance, decor, etc. I def recommend this place to anyone who's considering a meal like this. Great for special occasions, but also for a nice meal with your partner or friends.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,7/20/2014,62,217,9,21,5>SO, as much as I would love to give Studio 6 five stars, I simply can not do it. I'm just being honest with myself, the studio, and the Yelp family. My first time here was when Studio 6 only had 6 reviews on Yelp. I was desperate, needed a hair cut, and needed to bring life back to my hair in general. I scheduled an appointment for the day I called and was told that Ikaika would be my stylist. (Side note: I've been going to Ikakia and Studio 6 since last August now) When I got to the salon, there was easy parking and plenty of it. The salon is surrounded by Korean food, a dance studio, and a dialysis center. I walked through the double doors and was greeted with a smile and "hello." I took a seat on the oddly slanted and uncomfortable gray chair by the window and that's when the woman asked if I was there to see Ikaika. I said yes, she handed me a client form to fill out--- standard. As I completed my form I noticed a small-font print out near the computer on the desk that said the credit card processor was down. SAY WHAT? I only carry plastic. Why didn't they say on the phone the processor was down? (Side note 2: The processor works as of today but does not accept AMEX) Dammit! Off to the ghetto pink building down the street I go. I withdraw money for enough to cover a cut, color, and tip. Or so I thought. . .(Side note 3: I had to go to the ghetto pink building a second time after my hair was done as service prices were listed incorrectly online and I was going off online prices)Come back, take a seat, look around. . the ground hasn't been swept recently. The walls are black and white. The lighting is far too dim for a studio that dyes hair. There is no place to set my bag down and why hasn't anyone asked me if I'd like some water, coffee, or tea? Even a cookie. . I'll take a cookie. So maybe I have high salon expectations. I'm just being real. All I'm asking for just a little bit more comfort and some water when I am sitting on this booty for 2-3 hours. Also, please acknowledge not only me, but anyone else who walks into the salon. Whether you're in the middle of processing or cutting, a simple "hello" or "how are you" goes a very long way. And I love Ikaika. Really, I do. I love my hair. He has given it life, love, and extra curly curls. (Side note 4: This is so not your queue to go request an appt. with him now!) P.S. Studio 6 has wonderful monthly specials and deals!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/19/2014,97,90,8,15,11>Salted Lemon has been in the works for a few weeks now; they used to be the owners of Bob's Market two stores up, but have come back to spruce up old, dingy Liliha with a juice bar (and soon to be sandwich shop)!Lisa and Patrick are super friendly and let me try sample cups of some new juices they were working on -- who knew basil, ginger, and pineapple were so good?! I ended up buying THREE 16 oz. smoothies at $7 a pop and drank half of each one before I passed them on to everyone else, hehe.Going Green is a mild taste with kale, cucumber, and ginger, so if you want something crisp and clean tasting, I highly recommend. I also had one with pineapple/orange and one with apple/basil, but can't remember the names...they also do Thai gingerades and papaya boats!I really hope they do well here because it makes me feel awesome when I see change and modernization come to a crappy little neighborhood like Liliha. Five stars!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/18/2014,434,95,15,24,20>G'day, mate!  (It had to be said.)  Moving on.  Bill's Sydney is a pretty cool place, and I felt it deserved a review even though I've only been there once so far.  Here is the story...When my yelp friends started posting pictures of Bill's Sydney, I was like, yeah, whatever.  That was until my friend Wayne C. told me that it was actually a good place, and that I needed to drop what I was doing and go there.  Now, Wayne tends to be a drama queen sometimes, so I didn't take his advice literally.  However, I did bookmark the place, and then inquired with other friends, who kept repeating to me that I needed to go there.So, one fine day, I did just that.  My significant other, Alexi, picked me up on a weekday morning, and we were off.  "Where are we going?" he asked.  "Just follow the GPS."  Yeah, I didn't want to tell him all about the place, but rather to let him have his own reaction.  And I hadn't had coffee yet, and was most likely in a bad mood.  (I tend to hate the world until at least half a cup. :-D )  I had made a reservation via Yelp's OpenTable tie-in thingy, which I absolutely love.  When we had found the place and parked across the street at the Bank of Hawaii parking structure ($6 parking!), we entered into Bill's Sydney.  We were greeted by a multitude of greeting-type people who were standing behind a big desk thing.  I smugly let them know that I had a reservation.  Yeah, that reservation totally wasn't necessary at this time of day, but, hey, it made me feel cool, and you never do know!We sat for a minute, while they fetched a runner from the Outback.  The runner then said hallo and guided us up the beautiful staircase into the main upstairs restaurant.  It is absolutely exquisite up there, and we were seated inside, but near the open air windows.  (There was construction outside, or I would have tried to get outdoor seats.)Our waiter came almost instantly, and the rest of the service from the guy (Reuben) was just as good.  I had read in someone else's review that the service wasn't spot on, but they couldn't have had this guy, then.  Reuben made our experience great.  He was super helpful in deciding what to order, as well as giving me some interesting facts about the chef's decisions, and their waiter training.  (For example, you cannot order egg whites here:  They have a specific way that the chef wants things done, and they are not allowed to stray from that -- crazy, right?  But it's an art, so I understand.)Reuben saw that I was taking pics of the menu, and offered to get me a copy of their lunch and dinner menus just so I could see them, too.  He went above and beyond, which I really appreciated.  He seemed to care about the restaurant so much, it truly seemed as if he were the owner, or had some stake in the company.  He was excited about it, and it showed.On the recommendations of yelpers Wayne C. and Gary N. we ordered the Ricotta Pancakes.  We also ordered the toasted coconut bread (with local butter), and the "Full Aussie Breakfast," in addition to two Americanos.  The coffee was excellent, and, since it's an espresso-based drink, there are not free refills.  This is understandable, but a little annoying to someone like me who drinks A LOT of coffee.  Also, the Americanos took a little while to come out, which could have been faster, in my honest opinion.  The bartender/barista seemed a little distracted, but hey, maybe it was an off day for him. (Our toasted coconut bread actually came out before the coffee.)The coconut bread rocked, and I would recommend it. It is the consistency of a banana bread, almost, but super coconutty, and with the butter?  Amazing!  The Ricotta pancakes were good, but they weren't life-changing to me.  I suggest trying them, if you're a pancake lover, but it wasn't the top thing on my list from there.The Full Aussie Breakfast was the winner for me.  It's menu description reads:  "scrambled organic eggs, sourdough toast, bacon, cumin roast tomato, miso mushrooms, pork and fennel sausage."  IT WAS SO GOOD!  Seriously!  To warn you, the "bacon" is some weird Australian version of bacon, which is very similar to Canadian Bacon.  (The food, not the awesome movie.)  The toast was delish, the "bacon" was tasty, the sausages were great....the miso mushrooms were PERFECT, the tomato I think was gross because I don't like tomatoes but Alexi liked it, but most of all:  THE SCRAMBLED EGGS WERE THE BEST SCRAMBLED EGGS I'VE EVER HAD.  Get the scrambled eggs.  Seriously.  I asked Reuben how they were so good, and he explained to me the light seasoning, the addition of cream, and the slow cooking.  I am so impressed with the eggs.  I guess they're known for them... but it's so obvious as to why.  Because they're so freaking good.  (BTW, get the scrambled eggs.)As a whole, food was a 4, but the service from Reuben made the restaurant a 5.  The zen-ness of the whole place was spectacular, and I'll be back.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,7/17/2014,900,386,29,34,29>I think I'm in MAD LOVE!*swoon*Okay, I admit it... I know I'm in LOVE!Okay, fine! I know most of you are in love with the actual "Unko Clay"! I'm jealous, fine! He's too giggly for moi, but dang it... His Shave Ice is CRACK! I'm in MAD LOVE!-Want a "GOOD" addiction?-Want something that makes you *DROOL* just looking at it?-Want DA BEST Shave Ice EVAR? -Want to Talk Story with someone with PURE ALOHA?-Want to fall in MAD LOVE?Look no further... You get all the above and more at Uncle Clay's House of Pure Aloha!There's a reason HOPA has 300+ reviews & still holds a PERFECT 5-STARS!UNKO'S HOPA AMBIANCE:Very clean with awesome natural light. Airy with café style tables to the right. Order counter towards the left. Tiny retail section w/ HOPA shirts & caps tucked near the entrance wall. (1) Menu to the left with start of order & choice of syrups. (2) Next, is the toppings if you want any. (3) Next, pay your 5 bucks + change gladly! (4) Have a seat and enjoy and watch all the "Ooo's & Ahh's" as everyone grubs away! *drools*I came here after a day of surfing & felt right at home! Sand on okole and all- no worries! Very casual relaxed vibe at HOPA! GRADE: AUNKO'S HOPA SHAVE ICE:Oooh-Maaah-Gawwwwd! First, everything HOPA serves is natural! Again, natural! No high fructose glucose artificial here! It's all NA-TU-RAL! How the heck? And it's so incredibly Oooh-Maaah-Gawwwwd! Yes, they serve drinks & other stuff, but word! That HOPA SHAVE ICE IS OFF DA HOOK! On my last visit, I had the regular size ($4.00) with two flavors. I chose the Lilikoi and the Rich Chocolate (wanted something different & the clerk said it was her fav). I then added Tahitian Vanilla Ice Cream as a topping ($1.50 more). Total was $5.50 and you know what? It's DA BEST $5.50 EVAR spent this side of China Walls!It was like #foodporn #foodgasm layered on my taste buds! The Lilikoi had the zing of REAL fruit & the Chocolate literally melted in my mouth! Oooh-Maaah-Gawwd! *drools*GRADE: A+UNKO'S HOPA STAFF:The staff is younger, but quite friendly! All nice local & Hapa kids with no pretentious vibe about themselves. Just a bunch of cute kids that have fun working! BONUS POINT for NOT CALLING ME UNKO! Lmao! They have a good system going here!Of course, Unko Clay in the flesh, is usually here too... If you really know his HUMBLE STORY & very local upbringing... Your respect will grow even more. TRUST. GRADE: AOVERALL GRADE: 4.9-STARS! (DA BEST!)I've been here a couple times, but not sure why not a zillion times more! I mean I'm *drooling* writing this... Mmm. Maybe I simply don't want to get addicted to something, well addictive! Yup, that's it! Or, maybe, just maybe, I think Unko Clay is pretty dang cute too!!! *swoon* Shhh.Hmm, what should I get next? *drools* Yup, I recommend Unko Clay & HOPA! Swoon:"To be overwhelmed by ecstatic joy, a state of ecstasy or rapture. Used online as an action, to show that someone is attracted or interested in someone or something." -Urban Dictionary*swoon* Yup, pretty much;)LIVE ALOHA...YELP REVIEW #223
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,7/16/2014,52,99,11,20,18>Holy head-on shrimp! First time here, and was a little worried based on reviews. This was one of the DDD stops, but hey, that guy comes and goes. Went at 1130, so right in the middle of the day. Ambience is as reported elsewhere. 5-6 two-seat tables, a counter by the window. Had the Shoreline with their creamy ahi. Didn't expect much from the description. However...PROs:+ furikake salmon was cooked perfectly--tender, flaky, juicy. Beautiful color. Thick crust of furikake with a sweet glaze underneath. Good sized portion. Fresh.+ head-on shrimp were HUGE, garlicky, and cut down the back. Read reviews about it not being cleaned, but mine was. Pulled the legs off easily, and the shell was thin enough to eat. Don't get gutter brain, but...I LOOOOOVE SUCKING HEADFAT!! + mesclun greens were clean, tender, fresh. Little cup of sauce on the side, but greens were so sweet I didn't need it.+ Casian (Cajun-Asian) blackened fish also cooked beautifully. Crispy crust, tender interior, moist, flavorful without being salty.+ brown rice done well+ plenty of free parking all over, even with the Starbucks and Longs there+ free drink refills+ a LOT of cleaning going on while we were there, which we like to see+ accepts credit cards+ great value at less than $12. Just see the pictures.MAYBEs:@ creamy ahi was clean and fresh, but could've used a little more salt/heat as a stand-alone item. In the plate, it provided good balance.TIP:If you bring your receipt within a week and buy any plate over $6.95, you get a free 1/4lb of poke! TIP 2:10% military discount!! Hoo-ah!Chef was an older guy with a mustache(?), and per the sweet girl at the front, he's usually there in the mornings but the chefs do change. Will be looking for him next time we're out that way. Would return.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/15/2014,133,117,12,12,12>Floresta Nature Doughnuts is located at the old 99 Ranch Market; as you enter, head to the right and it should be the first vendor.Mochi and other small Japanese snacks are for sale here, but what got me to head all the way down to Mapunapuna from Makaha is their donuts. Just check out the pictures, these are the cutest freakin' donuts I've ever seen! After reading up a bit more about Floresta, I was in love; organic soy milk, a combination of unprocessed flour and whole wheat flour, and no artificial preservatives? I'm for it!There are four kinds of animal donuts: Chocolate Bear, Green Tea Frog, Cafe au Lait Cat, and Strawberry Pig. At $2.25 a pop, they're adorable, although may take a while to make - I was there around 10:30am and they were still decorating trays to go into the refrigerated case. If this is the case whenever you stop by, you don't have to wait; just tell them what designs and quantities you want and they'll make them for you.They also have other flavors of donuts for sale - regular Chocolate, Green tea, Cafe au Lait, Strawberry, Salted Caramel, Plain, and Powdered Sugar are just a few, and all are around the $1.50 mark or lower.Each order gets packed in a super cute black travel box which is taped shut. Signs on the refrigerated case state that the donuts will keep for 3 months if frozen, but mine didn't make it out of the parking lot. The donut itself tastes like andagi, but less oily. The frostings are all smooth and delicately sweet with a solid texture that is most similar to a thick ice cream bar coating. The flavors are also delicate, and pair nicely with the andagi flavor of the donut. If you're a fan of Dunkin' Donuts or Krispy Kreme, these might not do it for you, but they're definitely worth a try.Open 10am-3pm (I'm not sure about all the days), this place is cash only so come prepared for that. The only complaint I have about Floresta is I nearly burst a blood vessel trying to bite that first donut as it innocently gazed up at me - I powered through it though OM NOM NOM!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,7/14/2014,235,50,12,19,14>YIPPEE! I finally made it here with friends during our GNO. Heard excellent ravings and reviews (via Miki L. and co-yelpers) about it and I'm thrilled to have my first P&L encounter! My first Impressions: Upon entry their hostess greeted us with big smile and a warm welcome. While we wait (10-15 minutes) Miki suggested we pay their unique bathroom (first floor) a visit. I don't want to spoil it for everyone, by disclosing too much information, for I would want you all  to have that "ooh-ah" experience, just the way I did! I'll just simply say, forget them newspapers and magazines,your experience will keep you amused and entertained while you do your business. REMINDER! As you'll get distracted, Don't forget to wash your hands before heading out to the dining area! As we approached the dining area to be seated. I took noticed the cozy-country ambiance, which gave me a sense of a family oriented atmosphere. Drift woods and chain linked chicken coop cages encased lightings, decorates their ceilings, to give you a feel of the farm life... While, Wooden dining tables are accented with empty coffee tin cans (napkin holders),mason jars as water glasses, pig decors, and a picture of a pig's snout on the menu, are cute features that I absolutely love about this place!  My Yummy Encounter: Shared Plates: 1) Stewed Beef Bone Marrow with Toasted Baguette $10 Highly suggested by a waiter who said, to try it for the PNL EXPERIENCE as well for its' INSTAGRAM worthiness, a daring moment if you will... Lol  Accompanied with a traditional Vietnamese Herb Salad (Thai basil, Mung Bean Sprouts, and Lemon) you'll get a GIGANTIC piece of beef bone(as big as your head) in a bowl of savory broth. Don't expect a lot of meat on this bone, for all they have to offer you is gelatinous tendons and cartilage on the outer surface of the bone and tasty marrow within. Eat and dip pieces of baguettes into the broth and enjoy it with gelatinous goodness.... Will I order this appetizer again? Maybe not! But I must say it was quite a tasty experience! 2) Laotian Fried Chicken Wings $11 Four pieces of fried chicken wings (wing tips attached) are semi spicy, flavored with pickled chili, sautéed shallots, and roasted peanuts, served on a bed of Asian Slaw. If you like buffalo wings these exotic Asian wings are for you! I love them. Wished I had them all to myself. After all they're called SHARED DISHES, So I had to share... Drinks: Papa Le's Iced Coffee $4Coconut Horchata $4 Yes, I had two of them! My friend and I wanted the best of both worlds! So we decided to share our drinks... Papa Le's Iced Coffee, which I truly enjoyed! Is a French roasted style coffee perfectly sweetened and creamed, made this my P&L  favorite drink! As for the Coconut Horchata, you have a traditional Horchata spiced with ground cinnamon, and flavored with coconut milk to give it an Asian edge to this creamy and refreshing drink! I recommend trying these drinks, if you can't decided which one to drink! Have them both! Dinner Menu: Mama Le's Special: Ox Tail Pho $14 Ox Tail Soup and Pho are my all time favorite, what better way to enjoy them the P&L  way! In a delicious bowl of sweet and savory broth, you'll have MADE FRESH DAILY, HAND CUT NOODLES, with fall off the bone beef Ox tail chunks, velvety poached egg, and aromatic garnishes of Vietnamese herbs. Vietnamese herb salad are also  accompanied to give it a refreshing bite from beginning to the end. I'm very particular with my Pho and I do have a favorite! However, I had an open mind and gave the P&L's  pho a chance... Their version of the OX TAIL PHO is unique and original! I do admit that it is now also my favorite...  Every bite of the P&L  experience is a flavor to remember and LOVE! I enjoyed every moment of it... If you haven't been to this place I highly recommend that you do... Until then I'll be looking forward to my next visit! I LOVE the P&L ! OINK OINK
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,7/13/2014,478,366,14,28,18>Yelp 365 Challenge x 2 #264/365Yelp 100 Challenge Review #8/100Last Saturday, my nephew mentioned there was an Italian Restaurant in the Ewa Beach area. At first, I thought it was in the small center by Ocean Pointe, where KFC and the Chinese Restaurant was located until he shared that it was located in the same shopping center as Safeway.Afterwards, my daughter and I had to stop by Petco and she pointed it out. It was busy considering it was their grand opening weekend, I believe but I still wanted to check it out.So, what does a yelper usually do? Look it up on Yelp and see if there are any reviews!Well, there was one review that stood out and it was Aggie's review because the others were kinda...er...shady. Her review prompted me to bookmark it as a must-try.Well, this past week I've had the stomach flu...everything that goes in...comes right back out. I know, I know-TMI. But, I wanted to try Russo's. My husband took me to Russo's for lunch.THE EXPERIENCE-Seated right away (it wasn't crowded since it was lunch time)-Waitress name was Princess and she was very friendly and helpfulAMBIANCE-High ceilings to give it the feel of airy and spacy-Indoor and Outdoor Seating-Small bar (I don't drink but I figure this will be important to the ones that do)-Counter area where you are able to watch some of the cooks using the coal-fired oven -Jazz / Big Band type of music playing-The colors are warm and relaxing with nice black and white photos of New YorkFOOD-Garlic knots, which is pizza dough with garlic and simply delicious. It reminded me of soft, garlic balls like Bravo's-Husband ordered the Risotto di Mare (Seafood Risotto). Obviously, it must have been good because he scraped his plate clean-I ordered the Primavera Risotto, which I would have enjoyed because it was delicious but I had no appetite because I wasn't feeling well-Lemonade...I ordered lemonade because I love lemonadeNow, this is where it kind of deflated. I was craving for cannoli's especially when I noticed the online menu specified CHOCOLATE-FILLED cannoli's. However, they didn't have it. I wanted to weep because the last place that had this type of Cannoli's (which I inhaled) was back in Baltimore! The good thing about it was that Princess shared it wasn't on the menu YET. I'm going to hang on with hope to the word YET. Just like that front picture on the right upper hand corner of the menu that is stuff bell peppers that looks simply delicious.I am giving it four stars because the menu is similar to Assagio's, Ricado's and Bravo's. I was hoping that with a new Italian Restaurant in town (well, the west side), that they would be adding a little flare and be a wee little different to the other Italian Restaurants on the island but so far, they'll have the familiar items of pizza's, pastas, calzones, salads and desserts. So, if you're sketchy, don't be-the menu will be familiar but with the flare of Russo's alone that offers a very nice touch to the Ewa Beach growing community.Prices are about the same as Assagio's and Bravo's but hey...why drive there when you can save some gas and eat at Russo's instead especially if you live in the Ewa Beach area, right?RECOMMENDATION: Of course (It's great for a date night, girls night, boys night, and family night)JUST MY THOUGHTS END NOTE: Without any snarkiness, I know new restaurants wants to be up there right away and establish themselves at the top right away. However, get to the top with REAL experiences and REAL reviews by REAL customers.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,7/12/2014,144,174,9,18,15>Excellent new place in Kapolei.I'm going to preface this review by saying if you think places like Assagios and Verbano are the bee's knees, then you probably won't like this place as much.  The difference at Le Nonne is the food doesn't come out in gigantuous portions that are swimming in olive oil and buried in garlic.Le Nonne is very unassuming from the outside but on the inside, it is quaint with a modern decor.  The restaurant is long and narrow and has an outdoor seating area as well.From the moment we stepped in to the moment we left, the service from the entire staff was top notch.  Our server (Liz) explained the specials very well and answered any questions we had about the regular menu.  She also made some very good drink and dinner recommendations.What we ordered:For cocktails, I had the Strawberry/Basil martini and my friend had the Sparkling Galliano.  My drink was great.  The muddled strawberries and basil really went well together, it was a very nice mix of tart and sweet.  There was also reduced balsamic vinegar drizzled on the bottom of the glass that added to the sweet tartiness.  My friend unfortunately didn't care for the his drink.  Liz noticed he wasn't drinking much of it and when she found he didn't care for it, she offered to remove it from the bill or he could replace it with another drink, a very nice gesture.  He opted to get the Strawberry/Basil as well.We had a late lunch so we chose to pass on appetizers and just get an entree with the hopes of splitting a dessert.For entrees, I ordered one of the specials which was Okinawan sweet potato ravioli, which was delicious.  The filling was smooth and creamy and the homemade pasta was perfectly done.  There were 8 raviolis and it came with a butter/sage sauce.  My friend ordered the Chicken with mushrooms which was also good.  The chicken is just lightly dusted with flour then sauteed which makes it much lighter/less oily than having it fried in breading like some other places do.  This dish came with a marsala wine sauce.For dessert, we ended up getting two.  My friend got the Tiramisu and I got the Puff pastry filled with Chocolate/Hazelnut mousse (I forget what it was called.)  Think of it as a mousse filled cream puff, it was really good.  My friend's Tiramisu was equally as good, if not better.  It was super light and flavorful.  He was actually too full and only had a few fork-fulls of it.  Since he's a very good friend, I offered to finish it for him. ; )During the desserts, Chef Pier also came out to make sure our meal was OK.  Another very nice gesture.I'll be looking forward to returning,  there were quite a few other dishes on the menu I'd like to try.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,7/11/2014,298,227,17,21,19>Kailua...The closer I get, the farther away I feel. (I think that's from an REM song lyric) I'm just never very comfortable in Kailua these days. I feel like I'm on the set of Portlandia. Lots of environmentally conscious residents who drive electric cars and bring their dogs with them everywhere. Today after eating at Kalapawai Cafe it dawned on me that I had neither a beard, gotee, or denim pants and I wasn't wearing a hat indoors. And my wife wasn't wearing a tie-dye flowing skirt. She would look good in one though. Apparently long denim skirts are fashionable too. Where I come from we wear shorts and T-shirts. We're just rebels I guess. Kalapawai Cafe welcomed us anyway and provided good service and some pretty good food. Food: For lunch there are mostly hot and cold sandwiches. I had the Vegetable Sandwich (about $6.50) with avocado added ($2.50 additional).We also tried the Beef French Dip sandwich. You can add on some cookies, chips and a few other items as well as a very wide variety of drinks. Out of the corner of my eye I spotted some warm Apple Cranberry Crisp bowls and impulsively asked for one. It was hot and quite good and recommend that if it sounds good to you. My veggie sandwich was very good with the avocado. The multigrain bread was store bought though and not the artisan bread that I have come to expect. I would get one of those again but it would have been a 5 star item with some really good bread. The French Dip was small but good and the french roll was perfect as it was soft and crunchy at the same time.Decor:  Sort of rustic green building with indoor and outdoor seating areas. You get the sense that you are in Portland, OR and not in Hawaii. It was comfortable.Dinner: At night time this shop turns a different type of restaurant with waiter/waitress service and a very ambitious menu. This review is just about the lunch service. The menu does look interesting and I'm planning on coming here for dinner.Wine: It doesn't really fit with the sandwich shop vibe, but, you can have a glass of wine or two with your sandwich.Parking: There is a small lot. There is no place to plug in your Leaf or Tesla S though. So make sure you're charged up before you come in. There are quite a few metered spots to park on the street too. I'm going with 4 Stars because I liked it and would like to come back because dinner sounds interesting. I'll have a glass of wine then.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/10/2014,1128,374,10,30,17>I have to admit, Air Park Karaoke Lounge is being my new favorite place! I been here a few times now and each time its been a blast. They have 11 karaoke rooms with huge TV screens! Instead of having karaoke books, they have touch-screen monitors to browse through songs in English, Chinese, Japanese and Korean. One thing that makes this place so much cooler then other karaoke places is when the song plays. I was so shocked to see all the karaoke songs we choose had the matching music video playing!! Most places have really old and random videos playing in the backgrounds of songs. BUT NOT HERE! I was impressed that they had the actual music video to the song. Rooms & Rates:[[ HELLO KITTY ROOM ]] Holds about 13 people. $35/hour Sun-Thurs. $50/hour Fri & Sat.[[ SMALL ROOM ]] Holds about 6 people. $18/hour Sun-Thurs. $25/hour Fri & Sat.[[ MEDIUM ROOM ]] Holds about 9 people. $25/hour Sun-Thurs. $35/hour Fri & Sat.[[ LARGE ROOM ]] Holds about 13 people. $35/hour Sun-Thurs. $50/hour Fri & Sat.[[ PARTY ROOM ]] Holds about 20 people. $50/hour Sun-Thurs. $75/hour Fri & Sat.[[ VIP SUITE ]] Holds about 25 people. $60/hour Sun-Thurs. $90/hour Fri & Sat.Specials.[[ BIRTHDAYS ]] Book 2 hours in a private room and get the 3rd hour FREE. [[ INDUSTRY ]] Sunday - Tuesday -- all night free/1 hours private room rental min. 4 people in a room[[ HAPPY HOUR ]] Half price on rooms (minimum 1 drink purchase per person per hour required) FREE room (minimum 2 drinks purchase per person per hour required) Sun-Thurs 6-9pm and 11pm-2am; Fri-Sat: 5-9pm
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,7/9/2014,443,125,17,25,17>Ok seriously.... seriously !!!!  This place is amazing!Finally after a year of hearing about this place I had a chance to eat here.  Hey and it wasn't easy.  We drove around the block several times to find parking and trust me I was determined to eat their Sashimi!  I got dropped off with the kids to run in and get us a table and thank goodness that I did because the tables filled up so fast!  Although this place at the time was full of drunk golfers I still managed to find heaven... How you say.  Well I ordered the infamous sashimi platter.  Luckily for me only 1 child eats sashimi so I ordered the small.  My sons ordered meat jun and BBQ chicken and I forget what the hubby ordered.  LOL I forgot because once the sashimi came to the table I took a bite of the Hamachi and I thought the doors to heaven started to sing to me.  My hubby must of thought something was wrong because my eyes got really large.  But it was followed up with a big smile and a repeat.  I have eaten at a lot of really expensive places and have had good sashimi, but this place OMG this place does an excellent job of selecting the right fish to make sashimi.  While I was visiting god in heaven with this sashimi platter I noticed that my son who's the picky eater was nearly done with his meat jun!  Huh!!! I thought.  Really could the meat jun be as good too and I didn't order any for my self?   So I stole a piece from my older son who doesn't eat like his food is going to disappear and wow.  Can I just start to cry now...  Seriously how did I not heed the fellow yelpers advice and visit this place.  Food is pretty good, but seafood is even better!  Expect to sometimes have to wait for service, but when it does come it's friendly.  Just don't expect a five star service, just pay more attention to the food.  I'd go back even if they were rude... hahahahahahahah no seriously, I'd go back if they were rude because this place doesn't leave a hole in your wallet and the sashimi is amazing!!!  This girl is on her way back with more sashimi eaters!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,7/8/2014,140,84,11,17,14>Finally, I have a go to barbershop! Let me start off by saying that my hair is probably the hardest to cut. I've walked into many different shops before thinking: "this will be it!" Unfortunately, every time I've left disappointing. Thing usually happen like this, I'll walk in and the hair stylist will usually think "oh you'll be out in a jiffy." The cut starts off well but then quickly goes down hill when they find out how funny my head shape is! It's not their fault, my hair is just hard to deal with. =p So when I was recently looking for a barbershop I looked for the most affordable because I thought it wouldn't make a difference anyway. I'm so glad I found this place because they did everything right!When I sat in the chair they asked me just a few questions and went straight to work.   She knew exactly what to do and where to cut. I was so amazed. They were so polite the whole time too! After everything was said and done I was shocked to see that the cut came out so well. These guys are so precise. All of the lines were clean and straight. (note: I noticed that they specialize in very short hair cuts but they can do all styles) I was in and out of there in less than 30 minutes. It's right across from Pearl Ridge in the Pearl Kai shopping center so the location is convinient too! What more could you ask for?
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,7/7/2014,161,218,12,17,14>I found my new favorite place to get bubble tea!  The menu is a bit overwhelming,  but it's divided nicely into 4 sections: milk teas, hot drinks,  smoothies,  and dessert drinks.   There are also pictures on the wall of the dessert drinks so you can actually see the different add ins they include in the drink.  Not only are there pictures,  there are small cups on the counter that show what you can add in your drink which vary from the traditional tapioca balls, to coffee jellies, mung bean,  lychee, etc. I tried the honey dew milk tea as well as the dark wood milk tea which is milk tea with coffee jellies.  Both were very good,  mild, and not too sweet. The owner was very helpful and patient with me as I was overwhelmed by the menu (by the way,  it's in English and Vietnamese) and I saw some items that I didn't recognize.  He gave me suggestions and pointed out in each column what the most popular items were.  He also gave me suggestions for what my kids would like.  Apparently,  they also just started serving Vietnamese sandwiches.  They accept credit cards which if you've frequented the bubble tea joints here,  a lot of them don't.  The place is surprisingly large for a bubble tea joint.  They have large screen tv's. They also have a water dispenser accessible. The bathroom is very clean and yeah,  you don't need a code or key on a huge,  gawdy key chain!  Since my daughter's ukulele lessons are close by, I'll be coming here instead of my usual coffee joint to pass the time. I'm looking forward to trying some of those weird looking dessert drinks as well as a sandwich.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,7/6/2014,196,187,8,11,14>Breakfast here was lovely. We wanted to go to Cafe Kaila but the wait was 45 minutes long and we were hungry. So we tried our luck here since it's so close to Kaila and snagged one of the last open tables--thanks to the awesome Joanna L. for showing me the way here previously!We quickly settled on their  All-American Omelette with herb roasted potatoes and Kalua Pork Eggs Benedict with hash brown. The food came out surprisingly fast--it must have taken only around ten minutes! Looking back, did we somehow give off an, "I am so hungry I could eat food off someone else's plate right now. Hmm that piece of French toast over yonder is looking mighty fine..." vibe?!  If so, maybe we should work on perfecting that vibe if it means food will come out that quickly all the time!  The omelette was stuffed with goodies--bacon, sausage, jalapeno, mushrooms, and cheese and was quite tasty. The eggs benedict was pretty good although I thought the sauce could have been more flavorful. Both the potatoes and the hash brown were delish but between the two, I would order the hash brown again and again. It's perfectly crispy on the edges and warm and soft in the center. I would come back just for that hash brown alone!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/5/2014,658,339,11,18,16>honu-you-has-delivered-the-best-spa-experience-ive-had-in-a-long-time-i-recently-visited-the-spa-as-a-new-client-to-use-a-gift-certificate-from-the-first-phone-call-booking-the-appointment-to-the-moment-i-walked-out-the-door-after-receiving-services-i-was-treated-with-courtesy-professionalism-and-respectit-was-quick-and-easy-to-schedule-my-appointment-and-on-the-day-of-the-appointment-when-i-needed-to-call-and-tell-them-i-would-be-a-few-minutes-late-jennifer-was-gracious-and-quick-to-reassure-me-it-would-be-all-rightwhen-i-entered-the-spa-both-stacey-and-jennifer-made-me-feel-very-comfortable-and-welcome-exemplifying-the-aloha-spirit-in-fact-when-i-told-them-i-would-likely-need-to-duck-out-partway-through-my-visit-to-feed-the-parking-meter-jennifer-immediately-offered-to-do-it-for-me-even-though-i-was-parked-a-couple-of-blocks-away-she-definitely-went-above-and-beyond-the-call-of-duty-on-thati-had-a-relaxation-facial-and-kua-lomilomi-back-massage-with-stacey-both-services-were-so-wonderful-and-relaxing-that-i-wanted-to-go-straight-to-bed-afterward-the-spa-itself-was-intimate-nicely-appointed-local-style-and-there-was-soft-ki-hoalu-slack-key-music-playing-making-the-space-a-tranquil-oasis-in-the-midst-of-busy-kailua-townhonu-you-offers-a-variety-of-facials-waxing-and-lomilomi-massage-including-a-special-hapai-pregnancy-package-prices-are-commensurate-with-other-area-spas-the-spa-is-located-in-the-heart-of-kailua-town-on-uluniu-street-across-from-kailua-square-where-the-popular-cinnamons-restaurant-is-located-there-is-no-parking-lot-available-for-their-business-but-metered-street-and-lot-parking-are-available-nearby-be-sure-to-pay-attention-to-the-amount-of-time-you-are-able-to-park-in-any-given-metered-space-it-can-vary-from-one-to-three-hours-and-bring-plenty-of-quarters-appointments-can-be-booked-online-or-of-course-by-phone-the-spa-is-open-tuesday-through-saturday-900am-to-500pm-closed-sunday-and-monday-it-doesnt-matter-who-you-are-you-will-walk-out-of-honu-you-hawaiian-spa-feeling-like-a-vip
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,7/4/2014,138,137,6,12,13>When you walk into Hy's you feel like you just stumbled onto the set of Mad Men as the restaurant has a very old timey atmosphere with dark woods, numerous books on shelves, paintings hung from the walls, live music, and dark lighting. I wish I had dressed up and wore a coat and tie as this place just feels like you should...but then again someone was wearing a tee shirt on the table next to me so I don't think there is a strict dress code.  You really should come here dressed nicely though as this is not a place you come to "just grab a bite", this is a place to experience and celebrate.I had the Hy's Garlic Steak which is a 7oz cut of Filet Mignon with garlic sauce and mushrooms.  It is a really good piece of steak that was cooked perfectly to medium rare and the sauce really made this quite flavorful.  A person in my party had stated that there was too much sauce on it.  Did they put a lot of their sauce on it? Yes. Did it enhance the flavor and just make everything taste better?  Absolutely yes!  Just be forewarned if you have issues with "over saucing".  The prices are also quite reasonable as unlike most steak places where everything is ala carte, each entrée comes with one side...fully baked potato with bacon, sour cream, and chives? Yes please!I also got to try the Chocolate Lovers' dessert.  The best thing about this is that it is prepared besides your table flambé style while you watch the fire burn away the liquor to create the oh so delicious sauce.  The crazy thing this is that the waiter prepares this and I was just amazed by this as it was not very easy to make this dessert.  I thought this would be a very heavy, rich dessert, but fortunately after such a heavy meal it was quite light.  The only issue is that the ice cream is rock hard in the beginning as they bring it out while the sauce is being cooked so they don't want the ice cream melting. While going to Hy's I really felt like I was going somewhere special.  I highly recommend here for the great atmosphere, good food, free valet parking in Waikiki, and great service.   This was a really great experience and I'm now ready to start the New Year!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,7/3/2014,283,199,12,20,17>I always thought I didn't care for macarons, UNTIL I MET SUGARLINA's.One bite, and I became obsessed.  Ever since a coworker brought them into the office, I fantasized about visiting the shop and trying one in every flavor!  Because I almost never go out to Aiea, I tried to relinquish my macaron craving/obsession at bakeries closer to home...yet to be disappointed each and every time.Sugarlina Bakeshop is cute, clean, and pretty tiny, with just a couple tables to sit while you marvel at the beautiful glass case displaying perfectly decorated couture cupcakes and lines and lines of perfectly shaped macarons!These macarons are nearly perfect in every way.  The outside crust is hard enough where its not prone to smashes and cracks, yet when bitten into, reveals a light and airy texture beneath while still maintaining that chewy-ness expected of macarons.  The filling is a divine ganache: creamier, larger volume, and packing more flavor than all other macarons I've tried.At $1.85 each, or $21 for a dozen, these tiny desserts don't come cheap.  Worth it?  On occasion, HECK FREAKIN' YES!I can look past the price, as all good things come at a cost, but the ONLY REASON why I'm hesitant to give a full 5 stars is that there are only about 5 flavors per day, and that the flavors are not on a daily/weekly schedule.  Thus, it's kind of a luck of the draw what flavors you'll see when when you walk into the store, so you can't really plan on getting a certain flavor on a certain day :(.  People have favorites, yo!Of course, I love these macarons way too much to give anything less than a 5.  Must try!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,7/2/2014,280,106,13,23,21>Happy hour until 7pm?!? Fantastic!!  ... and, what a great alternative to driving into Waikiki or into downtown Honolulu.  Located conveniently on S. King Street where the old Verbano's used to be, there is ample parking in the lot.  Tonight was my first to Chez Kenzo's and I am sure I will be back.  Casual, comfortable, delicious.  There were only two of us tonight so, only got to sample a few items.  The happy hour food menu is rather small.  Still, we did manage to find the most delicious pesto pasta on the HH menu.  The noodles were nice and barely cooked slightly chewy, yummy.  The pesto was delicious.  The portion for only $6, well worth the price.Also off of the regular menu we had the shabu shabu salad; so very delicious.  A large portion of fresh fresh greens which was topped off with a generous portion of boiled shabu shabu pork and a delicate vinegarette.  A deal at $11.The star of the evening though was the kabocha pumpkin sauteed with garlic and a generous portion of bacon.  What isn't spectacular with bacon?!?  Though the portion a bit small at $11, the dish was absolutely memorable.Drinks on the happy hour, what can I say, they were happy!    Kudos to the staff at Chez Kenzo at making a great hangout place..!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/1/2014,295,401,49,54,53>Life is Sweet - especially living in Hawaii!This portable kiosk highlights their macarons and miniature cupcakes with a few rich looking cakes. If you're a fan of Cake Works, then you'll be happy to know they extended their business as "Life is Sweet" in the NEX food court which is open to the public. The brightly colored macarons ($1.85/each) are lined with over a dozen different flavored dollar sized sweetness. The salted caramel and strawberry/mango are the best sellers. My green tea had a delicate meringue softness with a subtle flavor to each bite. The miniature cupcakes ($1.35/each) are a great alternative compared to the standard size because it gives you an opportunity to try different flavors and not feel as guilty in the hips. I ordered in my favorite order: salted caramel (the winner!), lilikoi, strawberry, Devil's Cake (just like a Ho-Ho) and Raspberry Decadence. All of them were moist and the frosting had a good texture once it come to room temperature which they highly recommend. Fortunately, they offered a sample of the Very Berry macaron which had a great taste but I stayed with my usual. The cashier mentioned all of their products needed to be refrigerated and must be consumed within three days.They accept cash and credit cards and parking is not a problem. Life is sweet made my life even sweeter!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,6/30/2014,456,203,11,19,13>Boy, oh boy. What can I say about Hakone that already has been said!I had the pleasure of finally going to Hakone the other weekend for Sara S.'s birthday dinner! Having read her rave review of her favorite Japanese buffet, I had high expectations for here. We had made reservations for 5pm, the early bird special for the dinner buffet, and were seated immediately when we arrived. Now I'm a big fan of sushi and Hakone did not disappoint. My hands-down, favorite, melt-in-your-mouth, wait-in-a-long-line part of the night was the made-to-order sushi bar. (I think I used too many hyphenated phrases.. is there such thing? Oh well) Some of the highlights for me was definitely the creamy uni (sea urchin) and negitoro. You can also make hand rolls too! I personally had a spicy tuna hand roll with some avocado spread and it was great!The buffet line is also very delicious. Simple yet effective. There is great sashimi, yummy steak and pork belly, and flavorful sukiyaki. There is also a big assortment of desserts so make sure you save some room for it. The price is very reasonable, especially since we went during the early happy hour. For the dinner buffet, it came out to about $43 before tip. What a steal!Parking can be done either along the harbor or in the hotel. Hotel parking is validated and costs $5. The harbor parking is $6 for the entire evening/night. Just so y'all know. Summary: yummay yummay sushi in mah tummay. Get on it.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,6/29/2014,776,347,32,38,40>On a recent Saturday night, I finally made it to Cafe Laufer for a "sit down" dinner with my friends instead of just dessert. Everytime I've went there to get dessert, I couldn't help noticing all the great food that was being served and all the happy diners. This has become one of my favorite restaurants, watch for the specials and you'll always have something different to try. It's BYOB so bring your favorite beverage with you to enjoy with your meal. I believe they don't accept reservations, so try to arrive early for dinner service or a bit later after the rush. If you like Chinese Chicken Salad, you have GOT to have the one here... It's arguably thee best salad I've ever had. Their serving is huge, so if you want to split it among two people, it'll easily accommodate those hunger pangs before the main dish arrives at your table. In fact, our party of four easily had "our" share of that bountiful plate of goodness! It's not overly dredged in dressing like some of the offerings at other restaurants. Generous pieces of chicken garnish this dish so don't worry about "where's the chicken"! But, I'm getting carried away thinking back on that salad, forgive me, gang... I ordered the Ribeye with mushrooms and potatoes, which was cooked nicely, medium rare and with a sauce I'm guessing was a port wine reduction that was so good! My dining companions that night indulged in the Shrimp and Pasta with a Tomato Basil sauce which they throughly enjoyed. Besides these specials, they also serve soups, sandwiches and salads. Kind of a one stop, try them all place! Oh, but as you enjoy your dinner, half way through you realize you have a whole showcase of desserts waiting for you to indulge in after you finish your meal!! So with much anticipation, you hurry and finish only to discover your favorite dessert is out!! Nah, just kidding, but that would be sad... There are a bunch of delicious desserts waiting to be chosen, take your time, plan well and maybe even split a couple among your dining companions! After you are done, you will surely be planning your next visit because it's that memorable a meal... As for the service, it's good. They will make sure your water glasses are filled and they will take away your bottles or cans. Parking is great, I love that lot in back even if it gets crazy busy at times. You can just park back there and if you don't have a particular place in mind, you can pick from the many restaurants in the building! Go and enjoy a meal and dessert at Cafe Laufer, you'll be glad you did!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,6/28/2014,262,145,5,13,10>I love flowers - always have, always will, love to give them, love to receive them.When my cousin passed away unexpectedly in September, my family faced the daunting task of planning a memorial service for a person whose wishes were largely unknown. This is going to sound a little weird, but due to my job, I'm actually somewhat experienced in planning funerals, so many of the details were left up to me. I have worked with many different florists, so I had a few in mind and even contacted a couple. The enormity of the occasion weighed heavily on me - everything had to be "perfect" for my cousin who was more like a sister to me. I had actually never worked with or even ever ordered flowers from Rainforest before in my life. I was familiar with their reputation for beautiful arrangements and their lei presented in ti leaves but hesitant that they might be outrageously expensive.In the end, something told me to just make the call. I gave Michael the owner a general description of what we wanted (3 large pieces, green and white, maybe some purple, no anthuriums). He advised me that purple sometimes looks too dark and morbid, but I felt that some of the photos on his website looked great; however I told him to use his judgment. I perhaps foolishly told him that there were no budget constraints (I got permission first!). Overall, though, I told him that my cousin was a creative person who would have appreciated the creativity that he brings to his work and that I trusted whatever he would do.Although it is available as an option, Rainforest does not generally do the ribbons with the "Beloved so-and-so" on them, instead printing your message on a sign to be placed on the arrangements, which is a look I prefer. I typed out a summary of our conversation including the various messages in an email to send to Michael...and then in my addled state of mind, hit "Save" instead of "Send." And then I left it there for a week. O_O A day before the service, I received a very kindly worded email from Michael asking if I'd had a chance to decide on the exact wording I wanted yet and that they would come in early the next day to print it out before the service. Thankfully, I was able to send off my email immediately so that they could do it right then and there. No scoldings from him even though I definitely deserved it.When I arrived at my church the next morning, I saw the most stunning floral arrangements I have ever seen in my life. I am tearing up just thinking about them. I know many people think flowers are stupid and frivolous, because they do not last. But to those like me who love and appreciate them, the memory of their beauty truly lasts forever. The pieces Michael and his team put together meant so much to my family and me in our time of mourning. It may seem silly to attach so much meaning to something like this, but they really did bring us comfort in a time when we needed it most. On a final note, the prices were quite comparable to other florists in town. In fact, I would say that the visual impact was far greater to anything we would have gotten for the same price elsewhere. Mahalo, Rainforest.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,6/27/2014,123,234,22,22,19>My wife has recently become addicted to spicy Kalbi Tang at Millions.As we cannot afford to eat there every night, my wife decided to take on the soup by herself. Several hours of You Tubing and Googling later, she came up with a plan which led us to Keeaumoku Supermarket.Making a Korean soup from scratch is daunting if you do not speak a lick of Korean. This soup calls for a special kind of shoyu. Luckly, we recruited the stock clerk to do some translating for us. Without him, we would have wound up making a Koreanized Worchestershire Sauce.They also had fresh vegetables and those thick-assed cuts of short rib that you cannot find anywhere outside of the Keeaumoku area.When all was said and done, our ingredients totaled a bit under $30. It may be a bit steep for a cauldron of soup, but this is my wife we are talking about.She once bought a whole ahi in Chinatown as she wanted to make her own sashimi and sushi.Several hours later, our house smelled like Mama-san's kitchen. Boiling that whole daikon radish with garlic will ward off any evil spirit within a 10 mile radius.My wife's Kalbi Tang was similar to Millions' version, with her own special twist.Now will will have Kalbi tang for days. And not spend Millions at Millions.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,6/26/2014,87,129,13,17,14>What would you call... a freshly ground, hand made all beef patty grilled perfect on a sizzling flattop, throw on cheese, lettuce, tomato, some grilled onions. Then add some special sauce; something like the one at "In & Out Burger," topped with a slightly well ( yolk still a little runny) fried egg. Piled high on a fresh hamburger bun? Well this messy, sloppy, dirty dining sandwich is called exactly that..... The Forty Niner "Egg Cheeseburger Made Dirty"  I dunno how it 'd fare against the triple D's shoulder haunch sandwiches, but I'd totally give it the... "Knocked it outta the park, Dude" while looking into the camera compliment, complete with a blinged out fist bump! The flavor just burst forth with each bite, the beefy goodness, the crisp fresh veggies, the sweet tart sauce, watch out cause here comes the smokey grilled onions, and then the eggy cheesy finish. With a side of piping hot ( and I mean really, Really, REALLY piping hot) hand cut fries, and we have the perfect Lite Lunch.......... NOT! So I'm saying.... If you're the adventurous Guy Fieri type, and you wanna check out your greasy-spoon-ish, mom and pop-ish diner complete with swinging, slamming screen doors, and fountain stools, then " Ya jus gotta check this joint out!"
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,6/25/2014,201,134,11,21,17>Are you a phonatic? Do you live in Salt Lake, Aiea or Pearl City area? Do you feel disappointed that some of the best Pho restaurants are located in town? If you've answered yes to one or more of the following questions then you should give this place a try. The Pho - Very GoodIt's all about the broth to me. My favorite kind of broth is the northern type which is clean and clear. This place serves just that type.  The reason I like clean and clear  Is because I always put in a bunch of shiracha, hoisin, and garlic oil anyway so the southern style of adding extra seasoning gives it a weird flavor for me. My only gripe about this place is the bean sprouts are a hit or miss on freshness (browning). We also get the spring rolls and they're crispy and filling. It's served with the standard lettuce, rice noodle and sauce.The Service - GoodWe ate at a really slow time and were the only customers so everything went well, plus my son spilled his water and they came over quickly and cleaned it up for us so we could continue eating. Parking - They have a lot below and its a very steep narrow driveway located to the left that takes you there.Price is standard among most pho restaurants.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,6/24/2014,175,386,7,16,13>Amazing hike!! And by hike, I mean a relatively easy walk along a dirt path. No, it's not the type of hike to do if you're looking for a physical challenge. But if you want to do a ~5 mile round trip hike with the beautiful ocean alongside you the whole way, with humpback whales, Hawaiian monk seals, albatrosses, and more... then this hike is a must.All of the above animals can only be seen during the winter time. I hiked this in January and started at 7am to try to avoid the scorching sun and heat as much as possible. We still caught that on our way back to the car, but if we had started any earlier it would have been too dark. And we got to catch the sun rise over the mountains! Anyway, generously apply the sunscreen, bring a hat, sunglasses, etc.We started on the Waianae side, which you get to by driving all the way up Farrington Highway until the road stops. Plenty of parking once you get there. Definitely don't attempt going down the dirt road further unless you have a four-wheel drive.Like I said above, it's a fairly easy hike to Ka'ena Point. I saw very young children, senior citizens, and people on mountain bikes going down this trail. As you trek over there, keep your eye on the ocean. We saw plenty of humpback whales breaching, spraying water, etc. That was my first time ever seeing a whale, and I didn't even have to get seasick on a boat to do it! On the way, we also spotted a Kalij Pheasant (it's big, black, with red on its face) running down the path. They're not native to Hawaii and are a rare sight.You'll reach a gate, and on the other side is Ka'ena Point! You're not allowed to bring pets here, by the way. This area is mostly sandy, so feel free to pack slippers to change into. The albatross nesting areas are fenced off, so don't venture off in there. Watch out for the Hawaiian Monk Seals! They're grey and camouflage very well with the rocks; my boyfriend almost stepped on one :( luckily, the seal wasn't hurt or bothered, and we learned our lesson. They're one of the most endangered marine animals in the world, so it was a treat to see one.Sit on the rocks or the sand and watch the humpback whales swim by, the albatrosses fly around, and the seals do what seals do best: lie around and sleep and look cute :)
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,6/23/2014,352,191,20,30,25>The new year for me has been all about making better food choices and trying to be healthier by working out more. Okay, let's be honest...that hasn't really gone as planned, BUT Seed provides me with the option to try the eating healthier option AND its delicious! Now if I could just get the workouts in more....Seed is located next to the Jamaican Irie Jerk Restaurant, and right under Himalayan Kitchen. Best parking is in the ticketed lot right next to it. I really LOVE what Seed is all about. Along with the volunteers who keep this place going, they try to employ people who come from disadvantaged circumstances such as human trafficking, homelessness and domestic abuse. They support local as much as possible as well as trying to use organic products. The food IS healthy. They said if it's not good for the body they won't serve it. I started off with the Pineapple Forest smoothie, which was not bad. It tasted really fresh, but I would not go for it again until I've tried the rest of the fresh smoothies or juices and picked my favorite. I also got to try a sip of my friend's The Big Green Shot which was really tasty, probably because all I tasted was pineapple and not really any wheatgrass. For appetizers we ordered the Inamona Pesto Salad as well as a side of the Baked French Fries. Both were soo damn good. I felt like I could eat another serving of the salad (which seemed like a twist on a caprese) and even kept dipping the fries in the pesto still on the plate. For my entree, I ordered the Signature Fresh Catch which for the night was ono. The ono was seasoned perfectly and very moist although I felt like there was one spot that was undercooked by the tiniest bit. By a mere second, really. But it was really delicious, especially on top of their rich rice (I think its a mix of rice and quinoa) and a mix of fresh, healthy veggies (including carrots, onions, kale, spinach, cabbage, bell pepper). It felt like I was eating healthy, only not really because healthy food doesn't taste delicious, does it? I got to try a piece of my friend's Shabu-Cut Grilled Meat Platter which was really flavorful, especially with the sauces. I definitely see myself coming back often, especially because I want to support what they stand for. Oh, well, and their food is delicious AND reasonably priced. They have quite a few kinks to work out, both food wise and with service, but I see them working it out very soon. I think this is definitely my new post-workout meal location so I feel like I didn't kill my workout! Well...that is...if I don't go to Via Gelato after (which is practically right next to them)!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,6/22/2014,179,167,7,9,7>The time i'm going to write a review is the day i had the worst service. If i judge korea house by just base on today they would of got " meh, I've experienced better" but i come to this place quite often and usually i'm a fan.We went to restaurant around 8:45 pm , decide to have some late yakiniku thinking that it won't be busy. i was wrong that day. this was first time ever where i had to wait outside because there was no seating. wow it was pack. we were thinking about going to other place but i know this place has good meat so we decide it to stay.we got seated after 20 min of waiting. i saw one table leave after we got there in 10 min but 3 waitress was so busy from 3 large party that they didn't even have time to clean the table. after i asked them can we sit and wait, they clean up the table.it was large party of Japanese table, and large party of chinese table, and large party of korean table.i knew they were because i can hear them even i close my ear with my hand. they were celebrating their birthday and it was very loud. almost to the point they were trying to out speak each other. since they were requesting a lot of thing kept the waitress really busy they were running around like a mouse getting chase by the cat. Soon as we could we order combination meat which cost $46.95 and they are mixed meat of 4 different type. I like yakiniku from this place because of the quality of the meat is good. they have fresh look meat and serve you a mountain full of tray. usually that meat combo is good for 2 people but 3 of us ate it and we were all fullusually the combo comes with the one hot stew and i asked the waitress 3 times if the soup is available and she kept saying yes but never brought it us. that how busy she was and she brought it after we were all done with the meat. i understand that it is very busy restaurant that day but i think they should have little bit of better waitress system where one waitress focus on party and other can focus on smaller table. Since they were all over the place, service didn't quite workout for themi know it's usually isn't like this so i still give them i'm a fan. i do like coming here to eat yakiniku so you guy should try it.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,6/21/2014,211,158,7,15,10>I've heard so many positive things about Thai Lao that I just couldn't wait to eat here!I was keeping my fingers and toes crossed that I wouldn't be disappointed.  Let me tell you - it's all TRUE!! Food here is to DI(n)E for!!Having been a townie for many years, I had gotten accustomed to the quality food that the now closed Mekong I & II offered.  I also was spoiled by the food offerings from Pae Thai, so you can see how my Thai expectations were already pretty high.  You can imagine my joy in knowing that a 4-5 star thai restaurant existed in my neighborhood!  I had my girlfriend join me as we both had never dined here before.  I wanted to order many of the dishes that I had read about but since it was only the two of us - we stuck to a two item limit.  We ordered Shrimp Massaman Curry as well as the Chicken Drunken Noodles with steamed, sticky rice for the both of us.   Thai Lao did NOT disappoint!! I was so pleased with the massaman curry's sweetness and spice along with the tender, generously sized stewed carrots and potatoes - quite the satisfaction on a rainy day.  I'm sure if we had this to eat at home there would have been no shame in licking the bowl dry of all the sauce!  The Chicken Drunken Noodles was just as good with enough kick in it to get your week going!!  This dish alone would have sufficed without the sticky rice but since all the raves I've read mentioned this dish - it was on my MUST try list.  Customer service here matches the food quality as well - attentive and pleasant!  We left there with a belly full of delicious goodness with the intent to return with our friends and family.  The prices are NOT bad at all - very affordable with average sized portions.   So happy I don't have to drive to town to get awesome Thai food!  Yay for the westside!!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,6/20/2014,527,376,10,16,10>Have you ever had a salon-nightmare story to tell?  I know I have.  I've been burned from wax, skin ripped off, and I've left waxing establishments in tears so when I discovered sugaring I knew I would never wax again.  I recently moved back home after living in Seattle and finding the right sugarist was first on my list.  I was shocked to see that only ONE sugarist existed on the island and that is Ami.  Ami is the real deal.  She's had years of experience sugaring on the mainland and her knowledge about hair growth and skin will blow your mind AND help you cater to your skin-needs better.  Located conveniently (with free parking) in town Ami's studio for two [meaning there is only you and her at a time] is intimate, quiet, and the perfect ambiance for waxing.  She's a great conversationalist and will distract you as much as possible from what she's actually doing to you. :)  Now I won't tell you that sugaring isn't painful because anything taking out those rooted-hairs will hurt, but Ami's methods are pretty painless to what I've experienced.  She's focused, works in sections, gives you a break if needed, and works quickly to get it over with.  If needed she can explain step-by-step what she's doing and WHY, which I found very helpful.  I hope that you'll become a SUGARING-CONVERT because I PROMISE it will be the best experience with satisfying results.  I recommend the brazilian ($65) and under arms ($20)--I mean, we do live in Hawaii!  :)  Enjoy and spread the word!!!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,6/19/2014,175,110,5,14,7>There's a new "must do" on my list for visitors and locals: Walk the Makapuu Lighthouse Trail. I made the walk with my visiting BFF and her friend and    O        M              G...stunning mountain views...breathtaking ocean sights...and exhilarating sky sights complete with friendly hang-gliders. We were lucky to make the walk on a sunny winter day. The weather and time of year brought more than a dozen playful whales. These magnificent creatures breached and spouted as they frolicked in their winter playground. Ocean views kept us distracted throughout the walk. In fact there is a point on the trail where you can panoramically observe three different beaches separated by mountains and craters. Each looks vastly different in water color. One looked like the aquamarine of a soft sandy shore. Another was the azure color of a north beach surf spot. The final displayed the color of a very deep ocean. Astounding. This is a moderate level hike with a grade that increases toward the top. I encourage walkers to push to the end. The final scenic point is pure magic. It's a crows nest jutting over the ocean. You can almost relive The Titanic's "I'm Flying scene if  you rest your body against the rail and throw your hands in the air. The unobstructed view makes the final steps worth the effort. The ocean's horizon creates the illusion of the Pacific Ocean being the world's largest infinity pool. We sighted hang gliders while we were at the top. One glider captivated our attention as he did a fly-by past us. The glider continued to wave and play with us until we reluctantly surrendered our perch to new arrivers. Final note: The walk back is just as enjoyable as the ascent. First the grade on the return walk is downhill. Second the ocean is positioned in a more forward view making whale sightings a consistent attention grabber. Make this activity high on your list. Spellbinding experience in paradise!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,6/18/2014,376,199,40,35,39>Learn Conversational Japanese - The Fast and Fun WayBy Val Y.In this review, you will learn basic Japanese conversation for use in an authentic Japanese restaurant.March 25, 2014I go to Restaurant Do-ne Japanese Food with a friend because many of my Yelp friends have raved about this place in their reviews.  I wanted to experience the food in this restaurant.We shall now begin your conversational Japanese lesson.Waitress:  "Irasshaimase.  Nanmei sama desu ka?"Me:  "Futari desu."Waitress:  "Douzo, kochira e."English Translation:Waitress:  "Welcome!  How many people?Me:  "Two people."Waitress:  "This way please."Go back and read English romaji of Japanese conversation aloud.  Repeat and memorize.Me:  "Sumimasen!"Waitress:  "Hai!"Me:  "Menyuu onegaishimasu."Waitress:  "Hai, shibaraku omachi kudasai.  Watashi haikutsu ga no mizu o eru kotoga dekimasu.  Korewa hajimete koko de."Me:  "Hai."English Translation:Me:  "Excuse me."Waitress:  "Yes!"Me:  "Can I have a menu?"Waitress:  "Yes, please wait a moment.  Let me get you some water.  Is this your first time here?"Me:  "Yes!"Read English romaji of Japanese conversation aloud.  Repeat and memorize.Me:  "Donburi setto wo suki darou shi kanojiyoha sake no shioyaki teshiokuwo omoimasu."Waitress:  "Yoi sentaku!  Anata hatoku!"English Tranlation:Me:  "I would like the katsudon set and he would like the grilled salmon set."Waitress:  "Good choices!  You da man!"Read English romaji of Japanese conversation.  Repeat and memorize.Our waitress delivers the lunch sets.Waitress:  "Koko no o bento desu.  Otanoshimi kudasai."Me:  "Korewa totemo oishisou desu."yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…English Tranlation:Waitress:  "Here are your lunches.  Please enjoy."Me:  "This looks so delicious."Read English romaji of Japanese conversation aloud.  Repeat and memorize.I take pictures of my lunch, the menu and the inside and outside of the restaurant.Waitress:  "Anata wa shashin o toru to Yelpuruno rebyuu o kaku."Me: "Hai!"English Translation:Waitress:  "Are you taking pictures and writing a review for Yelp?"Me:  "Yes!yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…Waitress:  "Aaah!  Anata wa hijyuni kuuru dato omoimasu.  Anata hatotemo hansamu desu.  Anata wa hijiyouni sumato dato omoimasu.  Anata wa hijiyouni omoshiroi to omoimasu.  Subarashi kosei ga aru to omoimasu.  Ookuno mizuo shutokusase to kudasai.  Resotan Do-nede anatano keiken o tanoshin da kotoo nozomimasu.  Totemo wakakumeiemasu.  Anata wa sanjiyuuyou ni miemasu."Me:  "Aaah!  Migiomoimasu  watashiha hijyuoni suzushiku hansamu na sumaato hijiyouni omoshiroi to amarini mosubarashi koseiga arimasu.  Anatono restoran no faibu tsu hoshino rebyuu o kakimasu ne.  Yokatta desu.  Anata no saabisu ha yuushuudatta restoran Do-ne de no keiken wo tanoshinda wataku mieru aa watashina thuteesai yori sukoshi toshiuedesu."English Translation:Waitress:  "Aaah!  I think you are very cool.  I think you are very handsome.  I think you are very smart.  I think you are very funny.  I think you have wonderful personality.  Let me get your more water.  I hope you enjoyed your experience at Restaurant Do-ne.  And you look so young.  You look like you are thirty."Me:  "Aaah!  I think you right.  I am very cool, handsome, smart, very funny and have a wonderful personality too.  I think I will write a five star review on your restaurant.  The food was excellent.  Your service was excellent.  We enjoyed our experience at Restaurant Do-ne.  I look young but I am a little older than thirty." Go back and read aloud English translation of what waitress said to me; sentences 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 9 and 10.... Read aloud five times.  This is important information that you should know about me and remember.Summary:We enjoyed our lunch sets.  The price, presentation and taste of the food was outstanding.  The restaurant is small but comfortable and clean.  They have parking in the back. It's a great place for a party of two to four to dine.  I highly recommend this place for lunch.This review will be helpful to you when you visit Restaurant Do-ne.  The owner is from Fukuoka and a former chef of Menchanko Tei, Waikiki.  Read and memorize the conversation in this review and order in Japanese.  You will have a very pleasant experience.This is a fun and easy way to learn and practice conversational Japanese for use in Restaurant Do-ne. Wakarimashita! Translation:  "OK!"P.S.  Do not forget to leave the waitress a big tip.  She needs the money to buy a pair of glasses.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,6/17/2014,181,73,19,11,11>Head cheese. Sounds disgusting. Then you Google it to find out what it is. Wikipedia informs you that it is in fact a "meat jelly made with the flesh from the head of a calf or a pig."  WHAT?!? People eat that...willingly?!? Not I, my friend not I, you say. But then you watch an episode of No Reservations & see Anthony Bourdain, who you're slightly in awe of (& have just the tinsiest crush on; no judgment) raving about this gnarly-looking terrine of jellied noggin parts & you think "Hey, maybe it ain't so bad?" So you try it the first time you see it offered as one of the fillings in a Vietnamese sandwich...& it is everything you should've expected. Cold, gelled texture with chewy, odd-flavored pieces of meat. Bleh. Sorry, Tony Bourdain, I don't think we're meant to be. Then a year later, you browse Yelp looking for new lunch spots around your workplace & come across Cocina, which has 4 1/2 stars. & what is everyone raving about in their reviews? Head cheese carnitas tacos. You shake your head & blink your eyes a few times. That can't be right. Everyone must be taking crazy pills. But when you go to Cocina with your foodie partner in crime, you decide to bite the bullet & try these infamous head cheese carnitas. And what you are met with is NOTHING like what you're expecting. Delicious pieces of pork with a nice crunch from the pig ears. Bright hints of cilantro. Spice from pickled jalapeños. All wrapped up in warm, handmade tortillas. You find yourself wishing that you'd ordered the entire plate for yourself, instead of to share, because you'd played it safe by ordering fish tacos. Moral of the story: Head cheese does not have to be icky. It can be pretty damn delicious & amazing. Mr. Bourdain, there just may be a future for us yet!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,6/16/2014,380,95,11,16,16>When you are the best, there is little need to "fluff" the obvious factors: impeccable personalized service, superior flavor, and attention to detail is Alan Wong's claim to fame.For 18 years, Alan Wong and his staff has perfected the consummate culinary experience. Chef Alan was one of a dozen notable chefs who began the Hawaii Regional Cuisine movement in 1991. The HRC style of cooking highlights the marriage of global ingredients with the freshest local gems (imagine bright red Hamakua tomatoes, Dean Okimoto's crunchy Nalo greens, Big Island's Kamuela Pride beef, and the biggest commodity of the islands...the seafood of the Pacific, just to name a few). Alan Wong epitomizes this style of cooking with menu items like the Nori Wrapped Tempura Ahi with wasabi aioli, the "New Wave" Opihi Shooters, and Ginger Crusted Onaga with Hamakua mushrooms and corn. On my most recent experience, I was celebrating my birthday. Menus were personalized, a cool new iPad featured their wine list, and we ordered a bunch of savory starters to begin our feast.The Seafood Cakes were the hit appetizer. Chunks of lobster, sweet crab, shrimp and scallop were delicately molded in a crunchy shell with caper aioli sauce...Yum-O. The entrees were also a resounding two thumbs up: feast your eyes on Maui Cattle Rib Eye,  Ginger Crusted Onaga (prev mentioned), and Mac Nut Coconut Lamb Chops. All of the menu items are deserving of praise in their own right.Service is spot on, as previously mentioned. All servers go through rigorous training to ensure that they know every nuance of the dining experience. Service is consistently on point. Water levels never drop below half-mark (I mentioned this in my Roy's review; both chefs are esteemed figures in the HRC class). And above all else, the customer's satisfaction is paramount. The desserts are no small matter either. Try "The Coconut"- a clever twist on a local favorite: haupia (coconut) ice cream in a chocolate shell with lilikoi (passion fruit) drizzle and fresh fruit compote.One of the highest achievements a local chef can receive is being the winner of the Hale Aina Awards (the James Beard of the islands). Alan Wongs has received the MOST wins for Restaurant of the Year since Honolulu Magazine began this tradition. Thank you Alan Wong's for another great evening of foodie memories!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,6/15/2014,249,129,19,31,28>I just love the creative Vietnamese dishes is the Pig &the Lady, which I have frequented often. In fact, when my daughter + fiancé are here from Maui, it's standard routine to be at the Farmer's Market at Kapiolani Community College by 7a to put in our orders for breakfast at P&L (to avoid the long lines) and eating at 7:30a; it's their favorite too.The P&L is the mastermind of Chef Andrew Le, whose cooking is inspired by his mother, aka "Mama Le." The unusual name has meaning - the "pig" is named for Chef Le, who has a tattoo of a pig on his upper arm, & the "lady" refers to his mom; pig memorabilia are placed at his venues. Chef Le was born/raised in Honolulu by his immigrant parents from Vietnam. After graduating from the Culinary Institute of America in New York, he worked his way up to sous chef under Chef Mavro; opened his pop-up restaurant, P&L, at Hank's Haute Dogs in the evenings & then at Taste; & continued his exposure via the local farmers' markets. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… In a matter of days, Chef Le will have his own restaurant under the same name, while continuing the farmers' markets. P&L will be partnering w/ the non-profit Pacific Gateway Center, which supports immigrants & low income residents by employing them in work training programs. In addition to their regular menu items, P&L will offer catering for small meetings to large events, such as weddings & graduations. We love Chef Le's creations, whether they are salads, appetizers, pho, rice plates, banh mi, or desserts. His creations are so pleasing to the palate, as they are essentially Vietnamese cuisine plus subtle additions that result in his delicious dishes not found elsewhere. He even continues to make changes even on his own dishes which become similar variations at each farmer's market. His dishes are all flavorful, delicious, & superb; his ingredients are locally grown from local farmers.The P&L booth at the KCC Farmer's Market is an amazing operation! Menu descriptions are clearly displayed & accompanied w/ actual dishes; a full "kitchen" is in place just like a regular brick & mortar restaurant. There are several dining tables if you want to eat there. Awesome operation considering the varied number of items offered! yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… Some of the dishes we've tried are: - Canh Bi Suon Heo Non (Kabocha Sparerib Soup) - kabocha, huge chunks of spare rib, clear broth. Very tasty, w/ lots of kabocha and a huge chunk of spare rib. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… - French Dip Banh Mi - 12-hour roasted brisket, sautéed bean sprouts/onions, Thai basil chimichurri w/ pho au jus on the side. It is so good that I don't need to dip it in the pho, as it is delicious by itself. Voted as top of the 100 things to eat in Hawaii by Honolulu Magazine. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… - Breakfast Pho - smoked applewood bacon, poached egg, Thai basil, cilantro, spicy bean sprouts, onions, fresh hand-cut rice noodles. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… - Canh Chua Chay - taro stems, okra, pineapple, celery, bean sprouts, fresh rice noodles, lemongrass, tomato-tamarind broth. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… - Le Banh Mi Sunrise - breakfast sandwich of char siu pork belly, Vietnamese ham, headcheese, chicken liver pate, house pickles & cucumbers, fried poached egg. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… - Pho Ga - poached chicken, fresh herbs, Thai chili vinaigrette, fresh hand-cut noodles topped w/ a soft cooked egg. - Oxtail Pho - large chunks of slow-cooked oxtail, Thai basil, cilantro, bean sprouts, onions, fresh hand-cut rice noodles in Mama Le's famous pho broth.  We also got additional huge bones to pick on - so delicious! yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… - Com Ga Hoi An (fresh Vietnamese Chicken Salad) - marinated poached chicken, fried shallots, Thai basil, green/red cabbage, rau ram (Vietnamese coriander), fish sauce vinaigrette, jasmine turmeric rice. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… - Jajyangmyun - smoked pork shoulder, spicy bean sprouts, fried shallots, house-made black garlic, fresh hand cut rice noodles.- Lemon Cookie Parfait - yogurt-based parfait w/ lemon flavoring topped w/ crumbled cookie bits. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-… Looking forward to Chef Le's grand opening of his new restaurant!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,6/14/2014,196,182,20,32,27>Tracked this place down yesterday for lunch with HB as we were in the area and previously didn't know it existed.  Shout out to Joe P for the review that sent me here.  This place is the epitome of a hole in the wall with 4 or 5 tables and old furnishings....really, really old.  If you weren't looking for it you would never know it was there.  There were two tables full of people, with us the place was crowded!We split the combination plate at the recommendation on the owner and I ordered a side of the Squid Luau.  As advertised, the Lau lau was enormous, cut in half it was easily as big as the Highway Inn offering with lots of flavor.  The Kalua pork was moist and not as salty as most, this is my preference.  Loved the Lomi Lomi, best I think I have ever had.  The day old poi, awesome..would have ordered it 2 days old if they had it....like it sour.  Pipikaula was excellent.  The squid luau didn't measure up to others.  Seems they make the Luau mix, not sweet enough, and then threw sliced squid on top.  Probably used the same Luau mix for the chicken and just tossed chicken on top, purely speculation on that though.  The Haupia was wonderful!  They even gave us a separate serving in addition to the one that came with the combo plate.Will be back again but will skip the Squid luau.  The combo plate is the way to go for two and at $24 it's a great deal any plenty.  This is definitely a 4.5!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,6/13/2014,263,224,19,14,14>Okay I already got scolding from many of you for not writing my first review in 2014 in a song. I won't promise this all the time but here we go my first 2014 review in a song. Its time to turn those jerseys around its time to JUMP in the tune of KRIS KROSS.Jump, jumpYou should know, you should know thatahhhA new place of fun I'll talk about todaySo this review will make you go outWe commence to make youJump, jumpTrampoline Dodge Ball make ya Jump JumpTrampoline Basketball will make ya Jump JumpITRAMPLINE HAWAII will make ya Jump JumpDon't try to compare this to another bad little fadITRAMPOLINE HAWAII is giving ya something that you never hadTrampolines in Kapolei will make ya wiggle and shake your rump'Cause I'll be kicking the flavor that makes you wanna JumpHow high? Real highCause I'm just so flyOkay who am I kidding I can't lieTrying to keep up with the kids but falling on my back'Cause my conditioning is wiggida wiggida wiggida wackReserved one hour that's it for jumpin'After 10 minutes my heart can't stop pumpinDunking a basketball acting like I'm all thatThinking I'm Jordan but the kids won't believe thatJump, jumpTrampoline Foam Pit will make ya jump, jumpTrampoline Fun Zone will make ya jump, jumpITRAMPOLINE HAWAII will make ya jump, jumpuh huh uh huhJump, jumpOkay I need to stop I can't jump, jumpI'm to old for this to jump, jumpITRAMPOLINE HAWAII will make ya jump, jump2014 I come knockin' knockin'I love it when a review is like jockin' jockin'The Yelper "Cy C"Yeah you know meI got you jumpin' an' pumpin' an pump movin' all around ITRAMPOLINE I will be backNext time reserve online and got my socks packedPushing that kid out of the line was not coincidentalGet out of my way this old man is mentalNew place for fun and exercise if you never heardHad a lot of fun, but aches and pains after occurredAs you read my review with KRIS KROSS melodyITRAMPOLINE HI  makes you J-U-M-P
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/12/2014,154,328,10,17,14>How is it, that I didn't know about this GEM of a restaurant?????? It was my sister's burfday today.........and we celebrated her burfday, as well as a belated burfday for me at MW Restaurant tonight.This hidden gem of a restaurant is located at the old KGMB station on Makaloa Street.......right next door to the Hawaii USA Federal Credit Union. Parking is limited at this location, there is a $4.00 charge for valet parking. If you're not down 'wid dat, then you can do the street metered parking, or right next door in the First Hawaiian Bank parking lot, there is marked parking stalls managed by Pro Park Inc. You park in the stall, make notation of the number of the stall you parked in, then got to the meter pay box & pay for your parking.We had an early reservation tonight, as the place was PACKED!!!! The food was AWESOME!!! And to top it off, SERVICE was impeccable!!!! I want to give a BIG shout out to John our waiter, as well as Ashley his assistant who made our dining experience a joyful one! I will get to the food, then get back to the service..........When we walked into the restaurant, we got seated right away, and the hostess delivers our menu's to the table........when I looked at the menu, I was totally STUNNED at the custom menu they had made for me, as well as my sister! (See Pic).And I must say - " I GET DA GRINDZ!!!!!" :)For tonight's grub - I started my meal with a House Salad........this particular salad used local greens from Ma'o farms, and it comes with a sesame soy vinaigrette dressing.For my entree - I ordered the Grilled Kalbi Shortribs...........ribs were so soft & flavorable! The ribs sat on a bed of Spicy Eggplant, with Kim Chee, and a Kim Chee Potato Salad!!!! The Kim Chee Potato Salad was sooooooo good!  I'm a person that totally HATES mayonnaise, so if you can make something I would eat with mayonnaise in it, that's saying a lot!!!! This particular Kim Chee Potato salad I could eat for days I tell you!!!!For dessert - I ordered a Coconut Cake........it was just okay for me. The presentation was awesome, but I was expecting a real coconut cake slice. My sister's dessert was sooooooo good! I wished I had ordered that instead............I forgot what it was called, but it appeared to be some kind of custard dish. What can I say............I had mentioned about the service we received at this place a little earlier in my review, but I just wanted to point out the hard working assistant (Ashley) that made our meal a wonderful dining experience! I say this because the dude worked hard, I tell you! When I needed more green tea, BAM! The dude was there filling up my glass like no tomorrow. When my drink ran out of ice, BAM! Ice was delivered in a separate cup. When I needed a big knife to cut my meat, BAM! The knife was delivered to me! When I wanted more bread, BAM! Dude was serving it up, lickitty split!!!!! All of this happening WITHOUT us even having to ask! This tells me the dude was observing our table, & he was being very attentive to our needs!  When the bill came.............my pops left them a very good tip............ Thanks again for making our dining experience a wonderful one! We will surely be back again to try more of your wonderful menu!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,6/11/2014,310,332,13,25,24>I work for a great company and get great benes. What can make my job even better? Duh, food! I was so excited when it was announced that we would were getting a cafeteria and a cafe in it. Sadly, food would not be free but hey, you can't have everything. And what made it even more exciting was to food would be prepared by the Pili Group... aka Gooch's (Mark Noguchi) gang...yup the same folks who run Taste and ran the Hee'ia Pier store. Lunch Box just opened on November 11 and it was busy! yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…First of all, many of the menu options are healthy and made from locally sourced products ranging from Ho Farm tomatoes to Kulana beef. I love buying local! This does mean that the food isn't dirt cheap but I think the prices are reasonable considering the quality of the food. They have grab and go sandwiches (i.e. Egg turkey) and salads. yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…They have granola cups and desserts (they will vary but I had the coconut ulu rice pudding and it was very tasty). yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…They have daily special soups/stews and sammys. yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…First day, I had a cauliflower melt. I know. Sounds kind of gross and too healthy right? Well it was love at first bite. I don't know what he put in it (well I do know actually...kraut, cheese and whatever Muffler sauce is) but he managed to make it delicious and there wasn't even any meat in it! yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…Grilled cheese. Yummy. yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…The bread definitely contributes to the deliciousness of the sammys. The bread is baked fresh from the Breadshop by Christopher Sy.Today I had the Kulana beef chili with hapa rice. It's serve your own for soups and stews so of course I piled in the stew and put a little bit of rice (made how like it). The chili was good, not too spicy and meaty. It was a nice comfort food. yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…The staff works hard and are super friendly too! yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…They are still in the process of seeing what works and what doesn't and creating new things (can't wait til they try a ramen or bento concept). yelp.com/biz_photos/lunc…To be fair, just like any other business they have some kinks to work out... the wait for food needs to be worked on and some items are good but not omg good. But so far overall, awesome awesome awesome. I know my waistline and wallet probably don't agree. Unfortunately, this place is not open to the public. It's in the Hawaiian Airlines corporate office. Therefore, hopefully you're friends with an employee who you can meet for lunch! I get the feeling I will have a lot of new friends soon ;)
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,6/10/2014,577,251,8,19,14>So what might inspire me to write another Yelp review after a several month hiatus? How about an excellent giant burrito at a reasonable price served with a smile within walking distance of my office? Yeah, that would do it; and that's exactly what I found at Big (sic) City Tacos!When I say walking distance, I'm not speaking hypothetically.  I'm talking actually done it more than once walking distance!  The burritos are good, and built to your specification. They take a very large tortilla and stuff it completely full of the ingredients you specify!  And the staff is friendly, efficient, and helpful.  When I complemented the owner (I think he was the owner) on the excellent burrito I was served, he let me know his management philosophy:  "If we always aim for perfection, we'll hit excellence every time!"  It's working for him.PS: try one with the pickled habanero sauce: WOW!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,6/9/2014,1039,82,21,27,20>I haven't been to a place like this before. You know, the kind of place where your meal is served to you in a large plastic bag. Put a bib on and get ready, you eat with your bare hands (ok glove covered hands) while digging through a plastic bag of goodies. All the while gooey seasoning is sticking to your gloves. Don't be ashamed to lick your fingers. Seafood galore as you peel shrimp, crack crab legs  & lobster claws as you dip each piece in the seasoning that has settled at the bottom of the bag, stuffing your face and not feeling a bit self conscious about it. Yeah, that's the kind of place I'm talking about. Located in the Waimalu Shopping Center in Aiea, who would've guessed this place existed in an unassuming strip mall on the Leeward side. I passed by this place a few times on my way to other restaurants and made a mental note to try it one day.My friends held a surprise birthday party for me here a couple of weeks ago. The inside is quite spacious, well lit, with tables that easily seat big parties (there were 10 of us) or a table for 2. I noticed they had another room that connected to the dining area but the lights were off in that section.Our main waitress was very friendly and attentive. Very knowledgeable and patiently explained the menu to us as it was our first time there. When we got there my other friends were already chomping on deep fried chicken wings and french fries. Omgosh, the wings were huge and so delish. So good that we ordered another basket. We also ordered the deep fried oysters which were equally yummy. I have to warn you though, the deep fried chicken and oysters were piping hot, so hot that when I bit into it, I swear I saw steam waffling up to the ceiling. The menu is pretty self explanatory. You order the seafood you want, perhaps a side or two like corn or sausage, pick a seasoning, such as garlic butter or Cajun spice (which by the way are the two most popular) and it comes to you all together in a big plastic bag. I ordered the lobster and crab legs both with different seasoning so it came in two different bags. I also ordered a side of corn on the cob and sausage. For me the garlic seasoning was a bit too pasty and a little salty but it was still good. The Cajun seasoning was quite good but by the time I got to the crab legs I was too full to really enjoy and savor the Cajun spices. Didn't particularly care for the sausages. They were cut big and I would've liked it to be cooked a bit more. All of my seasoning settled at the bottom of my bag which wasn't a problem. I just dipped my seafood into it before eating it. They also offer combos that I believe started from about $48. One friend ordered a combo that had lobster, mussels, clams, shrimp and craw fish. Another ordered one that had dungeness crab instead of the lobster and I think that was about $55. Both bags were quite huge and I doubted they would finish it but they did....barely. Two other friends ordered the deep fried cat fish. When their baskets first arrived they were both thrilled to see their baskets contained generous amounts of huge catfish & fries but they were quickly disappointed as the ratio of batter vs catfish was quite big. They both ended up peeling off the batter. As we were winding down, a waitress plopped a box that was in a plastic bag in front of me and asked me what I wanted to do with it. Before I could even say anything or form a thought in my brain she walked off. On top of the bag were paper plates and a knife so I knew right away it was my birthday cake. Apparently, my friends who had arrived first had asked them to hold it in the back. My friends were appalled and quickly grabbed the box from me and made me close my eyes until they could set the cake up. A pretty funny moment that the waitress gives the birthday girl the "surprise birthday cake" and asks her what she wants to do with it. Er um...Hellooooo, I'm the only one wearing leis. Insert sounds of crickets chirping. A little while later the same waitress came to the head of our table and announced, "this is how we do things here". We all turned to her and she instructed us all to grab our drinks and hold them up. We do. She told us to pass down all the baskets, we did. We're still holding up our drinks and I'm thinking she's going to do some kind of gimmick. She asks for certain things and we pass it to her. She tells my two friends who were seated at the other end of the table to pick up the paper table cloth, they do. She started to crumple up the paper as she pulled it toward herself. I didn't notice the trash bin she had behind her but after crumpling up the table cloth she put it in there and walked off. Er um...ok. I don't have another place to compare Cajun King to but it was def a delightful experience and a place I'd recommend. I suggest sharing though as portions as very generous.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,6/8/2014,147,155,8,16,13>I rate restaurants based on 4 categories:  Service, Food, Ambience, and Water Refills.Agu exceeded all of these.Service was great.  We were greeted with smiling faces coming in, and were said goodbye to leaving.  One of the owners came out, talked story behind the creation of Agu, and spoke about their vision moving forward.  Exciting things going on here for sure.Food was excellent.  I ordered the Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen with spicy level 2 (out of 5 being the spiciest).  The broth was perfect.  Not too spicy but had a kick.  The noodles were soft and char siu was very tasty.  We ordered their gyoza as well which was also good.  Ambience was relaxing.  Low lit, nice color tones, clean everything.  The only thing I would suggest though is to maybe curtain up the kitchen.  For some reason I don't like being able to see my food being prepared haha.  I might be an anomaly on this so no biggie.  Water refills are soooooooooo important to me and our waitress Jasmine was always on point.  I don't even think not once did the water level in my cup dip below the halfway mark.  Kudos!  Even being opened for only three days I would say they had everything in order and running smoothly.  Because of literally just opening, not all items on the menu were available but will be coming very soon.  Thats ok though because I will definitely be back to try the other items in the meantime!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/7/2014,328,504,18,25,25>VIVA Via Gelato!!Gelato enthusiasts rejoice as Via Gelato has opened a new storefront in the Kaimuki neighborhood.  Located next to Hale Vietnam, some friends and I visited over the weekend and we found the new store to be bright and welcoming.The ordering counter is immediately to your left as you enter, and there are various tables situated against the wall for customers to sit and enjoy their gelato.....or coffee!The community tables have signs proclaiming "Live Aloha & Share your Table", which is a very diplomatic way of saying please welcome others to the table.Sampling is encouraged by the staff, and I was able to try the Vanilla bean flavor.  I could have sworn that another flavor, peanut butter oreo, was calling my name, but alas I felt the vanilla bean was shouting my name much louder.  I ordered a regular vanilla bean and retreated to a nearby table to enjoy my dessert.  My other friends chose the peanut butter oreo and guava sorbet, respectively.  I enjoyed the vanilla bean tremendously, and thanks to my friend was able to taste the peanut butter oreo which, incidentally, was quite good.  Hopefully that flavor is present on a future visit.BOTTOM LINE:  I enjoyed my first visit to Via Gelato's new store, and I hope make many more visits in the future!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,6/6/2014,231,559,24,29,32>5th star for nostalgia and old fashioned prices. 4 stars for food and serviceFried noodles- whole bunch of fried noodles for 5.00 garnished with green onions and fish cake. $1.50 for each add on.mi chose spam and chop suey veggies.... I imagined it to be msg filled but to my surprise it was not, in fact, it was very nicely seasoned. Sweet sour spare ribs- not too sweet, not too sour, very well made and the rib itself was poked to perfection.The topping of my visit?  Deep fried fruit turn overs. The old fashioned kind. I had apple, peach / pineapple, pineapple, sewer potato OMG. A walk down memory lane. And to chase the turnover ? A delightful cup of coffee. The coffee surprised me! It was very good!  Giving the baristas a good run for their joe.Their food even if it's in plate lunch to go fashion is quite the place. Oh, they have these machines that make a variety of flavors for soft ice and a variety of flavors of frozen fruit juices.A must even for my car who ,recently travels west of the airport viaduct more frequently than before
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,6/5/2014,242,151,9,20,16>Regardless of if you're throwing down the dolla bills living in the lap of luxury, or a deal seeking foodie, Hiroshi has a little something to offer everyone. Though the BF and I went for regular dinner service, the hostess kindly informed us of their phenomenal happy hour deal. As other Yelpers have discovered and raved, HH here is 50% off the food menu, and runs from 5:30-6:30pm every day of the week! What normally is a little pricey becomes reasonably priced. Get here early though, because it's limited to the bar only--which seats about 14. In addition to HH, Hiroshi also has rotating special menus. What drew me in is the locally grown menu. For $35, this is four courses showcasing local flavors and ingredients. The menu changes on a monthly basis, and is only offered on sundays and mondays. If you're planning on trying this out, definitely make a note of it in advance when making reservations because they can run out. An extra $14 will get you a trio of wine pairings with your food. Awesome deal, especially if you like to sample different wines. Generous pours, too!Since I like eating the entire world, the BF and I decided to ask if it was possible to just order one locally grown menu and order off the regular menu as well. Yes, it is!  We decided to do this, since some of the regular tapas looked too good to pass up. I won't delve too much into what I had from the LGM, since what I got might not always be available. I will say though, the seared ahi and pasta with ume butter and shiso literally blew my mind! The portion was small, but I savored every bite. The fish was cooked to flaky perfection. The house made pasta was cooked to a nice, al-dente texture and coated with a rich and savory ume butter sauce. This was garnished with fragrant diced shiso leaves, and limu for a nice salty crunch. If it comes available, this is definitely a must order. While everything was delicious, this was by far the standout from the locally grown menu. Onto the regular menu: -Sizzlin' Hawaiian Kampachi Carpaccio: Delicate, fresh and tangy. The bite from the ginger went perfectly with the bold citrusy flavor of the ponzu sauce. -Lobster Cake: This came off the specials menu, however it was just so-so. The presentation was beautiful, as it came to the table our server poured a green broth out of a teapot into the bowl. Talk about flourish! I enjoyed the tarragon broth, but the texture of the actual cake was unexpected. To be honest it tasted like one of those lobster balls that you might get in asian noodle soup. Good but not worth the $11 price tag.-Foie Gras Sushi: Omg, I loved this! Looking at the menu, this one absolutely jumped out at me. What an unconventional take on sushi! Beautifully glazed slabs of foie gras topped with shiso on light, airy sushi rice. The foie gras was velvety soft, buttery perfection. One order gets you a pair of sushi, but portions are more than generous. -Chocolate Chocolate: Decadent fourless chocolate cake paired with a scoop of raspberry sorbet. How is it so that a cake can be both light and rich? I've had flourless cakes before that were so thick and heavy in texture that I had a hard time putting a fork thru. Yet, this cake was impossibly light yet bursting with a deep, hearty chocolate flavor. The raspberry sorbet was refreshing and bright against the rich chocolate notes. I'm not a huge fan of dessert, but this sold me.Whether you're feeling like a fancy pants and wanna flex your wallet for dinner, or looking for a snazzy alternative to your tried and true HH spot--I'm looking at you, beer garden-Hiroshi's has a little bit of something to offer everyone.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,6/4/2014,61,56,11,18,13>After hearing about this place so much from other people, I finally got to try it yesterday!  My friend and I were in waikiki waiting for the fireworks to start (we had about 4 hours to kill), so he suggested we go to Sansei and catch the early bird special.DEAL!What is the early bird special you ask?  Only the BEST FLIPPIN' DEAL EVER.  From 5:15pm-6:00pm on Sundays & Mondays practically everything on the menu is 50% OFF!  Yup 50!  Not 10, 15, or a measly 20, but 50!!!!!  Now because this is such a good deal, it's obvious that you'll have to come earlier than 5:15 to catch a seat.  We came around 4:30 and there were people already waiting for seats.  The good thing is that you have a choice to either get in the dining room line or sushi bar line.  Sushi bar seemed to be less popular as we were first in line, while there were about 6-8 people waiting in the other line.TIP!A good tip while you're waiting is to check out the menu and know what you want to order beforehand.  There will be some items where the discount does not apply (it'll be marked with an asterisk) but those items are only a small part of the menu!  Once we were seated the waitress promptly introduced our sushi chef, asked us our drink orders, and told us she'll be back to take "hot food" orders.  Since you are sitting at the sushi bar, you can order your sushi, rolls, etc right away from the sushi chef.  Another big perk of sitting here!FOOD!Free edamame: Free is yummy :]Salmon and hamachi nigiri:  Very fresh and super good ratio of fish to rice!  Tamago nigiri: This had a nice sweetness, plus the tamago was 2 sizes bigger than the rice! Panko crusted ahi:  This was pretty good.  The ahi inside was tender while the panko crust was crunchy~  The sauce was probably the best part of this dish though...Fried calamari "salad":  Definitely not a salad...unless you're looking for a deliciously fried one.  It's a giant fried won-ton bowl filled with pieces of golden fried calamari drenched in a tangy sriracha hot sauce/dressing.  Well...ok there are some pieces of greens in there if you really hunt for them :pMisoyaki butterfish:  Melt in your mouth goodness.Crab ramen with truffle broth:  OMG.  I don't know what they put in this broth (we suspected a whole lot of butter) but it is AMAZING.  I usually don't try to finish my broth when it comes to ramen but I definitely drank this up!DESSERT! (Cause it obviously deserves its own section)Tempura fried ice cream:  Vanilla ice cream surrounded by a layer of buttery pound cake, then DEEP FRIED and drizzled with chocolate and caramel sauce.  Let go of your inner guilt and just order it.I'll definitely be coming back again~!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,6/3/2014,390,471,34,49,37>Hawaii's penultimate restaurant.  A showcase for locally sourced ingredients prepared with a nod towards Hawaii's multiethnic culture.  Incredible dishes, an open air dining area with views Diamond Head, unpretentious and laid back service; it is storybook Hawaii.Understand that this IS an island restaurant.  No molecular gastronomy.  The risotto might not be perfectly centered on the plate.  A server may take your guest plate before everyone has finished.  Go with the flow.For an incredible sampling of Hawaii's seafood, do not pass the Azure chilled seafood platter.  Uber fresh Kona raised lobsters, abalone, prawns plus sushi grade kampachi and ahi from Hawaiian waters.  Delicious alone even better with the accompanying horseradish vodka sauce.The kiawe (mesquite) smoked, butter poached filet with foie is excellent.  Tender, enriched beef topped by a perfectly seared piece of foie bathed in a black truffle and Madeira sauce.  Bitter, sweet, earthy, umame charged flavors enveloping the rich foie.    Fish lovers, do not pass the "Pier 38" menu.  The freshest selections of fish simply roasted then served with local fishhouse sides (the Kahuku corn and Hamakua mushrooms bring out the oceanic flavor of any fish while the sake braised spinach with garlic enhances their sweetness).  Excellent sear, well cooked without any albumin.  The standout, "Crispy Whole Fish".  The catch of the day (Opakapaka on a recent visit), dusted with flour, deep fried well done, finished with fleur de sel and a mildly spicy Korean chili "dust" then accompanied by a tofu and watercress salad.  A ponzu dressing provides the acidity needed to brighten the entire dish.  Crispy skin, flaky but moist flesh; perfect.Well chosen but very short wine list that pairs well with the cuisine.  Very high Hawaii resort prices.While everything isn't perfect; so what?  The good far outweighs the bad and well; just look up from your plate and remember where you are.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,6/2/2014,416,84,16,20,22>To Thai For is a game changer.C: Let's get something to eat before I catch my flight.J: Ok, how bout To Thai For? It's right down the street.C: I don't like Thai.J: Uhmm, say wha? Why? Thai food is delicious.C: Well, I only tried Thai curry and it was too spicy. My stomach....the bathroom...J: -cuts off C- Goddd tmi dude. You know there are other things at Thai restaurants other than curry, right? It's good, give it a chance.After delicious meal at To Thai For.C: Ok, that was pretty good.J: Damn right.To Thai For is affordable, there is a large selection of dishes and the food is pretty legit.  I always order their pork chops. Sooo tasty and I like peppery dishes so it's right up my alley.  Their yellow curry was a little on the thin side the last time we dined, but was still pretty good and loaded with chicken and veggies. I like the green curry personally. I also really enjoy the pad thai. And the spring rolls. And the papaya salad. And....you get the point.Service is so friendly and parking is fairly easy with the big lot in the back. Only thing is the lot gets kinda crowded on the weekend nights. Be prepared to fight old Japanese ladies for stalls. Worth the fight though, for sure.Give it a chance. May not be to die for, but definitely to Thai For! (Cheeeesy!)
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,6/1/2014,3139,188,16,19,20>(L) ove the beautiful selection of desserts here(A) la Moana Center is where they are located(G) et there early for the best selection of desserts(E) xpensive but so worth it(L) ives up to the hype(E) njoy eating the Japanese Cheescake(E) xpecting large portions here...FORGET IT!!!(A) sk the knowledgable staff what they recommend(U) rgent need for a jelly drink writing this review(L) ove the matcha green tea cake too(A) lways order my birthday cakes here( I ) t's pricey, but i could care less(T) he Strawberry Shortcake is orgasmic(E) arly bird gets the best selection of desserts(S) imilar bake shops don't even come close to taste(T) ried a lot of places in Hawaii, and this place is tops for me(F) or the lactose intolerant...stay away from here(A) must try is the Mont Blanc (N) ow i want to go drive all the way to ala moana now(T) o eat these sweet delicate masterpieces(A) cai cup is just so so(S) trawberry Shortcake is my Viagra(T) he light airy spongey taste of this cake ( I ) s out of this world(Q) uality is what you will get at this place(U) niquely exquisite and outstanding in taste(E) xpect to go to Japan for something this good...Heureux Yelping Everyone
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,5/31/2014,86,225,7,13,10>Bikram Yoga Honolulu is a hidden gem in the heart of Kaimuki.  And it is quite literally HIDDEN!  It is located right above 12th Ave Grill and you can access the second floor via a set of stairs or an elevator.  I had to wander aimlessly around the parking lot until I noticed a shirtless yogi heading upstairs.  If all else fails, look for the shirtless yogis!  If you are able to find street parking, I highly recommend it.  Parking in the metered lot or in the municipal lot with the attendant will cost you about $3.  If you go to the studio often, those $3 could really add up!The studio is VERY spacious.  Much more than I anticipated.  There is a set of lockers that you can leave your bags in.  There is also a restroom and showers for men and women.  My first class was Bikram Candlelight with Kerith.  Her style of teaching is much more narrative than hands-on.  She would walk around the room and talk us through each pose and encourage us to challenge ourselves.  Most of the students seemed at ease with this method, but as a new student, I was a bit lost without a guide to follow.  Thankfully I was seated next to my Bikram pro friend and followed her as best I could.  Not used to the heat, I experienced mild dizziness, but I'm sure the more I practice and grow acclimated to the heat, the stronger I will feel.A drop-in class is $20, but for $10 more you can take advantage of a 2 week unlimited new student deal!  Thank you Nicole N. for introducing Elise C. and me to Bikram Yoga Honolulu! :)
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,5/30/2014,253,87,6,11,8>I am a native New Mexican, so I know what good Mexican food is. That being said, how come it took me 6 years of living in Honolulu to finally pay a visit to Torito's? No idea. I had tried other establishments and had mostly negative comments, and had resigned myself to only have good Mexican food when I visited the mainland. Torito's has helped me to change that mindset-- because I had a great experience when I ate dinner there the other night! The place is located in Market City shopping center, kind of a small space but decorated nicely and lots of seating available. When we walked in, we were promptly greeted (that is a big thing for me, I hate walking in places and just standing there, looking around, waiting for someone to notice I am there). We sat down at a table by their small, but well-stocked bar and a server quickly dropped off waters and tortilla chips and salsa to tide us over until we sorted out what we wanted to order. The salsa is the BOMB DOT ORG! seriously, this is a major way to tell between the legit Mexican food spots and the bad ones. The salsa tasted fresh and the chips were nicely salted (though the the chips could be a little thinner, for my taste, but that is being picky). The menu has a lot of variety and I was stoked to see that they have combination plates. I ordered a combo plate with a red beef enchilada and a chicken flauta. My friend ordered a chicken chimichanga smothered in red chile. The wait for food was not long, but long enough that I could tell that they made the food to order, with care. Everything tasted fresh, and the presentation on the plates was spot on. My plate came with Spanish rice and refried beans topped with cheese. I must say I never, ever have anything great to say about Spanish rice, but theirs was delicious! Combine that with the awesome, cheesy refried beans and I am a happy girl. My red enchilada was tasty- but not at all hot/spicy. The chicken flauta was super good, not oily at all, and came with generous portions of pico de gallo, guacamole, and sour cream. My friends plate was the chimichanga a la carte and it was HUGE. He killed it and was stuffed and happy. I almost finished my entire plate and was super happy too. The customer service was awesome, they checked on us a few times and the manager walked around talking to table in a nice, upbeat, conversational manner. Mexican TV played in the background, adding to the ambiance. Next, time I will defintiely sit in front of the TV- it was pretty entertaining. Also, next time: try the margaritas. The bar looked like it had a bunch of different tequilas to choose from! I will defniitely be back. Mahalo, Torito's for giving Honolulu awesome Mexican food!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,5/29/2014,194,157,6,11,9>This is a very good place to get breakfast.  The location is wonderful, the servers are very friendly (always smiling), and the food is pretty darn good.  The ambiance is like a mainland diner.  There is a large chalkboard over the kitchen displaying the daily special.  It looks like a lot of diners and tapas bars we seen in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, etc.  What I really like about this place is the chef is risky and tries to infuse new flavors and techniques.The Bi Bim Bop in the skillet was really good.  I can make an argument that it is better than most Korean Restaurants that we go to.  The ham, sausage, and bacon actually complimented the wide variety of vegetables used in this dish instead of overwhelming it.  The garlic rice was very flavorful and was a little bit crispy to offer a nice compliment to the other ingredients.  I would give this dish an A.The Cornflake French Toast was very nice.  The crunchy corn flakes offered a nice contrasting of textures to the soft bread.  I would have liked the bread to have little more flavor.  But the maple sauce was tasty and there was also black pepper in the sauce which was a new twist.  I had this in the mainland, but it's cool that someone here in Hawaii is doing the same.Finally, we had the Eggs Haloa.  I didn't know it did not come with meat.  So I guess if you are a vegetarian then this dish is great.  But I need meat.  I didn't like the local greens that came with the dish.  It made the plate look sloppy.  The dish wasn't too savory.  I would have liked it if she used collard greens instead of the luau leaves.  Implementing tako would have been a nice twist on this dish, kind of making it an innovative Squid Luau Benedict.I would go back again.  This is going to be a top breakfast spot.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,5/28/2014,231,162,5,9,10>There is a reason Fresh Garden Deli the highest-rated spot for salad in the Downtown Honolulu lunch scene - quick service, reasonably priced, and tasty salads. They don't serve fancy hipster gourmet couture salads with local organic produce, but their food is solid and great for lunch.Apple Tuna Curry (Monday and Wednesday) - This is by far my favorite salad in Downtown. At first, I was a little sheepish/chang about paying $9.50 for a frickin salad, but it's a very generous portion that comes with two baseball-sized scoops of apple tuna curry salad on a small bed of broccoli atop a heaping pile of lettuce. It's definitely enough for two meals. Oh, and the apple tuna curry salad is simple yet so delicious! I had scratched tuna salad off my diet a while ago because it's boring and unhealthy, but this apple tuna curry salad has brought it back to the forefront. The bits of apple give it a nice refreshing crispness and the curry flavor adds a nice splash of sass to the tuna. High protein and low carb lunch? Yes! Healthy? Well, not really, especially with all that mayo and the balsamic vinaigrette dressing.Turkey and Roasted Garlic Salad (Monday) - Very similar to the Apple Tuna Curry salad in presentation, except with cold turkey salad. It's decently garlicky and very meaty. I prefer the Apple Tuna Curry, but this is still very pleasing and satisfying.Chicken, Jicama, and Mandarin Orange Salad (Tuesday) - I love how this salad reminds me of a refreshing and cheerful version of Chinese chicken salad. It's on the sweeter side and feels a lot lighter than the other salads.Fiesta Salad (Friday) - It's okay. I can see why others enjoy this salad (and the burritos), but it's just not my thing.OMG Sandwich - More like, "OMG-WTF-Why-is-it-so-big?" It's the apple tuna curry salad with bacon and avocado in a sandwich form, and weighs 1lb 5oz, according to my office postage scale.Cash only and remember to grab your own utensils!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,5/27/2014,228,372,7,18,14>2.17.14.I have been eyeing out this place for months, wondering when it would open (they did not post signs)...and it FINALLY has!! :)A friend and I had just picked up lunch from the Fort Street area and were heading to the crosswalk when a little girl came up to us and handed us what looked like business card. My first thought was, is she trying to sell us something?! No, she was handing out loyalty cards (collect 8 stamps and get one free drink!) for Timi House!Our curiousity got the better of us, so we headed over to this small venue that I had been checking out for months--yay! It is a quaint shop, that is very nicely decorated. They even have an upper floor, which one of the employees gave us a brief tour of...this makes me think we were probably their first customers!When you walk in the menu will be on your right on the wall above the register area; I really like those handwritten, chalkboard menus, kind of like the one at Bubbies. There is also an overwhelming amount of choices to choose from ranging from hot teas to milk teas to a bunch of other things that I did not even recognize. All the more reason to come back to try more...Both my friend and I opted to order medium-sized "Black Diamond" (coffee jelly) milk teas (~$4) based off of the employees recommendation. I really wanted the "Bubble Tea", but sadly, they were still cooking the bobas; they must have just opened because even the pudding looked like it still needed to set a bit. Thankfully these jellies were good to go and we were able to order it. After mixing our drinks, they offered us the opportunity to taste them (same process like at Taste Tea) and with our ok's, filled up our cups and we were on our way!In my opinion...I AM LOVING my milk tea--it's a great addition to my lunch today and makes working on a holiday (that almost everyone else has off) much better :) If I had one suggestion, I would say, turn up the AC in this joint!! It was a bit steamy in there while we were waiting...but I can forsee this place being a great hangout for HPU students and downtown folk alike!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,5/26/2014,512,228,13,15,12>Oh boy I love my coffee!The Good* their teas... great. not too sweet. I can taste the actual tea. * the coffee. oh the coffee!! why is it so much better than any other place?! i need to know. i always get the hawaiian honey coffee, but at this place i'm not afraid to try something new because it's always so delicious anyway* i have YET to try their famous acai bowl... but i know them tourist loooove it cuz the line is crazy for itThe Bad* the line for coffee versus acai bowl is crazy. the line was practically going down the escalator! if management is reading this, I really think you should make one line strictly for acai bowls, and an express line for coffee. either that ORRRR  have more staff to make acai bowls faster, or have more equipment to do so. * their coffee is great, and worth the drive and parking and hectic line.. but really.. i waited in line for 45 minutes JUST for coffee. i waited that long BECAUSE all the tourist were ordering acai bowls & it seems like that just held back everyoneThe Weird* i can just imagine how ridiculous it would look if the line did go down the escalator. backwards stair master anyone?!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,5/25/2014,192,124,6,12,11>This place has got to be as good as it gets. I'd say they offer heaven in a bowl, or cup. I'm overlooking parking as it's not that big of a deal, plus Your Kitchen is totally worth it. Quick tip: Find parking along the street, or near residential (you get to take a nice walk before and after you head to get your tummies full and satisfaction is GUARANTEED)!So, I have been here before as I heard about their freshly, home-made shave ice syrups (strawberry, haupia, green tea, just to name a few). Sadly, back during that time we had ordered the small and alas, it was the the syrup kind (you had to order a large in order for them to use their home-made syrup). I was determined to for once get to try their fresh syrups. And good news, all: They no longer have those imposter syrups. Yep, now what you see is all their homemade syrups. (I guess it got too confusing). I'd definitely opt for their strawberry. Their haupia is also really good. Don't forget to beef up your shave ice with ice cream! Yums. The "ice" part of their shave ice is really fine, and not crunchy... I hate crunchy shave ice. I actually had banana strawberry here, the banana is interesting, as it's like a puree, which was "okay". We had dessert before our main meal, which I was totally cool with since we ended up ordering take out. And what did I order? Of course, what any first timer here eats for the first time that many people rave about on the Yelp reviews: THE PORK BOWL. Oh, it is magnificent. Add me to the list of people raving about this bowl. This thing is no joke, the pork is very tasty, and oh so tender. I didn't mind even eating the fat altogether with the meat (that sounds pretty gross, but it's true). The egg which was boiled and I'm guessing panko-fried was also a nice touch to help balance the very flavorful pork (and did I say, TENDER?!) The regular was close to $9.00, but it was so dericious! Definitely taking my friends from out of town, or back home to this place during summer time. In fact, I may be visiting Your Kitchen sooner than later.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,5/24/2014,544,212,14,21,18>ALL YOU CAN EAT SHABU SHABU... & GELATO..It's simple, you choose your broth, the meats, veggies, and rice is ENDLESS.  You cannot leave full, it's just impossible.Masa, the owner, was our server and because it was an extremely slow sunday night, he was hanging out at our table.. He's such a character that I could not stop laughing.. He was making jokes about needing bigger bowls cause our appetites huge!I know service can be slow at times because if the place ever does get crowded then it'll be a waiting game as the server can only go so fast.  But lucky for us it was only our table and one other and MASA was hooking us up.We ordered the spicy and sukiyaki, and he came out real fast with the pots.  Then came the veggies, meat and rice.  I'm use to shabu shabu where i cook my meat one at a time to make sure it doesn't get over cooked but apparently MASA said i'm doing it all wrong.. "this is all you can eat.." as he takes the whole plate of meat and shovels it all into the pot.. And away we went..I'm pretty sure between the 6 of us, we managed to clear close to 12 plates of meat.. We had to tell MASA to stop bring out more because we were done and we wanted to attack his gelato case..I do love the fact that the gelato is all you can eat as well.. The black sesame is good but the green tea is FANTASTIC.. I definitely had a great experience and cannot wait to go back..
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,5/23/2014,38,38,16,23,23>There are two types of people.  Those that eat slowly, enjoying their culinary experience as they go.  And those that are just way too eager and cannot help but to stuff their face, finishing their meal before everyone else is yet halfway done.  I must admit, a bit embarrassingly, that I am the latter.  Usually, my eyes lock onto my food.  I get overly excited about eating.  And I wolf everything down (it never had a chance).  That's what happens when you like eating too much and look forward to it every moment of every day.So...I find it incredibly unusual when I actually have the urge to slow down my eating pace.  But that is the magical moment when I realize that the food I am eating is just that good!  The food at Torae Torae was soooo DELICIOUS that it actually got me to eat slower, because I didn't want my Torae Torae experience to end.  I always get very sad when I look down at an empty plate, knowing that there's no more to eat.  And I wanted to avoid that as much as possible at Torae Torae.The sashimi was amazing; so fresh, so fatty, so fabulously delicious!  I could eat that everyday if I had to.  (Actually, I would love it if I got to eat that everyday. :P)  Normally, I'm not one to eat too much uni.  The metallic taste sometimes leaves a "hanabata" feeling in my mouth but Torae Torae's uni was so sweet!!  It was incredible.  And after eating the O-toro, I swear I died and went to heaven.  That's all I could think of for the next few days.  I can't wait to go back and try other dishes here.  So far, each blew my taste buds away!  I considered all my favorite.  Torae Torae anyone?  Take me with you!!!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,5/22/2014,252,339,5,17,11>It's so great to have Bob McGee back in a kitchen!You might think "meatball" is too narrow a theme for a whole business, but really, there are so many possibilities, I'll have to make more than a dozen visits to try them all. Not only do you have a choice of protein from which your meatball can be made (includes beef, spicy pork, vegetable, seafood and chicken), but you have a choice of as many sauces and other accessories (spaghetti, polenta, fries, rice, etc.) as well. OR you can have a hoagie. Or a slider. Or poutine. The choices are endless. And they have sides. It's really kind of crazy.If you've had Bob's burger at the original incarnation of the Whole Ox Deli, you know the man knows how to season and cook meat, so I had no doubt that his beef meatball would be excellent. And it was. But I was also very curious about the veggie ball. I knew he wouldn't Gardenburger it, but would it be delicious? It was. I don't know what the secret recipe is, but I think I tasted . . . chickpea? It's reminiscent of a really, really good falafel, yet close enough of an approximation to meat that it can really stand on its own against the "real" meats at this place. Even my husband gave it a thumbs up, and he's not a fake meat guy at all. I got mine on poutine with mushroom gravy, and that's definitely a combination I'll be going back for.On top of the great food, Meatball has excellent service. Anyone who's had Bob's food before also knows his super friendly, personable wife, Erica, and it's great to see her doing what she does best here, too. Oh, and don't be intimidated by the tiny lot in back of the building (which is across from Safeway Kapahulu). There's plenty of free parking at the Kama'aina Acupuncture lot uphill from Waiola Shave Ice. GO. Try Meatball! It won't be your last time there. I know I'll be back!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,5/21/2014,155,214,8,18,12>On weekends, my parents would  bring us to market in Chinatown and Ying Leong Look Funn Factory was a routine stop. I marveled at the workers in back pouring the rice flour batter into oiled full-sheet trays and laying them into the huge steamers. Also, when the batter had steamed, they would retrieve the trays from the steamers then roll or fold the now cooked batter. It was hot, hard work for them back then with no air conditioning. Fast forward through several decades, this factory still exists and has been singly owned by the Chee Family. My siblings were always "divided" between noodle or look funn eaters...me, as the youngest child, ate and enjoyed both!There are other look funn factories around Chinatown, but, I think Ying Leong makes a "silkier", soft and not so oily funn (rice noodle). Over the years, I've not noticed any changes in quality or flavor but just the "usual"price increases. There are several types of look funn to choose from. Look funn is folded and plain which makes it ideal for either stir-frying or served in broth with vegetables, seafood or meat. Look funn doesn't have much of a flavor on its own but it'll absorb and compliment any additions. The other rice noodle (ji cheong funn) is rolled and is "studded" with EITHER  bits of Charsiu or rehydrated dried shrimp. In restaurants, you can get its elevated version from the carts as "look funn rolls" that are merely steamed look funn wrapped around fillings of Charsiu, beef, scallops or shrimp. Although today is Chinese New Year and Chinatown is crowded, I found the service here to be quite efficient...no rude, elderly folks. Haha.Well, I'm trying to start a modified gluten-free diet so rice in Chinese food seemed like a good familiar place to start.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,5/20/2014,62,409,14,16,14>I finally know what I want to do when I grow up.  I want to be an heiress to a fortune and build my own Islamic beach retreat!  Professional athletes and celebrities have been telling me that I can do anything I put my mind to if I just work hard and stay out of trouble.  I can't wait to grow up now.The Doris Duke House is simply stunning.  There are no other words that need to be said about this place.  But in case anyone needs convincing, I present some words.When driving up to this estate, most guests/tour members will probably by surprised by the conservative nature of the entrance.  There is some nice jungle landscaping and a front door, but neither are overly extravagant.  When I walked through the front door, my mind was blown as this conservative entrance gives way to the most extravagant house I have ever seen.  Literally everything inside of it is beautifully ornate and decorative.  The detail in the ceilings and the walls alone could take years to study and fully appreciate.  Then there are all of the pieces throughout the house that add to the beauty.  There are no guards, cases, even velvet ropes, separating guests from the furniture and art pieces.  This makes experiencing them so much more enjoyable because it doesn't feel like a museum as much as someone's private collection of priceless Islamic artifacts.After the interior of the house was comprehended, my tour got to experience another kind of breathtaking beauty - nature!  The exterior of the house incorporates local style with the natural glory of the island.  I could not imagine actually living in a place that is so extravagant and incredible.The docents were very friendly and knowledgeable and seemed to have an answer for every question asked of them.  The only question they couldn't answer was "what is the value of the property in today dollars?"  I'm sure answer is infinitely priceless, but it would have been an interesting fact to walk out of there with.  It would have helped me realize how close I am to reaching my day long dream of becoming an exuberant heiress from the early 20th century.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,5/19/2014,419,110,4,6,9>I don't usually feel comfortable going to boutiques because I feel that these boutiques will never have clothes in stock that will fit my body type. Luckily, I have been able to score a few precious clothing items from this location of House of Aria. Easy to find as it is located on the corner of Bethel and you can name popular locales  of Downtown around it. The shop is always clean and they are always switching up the type of styles that are out on the floor. However, I did go today and saw that there were a few items I saw from two months ago, but heck, I'm just too technical now.I enjoy the fact that the staff at the store is very attentive. You can hear them throughout the store calling their customers by name and they even write your name on your fitting room as you are changing. The changing room is always neat as well and has lots of space to put your bag down, sit to put on pants, hooks to hang the "yes" pile or "no" pile or even the "maybe" pile.I'd like to commend the girls at House of Aria Downtown for their work on Black Friday. They were highly organized and efficient at all times. The store was packed and the wait for the fitting rooms were long as the maximum items you may try on are five, but the staff made it enjoyable as they took the clothes we hoped to try on off our hands as we waited.I do hope to see this boutique expand in their clothes, staff and location (but in Downtown).
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,5/18/2014,271,401,8,14,9>I'll admit, at first I was skeptical about doing this at first, but looking back... I'm glad I took that opportunity! Before this, the last time I rode a bike, must be back in elementary school, so it has been a while.Their location is right next to Manifest, and if you didn't know the owner(s) own them both! The location is still new, yet they've already had 40+ tours.At first, we were supposed to be with another pair, but they didn't show up.We had to sign waiver forms, got measurements (adjusting the bike to each individual) before we got on our bikes, and helmets! Can't ride a bike without one. (instagram.com/p/flopRTnt…) These bikes were from the bike factory, and its hand breaks, no back peddling. Which took me a while to get used to.Already having the impression of being on the streets with buses and cars. I didn't enjoy that thought but it wasn't as bad as I had imagined. Brandon explained the different signals he was going to use with us and the gears on the bike. That took me a while to understand, but I got it.After taking a photo in front of the shop, we started our journey. From the sidewalk to the streets, alarms are going off in my head. Thankfully it wasn't so bad. Drivers weren't too bad to deal with and we hit our first stop. His stops are also opportunities for photo ops, along with stories and information.We didn't really go on any of the tour divisions provided on their website, but we did stop at: Aloha Tower, Kakaako Waterfront, art district (instagram.com/p/fl-KNDw2… courtesy of Brandon), Honolulu Hale, and around the State Capital area. Riding the bikes through these areas, gave a different perspective.If you forget water, he get one small cooler, cold. And each bike does have a basket, so if you'd like, you can take your items along, or leave it at their shop where it will be locked up.I'll be glad to say, no accidents happened. We were on a time crunch and made it back in time. (One hour)There is a parking lot at the back of the block.You think you'd be scared since there's cars and buses sharing the same road, but the only time that a vehicle got really close. A cop car. CROSSING over the yellow line as we headed back to the stop.Attire for this excursion... well I wore a shirt, shorts and shoes. I think it was a bad idea to wear black with the sun out. I got a shorts tan, so if you want to tan or not, pick your coverage. I highly recommend shoes, never know if something might happen on the road and someone loses a slipper.And of course thank you Brandon for taking us on tour! It was also nice to meet your wife and fur babies. So cute!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,5/17/2014,483,289,11,16,15>I will admit that when I first saw the sign for this new spot when I drove by I thought it said "Dragon".  Close, but wrong.  Then when I passed by again and decided to take a better look, I realized there was no "r" in there, and it was a Burmese restaurant.  Fantastic!OH YEAH!!+ Something different+ Fresh unique salads+ Friendly service+ BYOB!OH NO!!- Limited parkingOH MY?!~Some interesting art on the walls  I've never had Burmese food before, and frankly, had no idea what kind of food Burmese food was.  I assumed it would be similar to Thai food since Thailand is next to Myanmar.  I have since dined at Dagon a couple of times, and have found that I wasn't totally wrong.During my visits the service was extremely friendly, and helpful.  There were a couple of minor hiccups in service, but I'm chalking that up to it being a new operation.  The food tasted like mix somewhere between Thai and Indian food.  Lots of curry-like dishes, and even some biryani, and platha/roti bread.  A lot of the dishes are pretty saucy, so you'll want to make sure you have enough biryani, or platha to help soak up all that saucy goodness.Some of the dishes that I got to try included:TEA LEAF SALAD - Their most popular salad, made of a young tea leaf paste, fried garlic, beans, peanuts, yellow split peas, sesame seeds, sunflower seeds, lettuce, tomatoes and dried shrimp.RAINBOW SALAD - Made from three different types of noodles, fried tofu, sliced onions, cucumbers, fried garlic, cilantro, dried shrimp, green papaya, seaweed, and a tamarind dressing.PLATHA - Multi-layered buttery flat bread, think roti, served up with a small cup of curry.PUMPKIN PORK STEW - Slow cooked pork stew with locally grown pumpkin, onions, garlic ginger, and Burmese spices.GARLIC NOODLE - Noodles with crisp garlic, green onions, scallions tossed in a special house sauce.  Served with chicken, pork, or tofu.The food is served family style, so it would be ideal to bring at least a couple others with you, so you can try a variety of different dishes.  Most dishes range from as low as $6 for some appetizers, and up to around $15 for some main dishes.There are a few parking stalls behind the restaurant, but it's pretty tight and can get filled up quickly.  There is also metered street parking on King Street (usually free in the evening and weekends).  If all those parking options are already taken, then good luck on your street parking hunt.One other important thing to know about Dagon.  It's BYOB!!!  So grab a couple of friends, and a couple bottles of wine and head down there to check it out!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,5/16/2014,362,136,9,9,11>I keep postponing my review for island club and Spa because I want to make sure that my feelings about this place would not change. After using their facility for quite a while now,I think it's safe to say that I absolutely love this place. for the longest time I've been just working out on at home, in my little gym corner, I sometimes move my elliptical infront of the t.v expecting that I'd do more of that while watching but I'd always end up on the couch for the most part of my workout.so part of my resolution this year is to actually get my butt to the gym,but finding the right one is hard specially when you have insane expectations like me, call me spoiled or what but these are my criterias for My perfect gym.In my perfect world my gym would be this:1. Must be clean~ I don't know if that's too much to expect for a gym to be clean but that's really one of the biggest reason why I refuse to get a gym membership, maybe I'm a germaphobe or something but I just feel like it has to be clean.2. Not crowded~ I guess I'm claustrophobia too lol, but In my head if there is a gym that's not crowded then oh my gosh I'd sign myself in. I also kinda didn't want to deal with over achievers that like to take their cherry time using a particular equipment.3. It has to be not just a place to build your body but can also provide A place where I can really release my stress and unwind- gotta have at least a Jacuzzi and sauna.those are my three deciding factors, and I have a friend tell me, gosh pie! well you're not in a perfect world gyms are always crowded, and therefore would always end up not so clean,BUT!! after seeing island club and spa HAH! I have proven him WRONG! my dream gym actually exist! This club is crazy clean they have sanitations wipes on every corner, they offer clean towels all the time and water station on every corner as well. The staff is always nice and available, the guy that helped me and gave me a tour is Tony, he told me that they max 1500 members in the club which is great for me. I also love that they have kissaten as their little cafe deli. Every third Wednesday of the month they have a small event for all the club members as token of appreciation.My absolute fave is the locker room where the spa is located, haven't gotten a spa session yet when I do, I'd add that review here but so far the locker room is my favorite, it's so clean that's where you'll find the jacuzzi and sauna, for the ladies they have a make up room with blow dryer, hair gel, body lotion already included and free to use. There's a small lobby with comfortable couches in the middle of the locker with tv and computer use. My gosh it's like being in a 5  star hotel bathroom in Vegas.The Shower room provides shampoo, conditioner and body soap also shaving foam, razor and Fresh warm towels so you don't really need to bring those things that would only make your gym bag heavy. You can also rent a locker so you can leave your things there or use the free digital padlock lockers. What else do they offer: Yoga classPilates classZumba classTrainersFull body spaFacialOh parking is at the bottom or you do valet just make sure to tip. Overall love this place, yes it's on the pricey side but to me it's caters to all my need to stay happy and healthy so 5 starts to Island club and spa.Overall love island clubs and spa gahh!! to be continued....
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,5/15/2014,380,335,5,14,6>Best soondubu (tofu soup) I've had in Hawaii.This restaurant is TINY. Also parking is scarce but since I had to go to Walmart I just parked at Walmart. I got the original soondubu with beef and the combo with the seafood pancake. It comes with banchan which was tasty yet pretty standard for Korean banchan.  The seafood pancake came out first and was SUPER thick and dense. I'm used to thinner pancakes I guess, but it was tasty. It was just a little undercooked and still had wet batter though so I would've appreciated if it were a TAD thinner.Soondubu is one of my favorite comfort foods when I'm feeling blah/sick/hungover/famished. Seeing the bubbling pot of tofu, spices and meat makes me drool. It's on the spicier side but provides the kick you typically find in Korean cooking. Crack an egg in there and you'll be in heaven! I've eaten soondubu many a time in LA's Koreatown, and So Gong Dong's soondubu is comparable to that of the huge chain BCD Tofu House. Only thing is that it's a little pricey. The combo was $14.75 which is NOT cheap but I guess here in Hawaii you have to add on the price of living in paradise which you do with everything else (am I right??). Additionally, I was able to squeeze this into two meals so I guess it's technically like I'm paying ~$7.50 per meal which I can handle. You can order soondubu ala carte starting at $8.50.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,5/14/2014,392,296,16,17,14>When I landed in Japan, the first thing I wanted to eat was ramen.  Luckily I found this place straight away.  The savory miso broth was adorned with pork "cheek meat" was..."BLINK"...**Head Shake**....Ok, then I got up at Hokkaido Ramen Santouka.Seriously tho, the last time I ate ramen this good was in Japan.  I have consumed many a ramen and this one is on the TOP of the list.  I don't know how else to explain it so I will bust a rap for you right now about it.  Ok, I will save the rap for later...here is the Down Low...-Savory Broth (did I say that already)-Fresh bamboo and garnishes-Noodles had to be hand made and cooked perfectly (yeah, you all know what I mean)-Cheek meat was like buttery pork (you get the picture, but if you don't, look at my pics)My family had the shio and shoyu ramen and they both loved it just as much as I did.The service was grand and the decor (see pics) was very modern too.  The a/c was cool so you can eat ramen year round.  I didn't see a bathroom so I can only assume you would have to use it somewhere within the building (same building as don quioxte).  The parking is plentiful out front.  The only thing was that water was not filled in a timely manner.  They were HECKA busy (30 min wait) but I was surprised that this was not taken care of.The cost was moderate to high, about 10 bucks for a regular ramen and a few dollars more to add the cheek meat.  There was other things on the menu that I am going to have to try next time for sure.  The bowl looked small but it did have a lot of noodles in it.  I would say, if you want a 8 dollar bowl of ramen somewhere else that is not even half as good, go for it, but if you really want the taste of good ramen, you gotta put this in your grill.I would say that I would like to mention the words "cheek meat" 10 more times cause it is just funny and delicious at the same time but I will stop now and say.  Go get you some cheek meat at Santouka.  (yeah, I went there)
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,5/13/2014,78,98,8,12,9>I love coming here for their Kotteri noodles.  It is an acquired taste, so you will either love it or not.The broth is very thick and full of chicken bone marrow.  It suppose to have a lot of collagen to help with your skin complexion.  I am not sure if it did helped my skin, but I know fore sure it did not help with my waistline... That broth is so delicious that I could really eat 2 bowls of it!!I am not sensitive to food texture, so why others may be taken aback at first tasting it, it is because the broth is REALLY THICK and not as smooth, sort of powdery, but not a powdery finish..??  Is hard to describe, but I think is because of the bone marrow.  But if you get past the texture, then you can really taste and feel the richness and the work in making it.  The menu also stated that the ingredients are flown from Japan so it will be as close as eating at one of those small Japanese ramen eateries.Parking is located behind the building, but it can get full, and the restaurant is always busy, expect a wait time.  Although, they specialize in the Kotteri, they have other noodles that do not have a thick broth texture and are as yummy.  The reason why I keep coming back and only order the Kotteri, is because I am just a sucker for food labels that tells you that eating this is good for you!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,5/12/2014,111,225,8,14,12>This was the site of me and the Bf's first valentine day, so maybe I'm already biased. Full disclosure right? But I did want to try the place again anyways, because 1. Jon Matsubara (formerly of Stage and Azure) has moved here now and just does amazing magic with seafood.2. Kama'aina special? What? Cheap deal? I'm there! You can make a reservation on Open table and get points. This kama'aina deal - for $49 you get a four course meal including a glass of red or white wine. I absolutely love tasting menus because sometimes, you give a girl choices and it just is an indecision nightmare. With the tasting menu all I had to do was choose between steak or fish... FISH PLEASE!1st: CHILLED HAMACHI AND IKURAChilled making all the difference. Fresh with multiple bubbles (ikura) bursting in my mouth. Fun.2nd: OCEAN CAPPUCINOLike a lobster bisque, included substantial pieces of lobster, alaskan crab and prawns. Not too hot, not too cold, golden like goldilock soup. The kaffir and lemongrass set it apart from just being any old buttery, creamy soup.3rd: BLACK MAGIC SPICED ISLAND FISH SELECTION (i told you the chef does magic with seafood!)Ewa corn (probably from Aloun Farms?), tomatoes, and croutons made up the side of panzanella. The white vinaigrette with sesame was a nice complement to the mahimahi that was crusted with some kinda rub that gave it a kick. 4th: WAIALUA ESTATE FLOURLESS CHOCOLATE CAKE with gelatoI didn't want to share. Nuff said! So if you are looking for a classy restaurant and experience, and you want some GOOD sashimi in Waikiki, come here. Everything I had was consistently high quality, excellent, and it just went down well. Not too rich. Portions were just right, too much leaves a girl with too much in her stomach and leaving with uncomfortable-ness. They have private rooms for bigger groups, tables for lovers, and a lounge for dates and getting to know you types too.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,5/11/2014,1750,731,14,30,23>MOROCCAN / LEBANESE CUISINEKan Zaman offers exciting and exotic Moroccan and Lebanese dishes at affordable prices. If you enjoy Middle Eastern food and exotic spices, this place is def worth a try. The flavors and spices work together harmoniously. It's quite spectacular.Warak Inab ($6.95) yelp.com/biz_photos/kan-…Grape leaves stuffed with rice, mint, lemon & garlic vinaigrette.I haven't had anything quite like this before, but I loved it. I wasn't expecting it to be served cold, but it was tasty and refreshing. Baba Ghanoush yelp.com/biz_photos/kan-… It looks like hummus, but it is so NOT the same thing. Baba Ghanoush is made with roasted eggplant that is mashed and blended with olive oil, tahini, and other various seasonings and spices. It has a much more distinct and smoky flavor and is served with warm pita. yelp.com/biz_photos/kan-…A great starter.         Lamb Tajine ($18.95) yelp.com/biz_photos/kan-…Braised lamb shank with preserved lemon, saffron, white beans & herbs.If I had to choose a favorite dish from the entire meal, I think it would be the Lamb Tajine. For one, I love lamb. But aside from that, it was juicy, tender, and poppin' with flavor. And the beans were scrumptious. With a bit of the house hot sauce, Harissa, I was in Euphoria.Like, close the eyes and errythang. Chicken Taouk ($15.95) yelp.com/biz_photos/kan-…Grilled chicken brochette, served with rice, tabouleh, hummus & pita.I prefer red meats over chicken, but this chicken was stellar. The combination of spices were somewhat magical and made chicken much more appealing to me. The tabouleh (fresh parsley, tomatoes, onions, olive oil, lemon dressing) was refreshing and tasty! Actually, this whole dish was freakin' delish - even down to the rice!Harissa ($0.99) yelp.com/biz_photos/kan-…Moroccan cooking incorporates lots of different flavorful spices, but not the kind that provides that extra punch of heat. Harissa, their house-made hot chili sauce, is available for those who need / enjoy / love that tongue-sational fire.It's not incredibly hot or anything, but it does the job. I'd actually purchase bottles of their Harissa if they decided to sell it. It's much better than the usual sriracha / garlic chili sauce I buy from the store.Iced Moroccan Mint Tea ($3)Refreshing!Baklava ($3.50) yelp.com/biz_photos/kan-…This baklava was different from other ones I've tried. I liked this one particularly because it wasn't overly sweet and it was light. A little crumbly, but whatevs. It was still a nice way to end a fulfilling meal.AMBIANCE / SEATINGI love the Middle Eastern decor. It's somewhat modern, but also has that cute, comfy, old-timey / antique-y feel.Both indoor and outdoor seating are available. We opted for indoor seating, but the outdoor gazebo seating looked really cute. I think I may want to try sitting out there next time.RESTROOMSThe restrooms are a little creepy, but whatevs. If you gotta go, you gotta go. The restrooms are located through the hallway and around the corner to the left. It's outside, opposite to the pavilion / gazebo seating area.  The sinks are incredibly small and there's no mirrors in the bathroom area. However, there's a little lounge area just outside the bathroom with a couple mirrors and some creepy old-timey decorations.PARKINGAs far as parking goes, your guess is as good as mine. Street? Expensive municipal pay-lot? If you're lucky enough to find street parking, I'd go with that. The lots in the DT area are ridic.SERVICEExcellent. Susanna was our gracious and knowledgeable server. She was helpful and very friendly, which was super great for us Kan Zaman newbies (me and my SS). Oh, and for the things she didn't know, she found the answers for us.VERDICTIf I could give this place more stars, I would. My experience here was nothing short of excellent. I will be back for sure! #likeabossI could go on and on about this place, but really, my words don't do this place justice. Try it for yourself!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,5/10/2014,294,103,6,15,16>As a Chinese American, I grew up feasting on Chinese meals. Chinese breakfasts/brunches at dim sum places, homemade Chinese lunches, 10 or 12 course Chinese dinners.... you name it, I've probably tried it. I've also frequented many a Chinese restaurants on Oahu, from Tai Pan in Chinatown to Pah Ke's in Kaneohe. None really stand out to me since I've been to so many Chinese places over the years....However, I think Moon Garden deserves a review for being one of the more outstanding Chinese places I've visited on Oahu. Yes, it's crowded and tiny and a hole in the wall, but if the line/wait outside is any indication.... this place is worth it! Make sure to call in a reservation if you're coming with a big party or if it's during a special occasion (New Year's, Christmas, Chinese New Year, etc.). Call in take-out orders as well so you don't need to wait long.Now onto the food! Order the drunken clams. I don't know what it is about this dish, but I'm in love with it. I love the perfectly seasoned clams, drenched with that mouth-watering drunken sauce they make. The clams are then topped with a generous portion of green onions/cilantro. SO REFRESHING and SO GOOD. I also really love their seaweed tofu soup. Not sure what it's really called on the menu, but it has seaweed, tofu, pork?, and green peas. Very light but tasty soup.Hmm what else... I also really enjoy any of their tofu dishes - the deep fried tofu with shrimp and their Fukin tofu in a bamboo basket. Small place, but their food is cooked with lots of love and flavor. Yum yum yum. I really enjoy coming here for family gatherings and I look forward to even more in the future. I just read Amy G.'s review and I did NOT know they have karaoke here.... Cool!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,5/9/2014,280,265,18,14,13>How can you resist a place named: Cafe Duck Butt? I mean, come on. Plus, they sell a drink called a duck fart. If these names don't spark your interest, then you'll probably never emerge from your cave.Parking is not so good. It's kind of in the industrial part of town so street parking is pretty much non existent.  But they have valet, which is a problem once it's full.It's a popular place so you may want to call for reservations.  It's also not super big and there's not a lot of extra seats.  Their happy hour is awesome. $8 soju=a very fun night.  My favorite (yes that was me Dana T. was quoting) is the chive/green onion pancake.  So it may not exactly sound great. But imagine a light batter with slivers of chives or green onions. Lightly pan fried so it's crispy on the outside but somehow bursting with flavor (even without the sauce) on the inside. Dana T. is NOT a fan of green onions, so we ordered the chive pancake...which is pretty much the same food in my book and she LOVED IT!.  She's right. I almost ate the whole thing and so we had to order another one. And there was only four of us at the table! See you at the butt!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,5/8/2014,350,75,7,11,11>This cute little shop with the black and white checkered tiles is located at the end of Kokohead Avenue, after the Crack Seed Store and Bead It, right before you get to the light with Goodwill. Unfortunately, the parking situation isn't ideal. You have to turn into the parking lot that is metered 24 hours and you can only pay for 2 hours at a time. Bleh. Minor setback for a great experience though.Every time I come here, I go straight to Lisa. She is an amazing hair stylist and makeup artist! She has styled and dolled me up for various events, including fashion shows, Miss Vamp 2012, and even for my birthday when I wanted an amazing mohawk-inspired hair style, haha! I also recently came to her when I couldn't take having long hair any more and she gave me the cutest long bob! I told her I wanted the bottom tapered but I hated what the razor does to my ends. My hair has been through hell and back with dye jobs, and although we cut most of the damaged hair off, I didn't want my ends to look dried out. Luckily for me, she was trained in being able to do that razored look with scissors!Fun fact about Lisa- she's also a clown! Lavendar Lolly- fitting that a Lolli would meet another fun Lolly. ;) Because of her clown background she can do amazing face paint and body art. I believe she also does henna too!  Definitely a jack, er, I mean, clown of all trades?!Prices are more than reasonable and the final product is always exceptional. Be sure to make your way on down!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,5/7/2014,106,63,9,16,11>A few weekends ago the hubby and I were on a late afternoon drive up to Haleiwa when we passed Green World Farms. I happened to look over and see the word "COFFEE" splashed across one of the signs and yelled (very nicely, of course) at my startled hubby to stop and turn around. I was hungry for a latte and neither of us had heard of GWF before so we were curious to see what it was all about.As it turns out, this place is pretty neat! The large warehouse-like structure has a small espresso bar and a huge seating area. The shop also has the coolest walls--not only are they bright green, but they're covered with humorous coffee signs and posters. They have a variety of locally and not so locally made items available for purchase, such as jam, soap, mugs, post cards, etc. I'm guessing they cater mainly to a tourist audience--probably those on their way to Haleiwa or the Dole Plantation.The girl at the counter was friendly and gave us suggestions about what kind of drink to order. We both ended up with vanilla lattes--hubby got his with coconut milk, which  tasted extra yummy. We didn't try any pastry items, but it looked like they had some good options available. Also, I saw a sign for free wifi, so this could be a nice place to get some work/studying done.Glad we stopped to check it out--worth the slightly dangerous but probably not illegal (wink, wink) u-turn we made to get there.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,5/6/2014,483,369,17,18,18>I remember going to Ray's when they were on Smith St. Way back then they had a steak special which was awesome especially since I used to work 'til late evenings in Downtown, so  I used to pick up those steaks for Dinner. Fast forward, now they are in Kalihi a bit harder to get to parking is a bit of a challenge but when I drive by and when I can find parking easily hey I'm there! Breakfast is great if you want a great Lobster Omelet $12, Crab Omelet, or the standard type Omelets the first two are the top end breakfasts but there are all the standard fare too. Oh for the rest of the day Steaks, Prime Rib, the Specials oh I can go on and on! Let me just talk about the Ray's Special though which consists of a belly bursting thick homemade Hamburger smothered in gravy and Onions with a scoop of Mac Salad, two scoops Rice and Two pieces of Fried Chicken Thighs oh just writing about it makes me full and salivating like Pavlov's Dog! The hamburger Steak was just perfect not over cooked where it would be dry, the fried chicken being like I tear into Chicken thighs like if I was one of the Croods (if you saw the Movie) needless to say doh! I burn my mouth every time because it always comes out steaming hot! But oh so good!I was just there recently and since the patrons there are so friendly I met this rather large guy who works at another restaurant (Which is also one I like) eating there he had the Ham Hock with Black eye beans and I swear he couldn't finish it! He told me sheesh I couldn't make a dent in it! He got a take out container for the rest and I think the thing must have weighed five pounds after he ate! I think this is like a fine dining Steak house in a Ghetto hole in the wall setting where you don't have to dress up, pay unreal prices and get great steaks with that Mom and Pop eatery kind of atmosphere.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,5/5/2014,119,74,8,14,14>Every ramen shop has its own unique characteristic that makes it difficult to compare with the others.  Menchanko Tei's welcoming and caring staff, unique ambiance, and delicious ramen keeps me coming back to this hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  If I had to describe its ramen in one sentence, I would simply say that it is nabe broth with perfectly firm noodles.  However, that description totally undermines the greatness of Menchanko's ramen.  I like to think the chives, cabbage, tofu, aburaage, beef, bean sprouts and shrimp cooked in the broth creates a thick, flavorful broth that warms my stomach as I slurp the noodles.  I have tried the menchanko, the hot miso menchanko, the curry menchanko, and the motsu menchanko (garlic-y), and each one is highly recommended.  This place also serves dishes other than ramen.  The loin katsu is delicious but a little pricey.  If it's your first time here, I would suggest ordering the ramen and its organic custard pudding for dessert.    The decor and ambiance totally resembles a tiny ramen shop in Japan, but with one exception -- Hawaiian music.  I see Japanese waitresses speaking with patrons from Japan in a Japanese-looking restaurant, and then I hear Hawaiian music -- what??  I could've sworn I was in Japan until I heard beautiful singing with the ukulele strumming in the background.  At first I thought it was strange, but now find this mix relaxing and homely.    I ate at most of the ramen places in Hawaii and I can say that this is one of my favorites.  Definitely worth going if you're on "Koreamoku!"
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,5/4/2014,835,537,3,10,7>Yes, still our favorite Thai spot (thus far!) Yes, we're regulars. Yes, we eat here waaaaay too much. But sometimes, you just want to go somewhere and sit down and have the food prepared for you. And sometimes, it's once a week (lol!) Siam Kitchen Express is located in the Waimalu Shopping Center in Aiea. There is a lot of parking but there are also a lot of other establishments. At peak dinner times the lot is full so you may have to drive around for a bit to get a spot, but it usually doesn't take long.Simple menu with all the Thai favorites. I looooove their pad thai! I usually get it thai hot and with pork. I can't find my picture (sorry) but it's VERY VERY DELICIOUS!!!We always get the fried calamari. I'm usually not a fan of calamari but this one is very good! I like the sauce that accompanies it as well. yelp.com/user_local_phot…If I eat larb, it's always pork. And again, usually thai hot. They make it almost as good as my Mommy makes it! yelp.com/user_local_phot…Another favorite is the garlic pepper shrimp with mushrooms (#21). Yummy!!!yelp.com/user_local_phot…I always finish with a thai iced tea (for dessert). The staff is very friendly and efficient. The restaurant is clean, well ventilated, and cutely decorated.We've also tried other dishes:chicken fried rice (very good)pineapple fried rice (different but good)pad si-eiw (very good)laad nar (good)pad kee mow (good)pad woonsen (very good)panang curry (good)red curry (very good)fried chicken wings (very good)duck soup (very good)chicken satae (good)beef satae (good)No complaints here! We like em all! The only thing I didn't care for (on my first visit) is the fish patties (but again I'm biased because I will swear that my Mommy makes THE BEST fish patties on this island!) Affordable and fair portions!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,5/3/2014,354,934,8,15,15>I am such a good friend. I woke up this morning at 5:30 to pick a friend up at the airport. Where did I wait for the "I just landed" call? The Lox of Bagels parking lot of course! I got a chicken salad sandwich on an everything bagel, toasted. It was pretty delish.I liked the sweetness of the sliced grapes int he chicken salad. I am a huge fan of crunchy dill pickles and to my pleasant surprise, the sandwich came with a pickle wedge. YUM! I also liked how neatly and perfectly it was packed into the to-go box. I think next time I will suck up my aversion to eating smoked salmon in the morning (idk, I'm really weird....), and get the manhattan sandwich. or maybe just a toasted bagel with one of their home-made cream cheese spreads. If I hadn't already been to Starbucks to get coffee, I would have tried one of their flavored teas or orange juice. I guess those are something I'll have to try in the future as well. Also, their bagel puffs looked intriguing. Maybe I'll try those too next time! The young cashier was very cheerful and nice, especially considering that it was 6am and still dark outside. My sandwich was made quickly and I opted to skip out on the few tables they have inside to sit outside in my car. Overall, it was a pretty great experience. I had been here once before about 5 years ago, but I kinda forgot about it until I had to yelp places open at 6am around the airport (this place is soooo convenient! It has a much better waiting location than the moanalua shopping center Starbucks). I can't wait to pick up more friends in the weeee hours of the morning.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,5/2/2014,230,154,7,10,8>There are three dishes my Grandma makes that immediately transport me back to my childhood: spam musubi, beef curry & chicken long rice. My favorite is her chicken long rice because she rarely makes it; I use my Grandma's chicken long rice as the holy grail, I harshly judge other eateries.Shout out to Max Anton of Paradise Soccer Club for introducing me to Kealoha Hawaiian Food located next to Pali Lanes. We visited after the lunch rush & were instantly seated (love when that happens); whenever I visit a Hawaiian eatery, I always scan their menu to see if they offer Chicken Long Rice, if this dish isn't offered I almost want to leave.Thank goodness Kealoha Hawaiian Food offers chicken long rice on their menu because my taste buds & stomach were in Hawaiian food heaven. It's been awhile since I thoroughly enjoyed my meal & have daydreams about what I ate (I'm drooling as I write this review); customers will appreciate the friendly customer service & authentic Hawaiian food, I'm planning to stop by whenever my chicken long rice craving strikes. If you're in the mood for satisfying Hawaiian food & happen to be on the windward side of the island, stop by Kealoha Hawaiian Food. Be sure to sample their flavorful Kalua pig, mouth-watering Lomi Salmon & on point Chicken Long Rice (just as good as my Grandma's recipe). *Live music entertains diners Wednesdays & Saturday nights, as well as First Fridays.*
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,5/1/2014,45,91,6,20,6>This is one of those reviews that I don't want to give five stars because I don't want it get too crowded!  ;-)But Jordan totally deserves five stars for creating such a wonderful yoga experience. The studio is a little hidden - there's a sign out front, but I didn't see any directions pointing up to the 2nd floor studio. I found it without too much trouble though. It's located right across from UFC gym and there's plenty of free street parking on Cooke St. (I've gone to the 6:15pm class on Wednesdays and you only have to pay the meters until 6pm). The studio is very simple, small, and clean. The bathrooms are just down the hall and also clean. The temperature of the room and music level is just right.Jordan is super nice. When you arrive, he greets you, checks you in, assigns you to a hammock, and adjusts it to the proper height for you. He is encouraging, but not too pushy. I think he does a wonderful job at getting everyone to try the trickier moves (like hanging upside-down and doing flips) without making them feel bad if they're having a hard time. I hadn't done yoga in years, but it didn't matter. The first time I got in the hammock and it surrounded me (I think it was called the "cocoon" pose) I had the biggest, goofiest smile on my face (I was glad no one could see!). So fun! Not all of the poses are easy, but it's a good mix of challenging and relaxing. You leave feeling really, really good. Is it possible to feel energized and relaxed at the same time? That's how I feel afterwards... My only complaint is the limited class times. I wish there was a beginner's class on the weekend, but it's still worthwhile to try and make it on a Wednesday night.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,4/30/2014,136,174,8,17,13>ONLY ACCEPTS CASH!Best place to get your Hawaiian plate on the island, beats Like Like Drive Inn and few other places! I love their laulau, its fresh and not salty. You actually taste the leaves! Also when they serve you lomi lomi salmon its not in a small cup its in a pretty decent sized bowl, which is awesome! Between me & the hubs we ordered. Menu C.  Kalua Pig, Lomi Salmon and Pipikaula Short Ribs with 2 coops rice $14.45 with a side of Laulau and beef stew! Everything was broke da mouth. After drinks and extra rice our bill came out to $30, which is great because my hubby is one big guy and im preggers..so we can eat! hahaService: Ladies were polite and fast, in and out in less than 30 mins!Parking: Small, you'll have to circle the block or park in the streets or just wait. you have been warned!Our only complaint is there wasn't enough rice for all the good food!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,4/29/2014,101,89,8,14,14>My friend who knows what a scallop lover I am, recommended Akasaka to me a long time ago.  She said I HAVE to try their Butter Yaki Scallops.  My Hubby's family wanted us to pick a place to eat to celebrate my birthday.  Hubby and I are major food nerds and love to try out places we haven't eaten before.  I remembered my friend's suggestion, and looked them up on Yelp.  Now that Hubby and I have become more active with Yelp, we are constantly looking up reviews and photos for different restaurants.  They seemed to have a lot of rave reviews of their butter yaki scallops, so I was game!Hubby reserved a private tatami room in the back since there were 7 of us.  Everyone loved their food, especially me (BUTTER YAKI SCALLOPS ARE AMAZING!).  Only problem we had was my brother in law's sushi that he ordered was forgotten about and he didn't receive his food until we were all 3/4 done with our food.  The lady helping us who I think was the Manager was very apologetic and even gave him a $5 coupon/certificate to use towards a future bill.  The location is not a very desirable one.  It's surrounded by strip clubs and bars, so I personally wouldn't want to go at night unless my Hubby or other male friends/family members were with me.  The parking area also reeked of urine...but I have the nose of a blood hound, so maybe it's not as offensive to others.Prices are pretty reasonable, the servers were friendly and I definitely want to return soon for more butter yaki scallops!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,4/28/2014,153,70,11,13,12>I have to thank a friend of mine for telling me about this place. She comes here every saturday with her family for dim sum. So when I was looking for ham Sui gok she mentioned to come here. So glad I did!!! I've been wanting this fried mochi dumpling for quite some time now and I'm always scared of trying new things at new places in fear that it'll taste different. I always used to get it at u-choice inn in town, but the past couple times I went they were out. I mentioned it to my mom and luckily for me my mom loves dim sum also. So off on a Sunday we went! Yahoo! This is the first time we actually sat down and ordered dim sum. It was great! It was busy but I don't mind busy... Busy usually means good in my book. We had a few dishes:Mochi Puff - exactly what I was looking for! It was tasty.Mochi rice - never had this before, but boy have I been missing out. This was delicious! I already declared this dish a must whenever I come here.Deep fried garlic eggplant- shut the front door! This was ammmmmaaazebbaaalllls!!!! This is another must. I wish I ordered some for home.And then the normal: pork hash, Manapua, and half moon... These were all good, I dont eat shrimp so I didn't eat the pork hash, BUT my son gobbled it up when I brought the left overs home. So it must've been good. And the Manapua was good, I'm really picky when it comes to Manapua, I'm usually a pink box eater. I don't think I'll order it next time, but it wasn't bad... It's just that I'm picky when it comes to Manapua. No big deal. Price was pretty decent too. We spent $22 for the 2 of us.  Definitely will be returning.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,4/27/2014,339,137,22,32,27>The only thing not homemade here are the Jarritos! I love a food truck (or any food establishment) that makes everything from scratch and sources as locally as possible. The horchata, the tortillas, the meat, the guacamole, the salsa, the chips, the rice, etc. are all freshly made and fantastico! I ordered the grilled chicken burrito minus the sour cream and cheese. Now you're probably thinking, "WHY THE HECK WOULD YOU DO THAT?", and I have an answer for you. Firstly, Latin American food is generally pretty fattening and I truly love it, however I also love not getting fatter than I already am. Secondly, you can genuinely taste the quality of the main ingredients with all the dairy products omitted and let me tell you, Surfin' Salsa's ingredients son la flor y nata de ingredientes.*  Besides chicken (grilled or pulled) you can also choose steak, pork pibil (A.K.A. cochinita pibil which originates from a traditional Mayan dish and is delicioso!), or none if you're going vegetarian. As I sat down to wait for my soon-to-be-inhaled-burrito to arrive one of the owners brought out a basket of tortilla chips and salsa (that I had just seen him make in a blender, that's how fresh it was!) and I quickly told him I wanted my food to go and he said, "It's for while you wait." Then he turned on some Spanish music. OMG, I love that kind of service. The salsa was perfect in my opinion. Not too spicy, not too bland. Be sure to have a napkin because it will make your nose run a little. Once I had my burrito in hand I quickly rushed back to work and had my way with it. That's right. I ate that sucker in under 3 minutes and it was huge. Now, I know what you're thinking. Get your mind out of the gutter! This is a PG rated review! But that burrito was orgasmically good even WITHOUT the cheese and sour cream. I can't wait to go on a Saturday morning to try their special menu items which includes Tamal Columbiano and Shrimp Ceviche. *son la flor y nata de ingredientes = are the crème de la crème = are the very best ingredients
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,4/26/2014,161,142,9,13,12>Almost a year later after their previous location closed, our meat jun cravings have FINALLY been satisfied. The meat jun Gods have answered our prayers. *Amen* We were beyond thrilled when we found out that our most favorite meat jun restaurant reopened and only a few blocks away. The owners didn't intend on reopening, but after semi-retiring for 6 months, they got bored and wanted to open a smaller location. Thank goodness for boredom!Their meat jun is our family's favorite. You can't go wrong with a ginormous serving of meat breaded ever so beautifully and light. Outstanding flavor and the most ridiculously delish meat jun sauce. The perfect marriage of meat and dipping sauce. The plate size is larger than a basketball which majority of it is meat jun taking over the plate..no joke and only $10.90. Soooo good! Share if you dare. There's a small parking lot in back, street parking in front or if that's all taken, park at Ross across the street for a fast one.Welcome back Kimchee III ~ we missed you! Our bellies did too!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,4/25/2014,221,118,8,11,12>I've been here a few times now and wanted to wait to write a review because every time I've been here it\s been a different experience, both good and bad. Lets lay the facts down first. The inside is really nice - fully loaded bar right when you walk in with seats at the counter, along the walls and downstairs. Flat screen TVs everywhere. The sizes of the TVs differ too, so take a seat near the TV of your choice. The seats up stairs are all black leather booths and  down stars are all black leather Vegas style like one man sofa chairs. There are autographed sports memorabilia all over the walls of the bar (they are all for sale too) which makes for a nice sports vibe. If the inside is full, they also have an area outside near the pool with two flat screens and lounge chairs and sofas.They have all the drinks that you can think of and a bar menu as well. The food is NOT their specialty -- you are forewarned!! The nachos are huge, but the toppings are skimpy. The pizzas are hard and the toppings are skimpy on this as well. I must say that the "Zukes" or the fried zucchini were not bad. The service is always a hit or miss. We've been served by some great servers before while some others wouldn't even come to our table. All in all, if you are looking for a CLEAN bar to watch a sports game -- come to Rivals. But make sure you eat before you go LOL!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/24/2014,152,116,9,14,11>Japanese Ramen Kai Hokkaido Shoyu Ramen:Price$9 (worth $900 IMHO)BrothDeep, rich, and hearty. Viscosity is semi-thin with a GREAT slick of fat floating the surface. "Meaty" would also be a great way to describe its flavor profile. Sugoi! NoodlesProvided by Sun Noodle Factory, they're on the thick and round side, profile-wise. It definitely has the signature Kansui flavor and texture, being "eggy" and glutenous. Silky would be another good way to describe these ramen noodles, while also being deeply permeated with the Shoyu Ramen Broth. ChashuSomeone please slap my  @ss, as I went into a trance upon every bite of this Shoyu Ramen Chashu's goodness. Oh. My. Goodness, is this AWESOME! Immediate words that come to mind besides flavorful and tender would be  buttery and orgasmic. Pork really just doesn't get better than this. Well, OK, nothing can touch bacon and Big Island style smoke meat, but this is a contender to top their crown. Seriously! MenmaLike the Chashu, again, it doesn't get any better than this, and they give just enough to balance the experience. Because you know, eating great Japanese Ramen is an experience, and Ramen Kai's Shoyu Ramen delivers! Their menma is well marinated with an ever-so-slight sweetness (from Mirin I take it), having that added "eggy" flavor profile, with a great silky, yet fibrous finish to its texture. Lovely! KonbuDo I have any stuck in my teeth? If so, please tell me. lol No but seriously, a great finishing, rounding out the overall "earthy" tones. OtherAmbiance is great, being clean, hip and modern, yet casual. Service is EXCELLENT. My order arrived very quickly and overall just really great folks from Japan who speak enough English that you can order confidently. VerdictNom nom nom da*(&)*)^*^&&%^*&^3#@@!_(?::^^% ... So effing ono!!!!!Seriously, as far as I'm concerned, coming from someone who's tasted Tokyo's BEST Shoyu Ramen, the north of Japan rolls into town with Japanese Ramen Kai's Hokkaido Shoyu Ramen is in it to win it for best Shoyu Ramen in Honolulu. Oishii-yo!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,4/23/2014,135,226,12,9,8>Love it! Wait times are long, parking sucks, but food is worth the wait. It's upscale local fare, from oxtail soup to lilikoi ribs. This location is bigger, cleaner, brighter, and newer than the original. Easily fits large groups.FOOD:Boneless kalbi is so good!Pork chops are delicious! Juicy and perfectly cooked.Kimchee fried rice is really good, they use char siu as the meat.The works fried rice is also good, it's the kimchee fried rice on steroids. I'm pretty sure they stuff about a dozen different kinds of meat in there, including tons of lup cheong (Chinese sweet sausage)! They're poke and sashimi is also great, really fresh. Tofu salad is also delicious!Misoyaki chicken is not bad, nor is their katsu or yakisoba, but I don't come here for those.The one thing that's a must order (besides the kalbi) is, believe it or not, the gizzards. This is what separates the men from the boys; the women from the girls. I had never in my life tried gizzards before; I'm typically not a fan of organs, but I'm willing to try things at least once.  An adventurous friend suggested it (he once wanted to have a party centered around edible insects and I agreed to it), and I've never looked back.  They're deep fried ala popcorn chicken, and served with a seasoned salt and something like a cocktail sauce.  The texture is a touch chewy, honestly a bit crunchy, but they are so addicting. Once you pop, you can't stop!Seriously you find out who your true friends are, your kindred spirits, by who will back you up when you say "how bout dem gizzards??" And trust me, I've never lost a friend by suggesting it, only gained new ones!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,4/22/2014,374,151,13,17,21>I LOVE La Tour Cafe! I had to finally try this place after seeing SO many of my fellow Yelpers check into this place all the damn time. After my first meal there, I've been back twice already!The atmosphere is very cool. It's a perfect lunch date kinda place to me. The lighting is nice, not too light and not too dark, and there are plenty of tables. Sometimes it gets pretty busy, but I've never had trouble finding a seat, only the parking situation poses a problem during busier times. You order and pay at the register and then you are given a number to put on your table. I've never waited very long for my food, and it's always been fresh and hot. I've gotten the veggie flatbread pizza and the veggie panini so far. As far as vegetarian options go, there are only a few and those are delicious options for fellow vegetarians.  I prefer the panini, but the pizza is a great size for the price. The prices are a little on the higher side but I think it's because the ingredients are of great quality and prepared better. An entree with a drink comes to about $12-15 for one person if I remember correctly. I love the panini that comes with salad but sometimes if I'm hungrier than that I splurge and get the mac n' cheese which is super yummy. I recommend you splurge too. The cheesiness is off the charts..ooey gooey deliciousness. I feel bad for anyone who's lactose intolerant. My only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because I want a bigger menu!!! I love the food but there's only so many choices. I'm hungry for more!!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,4/21/2014,410,147,13,19,16>Lately I've been noticing a large influx of new ramen restaurants. Out of all the ramen places I've tried thus far, I have to admit that I love Lucky Belly and it definitely gets two chopsticks up!Okay, when most local people think about going out to eat ramen, I would say most of them would never think about going to China town to do so. But the thing is, China town is getting pretty revamped. With all the new restaurants starting to pop up in China town, I'm actually quite impressed. It's like a diamond in the rough; you wouldn't think such wonderful eateries could exist in an area that has had such negative stereotypes. Now I've been here both at lunch and dinner and I have to say I really enjoy the later. Going out to lunch on a workday is risky enough without waiting an half an hour to be seated (which is entirely likely here). But luckily as work dwindles down and people head home, it's much easier to get seated, plus you can make reservations. Oh and weekends are even better since hardly anyone is working downtown. The soup broth here was spectacular!Ramen is one of the most holistic noodle soups, so the broth alone cannot make the bowl. Luckily all ramen bowls are served with bean sprouts, wakame, sesame seeds, green onion, ginger, and a soft steamed egg which oozes out that delicious creamy yolk. Now my favorite is the beast bowl $14 yelp.com/user_local_phot… which comes full of tasty brisket, short ribs, and ox tail won tons! But the Lucky Bowl is pretty good too. These are easily up to par with other ramen rivals, but Lucky Belly does not only stand tall in that dynamo soup broth, but the beautiful composition of the broth melding with the indescribable medley of animal flavors creates that savory flavor! Plus it's rich and hearty and doesn't seem as dense and oily as other popular ramen spots. Aside from the ramen, Lucky Belly is a wonderful after work spot to grab a few drinks and lounge around until the traffic dies down. Plus their appetizers are pretty darn good. If you love lamb, and love lumpia, then you better get their lamb lumpia yelp.com/user_local_phot…. The consistency was perfect! Light and crispy on the outside with that soft tender lamb on the inside which was served piping hot!Now even though China town is improving food-wise, parking is still the same - very awful. You'd be lucky to find street parking, but if you do, just be prepared. These parking meters take credit cards! So much for that loose pocket change. But bear with the parking because it's worth it!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,4/20/2014,29,46,9,18,12>Every single year, I suffer and sweat my way through the hot summer while keeping my hair long. And every year, I lose patience around October and chop it to shoulder length. I inevitably get sick of it and grow it out again, determined to grow it out even longer than the year before. It is an endless cycle.This year, I decided to cut it a little bit shorter (why not? It'll grow back), and I am SO happy that my Yelp salon-hunting led me to stumble across the Winam Hair Studio.First of all, their online scheduling system is easy, convenient, and absolutely fantastic. Their prices are also shockingly reasonable. Haircuts for $35?More importantly, though, my experience with Winam was easily the best that I have encountered in any salon. Hillary is welcoming, sassy, funny, and gregarious, and her assistant is also lovely. While we waited a couple of minutes, we were offered a selection of drinks- fresh espresso, mango iced tea, etc. This is certainly not something that is necessary or expected for them to offer, but it is SUCH a nice touch. My wonderful, patient boyfriend had opted to accompany me on my haircut adventure, and Hillary was quick to see his fancy-schmancy camera and point out some of the awesome (and self-created) artwork that he might be able to get good shots of. Moving on to the haircut: Hillary asked me questions about my lifestyle and what I had in mind, and she snipped while tousling away at my hair to figure out what she was working with. As infuriated as I had been with my unruly long hair, I was on a mission of vengeance and I wanted it CUT OFF. Hillary's cut is the shortest that I have had my hair since I was around 7, and I absolutely love it. My hair is typically difficult to manage, but the choppy, subtly angled cut that she gave me forces it to behave itself with minimal effort on my part. It is semi-permanent bed-head, but not in the lumpy way. It has lift and body, and it looks better tousled around than it does fresh from the hairbrush. I could not be happier with it.I have absolutely no complaints, qualms, or "if-only"s regarding Winam Hair Studio.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,4/19/2014,114,86,6,15,11>Many years ago (when Chili's and Mexico was my go to spots for fajitas) I dined here. I ordered their fajitas with corn tortillas and had a hard time consuming it. It tasted horrible compared to what I was used to. It was only recently I discovered it was the corn tortillas that I didn't care much for, it was too starchy for me. About a month ago I heard an El Mariachi opened up in Kapolei. My first thought was: A Mexican restaurant opening a second location is kind of rare here on the island, so it's gotta be decent, right? Well after my recent trips back here I can gladly say they are more than just decent. I prefer their shredded chicken over their carne asada, the carne asada is a bit on the salty side and a little tough to chew (taking into consideration I'm feeding my grandma this as well). All plates come with Spanish rice, and refried beans. Depending on what you order and the quantity, average cost per plate is $11. If you're not too hungry order an option of one if it's available (like the chile relleno), or their quesadilla plate since both aren't generous portions. Their quesadilla is about half the size of what you'd expect from other Mexican restaurants. Now if you're starving your best option is to order one of their burritos. The portion is huge! Chips and salsa is served if you're dining in, but a second round will cost you. They don't offer chips and salsa for take out orders (not sure why I mention this since I haven't found a restaurant that does). It's a small hole in the wall restaurant with about (13) tables to seat (4) each. There isn't a restroom in here, but they do have one for you to use (I've never had to use it), a restroom key is needed and you'll need to walk out of the restaurant and up to the second level. Mexican music is played on a speaker and there is no bar or alcoholic beverages served here, that's fine though since I love drinking their horchatas. Location is hidden. They are housed across from Young's Kalbee and Palazzo side. If you enter from Kauhale street make your first left into the parking lot in the one way entrance. Keep driving in and it will be the first spot after the price buster building to your right.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,4/18/2014,308,104,15,19,17>J's BBQ is one of the few businesses in Kakaako that has survived the revamping of the Kakaako Redevelopment program.  About 15yrs ago, I worked across the street at Restaurant Row. Funny as it may seem, there would be numerous times, we'd walk all the way to J's for lunch. (Eventhough there were tons of restaurants at restaurant row) This place is considered a mom and pop shop but J and his wife (I'm assuming) looks way too young to be called mom and pop so lets just say "uncle and aunty" shop. There are approximately 4 parking stalls. Be careful not to use the other businesses stalls unless you want to get yelled at or given a "stink eye" to. Ha! Just park on the street (metered).Okay so, the breakfast here is pretty simple.  Rice, eggs, variety of breakfast meats, pancakes, french toast, and their famous "mystery meat" fried rice. I say that because I try to decipher what kind of meat is in it. If I had to guess, I would say there's bits of char siu, BBQ chicken, and ground beef. But ah, what do I know?! All I know is that it tastes really yummy! Their lunch is also the bomb! The meat juhn is one of my favorites. Not too oily and cooked perfectly. Other favorites of mine include BBQ chicken plate, J's BBQ sandwich, mandoo, and spicy pork. The prices are below $10 and the portions are a good size. Love the food here. My hope is that the development of Kaka'ako will not force J's to close down like it did with other mom and pop restaurants. We need to keep the mystery meat fried rice alive! =o)
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,4/17/2014,529,212,7,17,14>Stopped by here for Thursday Night Football and to scope this place as a future watering hole.  Not good for watching sports unless you sit at the bar.  The bar area has large tvs, but if you are sitting in the booths, you are hard pressed to get a good view at a tv, and if you do, the tv will be quite small. (sorry for the long sentence =P).  Need more and larger TVs to be an adequate sports watching venue.  Hush is not up for consideration for MNF.But Hush isn't billed as a sports bar, it is more a vape bar.  I'm not a smoker so can't really comment, but it appears to be fully stocked to service vape customers.  Overall, very good customer service by the staff.  On this Thursday, we received great service from bartender Frank.  On a separate occasion, my funky bunch and I crooned in their karaoke room, and again, excellent customer service from the servers.At the old Queen Bee location, parking can be a pain especially if you have to hunt for street parking in the kakaako neighborhoods...  But imo, the parking is not a deal breaker.The food menu is somewhat limited.  During the game, I was lucky that it was their happy hour.  Cheaply priced, the happy hour portions were a good value.  The food is a hit/miss depending on what you order: the fries were fresh & crispy while I thought their nachos needed salsa sauce (pass on their nachos if you are hard to please...).Overall, Hush is great for vaping, service is excellent, and food can be good...  There is potential for Hush.  3.5 stars, rounding up to 4.  When will I come back here again?  Going to give Hush a few months to develop & mature.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,4/16/2014,105,156,11,16,11>OH YUM. I am always in the mood for Shabu Shabu, so when my roommate asked me to join him for dinner at a new establishment nearby our apartment, I ditched my homecooked leftover meal in a millasec. We showed up at around 7:45 on a tuesday night and the place seemed to be just settling down. Pretty surprising, considering it was a random tuesday night, but crowds are always a good sign. With just a few customers ahead of us, we waited for a short 10 minutes to be seated. Even though we had been looking at the menu for that wait period, we spent another 10 at our table deciding which combination meats and broths to order. Although simple, they have quite a selection and as a first time customer I always second-guess myself on ordering. Finally my roomie ordered the Paitan Nabe, and I settled on the Niku Dango Nabe with Wafu Base. The Niku Dango was a very light, shoyu broth. Simple, but perfect for what I was craving, which was mostly veges and tofu. After cooking the Chicken & Pork Meatballs & Veges, the broth was amaazzzing. I could not stop sipping the broth even though I was so full! The Paitan was very tasty too-- it had a sweet and salty taste to it. I think next time I will order that one instead! I thought ichiriki was the best Nabe restaurant, but after eating here, I realized a major difference in the quality of the broths and even meats. The meats at Asuka Nabe taste much fresher, and are cut generously. The broths have a cleaner taste to it which leads me to believe the sodium content is way less and the quality of the ingredients are way fresher. Hands down on any Shabu Shabu night, I would choose to eat at Asuka Nabe first. Our bill came out to about $45 which is staple for a decent Shabu Shabu meal. I like it here. They keep it simple, and do it well.Tips: There is no dessert or extra side dishes here, and it is BYOB.My one grip:Our server was a bit of a space cadet. It took her a while to take our order, she didn't bring us plates to put our cooked meat on, and we waited almost 30 minutes for her to approach our table after we had finished eating. When I looked up to find her in the restaurant, i saw her gabbing away with her co-workers. Yikes. LIKE:Dipping sauces are set on the table before you are seated. Convenient re-fill and free! They have Ginger, Ponzu, and one last sauce I cant remember. Also, green onions and daikon set on the table for you to use, free of cost! (I hate when places charge you extra for those things).BUT:The food is so delicious so I will definitely be back......after I run 5 miles.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,4/15/2014,246,383,17,20,22>Often when I hit up Chinatown, I am presented with two huge dilemmas as approach Bethel and Maunakea. Do I go for a drink at Summer Frappe, or do I get ice cream at Wing's? Afterall, they are across the street from each other and both serve up extremely good refreshers for a hot day in Hawaii.Wing specializes in unique ice cream flavors that you can't find anywhere else. In the summer, they serve up Hayden Mango and in the winter, when different fruits are in season, they serve starfruit, and all types of special flavors in between. So far, the flavors I've tried are:Hayden Mango - I don't eat mangoes. They are one of those fruits that I simply don't like. I like my citrus fruits. However, I like mango ice cream. Take someone you don't like, turn it into ice cream from Wing and you'll definitely like it. Available only during summer when it is in season.Starfruit - As mentioned earlier, this is only available during the winter when it is in season. I also don't like starfruit, but I absolutely love the starfruit ice cream.Xocolatl - The original chocolate of the Mayans and Aztecs. Think spicy chocolate. I'm not a fan of chocolate but this is more of an "adventurous" flavor for me.Nutella - EXACTLY like the name. You like nutella? You'll love this.Bon bons - Homemade so you know they are the real deal holyfield. Chocolate lovers, this is what you want if you don't want somethingPandan - Ever been to those Vietnamese drink shops that have these coconutty jellies on the bottom of their drinks? This is it. Tastes exactly like what it is. Love it!Wing also carries fast acting lactose intolerance relief pills so rejoice all you lactose intolerant people like myself!It was a no brainer for me to give this place at least a 4 star review, but the reason I gave Wing 5 stars is that no only are the owners awesome and accomodating, their ice cream flavors are consistent. Everything on their menu tastes exactly what they describe. Although it is a surprise getting a new flavor, its definitely no surprise you're going to get ice cream that tastes exactly like what you picked.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,4/14/2014,384,392,8,16,10>I need to caveat this review with the fact that we came here from some wine tasting at oeno, and my taste buds may have had wine goggles on them, but this was some seriously DELICIOUS food.We ordered manila clams with garlic based on the recommendation of the waiter.  I am so glad we took his advice.  We were slurping up the garlic sauce with bread long after the clams were gone.  My husband had the lobster risotto.  I'll be honest. I can barely remember what I ate because the lobster risotto was THAT good.  It was creamy with good chunks of lobster.   I had the fresh island fish, which I believe was a mahi mahi.  It was delicious, but not memorable compared to the fish prepared all over the island.  Definitely overshadowed by the lobster risotto.Although you can walk in, as always if you can get a reservation, do so.  I wish we could have had a table outside.  It was a beautiful evening.  The decor on the inside is a little "cookie cutter."  I think they could spend some dollars updating the upholstery and wall artwork.  You won't be looking at the walls though, you should be looking at your lobster risotto!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,4/13/2014,731,1118,6,18,11>It seemed just like another night with friends and the inevitable difficult question arose: where are we going to eat dinner? Its never an easy question to answer, after all some people might want sushi, some might want a salad, and others a taco. In this night's case, we were all just too tired. As we piled into my car and we hit the road, I remembered Grant S. posting pictures about a new Japanese place that was nearby...with no expectations other than Japanese food would be had, we went to Rinka. While its non-descript exterior right off Makaloa Street (I know, its official address is Kapiolani, but it really is off Makaloa!) might not make you take a second glance, you are taken to what seems like another land as you enter its doors. The zen like atmosphere almost makes you feel as if you are entering a Tokyo tea house set amidst a Memoirs of Geisha like-park...then the clang of a glass and a shout will make you come to your senses. The izakaya-style menu is complemented with a respectable shabu-shabu selection that will definitely fill you up and hit your taste buds. The abalone croquette was quite nice with a crusty katsu style crust with the abalone set amidst a decent cream sauce that was overall lovely, but could have used less cream and more abalone flavors that I was hoping for. The karaage chicken with curry salt was a very good and well executed karaage, I just wished they didn't mention the curry salt because it was simply lost on the dish and wasn't necessary. The miso eggplant was a highlight and overall a very well-prepared dish with a balance of miso and eggplant flavors seasoned and cooked to a perfect harmony. The shabu shabu was nothing to sneer at with a very flavorful but simple broth that brought out the natural flavors of the beef or pork (or whatever protein you opt for) and was complemented with a respectable serving of vegetables that you would come to expect. Service is still being worked out and it clearly showed they were still in their opening phase. Over all, they were attentive and knew their menu surprisingly well. Our waiter made some very good recommendations and were generally around when we needed something. They were slow at times, but it wasn't that painful. I would probably make reservations even though we were a walk-in since it did appear that they fill up. Definitely a very good meal and while it has some service kinks to work out, I definitely would go again and found it not just satisfying, but quite enjoyable.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,4/11/2014,125,159,6,12,11>Finally had a chance to try the lox bagel AND their scones!Lox: The salmon is sooooo fresh, it practically melts in your mouth.  It's $7.75 and that gets you a bagel of your choice, cream cheese, salmon, onions, tomatoes, and capers.  It comes deconstructed so you can build it yourself and add as much of the toppings as you want.  I got it to go and they put parchment so that the bagel wouldn't get soggy, which I really appreciated.Cherry garcia scone: I think it's a remake of ben and jerry's cherry garcia icecream?  It has chocolate chips and cherries in it!  Absolutely delicious!  The ends are kind of crunchy but the center is really soft and moist.  I've also had the toffee scone here on a different occasion and recall it being one of the best scones I've ever had.  Toffee scones are hard to find anywhere else so I highly recommend this pastry to be tried at least once.  Scones are $2.25!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,4/10/2014,588,341,14,20,19>For the simple fact that they offer healthy and a good variety of vegetarian options in an area where it is severely lacking, they deserve five stars.  When I first heard of this place on the Weekly Yelp, I immediately crossed it off of my list thinking, it's in Waikiki - too humbug.  Funny enough, the next day, my coworker mentioned he'd gone there and that they are conveniently located on Kapahulu across from the Zoo!  I can deal with that part of Waikiki.On my way home from some fun in the sun at Kaimanas, I spotted the store's sign and popped in to grab some food for a late lunch.  It took me so long to decide because there was such a great variety of things that all sounded and looked delicious! They serve paninis, which are all prepared and in the front case (pre-grill, a-la mix cafe) so you can see what you're getting.  There's also a cold case with a great variety of salads, wraps and sandwiches.  I chose a kale and butternut squash wrap, with cashew butter and a tangy/spicy vinaigrette on the kale - I LOVED this!!  I also picked up a small bag of pita chips on the side.  Overall, a little pricey for simple food but imho, worth it for the convenience and the quality!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,4/9/2014,783,555,9,19,15>Yakiniku will never be the same after eating at Hiroshi. You know how when you order set-courses, there's usually at least one thing on there that you didn't really care for, or could've done without? Well, not with Hiroshi and his Platinum course. Everything in there is mouth watering.Beef Tongue. Best quality tongue I've ever eaten in my life. So rich, fatty, and very tender. One second on each side while cooking, and good to go!Wagyu beef, A4 grade. Just check out the marbling in the pic (the pic doesn't do this piece of meat justice, but 'nuff said). Seriously it just melts-in-yo-mouth. No knife needed. This is my first time trying wagyu and now I am spoiled.Scallops with miso butter. Don't overcook like we did. Still good though. You have the choice between this, prawns, or intestines. Toro kalbi and kalbi. Cut thin. Use with ponzu sauce. Another melt-in-yo-mouth experience.On top of these delectable offerings, you also get salad, roasted garlic, banchan (small dishes like kimchee and sprouts), and dessert. I also ordered the yook hwae on the side (raw beef with egg). Eat by itself, with the apple and celery slices served with it, or with rice and nori. I prefer as is.I'm not gonna lie, this set course is pricey. $105 and you have to order a minimum of 2. Went with 4 people and we split the 2, which was fine, but I could've definitely ate one whole one by myself. Just close your eyes when signing the check and know that it's totally worth every bite!Such an amazing foodie experience. I can't wait to go back again and again!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,4/8/2014,411,273,20,26,18>BIZ HOURSSun: CLOSEDMon - Tues: 9:30 am - 5 pmWed: 9:30 am - 1:30 pmThurs - Fri: 9:30 am - 5 pmSat: 9:30 am - 1:30 pmPARKING BLOWS (BUT WORTH FINDING)Metered street parking is available up and down Liliha Street.  Might be limited depending on what day/time you go.  If all goes to shit, park at Foodland/McDonald's on School and Liliha St. and hoof it over (brief walk).HISTORY OF MAE/MAYForgive me, blunt-FOB-Chinese-mother-grandmother-and-master-­seamstress!  I hafta go back and ask you how to correctly spell your first name (*1/14/14 - K, it says "May" on her biz card, so das how she rolls!).  May is a sweet, blunt, older Chinese lady who, prior to opening up her own shop 6 years ago, worked for years at a local dry cleaning shop as a seamstress.  Said dry cleaner chain got bought out and she lost her job.  Now, thanks to sewing-declined folks, like myself, her biz has exponentially grown thanks to Yelp!  CASH ONLY!!!No credit cards accepted.  Doesn't look like personal checks are either.  If you need an ATM, McDonald's has a Bank of Hawai'i one.HEMMING SOMETHING?If you want something hemmed, like, say a dress or pair of pants, she'll have you try it on (she has a private dressing room) and show it to her.  That way, she can start pinning it, figure out how much (or little) you want it altered, and get your direct feedback about it.  Thus, BE SURE TO BRING ALL NECESSARY FOOTWEAR, BRAS, ETC. FOR YOUR FITTING.A WEDDING DRESS, A PAIR OF PANTS, AND A WINTER JACKETAre all that brought me here.  I can't sew for shit and I have no inclination to learn this dying art anytime soon.  In early June 2013, my wedding dress - which is a bridesmaid's dress I bought for $115 from David's Bridal - had arrived and I was in dire need of a reasonably-priced shop to alter my dress.  David's Bridal couldn't provide me an good estimate (could have been $60 or $100+ depending on how much altering was needed), so I decided to go local.  Linh's has gotten crazy busy, so I went on Yelp and found May. :) I called, asked if she hemmed formal gowns, and informed me that, while she was busy, I should stop in and bring the dress, the heels I was going to wear, and whatever else was needed (for me, it was a strapless bra).On a random weekday at around 10:30 a.m., I found a parking spot on Liliha and came in to her shop with my 3 articles of clothing: wedding dress, pants, and winter jacket.  First, May had me try on the wedding gown with my heels and spent some time having me turn around in quarter rotations in front of a full-length mirror while she pinned the bottom + figured out an appropriate hem.  At several points, she had me review her pinning job and asked if I was fine with the length (what do I know about sewing?  Jack and shit.  Thus, I placed all of my trust in her hands).  Lastly, she noticed that the zipper and fasteners on the back of the dress were flimsy and offered to reinforce them.Grand total: $60May only charged me $3 to fix the puka near the belt loop on a pair of denim jeans. I also had a long Roxy winter jacket that had a big puka (hole) in the inner lining next to an armpit.  When I showed it to her, she immediately took it from me, sat down at one of her machines, and fixed it for FREE!  Who in the world does that nowadays?!I was in no rush for my jeans or wedding dress since my wedding was over 1.5 months away, so she scheduled a pick-up day one month later (fine with me!).  Pick-up was easy: she had me try on the dress again with my heels, made me look at it in the mirror, and made sure everything was fine.  Additionally, she had me walk around in my gown to make sure that none of it was being caught in my heels (nothing like a beautiful bride falling on her ass while walking down the aisle!).Having her made planning my own DIY, budget wedding all that much more pleasant, enjoyable, and hassle-free.  Mahalo nui loa, May! :)REVIEW #252
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,4/7/2014,200,210,6,13,10>Being that I'm a big fan of nabe... or any kind of hot pot, I was pretty excited to hear about this new nabe place in Market City.  Came here on a Wednesday evening around 8.  Found parking right away and thankfully there was no wait.Upon entering, I was pretty impressed with the interior of the restaurant.  It's not very big but it doesn't feel too tight knit.  We got greeted and seated right away.  So like everyone said, it's like a combination of Ichiriki and Sweet Home Cafe.  You choose the broth and then you pick your plates of veggies and meats/seafood which is tucked away in a fridge hidden in the back.  Very much like Sweet Home!  Only thing is not as much selection.. but I kind of liked that because I tend to get indecisive or just want to order everything if there is too much of a selection.So my friend and I decided on the curry nabe and the Maido nabe which is supposed to be the popular one.  I was very happy with our choices.  Both were equally good :) and very flavorful & tasty!  We picked about 6 plates (ranged in different prices).. and it was just enough for us.. although I probably could of eaten more :POverall, I thought the food was really good.  I actually almost think the broths are a little better than Ichiriki.  But you pay a little more over here.  I also was happy with the service.  The servers were all very helpful and attentive (well they should be as the restaurant wasn't very busy)!  Hopefully this restaurant does well as the other ones in the past didn't have the best of luck.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,4/6/2014,109,99,8,12,11>Stumbled on the Restaurant Epic while looking for a place near by to pass time before attending an event at The Arts at Mark's Garage. Didn't have to look too far, just a few steps across the street was this place and they had open tables. Walking in to this restaurant I had a flashback of NYC where we visited our daughter, Kimee who was on the original Broadway cast for Mama Mia. It reminded me very much of a lot of places where we had dined. Places that where in older buildings that were nothing to look at on the outside but were intimately attractive inside. The dimmed lighting and dapper furnishing gives this place a touch of class.My wife Joji and I were greeted instantaneously by a genuinely smiling hostess who offered us a table of preference. Shortly after being seated our server introduced himself and did his presentation of the menu and offered several suggestions which is helpful if you did not already do a Yelp search earlier. Earning extra "Tip Points" the server requested for age verification before taking our orders for cocktails, which is a definite compliment when you are obviously at least twice or in my case  almost three times the minimum age limit.Our Epic Mojito and Bacon Bloody Mary appeared before us shortly with the appetizers soon to follow all at once as requested. The dishes were the flavors of Asian/European and Island influence and the presentation appropriate and not over garnished or overly done. All of the dishes are well balanced so that the exquisite sauces would not overpower the main ingredient of the dish, in other words, if you were blindfolded you'd know whether it was beef, snails or what ever it is that you were dining on.With so many restaurants and similar dishes being served my choices that stood out for the Epic Restaurant  is it's appetizers especially the Escargot Poppers, chop steak Bruschetta, and Braised beef Ravioli. The main dishes and desserts are also appealing , but I still need more visits to make a fair review(stay tuned for future updates).The service is proficient and friendly, the prices affordable, portions could be a bit more but delish and the restaurant is clean and spacious. The toilet could use better ventilation . Street parking is few but there are alternatives such as Mark's Garage.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,4/5/2014,165,151,17,12,11>Must Order: Snow Puffies Check-in on Yelp and receive 10% off 6+ puffies. (As of the time of this review)Made the drive out here as an early bday treat and almost got lost because Apple Maps gave up on us and shut down 5 minutes from the location. (Shakes fist at Apple Maps.., "why you no work like Google maps??!)We pulled in and I was like a woman on a mission. This was my first time trying them since apparently I missed them every time my friends would pick them up when we stayed at a beach house on that side. Or were they keeping them from me? Hmmm.... Anyway! Ordered my 1/2 doz snow puffies and was ready to roll!I thought for this review a Do's & Don'ts were in order:DO know what you want. It's a small shop and they gots things to do people. Don't keep 'em waiting!DO order the snow puffies. At least one or a dozen... Whatever floats your boat..DO share with your friends. Waialua is faaaarrr if you don't live there. So be a good friend and share. You'd want them to do the same. Oh and we're friends right??DO check in on your Yelp app because 1) why wouldn't you? and 2) there might still be a discount you can use.DON'T wear dark clothing or be too uptight on cleanliness. I don't care what anyone says, there's no delicate way of eating snow puffies. DON'T inhale when you bite into your puffie. You will accidentally snort powdered sugar and snorting white stuff is never a good thing and especially so when it's not even the thing you could snort.It's a good thing Paalaa Kai isn't any closer or there would be no hope for me...
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,4/4/2014,166,258,7,25,14>This review is based on my LASIK experience.  Which if I could, I would be giving Dr. Jenkins many, many more stars.  Thanks to her, I can actually see the stars I am giving her and her staff now.I've been in glasses/contacts for over two decades of my life, having poor vision wasn't anything terribly upsetting because contacts really do the trick.  Much better than glasses.  Still, my vision had stabilized at a terrible -5.50 level and I thought that this was the time to consider LASIK.I always see the Groupon/Living Social deals for Pan Pacific LASIK which is about $2,700 when those specials are being run.  Obviously you get what you pay for so I was referred to Dr. Jenkins by my optometrist (Dr. Khan Lau) to get an opinion by Dr. Jenkins.  Dr. Jenkins was understanding of my comparison shopping and offered me a price that was slightly higher than the Pan Pacific deal but one that I felt was absolutely worthwhile given the newer technology she utilizes and the positive feedback I've seen.  The LASIK quote I received was $3,378 including taxes, I still needed to pay for my optometrist visits and the necessary eye drops.  Still, this was an amazing value given that I felt I was paying a slight premium to have a highly recommended doctor do my procedure and using the latest equipment.The procedure itself is only a few minutes long.  The actual "laser" procedure is about 20 seconds per eye.  You'll feel a slight pressure during the 20 seconds in each eye and that's about it.  Oh, there is a weird smell too for a few seconds but that isn't a big deal.  As soon as it was over, I was able to see and walk around, etc.  Your vision is hazy right after but you can easily see the world around you.You'll sleep for 3-4 hours, follow the eye drop regimen they prescribe and go to follow-up visits while you do your immediate healing for the first week.  After my 3-4 nap, I was able to watch TV, do some computer work and enjoy the rest of my evening with nearly perfect vision.The next day I was able to work, drive and do everything I normally would WITHOUT glasses or contacts.  I am writing this review on my 2nd day after the procedure and can't imagine not having done this procedure.If you've been on the fence, let me tell you that this was one of those no-brainer decisions I've done in my life.  My left eye is now 20/15 and my right eye is 20/20.  How amazing is that??
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,4/3/2014,676,463,13,17,13>My friends and I pulled up outside of La Mariana and we were having second thoughts.  It looked like a shack on the side of a dirt road.  We walked passed the old cars parked along side the establishment and were wondering if we would get stabbed here...Once inside, I was in love.  Kitschy....much.  I love the tiki tacky charm and open air restaurant.  Thank you Anthony Bourdain and Rachel Ray for coming here because even my local friends had no idea of La Mariana's existence until I mentioned it.Drinks are reasonably priced.  Their cocktails ranged from about $7-10.  Beers $3-6...if i remembered correctly.  I don't recommend the food.  We ordered the nachos and it came with stale chips.  My friend who ordered the burger said it wasn't that good but at least it was better than Big City Diner.  (anything is better than BCD, imo).  Meh.I want to come back for their happy hour.  Great service and ambiance makes this place definitely one-of-a-kind.  Well, it should be because it's Hawaii's last tiki bar!PS:  to get here, keep driving down Sand Island Access Rd until you past that small strip mall on the right.  It's just a bit further on the right with a small white sign and red lettering.  Very easy to miss.Note:  They had too many fans going on at once...it was pretty chilly and windy in there so I recommend a light jacket if you get cold easily.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,4/2/2014,442,466,21,31,26>HOMEMADE ICE CREAM! OPEN DAILY 9a-6pm right next to Pa'ala'a Kai Bakery. The sequel to their first store (in Haleiwa) popped up right next to snow puffie heaven which makes this is the ultimate trilogy pit stop. With one parking spot you can get: Fried chicken and musubis (from the Pa'ala'a Kai mimi-mart), snow puffies and brownies (from the Pa'ala'a Kai Bakery) and HOMEMADE UNIQUE ICE CREAM from Scoop of Paradise. Similar to their Haleiwa location, they have a cute kids corner with novelty items for young children (books, toys, etc.). In this new location, they serve deli/cafe foods for breakfast and lunch (sandwiches, etc.) too. And then there's the ICE CREAM. Thank you Jacob for the 411 on this place.If you know my son, you know we only went here for the ice cream.  It was rich and creamy and just like the Haleiwa location. I don't think tourists go on this road much so it wasn't crowded at all when we went.  Next time you stop to get chicken or snow puffies, stop by next door for some ice cream too!Their prices are not cheap, but then again that's the price you pay for a scoop of paradise.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,4/1/2014,204,125,4,15,12>The great thing about HiBlend is that you can feel FULL and healthy after eating or drinking there.  Prices are reasonable and everything is made-to-order (please be patient, it's worth the wait!).  Plus, how can you not support a business that supports local farmers and is eco-friendly!  Now open from 6am - 9pm Sun-Thur, and 6am - 10pm Fri-Sat.BACKGROUND ::I've come to know the owners, Joey, Jason and Miles over the past few years, and when I heard they opened their new cafe it was everything I imagined it to be.  They are truly dedicated to promoting a healthy lifestyle while being environmentally sustainable and supporting local farmers. The cafe is a reflection of this lifestyle and their years of experience in the restaurant and service industry.  Joey has cooked some of the best food I've ever had (before HiBlend, obviously) - definitely a genius in the kitchen!  They are just awesome, down-to-earth guys that give me no doubt that they will only provide the best food and service!!LOCATION ::Conveniently located in Samsung Plaza on Keeaumoku, you can park inside the lot, find street parking, or park at Walmart.  When I parked in the lot, the lot attendant didn't make me take a ticket for validation - if not, HiBlend validates.  Just note that on the weekends it can be very busy with no parking in the lot, so just park across the street at Walmart where there is ample parking.ATMOSPHERE ::I was really impressed by the hard work that went into the seating area.  Super modern, clean and chic.  Recycled wood from Recycle Hawaii was refurnished and used for all of the seating area.  Mason jars were converted into hanging lamps for each table.  Just a cool place to hang out.DRINKS ::Its awesome getting your veggies in while not even being able to tell! LOL!  I think what really makes the smoothies stand out is that I can drink it as a meal and feel full the rest of the night.  Versus Jamba for example, I have to drink an original size (larger than HiBlends) and still be hungry later on!  Here's some of my faves:+ GREEN GIANT (Smoothie) + banana - it's hard to pick a #1 favorite, but I think this is my fave smoothie! It includes orange, grapes, spinach and kale. The banana just adds a wonderful touch. + CANDY GREENS (Juice) - Its cool, refreshing and packed with fruits and veggies: kale, apple, pear, and spinach.+ TROPICAL TRIP (Smoothie) - This one has kale, spinach, pineapple, mango, almond milk and a drizzle of honey.  Super yum!  I don't even know how to describe how it tastes since it has so many things inside lol.  But it is definitely filling and perfect as a meal for us light eaters or as a dessert.+ DRIP COFFEE - So this is really special coffee, much smoother and deeper than regular brewed coffee because this one is brewed for 24 hours!  Apparently it is brewed with cold water, there's no oils and is more concentrated/clean feeling.  It is also famous in the mainland and Asia (known as "dutch coffee") and HiBlend is one of the few places in Hawaii that has this.  Ask for a sample and they will gladly give you one to try!FOOD ::FYI these guys use ONLY local farm fresh ingredients, non-GMO/no preservative and organic food.  Throughout the week they go to local farms and farmers markets all over the island to hand pick their ingredients.  Support local!!  All sandwiches come with organic mixed greens with a house made dressing of your choice.+ BALT - bacon, avocado, lettuce and tomato with kale on a croissant.  An improvement on a classic BLT - a must try!+ AHI TAR TARE SALAD - so this is the only salad on the menu at the moment, but I am looking forward to the other salad options and wraps that the owners are working on (not saying this one is bad, I just can't wait to try more salads!). This one is great because the fish is never frozen, its fresh and delicious!+ TURKEY BREAST SANDWICH - Super good, its turkey on sourdough bread, with organic spinach, avocado, organic pepper jack cheese, and house made dressing (did I mention ALL of the dressings are house made??).  + PAPAYA BOWL - so light and refreshing, its a papaya bowl filled with fresh fruits and organic honey.  Again, all local except the strawberries and blueberries (obviously won't be growing that here) which are non-GMO.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,3/31/2014,242,168,6,12,12>As far as dim sum restaurants in Hawaii go, this is one of my favorites! They are still old school and push around the carts; for some reason, this makes the experience better because flagging down the cart lady who has your favorite dim sum items is all part of the experience. Telling her what you want and getting her to understand is another. Lastly, fighting her off when she tries to push something on you that you don't want is another experience in itself. The quality of food here is good. I just visited the other day with my family and I wasn't disappointed with any of the dishes. The only thing I wish they had was xiao lum bao. It's one of my favorite dumplings and I don't think they have it there. Other than that, it was great.This place CAN get crowded so beware, there might be a wait time. I went on a Monday holiday at noon and it was still busy, although we didn't have to wait for a table. But I have gone on the weekends before and it's guaranteed wait.Parking is either street or in the lot behind. The lot is a pay lot and street parking is metered.One thing to note, and this goes for most dim sum places: check your plates, cups and glasses for cleanliness. Every Chinese person knows it's automatic, gotta wipe down the dishes before you use.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,3/30/2014,136,217,6,16,11>Hidden behind the Keeamoku McDonald's and the Meadow Gold plant  is my favorite lunch spot on the island.  Run by the Izakaya Naru chef and his wife Anna, they specialize in flavored Italian sodas, hefty sandwiches, and their famous Abura Soba.The sodas are refreshing and not overly-sweet (great for hangovers).  I've tried the hibiscus and lilikoi which are both great.The sandwiches have some weight to them, and  have a range of options from egg tartar salad, chicken pesto, to potato bacon.  They get their bread daily from... well... Daily Bread in Mo'ili'ili and they're served toasted.Their abura soba is the star though!!  Ramen-style egg noodles served with the works for $12, comes with onsen egg, perfectly grilled charsiu pork that's crusted and juicy, chopped cabbage and kikurage (skip if you don't like mushrooms).  It's topped with some nori and sesame seeds and with a side of ra-yu to give it some kick.  If you like it more refreshing, you can ask for the bottle of rice vinegar too.Oh yeah they make their own Ra-yu chili oil, and can take a jar home for $10.  Also, they make daily special plate lunches that they post most days on facebook: facebook.com/iLANDSODA, just make sure you get there soon after they post because it's always limited.  On that note, I recommend coming early before they run out.  They make everything fresh daily that's why.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,3/29/2014,408,240,7,13,9>This place is kind of a hole in the wall off of Nimitz Highway but is a contender for my favorite green curry on the island!Justin U. loves this place and I was skeptical at first.... I LOVE Thai food and it is the favorite of my foods to eat out. (I have NEVER successfully made Thai food on my own!) ... But I am kind of picky. Luckily, this soon became our favorite spot! The helpings are big enough that I always have left overs for work the next day and every dish we have tried has been flavorful and decadent! They also have a good section of wine and beer. I would recommend: - Fried calamari.... Surprisingly good!- Drunken Noodles with shrimp.... Spicy but well worth your mouth being on fire. The wide, flat and doughy noodles make this dish awesome!- Green curry with tofu.... It's packed with veggies and is the perfect creamy consistency! Remember your side of rice  I have to say though that the service makes this place lose a star. It is inconsistent at best.... Sometimes you get a great waitress and then sometimes you have to wait ten minutes for your empty water to be re-filled!  The most important ingredient is great food though.... And Siam garden has it!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,3/28/2014,201,138,13,18,16>Wanted to take Tracey M. out to celebrate her birthday and since I know she's a HUGE fan of creamy pastas, where else better to go than La Cucina? We asked for seating for a party of 3 (Talor M. tagged along) and waited outside the restaurant. There was a big party dining in that evening, so we expected to wait a while. I seem to have forgotten how long the wait is here without reservations, because we were out there for over an hour! The beginning of the night didn't have the greatest start, because 40 minutes into our wait, we noticed that a party had left and a table that could seat 3 people was open, yet we were never invited to sit down. When Talor M. asked why we weren't being seated, the waitress said that the tables were for reservations only. Now we were told this is at 9pm and the place closes at 9:30pm. We were all frustrated, because it seemed obvious that there would be no more reservations at this point. We had to wait until seats were open at the bar. When we finally did get seated, we were starving! We ordered right away:Risotto with mushroom and sausage $19A sleeper hit! Went in thinking that the risotto would turn out like most Italian restaurants I've been to: Soggy and bland. This plate was awesome! Nice soft risotto that wasn't mushy at all. Really hearty flavor with chunks of sausage, mushroom and herbs. Absolutely fantastic and don't be deceived--it's incredibly filling!Ravioli Nero $20Lobster ravioli in a saffron cream sauce with small chunks of lobster. Savory, creamy and rich. I can see why this is one of their more popular dishes. Ravioli Pollo $17Chicken and spinach ravioli served with a tomato and herbs sauce. A very traditional and safe choice. The flavors were good, but not mind-blowing. Wouldn't recommend only because La Cucina can do so much better with other dishes. Limonelle Lemoncello $5A mutual friend of ours was raving about how this is commonly ordered after dinners in Italy, so we ordered one. **Warning: This stuff is STRONG! I have no idea what it's made of, but it tasted like lemon flavoring (not actual lemon) and vodka. It was really hard for me and Tracey M. to swallow without it burning our throats, but Talor M. loved it. He's a weirdo. We accept him though. Tiramisu $6Thick cream on top, lady fingers drenched in coffee liquor below, all topped with a thin layer of cocoa powder. Fresh whipped cream on either side of the cake. I sensed a hint of rum, but nothing overpowering. The coffee liquor was also a weaker flavor than I'm used to, but I really loved the texture of the cake. A much better choice than the creme brulee cheesecake, in my opinion, though it could use a slightly stronger rum/coffee flavor to help balance the flavors.  After the long wait and staring at that open table for a portion of it, I was tempted to give this place 2 stars for poor service. However, it's really hard to stay angry when their food is this good. I forgive you La Cucina, I forgive you! Especially when I found out later that the open table was for a food critic. Heck, I wouldn't give up that table either. Since we were there until closing, we had a chance to speak with the owner. He seemed very passionate about his food and his restaurant. He told us about the atmosphere he wanted for his place and the emphasis he puts on quality control and freshness for his dishes. He apologized for the wait and admitted that there were some tweaks he had to make to the menu and the restaurant set up. I appreciated that he took the time to come speak with us and apologized for the wait. So in the end, my rating remains the same, but I come back with better perspective and more comments on other dishes! Overall, a good place to spend the evening with friends. I'd be more than happy to come back--hopefully in the near future!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,3/27/2014,830,800,9,15,15>Holy Moly, this place is DELICIOUS!!!!The macarons are perfection - chewy and sweet and perfectly textured. The cookies are also soft and chewy. Scoop supports local and gets all their cookies and macarons from Oahu bakeries. Their ice cream is flown in from Kona... hence why they have random hours and inconsistent days that they're open. When they run out of ice cream, we just have to wait for their next shipment. They run out of cookie/ ice cream flavors pretty quickly so it's best to get there right when they open. Service is really friendly and their portion sizes are out of control. There's a reason why  your ice cream sandwich comes in a cup - it's ginormous! There's no way you could finish it without it melting all over you. I ordered the macaron blueberry cheesecake ice cream sandwich and it was MONEY!!!! So yummy. So fattening, but so worth it. I can't wait to go back and try the other cookies and ice cream combos. Everything looks and sounds so good. It's probably best to come with a group of friends so that you all can share.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/26/2014,275,84,17,20,17>Growing up in Hawaii, Japanese teishoku meals represent a throwback to the hanabata days. And in the days of "we won't make it until you order every single thing individually and will charge you out an orifice for it", when you can get everything under the sun in one meal, hanabata days accomplished. Kikuya is a visit to the familiar old days of complete meals and familiar tastes. Order one combination plate, and get sashimi, tempura, tonkatsu, rice, miso soup, salad, tsukemono and a partridge in a pear tree. (The partridge is cooked thoroughly, lightly battered, tempura-style.)Nothing fancy about this old-school Japanese eatery tucked away in Kaneohe ... as it shouldn't be. Every single food item has been delicious, from the chicken tofu to the various combo teishoku. Nothing feels like home like a juicy piece of katsu and a huge bowl of rice. Ikimashou!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,3/25/2014,260,347,8,19,15>I was lucky to be a patron of this resturaunt just the other day when i was brought here for my birthday dinner. One of my best dining experiences yet on the island. My gf called ahead an ordered the Omakase for us both. Dishes brought out were as follows:#1 Raw oysters topped with tobiko and a dash of greens- I really enjoyed the oysters. They were served chilled, the sauce they were in was excellent, the tobiko added great texture to the dish.#2 Salmon Skin Salad- Excellent starter, crispy crunchy salmon skin with a nice dressing to top it off.#3 Kurobota Pork- Nice and tender. Wasn't to suprised with this dish since its a common dish here in hawaii. The gravy it was in was dark and deep. I'm pretty used to Kurobota pork being paired with a darker type sauce. #4 Uni Shooter- Hands down best part of the Omakase. If i could give 6 stars, this would have been the 6th. Heaping mounds of uni topped with a pickled garnish swimming in a sweet savory sauce. I would get drunk off this dish if it were possible. Uni so fresh! #5 Spinach- Probably the least favorite dish of the night, it was sort of a salad type dish, served cold. There was a grainy texture in the spinach, not sure what it was that was mixed in.#6 Fried Stuffed Tofu- A decent dish, but very similar to agedashi tofu in my opinon. The sauce was quite thick. I dissected the fried tofu ball and it was cooked nicely, there was also a few mushrooms thrown inside. #7 Crab Cakes- One of the better dishes! This dish was perfectly fried. I could taste the sweet crab meat in each bite, there were some chives mixed in for flavor and crisp. #8 Fried Shishitou and Stuffed Eggplant- A tempura like dish, the eggplant was stuffed with a creamy shrimp mixture. I enjoy my serving of vegetables!#9 Hirame wrapped Uni- Maybe my second favorite dish. It added a real freshness to the course of the meal, after eating a few fried dishes, i was ready for a cool, fresh melt in mouth dish. This dish did it. Cool to the tongue, buttery in mouth. Refreshing!#10 Salmon Tataki- Decent dish. I've had tataki before so i can't say too mch about this dish. Perfectly grilled on the inisde. Nice soft raw fish in the center. Garnished with greens, sauteed in a sweet sauce. #11 Toro Nigiri- Refreshing! a nice pink slab of toro, that was extremely soft and buttery, an excellent cut of fish. Great quality.#12 Uni Nigiri- My favorite nigiri! I could eat these everyday. The uni was chilled, and super fresh, toppling over the seaweed. I like the generous portions that are served in the nigiri here. Atmosphere is great. The dim lighting, the sushi chefs hard at work behind the counter. The seating arrangements are all very homey style. The wall art and sculpture make a serene setting for couples on a date. The service excellent. We did end up waiting a while before the dishes  started flowing. Which made us a bit impatient at first. We were served the first two dishes, then ended up waiting a while before the next couple dishes came out. I'd imagine it would be more continuous, although maybe it was a busy Wednesday. I would definitely enjoy coming back here again someday. Many of the dishes were new and unique to me. Only downside is that we were served many fried dishes. I was looking forward to more of a fresh style omakase with a more exotic twist including fresh seafoods in a sashimi or nigiri type manner. Parking may also be a downside, although we walked so it wasn't a big deal.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,3/24/2014,104,160,10,14,16>Why do I come here - besides the fact that it is right down the street from where I work and I get to plug my electric vehicle in while I eat - it is pretty darn good!I like to think of this place as a hidden treasure - you would roll right by it if you just judged it on first look.  The unique thing about this restaurant is it is a sit down pho and Vietnamese food place - with  a walk in drive in at the front.  At first I was like huh?  But I get it - get hot to go or sit down in a no frill atmosphere where you can hang with your friends, or go into the dining room from some individual service.  The decor is very modern and clean.  I love the recycled lights and white wall - the dining table even have drawers in them to hold the eating utensils and napkins!  Very convenient and pretty cool - I would love to have one at my house. The staff here was extremely friendly, and was always checking up to make sure we were doing ok, or if we needed anything, in fact we always get the same gal and decided to always sit at our same table - just so we can say we have a table :)I usually have the Won Ton Pho - yum...but I have tried the roast chicken pho - where the chicken has a nice crisp to the skin even in the broth - no skinless chicken pho here.  I have also tried the rice noodle with spring roll - very good  the fish sauce is a tad salty but the noodles were cooked perfectly and the spring rolls were nice and crispy and tasted great!  Go hungry because the portions are very decent and you will not be disappointed.  I have decided that I will try everything on the menu at least once - I have been surprised that I have liked many of their dishes.  I usually say there are one or two things I like and others that are OK - but this restaurant will keep you coming back for more!Interesting side note:  They have a huge movie screen which will either play a fashion show or movie from time to time...funny but OK gives me something to do if I am by myself!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,3/23/2014,119,142,7,20,9>Let the Curb brand grow! The Curb is truly "the little coffee truck that could". From coffee truck to coffee shop, the Curb has gotten many opportunities since parking their trusty blue truck along the curb of Moore Hall at UH Manoa. In addition to a temporary coffee bar at Ala Moana, they've also recently opened a coffee bar within Sinclair Library at UHM and now, they have their own cafe. And, with three current locations, let's all say goodbye to owner, Sumner Ohye's life and freetime. But that aside, I'm so proud of my Curbies! Located at the John A. Burns School of Medicine, Cafe Waiola by The Curb is a legit cafe with a good amount of seating, full coffee/tea service, and amazing food options courtesy of barista Juli and Neale Asato of the BLK/BOX food truck. If you're in the Kaka'ako area, I suggest checking them out!!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,3/22/2014,157,109,11,17,17>Maple White Mocha! TRY IT! Trust me, whether you get it iced or hot, this drink is worth every. single. penny! My awesome office-companion knows I'm constantly on the hunt for my next great cup of coffee, and today, he introduced me to my new ALL-TIME FAVORITE coffee destination! From the moment I stepped foot into this coffee shop, I knew I had fallen hopelessly in love; from their artwork, to that huge red coffee roaster from Italy, to the distinct smell of freshly ground Waialua coffee beans, I was hooked.MAPLE WHITE MOCHA- Sinfully addicting; in fact, we stopped by twice today and I plan on dragging my husband here (on my day off) tomorrow to try this! I was afraid the maple and white chocolate would be overpowering and cloyingly sweet, but I was dead wrong. There was a wonderful harmony to the flavors that left me twirling in my office chair after taking my first sip and savoring every lingering component. LOVVVEEEDDD this!COCONUT MACAROON- Even after dipping hundreds of coconut macaroons in chocolate at my old job, I always jump at the opportunity to buy one of these tasty delights for my husband to enjoy. The texture and flavor was spot on, and I loved the fact that they only dip half of the triangle-shapped macaroons in chocolate. Delicious!SERVICE- What amazed me the most about this staff, is how they remembered my office-companion and his usual drink order even though he hadn't been there in 2-1/2 years!!!! That in itself is worth a million stars in my book; simply amazing! One things for sure, I am a huge fan of this coffee shop and will be sure to stop by here every chance I get! I hope you're ready for me, Downtown Coffee, because you'll be seeing me A LOT more often! :D
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,3/21/2014,230,143,12,16,17>SOJU, FOOD, and KARAOKE! A great place to come and hang out with friends! Booths and karaoke rooms! Basically like a cleaner Cafe Duck Butt and less crowded!!FOOD and DRINKS1) Whole Fried Chicken - hot and crispy. Dip it in some salt and pepper with some cubed daikon as a side (included).yelp.com/biz_photos/café…2) Seafood Pancake. Basic, but still Delicious and filling!yelp.com/biz_photos/café…3)** Dukbokki.  Special hot sauce with mochi and fishcake, interesting mix, but tantalizing sauce, would have been great with rice!yelp.com/biz_photos/café…4) Strawberry Melona Soju $13 during happy hour.  Yummy mix!yelp.com/biz_photos/café…ENVIRONMENTLocated in the infamous Samsung plaza on Keeaumoku St. across from Walmart. They have karaoke rooms available, like Cafe Duck Butt ($1 song machine in room). Booths in the main room, large bar, and Korean music videos playing on televisions in the background. Park in Samsung plaza or street parking.SERVICEService button! So if you need something just press the button! Love it! They were quick and efficient. yelp.com/biz_photos/café…CONCLUSIONDefinitely coming back to try the karaoke rooms, especially for birthday parties with friends!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,3/20/2014,123,119,5,9,7>Dat Cajun Guy rocks my socks! The service and food is stellar! I am assuming it is the owner that is the gentleman working in the truck. I feel horrible as I've gone several times but not asked who works there. The woman serving is super nice as well and will check on customers to offer free refills on the sweet tea. I am one to usual get the gumbalaya but I've just recently tried the buffalo shrimp po-boy which is AMAZING. The gentleman working the truck suggested I try it with the coleslaw rather than tomato and lettuce so I trusted his opinion. He was spot on. The buffalo shrimp were spicy and well seasoned, but the coleslaw cooled my taste buds to allow me to keep eating. I saw they were offering fried pickles which I am a sucker for so I order that too...It held up well on my drive home to Wahiawa. I don't know what aioli it was served with but it was crack sauce.Despite many things being fried, the food remains moist. Mmm I just went yesterday but am currently day dreaming about those fried pickles! YUM!!The food is amazing and worth the drive and they accept credit cards :)
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,3/19/2014,371,155,14,17,14>Eating at Morio's seemed like a distant dream. Reservations are always full for months, and I couldn't think of an occasion months away worth planning for. So when my friends called asking if I wanted to join them for a late Thursday night dinner at this elusive venue, I couldn't refuse! From all the stories I've heard about this place, I expected a grand sushi restaurant (think Tokkuri-Tei or Sansei). I fasted throughout the day to ensure that I had sufficient room in my stomach to fit all the amazing food I was about to eat! That evening, I got all dressed up, making sure I was dressed appropriately for the occasion. Well, I was right about one thing, I ate until I felt like I was going to burst! and then I ate some more! So priming my stomach throughout the day (...by making it empty) was a good call. BUT Morio's is a casual, tiny, BYOB nook on King Street. Turns out I have passed it hundreds of times and I never even knew it was there. Its decor consisted of random fish pictures and autographs from our local celebrities on the wall. Needless to say, I felt overdressed. ....SO a 5-star sushi experience that you can wear jeans and a t-shirt to! Are you convinced yet?!Honestly, I don't know what they have to order because our meal was ordered in advance (Omakase I think?), and the mouth-watering cuisine just kept on coming! Our friends reserved the entire restaurant, and I think there were about 30 of us. We sat down at 8:30 and didn't leave until 11:30...and the food came constantly throughout! So, imagine how much sushi, sashimi, clams, chutoro, etc. you can eat in 3 hours! We each paid about $55, tax & tip included. What a STEAL!!!!! Nowwww are you convinced?! Not yet???Ok fine, let's dig a little deeper. So, from my distant memory, I remembered plates of sashimi that melted in my mouth. Lobster sashimi from the lobster tail...while the other half of the lobster was still alive and crawled right off the plate and on to the table. (This freaked me out & I had someone kill it...it made me sad...) Remember this lobster, he comes back later. Clams cooked in sake. Fried fish that I can't remember what it was called...but you could eat everything, even the bones, and the whole thing was delicious! Flounder. Unagi. Uni. The list goes on and on and on. Before our last course, we were asked if we had any special requests. So even though this meal is set, you can still order ala carte! We ended the meal with lobster miso soup (told ya he would come back!) where we got to eat the rest of the lobster...cooked, this time. The Lesson: Dreams come true! Pick a date, make reservations, even if it's for 2014, FAST for the whole day, dress in your best casuals, bring your favorite bevvie, and look forward to an amazing, delicious evening!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,3/18/2014,765,197,9,18,14>I have to say that 678 Hawaii is a bit over-hyped.  Overall, I like Gyu Kaku better.   However, that being said, I could not decide on a 3 or 4 star rating, but the service definitely pushed them up in to the 4 star range.This past weekend was my second trip to 678 Hawaii and each time the service has been stellar.  Our waiter this past weekend was David; he was professional, friendly, helpful and always seemed to be nearby when we needed something. We got a beef combo and a combo that also had some pork. The quality of the meats is a bit better than you would find at a typical Korean BBQ place.  But, they do not have any chicken which was disappointing. They provided lots of side dishes; we ran out of Kimchee several times but our waiter always brought more.  Our waiter also helped us prepare the meat and kept the grill clean.  A couple of important tips for first time visitors.  They do have free parking; their parking is marked in a paid lot on the side street (on the opposite side of the side street from their building.)    And, they stop taking reservations at 6pm. so if you want to make a reservation, you need to make it at 6pm or before.   On the tables are a little set of buttons you can press to quickly summon a staff member.  This is wired back in to a little wrist device that all waiters wear so the response time is pretty quick.  Also, all waiters seem to be wearing a radio so they can quickly fulfill a customer request.  We did not give the button thingy a try because our server was passing by the table and checking in on us frequently.On the whole, I'll probably go back.  The restaurant is a bit noisy and if you go with a party of more than 4 you may end up split between a couple of round tables.  We had a reservation, but still ended up with 4 people at one table and 2 people at the other table.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,3/17/2014,559,209,20,29,27>Whoever said, "You can't have your cake and eat it too," hasn't come across Sweet Peeps.  Janice the owner and baker of Sweet Pops is certainly a cake master.  She creates amazing cakes to please the eyes and bakes astounding tasting cake as well.  C'mon, you don't have to lie you've seen them at weddings, 1st birthdays and such.  Those cakes layers upon layers, just like a master piece, too good looking to chomp down, teasing you for hours as you salivate awaiting for it to enter your mouth to meet your taste buds.  Finally when the time comes and you chomp down, it ends in big disappointment.  All show but it's a no go in the mouth and tummy.   How it all began...I was searching for a baker that could make a minion cake.  My boys are obsessed with minions.  We watch Despicable me and Despicable me 2 so often they can say it line by line.  My 3 year old laughs before the punch line comes up and they play Despicable me trivia all the time.   For Halloween the whole family dressed up as a minion, except for my husband he dressed up as Dru.   I tried searching thru Google, I attended the baby/birthday expo, I posted on the Yelp talk feed, checked on Craigslist and posted on my Facebook page to seek a baker.  I wanted someone who could make not only a good cake but a delicious cake.  My baby deserved it!  From the 1st month to the 11th month of my child's date of birth, WE celebrated with some kind of dessert.  However, the celebrant did not have a taste of it.  I know I put my children thru torture and I allowed others to witness it.  Hey, they knew what was going to happen and they went along with it.I finally found the one...I found Janice thru Craigslist and my wedding planner also highly recommended her!  After I checked out the Sweet Peeps Instagram page and the Facebook I decided to contact Janice thru text message.  In the middle of our text messaging my wedding planner messaged me on Facebook and recommended her so I booked her that day :)  This is the link to the Craigslist ad:  honolulu.craigslist.org/…::::The Deal-ye-Yo::::Cake Flavors1.  Vanilla Chiffon   2.  Red Velvet  3.  Chocolate  4.  Mocha 5.  Chocolate ChiffonCake Fillings1.  Vanilla Butter cream2. Strawberry Butter cream3. Nutella Cloud4. Cream cheese butter cream5. Peanut butter6. Sweet Biscoff-Janice also makes other desserts which I am so dying to try.  Such as chocolate covered Oreos, pretzel sticks, marshmallows etc.  -Minimum order for cake pops is 12. - Janice offers delivery with an extra fee.-She is taking Valentine's Day orders (HINT HINT HUSBAND) and she needs at least 2 weeks notice.-Janice has an Instagram Page @sweetpeepscake and a Facebook page called  Sweet Peep'sKeeping in contact...Janice did great answering my questions and concerns.  She made sure I got what I wanted.  We kept in contact thru text message.   Minion Cake, Cupcakes, and Cake Pops ......Hip, hip, hoorayIt looked exactly how I pictured it and once she came trotting out with it from her car, I instantly asked if she could make my older sons birthday cake.  Yes, I'm totally broke during the holiday season.  I have a child's birthday in November, December, and January.  Everyone who attended the party thought it was an awesome looking cake and when they ate it they loved the flavor.  It was vanilla chiffon cake with sweet biscoff filing.  I didn't get to taste the cake pops but my husband said they were incredible.  Detailed and tasted oh so good : ) What about the fondant?  I think that's all for looks so I just ate the inside part of the cake and the cupcake.    I can't wait till my older son's birthday comes around to eat her oh, to goodness, marvelous tasting cake again!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,3/16/2014,233,163,4,12,8>I'm always on the lookout for good "gourmet plate lunch" places. This place had been getting pretty good reviews on Yelp....so I bookmarked it. Dinnertime rolls around, and you can guess where I suggested. It's located in Puck's Alley, street-side, in front of Kiss My Grits and right next to the Greek restaurant. The owner/chef greeted us right away and made some pleasant small talk. He pointed out this tip jar where customers could "vote" for what the next week's special would be. This week's one was like a chicken picatta, he explained. But with tobasco-based sauce. I'm not a fan of spicy. So I had to pass on that. Here's what we got (to-go...our order took around 10 minutes):Blue NY steak ($12) Looked like around a 10 oz. portion, topped with blue cheese and caramelized onions, and with two scoops rice. I usually despise blue cheese, but I had a few bites of the steak and I can honestly say that I really enjoyed it! The steak was cooked well, and it was juicy and flavorful! Also, not that fatty!  *NOTE: I'm not sure if this is the cut that he uses all the time though....he had run out of the NY steak, but explained that he was going to substitute with a grass-fed cut instead. Organic upgrade? Yes, please! We lucked out on that one. Adobo Scallops  ($12) 5 decent sized scallops that were cooked very well. Not rubbery at all. They were enveloped in a heavenly sauce and accompanied with shallots and mushrooms. I don't think that the sauce tasted like Adobo that much. But it was absolutely delicious. I could have just eaten that sauce over rice as my meal. Verdict: the BF really liked his steak. I really liked my scallops. He actually suggested that we go back soon (as in, tomorrow) to try more of the menu items. I'll keep you posted. I'll probably sample everything on it within the next month or so! =)
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,3/15/2014,299,171,14,16,19>Braaah, yes.Drink specials all weekSuper friendly staff4 dart boards, a few pool tables, and that basketball gameLaid back, diverse crowdPlenty of tables and bar seating"Pig nachos" for $10, you can't beat itPho?  Pho.  Pho and beer?  Give it a try.A good  menu of reasonably priced pickings, full meals, and a small Vietnamese selection.  I tried the Vietnamese beef stew last night, it was was like a hybrid of beef stew with pho broth.  A little sweet for my taste, but it was just what I needed after a night a drinking.  The beef was nice and tender, falling apart with the spoon, and it had a bunch of carrots and onions.  Pig nachos are a go-to when I just don't care.  Packed with savory toppings, legit nacho cheese, and kalua pig.  I've heard the pho is decent.Parking is tight, what's new?  Parking is tight at Ala Moana and they have just short of half a million stalls.  Must be, right?  The good news, you can usually find parking in the lot on the side of the building next door, or along Beretania, or even Young st. The best thing about it?  I live right down the street.  So I don't need parking.  So when you're headed to Anasia, you know who to call.   Not me, I'm already here.  I see you over there on Yelp, reading my review right now.   Yeah that's me, nodding approvingly as you mark this useful, funny AND cool.  Thanks for that.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,3/14/2014,271,404,17,23,23>After my regular double Koko Head hike I was dragged here to Hawaii Kai Farmers Market to pick-up some fruits and veggies.  I had NO intention of buying or eating anything to keep myself healthy.  Not to mention, with Thanksgiving around the corner I had to make some sacrifices if you know what I mean...I passed by this stall to be greeted by the fab TRIO who work here and was asked to try a sample piece.  I have my annual physical in a couple of weeks and trying to keep my weight stable so I was just going to politely decline but then asked myself "What kink of Chinese am I to turn down free food?"  I totally can play that stereotype very well so I took a sample.On the very first bite of this butternut squash pizza I was SOLD!  First of all, I like seasonal ingredients and thought this was a very interesting pizza topping.  It had a subtle sweetness with great substance and it balanced well with the crisp bacon.  How can you not like pig???  Add on some sliced red onions, crisp basil leaves, pine nuts and some chili flakes - - YUMMO!   I really enjoyed the "surprise" heat as I couldn't really see the chili but after experiencing the heat, after careful observation you could see some specks here and there.Earlier this week I had a very disappointing wood fire pizza at V Lounge as the pizza fell apart after I picked up the first slice.  Kiawe Pizza is thin crust and it was more hearty and sturdy.  With the weight of the butternut squash, my pizza didn't fall apart when picking it up to eat.I let my friend take a bite of my pizza and he also had V Lounge's pizza with me.  Even he admitted Kiawe Pizza was much better. He's not a fan of butternut squash but he said "That's damn good pizza!"If you're ever at Hawaii Kai Farmers Market on Saturdays look for this stall and get you some delicious pizza folks.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,3/13/2014,304,150,8,19,15>We probably would have never come here if it weren't for their menu being posted on the back of the building where the Waiola shave ice tables are lol.  We were eating our shave ice back there and saw the colorful menu and took a look..The menu had lots of variety and pretty good looking food so we decided to give it a try the next morning :). It's a real tiny place with about 6 tables but it was still comfortable despite the size.  The girls working in there are very nice and helped us with any questions we had.  Everything came out fast and service was quick- yay!I tried the Mac Nuts House Pancakes ($11.95) which were two pancakes topped with fresh fruits and their Blue Hawaii sauce (coconut mac nut flavor) and Mac nut cream cheese sauce.  They forgot to put the cream cheese sauce on mine so she brought out a side of it for me.  Both were good but that Mac nut cream cheese one was SUPER good.  I had leftovers and asked if I could get a side of that cream sauce and they gave me pretty big containers of both sauces to take home :D.The bf had the Steak and Gravy ($13.95). The steak was little tough and overdone but the crust and sautéed veggies on the side were really tasty!  They also brought out four different sauces for the steak:  Spicy Garlic, Wasabi, Miso, and Steak Sauce.  Our favorite was the Spicy Garlic~ YUMMY!We came around noon and the cool thing was that even though they say dinner doesn't start until 5pm, they let everyone order from it anyways!Overall it's a nice little hole in the wall with friendly service and pretty good food.  Not sure if I would come back for the items we ordered but I am definitely curious about some of those other items!  I'll probably give them another try sometime.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,3/12/2014,145,245,9,16,13>As a poker player, you have to take some risks at times to win.  As Sammy Farha (2003 WSOP Main Event runner up and poker pro) once said "in order to win, you must gamble, if you don't gamble, you don't win".What does that have to do with Bangkok Chef?  Took a slight a gamble when I decided to go here to cater for a business lunch.  Had to consider it's choppy and inconsistent past quality vs. the reasonable prices for catering.The verdict: it's a pretty good choice for catering.  The quantity and quality you get for the price is well worth it.  Expect to pay about $10 per person.  For some who really know and like their Thai food, they may think it's only ok.  But for the casual eater, it's not bad.  Here are the highlights:Spring Rolls - safe choice, surprised in a good way that it came with lettuce and basil and mint to wrap and dipping sauce.Pad Si Ew - not really meant for catering pan, when they do mass quantities, the noodles are too broken and veggies are over cooked.  However, the taste was not bad.Pan Fried Long Rice - see above, long rice was too broken but again, taste was good.Red Curry - the most popular of the dishes, no leftovers here and was the quickest to run out.  Curry had the right amount of heat and wasn't too watery, perfect amount of thickness. In the past, their curries was too watery and was going.Cashew Chicken - flavor was there, but expected bigger pieces for the chicken and cashews.  Again, veggies was a bit overcooked.  Would not suggest this dish.Shrimp with Snow Peas - peas were cooked ok, a small tad on the overcooked side, shrimp was small and also expected the knobs to be peeled off.  But flavor was there.  No leftovers here, a pretty good choice.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,3/11/2014,695,1184,10,14,12>Finding HU-La La ice cream shop via Yelp mobile app was no mistake, since venturing into Waikiki for dinner and a nice kickstart to the Honolulu marathon 2013 weekend on a Friday evening. After hitting up the Yard house in Waikiki on Lewers, a bunch of friends and I wanted ice cream. Well, me more than the others, so I looked on yelp and found this nifty little place in Waikiki. Certainly off the main drag and well worth the price of admission for sure. You have the usual spots for go to places - Cold Stone Creamery, but I wanted to try something different. While the experience was average, it did not deter me from having a good time.HU-La-La Ice cream is located within the confines of the international market place in Waikiki. It's along the main drag on Kalakaua Avenue and kind of a challenge to find. When you find it, it's pretty good thereafter. Parking in Waikiki is always scarce, so its best that street parking is the best, unless you are  staying in one of the hotels. The pricing here is standard for ice cream, but you may get jipped on how much ice cream you actually get. That's alright though. HU-La La Ice cream is great for any occasion and they do accept credit cards, as well as cash. Always great in my book. I felt like a tourist in Waikiki while in and about that night, but that's alright, as I am with friends. The overall experience was, ok, satisfactory, good and average. Ordering, paying, then receiving your treat to eat satisfies even the most picky of ice cream eaters. While I would prefer the Cold Stone creamery, HU-La La ice cream was closer to the Yard House Waikiki than the Waikiki location of Cold Stone. Plus it's another local business that I could check out and Yelp about. I got the chocolate (2 scoops) and didn't care about the price, as I am a certified chocolate whore. If its chocolate, I'm always there for anything. Lol My other friends got their choice of ice cream. I don't remember it much, since I was somewhat drunk from the Yard House Waikiki and that's perfectly fine too! It was a nice way to end the evening and an awesome way to greet the oncoming marathon with open arms and tired legs. Recommended for your ice cream needs!Support local!B
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,3/10/2014,1117,333,26,39,33>Sometimes when you're hungry and undecided on where the heck you want to eat it maybe as simple as looking on your Yelp Mobile App, only to see that a fellow Yelp friend has just checked into Fukuya's!! (Thanks Joy N.).Fukuya Delicatessen & Catering has been in business over 75yrs and still going strong. A good variety,constant great tasty food has made Fukuya's one of the best Deli/Okazuya places in Hawaii. I came on a Sunday Morning to be greeted by friendly smiling faces and assortment of mouth watering food that all wanted to jump into my plate. I've always had a hard time deciding what I want to eat when coming to an Okazuya....How's about EVERYTHING!!! Well two plates later for $17.75 which I thought was a good deal for some "Ono" grindz. I ordered Shio Musubi,Ume Musubi,Boneless Fried Chicken,Ahi Belly,Garlic Chicken,Chow Fun,Hotdog and Pork Eggplant. Everything was exceptionally good, especially the boneless fried chicken, perfectly seasoned and crispy skin..FTW!!*Thanks Fukuya's for being there when I'm hungry!*Hours: Wednesday - Sunday 6:00am - 2:00pm.*Parking stalls in front and on King Street.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,3/9/2014,779,223,15,25,16>Kiwami Ramen has reopened! After months of patiently waiting their return, I visited them in their new location next to Panda Cuisine in the mess of shops in between Makaloa and Keeaumoku.1. The Ao ramen ($9.25) was my favorite.  The hearty broth is an instant tongue pleaser as it hits the palate.  The depth of flavor is instantly realized and your mouth waters as you slurp the noodles down (50 shades of ramen, anyone?).  The mizuna give a nice bitter crunch and the noodles are firm but not as toothsome as Sun Noodle.  I am definitely ordering this again.yelp.com/biz_photos/kiwa…2. The Goma Miso Ramen ($9.75) is an intense soup base with the nutty flavor of sesame.  Very rich in flavor, Kiwami keeps up with the current Japanese trend to serve a hearty thick broth for this dish.  The goma miso definitely fills you up and would be good on a cold winter's night.yelp.com/biz_photos/kiwa…3. Char Siu Rice Combo ($14.00) is a ton of food. You get a side of salad with a gelatinous vinaigrette type dressing, char siu rice with a tea egg and char siu, takuan, and ramen.  The char siu rice is the star here, the salty porky goodness is a perfect pair with the short grain rice taken in heaping chopstick-fuls.yelp.com/biz_photos/kiwa…Get this if you're fungry (effen-hungry) or if you're two small eaters.yelp.com/biz_photos/kiwa…4. Picanto Ramen ($9.75) this dish is spicy and stimulates your tastebuds.  That can have a really rough effect on the rest of your meal.  I wouldn't advise eating something light like a shio ramen after eating this dish.  The spice and bold flavors are going to make most things after eating this very bland.  Not my favorite, but definitely worth trying if you like heat.yelp.com/biz_photos/kiwa…5. Hello there Spicy Tsukemen ($9.25) the star of the night.  I've been waiting patiently for you to come back to me.  Damn this is good.  The nice firm noodles (you can order either hot or cold, but get cold noodles for sure) have the perfect stickiness when dipped into the spicy sauce of shichimi, chili oil and japalenos.  Not many places in Hawaii serve tsukemen style ramen, this is the place to get it.yelp.com/biz_photos/kiwa…We spoke with the owner during the meal and she said they give Sun Noodle their noodle recipe and they make it for them daily.  Their broths are simmered for 7+ hours and come from a Tokyo style.  Check um out.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,3/8/2014,299,107,3,10,10>A friend and I went here for the first time on a Sunday night. We waited for about an hour. The place was packed. The managers do their very best to accommodate everyone to be seated as soon as possible. With the wait, there is a reward.After an hour of waiting (which was worth it) we were able to order right away. For the appetizer, we decided on the Naan. Their Naan was huge! Good enough for a party of 4 depending on your hunger. For the main dishes... a must have Chicken Masala, Curry and Prawn Saag and Vegetable Korma. First, their dishes are served in a traditional cultural style plate, drink cups and utensils. The atmosphere gives you the feeling of as if you were actually in India. Their decorations are fairly close to the traditional style and feeling. The Chicken Masala was cooked softly and the chicken just melted in your mouth filled with great flavors. Their Prawn Saag is served in a green sauce which was the spinach. It had a little bit of a mint taste to it and they were pretty generous with the prawns. HUGE praws, again mixed with all sorts of flavors. The Vegetable Korma was just as good, very authentic taste and cooked to perfection. Each dish were made on it's own flavoring and not one is the same as the others.I would highly recommend trying this place and the wait is surely worth it. Parking can be challenging but there are ample parking across the street as well.  They are located next to Down to Earth and I would recommend either arriving super hungry or if the wait is super long to snack on something little to hold you until you are seated.Don't forget! This is  BYOB kinda place. So don't forget to bring your most favorite beverage!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,3/7/2014,446,222,6,17,17>When Jin Rin Dou closed down the first thing I thought to myself was....wonder what would take over in its place?" Fast forward a several months later and up pops Chukaya Sea Dragon Table. From the name itself I already knew that this was a Japanese owned eatery. I mean seriously who makes a name that long and mixes in Japanese with Chinese influences?  My marketing instinct already tells me that this is a difficult name to marketing, they better have the food to back it up.I went for lunch not expecting much and was pleasantly surprised.  They have a very reasonable lunch menu with some variety.  You can choose between things like ramen, fried rice, stir fries and dumplings.  So the menu is somewhat similar to Jin Rin Dou but with more of a Japanese twist to it versus Chinese.  yelp.com/biz_photos/chuk…We ordered the Kakuni Ramen and the Tan Tan Ramen with a side of Gyoza.  The gyoza was handmade and it was cooked perfectly with the crisp bottom and the steamed top.  The texture was good and so was the taste.  yelp.com/biz_photos/chuk…I actually was more impressed with the ramen.  I had the tan tan which rivals that of Gomaichi, not quite but close.  But even better was the Kakuni Ramen. I think the next time I go I'll order that instead.  I had to steal a few bites from my lunch buddy.Kakuni: yelp.com/biz_photos/chuk…Tantan-men: yelp.com/biz_photos/chuk…If you have a chance check it out.  They have some parking in the back of the restaurant or on the street.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,3/6/2014,210,202,5,11,9>Every now and then, when I am feeling extra fluffy from the weeks of non-stop yelp "research", I need to eat something healthy.  And by healthy, I mean low calorie and that makes me think of sandwiches. The thought of a subway sandwich actually depresses me so I compromise with a bahn mi.  Lucky for me and my coworkers, this place took over Leonard's in Waimalu Shopping Center and now we have another "healthy" option besides Bale.Hi Sandwich and Drink is a cute little shop with a couple of tables and counter seating for three.  I ordered the bbq chicken sandwich and a milk tea bubble drink (it's made of milk and that's healthy!).  The bread is really delicious and was served nice and hot.  It didn't cut up the roof of my mouth either which is a plus.  I prefer the bbq chicken from Bale, but the sandwich was good. I loved the milk tea bubble drink!  You can get it blended or served over ice.  The bubbles were especially yummy.  The bubble drinks are $4.95, but are huge (24oz).Parking is not fun here, but that's no surprise.  Go check it out!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,3/5/2014,434,95,16,19,19>I really liked this place!  I found it on yelp, of course, as I was searching for Poutine for my French Canadian hubby.  He has been complaining since I met him years ago about not getting Poutine, and when I saw that they had it, it was a must go!I was actually out of town when he first went, but on the way back from the airport when I got back, we made a beeline for the place so that I could try it.We waited in the car for them to open at 2 p.m., and were the first people inside when doors opened.  The waitress said we could seat ourselves, so we grabbed a booth, and flipped open our menus. We were essentially only here for Poutine, but...the beer selection looked too good to pass up, so I got a "Flight" of beers (4 of em).  They were really awesome!  Some I loved more than others, but the Irish Red Ale and the Mead were just fan-frickin-tastic.Now, my hubby is French Canadian, so he scoffs at the way they present the Poutine on the menu--with egg and Brisket.  "That is not REAL Poutine," he mumbles in his broken English.  (He really speaks English just fine, it just makes me smile to describe him as having an unintelligible French accent.)So, we order it pretty much taken apart, with only the classic Poutine ingredients on it (FRIES, CHEESE, AND GRAVY!!).  We asked for the other stuff to be on the side, so we could eat it separately.  I guess that that is okay for French Canadians to do.I saw in another review that someone didn't like the Brisket, but I think it was because they didn't know that the dish was supposed to be Poutine, which is French Fries, Cheese, and Gravy.  This Gastropub just gussied it up a bit with the Brisket and egg, but we had to be "oh so French, hoh hoh hoh," so we got it deconstructed, of course.We also ordered the Candied Bacon, which was more of an "I'm starving and it says Bacon" order decision.The owner or manager came to bring us our Poutine, saying that he wanted to see who ordered it like that.  My hubby tried to explain, but was too busy eating the Poutine to really make sense.The Poutine (deconstructed) was pretty good.  Only minor issue is that the cheese should be white, and you should be able to tell that the cheese is in the form of cheese curds.  The gravy was spectacular, and I really liked the fries.The Brisket, brought out in a little bowl for us, was extremely tasty, and definitely worth ordering on its own, if that ever exists.  The egg was an egg.  It was fine, but nothing to yelp about.  The Candied Bacon was delicious as well, but the Poutine was the definite highlight. Also, I wanted to mention that while this was only the second time I've ever had Mead, I really liked the Mead, and would recommend that you try it here.  It's much lighter than other mead, and dryer.  Also, if you drink it you can FEEL LIKE A VIKING!I would recommend this place, based on my experience, and I know I'll be going back.  Probably within the week, if my husband has his way.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,3/4/2014,419,552,7,15,15>Finally able to try their new location where the old Victoria Inn used to reside. What beautiful new digs they have! Not overly elaborate, but definitely more upscale and 2 1/2 times their previous size. From humble and intimate beginnings, emerges this swanky new grill able to reach more of the masses.I was weary that upgrading digs would change the overall excellence of this little restaurant that could. How wrong I was, as the service and food quality remain among my top 5 of Honolulu eateries. Reservations were always highly recommended, however now I would say it's a critical requirement as we've been trying for several weeks to get a before 8 o'clock seating. Appetizers: Smoked Ahi Bruchetta (5 stars!) If you like ahi and things smoked, then these little bites are for you. A great accompaniment with a local brew. Then there's the ABCLT or Manoa butter lettuce cups with avocado, bacon, tomato and crab, drizzled with a refreshing citrus dressing. Light zesty finger food that went well with a glass of Prosecco. Entrées: Rib eye (5 stars!) on a bed of homemade Papardelle. Perfectly done piece of heaven seasoned to perfection, however my dining partner thought it a tad too garlicky. I'm like, bring it on! Smoked Duck with Tagliatelle (5 stars!) Sometimes duck can be too rich, but this was complex,  packed with flavor without the heaviness you sometimes might expect from such a decadent sounding dish. We had a Paso Robles Zinfandel that sent these dishes into the stratosphere.Dessert: We didn't stray from our favorite and went with the always consistent and excellent Seasonal Crisp (5 stars!) that happened to be pear and cranberry. A crunchy, tart and warm your heart with the Season's Greetings kind of dessert that placed a lovely bow onto a glorious dinning experience.We sat at the bar and was served by Mike, their mixologist extraordinaire that introduced us to his Benson craft cocktail, complete with his glacier clear hand-carved ice cubes. Icing on an already impressive experience. Bravo 12th Avenue! Your excellence remains intact and now even more accessible. But I knew you when and that makes me smile :)
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,3/3/2014,900,386,22,26,26>Jane's Fountain! The name alone has the aroma of Don Ho, circa 1950's!TV-Land sitcoms remind me of Jane's Fountain! This place transports you to an era long forgotten... The days of American Graffiti, Happy Days, Laverne & Shirley, Joanie Loves Chachi, Captain Kangaroo, etc, etc. Serious 1950's vibe here! Nothings changed for over 50+ years - It's that vintage COOL!Why do I love Jane?1. DA JANE: The owner, Karen (current Jane) is the most deadpan friendly owner you'll find. Once you become a regular, she'll know exactly what you want! Creepy in a way, but it's because she gets to know everyone here. Like me... She knows I'm the tattooed dude that doesn't eat Mac Salad, so she knows before I tell her not to bring it. Dad likes crispy bacon, yup she already knows. Many think Karen's... "Jane", but frankly the original "Jane" would be pushing 90-years old, and this "Jane" is closer to 60-years old, unless she was the owner since 10-years old. I doubt that, oh and once again her name's "Karen". Confused?2. DA AMBIANCE: Vintage cool. Aka OG! Frankly, it's really not for everyone, but for some of us... Those that appreciate history. Old walls that talk, with scotch-taped ads for "Buying Kikaida" and photos of original "Jane" doing the Bunny Hop. The original 1950's red vinyl seats are incredible! The bull horns above the large Kanji sign's über weird, but still über cool. The mint green soda fountain is still on the counter, but probably "out-of-order" since Jack Lord last roamed Liliha street. You want a soda? It's in the cooler, brah. Yup, a tad funky, but I appreciate these old places that never change. It's called patina, brah.3. DA JUKEBOX: Large vintage jukebox tucked near the entrance, and yes... It WORKS! Lot's of classics from "Sukiyaki" to "Tiny Bubbles" to "Honolulu City Lights". A few quarters buys a bunch. Just don't expect Lady Gaga busting out of this box!Oh, and if you see a short asian lady with coke-bottle-eyeglasses... Hurry! Or, she'll toss in the quarters and play all those Japanese love songs. Not like anythings wrong with that!4. DA GRINDS: Simple, but home cooked ono! Like when you were 10-years old and grandma would cook those comfort foods. I'm shocked that many in the area still go to McDonald's for a cheeseburger. You can get one at Jane's for about $4, freshly cooked and 10-fold tastier versus Ronald McDonald. Or, my favorite loco moco for about $6 and change. Basic breakfast for about $5 and if you want the bacon crispy... You got it! Simple menu. Freshly cooked. Ono! 5.DA JANE'S FLOAT: The "old school" ice cream soda float! Throwback to the grandparents days! Boy, what have we been missing? it's true "food porn" yummy... Messy in a good way! Trust.Jane's Fountain is a hole-in-the-wall that has survived probably 6 decades on Liliha St. I have Uncles that remember this place... McDonalds wasn't part of the vocabulary back in the day. Dot's Donuts was on the corner. And a brand-spanking-new place called, Liliha Bakery just opened its doors, up the street. This was 60 years ago! Enjoy it while it's still here. So, next time you're in the area tell "Jane", errr I mean "Karen", I said "Howzit". The local dude that hates Mac Salad... She'll know.LIVE ALOHA...YELP REVIEW #140
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,3/2/2014,144,174,6,16,10>I'm always game for trying places I haven't been before so after reading all the props this place was getting, I figured I'd take a friend here for his birthday.  Our reservation was early so when we got there, the three of us were the only ones in the restaurant.  It was a very nice, bistro-ish atmosphere.  After about an hour, the restaurant did fill up and it was quite noisy inside.I started out with a trappist beer (Chimay) and the Foie gras appetizer which were both good.  The appetizer was a bit pricey, I think it was in the mid 20's, and kind of small.  I would probably pass on that the next time but would definitely get the monk-made beer again. :)  For my entree I had the braised short rib that came with what looked like a Fred Flintstone like bone with bone marrow, delicious. Some of the other things ordered were the Chinatown pork chop and the beef and reef for the b-day boy.  The pork chop was probably the most impressive of the entrees.  I swear it was over two inches thick and juicy as heck.  I saw some of the other orders of pork chop go by and they didn't look as big so I think we were lucky.  The beef and reef was good as well.  A tender filet and butter poached lobster tail.We were pretty full so we split the apple tart for dessert.  This was pretty good but not great.  Some other pluses...the service was friendly and attentive.  The dishes were all explained well, too.  Also the parking is easy.  Just park across the street at the Chinatown municipal lot.  One thing if you park there though, if you're tempted to just cross the street straight to the restaurant, be careful. I've seen many jaywalkers get a ticket at that exact same spot.  One thing I was disappointed about was they didn't do anything special for the b-day boy.  When I made the reservation a few days earlier, I did mention that it was a for a birthday.  I wasn't expecting anything free but they could've at least put a candle on the tart or something.  Well, will be going back tonight for another friend's birthday dinner so we'll see if they acknowledge her birthday at all.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,3/1/2014,1128,374,6,16,11>Since I'm always in downtown, and I eat out pretty much everyday - I been trying to check out new places. It took me forever to try this place out. Mainly because every time I pass by it, there is ALWAYS a line almost out the door. Finally one day there was a super short line, so I said hey WHY NOT! THE GRUB:{{ SHOYU CHICKEN $6 }}  yelp.com/biz_photos/c-an…   The chicken was ONO. I love when my food falls right off the bone ;D I honestly think this is a deal for $6 in Downtown! I mean 2 or 3 pieces of chicken, 2 scoops of rice and a choice of mac or toss salad? It really can't get any better than that. {{ KALUA PIG AND CABBAGE $6 }} yelp.com/biz_photos/c-an… The Kalua Pig was great!! Right amount of flavor, cabbage and it wasn't dry. YUM YUM~! {{ ROAST PORK $6 }} yelp.com/biz_photos/c-an… Super flavorful! I like the flavor and tenderness of the meat, I also like that its not super salty like other places.I have to say I now understand why there is always a long lunch line here. Prices are VERY good, the service is quick, and the food taste great. I'm definitely a fan of these $6 mini plates and plan to come back to try more!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,2/28/2014,52,99,14,16,13>"Do you feel like you're cheating? Cause I feel like I'm cheating."We go to Moanalua 99 for the variety. However, we always end up at the same place (I love you, sweet sweet ladies at the Korean Bar-b-que 99 with your fish/crack jun and refillable fountain drinks!!). Which is counterproductive, if you're going to the food mall cause there's choices. Yeah, we know. Lately, it's been over to Urawa's pretty frequently.PROs:+WHO is the chef?: The teri chicken has a great char to it. The fried veg tempura is GINORMUS, and if you get there early, it is all kinds of crunchy and lovely (but if you're late or hitting the middle of the lunch rush, it can kinda get a little greasy). The namasu remains on our top hit list. Nishime is old okazuya style, and although you don't get a lot, the veg are very well cooked and seasoned. Mochiko chicken is not overly breaded, and doesn't even look like most mochiko chicken you see around; mochiko is very light and airy. The butterfish is STUPID good. Yes, really.+Sumo portions!: They're still handing out pretty big portions of most stuff, although the fish was smaller portions than the last time we went. But the plates are definitely enough for two to share, I think, unless you're hostage hungry. Went with just the ONE choice entrée this time, and was thankful that I did. Still felt stuffed, though, and I was sharing with the little one.+Value: Picked up couple of styrofoam mini musubi combos from the discount warmer case for about $3, cause we thought the kids in the group would dig it. Came with about a cup of chicken, takuwan, and a huge musubi--deceptively a lot of food for the size. It was like the Tardis--you thought it was one size till you opened it up and then, BAM! Food everywhere. Nobody finished theirs.+VISA/MC/YES YES YES: They accept credit cards still, and from what I could see, no minimum purchase required.+CATERING: Yep, they do, and they have a catering menu too at the front counter. Sweet!+Fresh fruit, anyone?: They have a bunch of fresh fruit bowls in the cold case on the far left. Pretty reasonable prices for what they look like. I haven't tried them yet, because I'm stuffed full of fish and chicken, but they look good and it's nice to know they're there.CONs:-Can? WHY?: Still no fountain drink. Cans only, but they do have juice if you have kids.BOTTOM LINE: If each visit is like this, we'll probably keep going back. Only 4 stars cause we really want that fountain drink, ya know? Ultimately, yeah, we be grinding here. But I still feel like I'm cheating when I don't go to Bar-b-que 99 when we're here. Sigh. Torn between twoooooooo lovers, feelin' like a foooo-ooool...
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,2/27/2014,298,227,10,21,16>Brand new pizza place in Kaneohe located between Safeway and Longs in the Kaneohe Bay Shopping Center. Near the Windward Mall. Another good dining option for Kaneohe.Support Local Business: Apparently part of a family run pizza empire which started on Kauai. We all want to support local businesses. I'm giving them credit for being forward thinking entrepreneurs.Environment: Simple fresh and clean appearance. Nothing fancy but this is a pizza joint. Lots of tables in the front section which is the restaurant part. Towards the back there is a bar and sports bar with televisions and seating area.Service: Table service with waitresses. The hostess us warned that the pizza will take 20 to 25 minutes to prepare and cook. Our waitress was fast and efficient. Hours: Open 11am to 9pm. But, a sign says it opens at 7am on NFL Sunday game days. Sunday AM drinks are $5 and breakfast pizza menu. See the photo. Good Pizza, Great crust: We ordered a Margherita Pizza with garlic sauce, whole wheat crust. Probably the best wheat crust that I can remember! ! Crispy with texture and flavor. Very nice. The garlic sauce sort of overpowered the classic Margherita Pizza but over all it was good. Last week we tried the Margherita Pizza on regular crust without the garlic sauce. That was good too. Of course, you can choose your own favorite toppings so you are in control.Sports Bar: That could be fun. Kaneohe doesn't really have anything like this. Hope this is successful. Price: Just, a tad bit expensive for me. $22 for a medium pizza. There is a pizza lunch deal where you get a salad or soup included but it is still about $22. The medium size is the same as a basic pizza at CPK. The medium pizza will feed two or even three if you have an appetizer. Brick Oven does have premium crust though. Is it worth the price difference. We'll see. Brick Oven was not busy at all today at lunch. Prices? Yup, I think so.  I think they need a better lunch deal to get the average family in. But I know we are coming back. Check the menu first before you come here. The prices are on the menu. I'm wishing these guys good luck here in Kaneohe.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,2/26/2014,443,125,11,15,12>I've been driving by this place for nearly 9 years and I always wanted to try their food but thought parking would be too much of a hum bug.  But because we had a coupon to use we decided to park at the metered stalls on the street (#1'st smart move).  Took a short walk over to Cooke Street Diner and walah!  This place has AC!  (#2nd great discovery).  The menu wasn't too complicated and I was going to try the "safe" order and get SALMON.  The owner said I should try the BASA fish which isn't fishy tasting at all ...   Kind of reminds me of a flaky mahimahi (#3 great suggestion). We decided to stay there and eat our lunch and typically people like to have a conversation during lunch, but not this time..... I was all smiles and in heaven.  The Basa fish and the provencal sauce was heavenly!!!!  OMG - did I say OMG!  OMG!  Provencal sauce was creamy with capers and diced tomatoes and I ate my lunch with lightning speed because it was so delicious.Before I left I told the owner that his Basa fish suggestion was "da bomb".  For $10.85 I think it was worth every penny.  Now I won't think twice about PARKING!  I'll park two blocks away if I have to.Cheehoo!yelp.com/user_local_phot…
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,2/25/2014,233,132,6,14,11>Finally I can eat Pig and the Lady food without waiting for the Wednesday or Saturday Farmer's Market!  Big bonus for me since I work Downtown and can walk here for lunch!  Their restaurant is big with a high ceiling and very spacious for the downtown area.  They have lots of cool decorations all over the place.  They're not the cheapest place to get lunch at but you definitely get what you pay for here.   They serve amazing dishes and competition in this price range doesn't even come close.  You can tell they don't go cheap with the ingredients they use.  The Vietnamese Posole soup is the special this week and I strongly suggest it.  Lots of flavors that mix well together with the pork paste and the basil broth.Pho French Dip Banh Mi - The bread is just amazing dipped in the Pho Broth and the Brisket is always soft with melt in your mouth fat.  But I've tried many of them at the Farmer's Market and haven't had a bad one yet.   I've also tried a bunch of their Pho, Banh Mi, and Noodle dishes at the Farmer's Market and haven't been disappointed yet.  I would imagine the quality would only get better coming out of an actual restaurant.  This is my new #1 for lunch and by far the best meal you can get downtown.  Solid 5 stars I can't wait til they start having dinner service!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,2/24/2014,95,85,11,15,14>I waited a year to write this review because I wanted to assess their service fully. I'm the kind of person that goes into an establishment and prepares a mental Yelp review as I'm being served. Don't lie, you sort of do it too.Since birth, I've been a terrible dental patient. It took me 7 years to go to my first dentist...then another 7 years to go to my second (where I found out I needed TWO root canals and many fillings)...then ANOTHER 7 years to land here and finally get the whole teeth thing right. Because of Ala Moana Dental Care, I'm now very diligent with taking care of my teeth.The bottom line is this: If you don't take care of your teeth and they get super hamajang and you suddenly want them to be nice, it's going to cost you. Lesson learned. The good thing is that their staff never lectured or guilt tripped me. Instead, they told me what I could do to improve my teeth from here on out.I spent my last year wearing Invisalign (hence the year wait), and I'm entirely satisfied with the outcome. I trust my teeth with Dr. Devereux wholeheartedly. I was hesitant to try certain procedures, but he has the ability to instill confidence in me AND follow through with his promises. No wonder he's in the top top tier of Invisalign providers.At one point, my dental bill started piling high - I had a lot to fix. I was frustrated. But if you have a financial problem, don't shut down the possibility of a procedure all together. Talk to the staff and doctors. They provided me with options that allowed me to explore ways to keep my teeth healthy before they got even worse (thanks Dr. Devereux and Jackie). I never felt pressured to get a procedure done, nor did they ever try to push for more $$$ out of my pocket.Also, major compliments to the dental hygienists, especially Leeann (sp?). She mah fave. Always funny, personable, and professional.I'm done with my trays so I won't have to go back every 6 weeks. During this year long adventure, it never felt like they were...pulling teeth...*badum-tss* (okay, that's enough). All though they're a great team, this is one of those situations when having reason to see them LESS is better.Thanks for everything, guys!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,2/23/2014,140,84,9,18,9>What an adventurous hike! Though it can be a tough one to find!To get there start off by going down the Pali. Then make a right onto Nuuanu Pali road. There should be a few signs letting you know its coming up. Follow that road down until you see a straight stone bridge and you're there! Just park anywhere along the road. If you, like us, thought that finding the place was hard you're in for a treat. The trail itself can be a little confusing. When you first get there go all the way down to the river bed. When we were there we saw pink markers leading the way. Now here's the tricky part. You have to make your way across the river bed. On the other side should be a sign and a fork in the trail surrounded by giant bamboo. Just stick to your right, going along the stream! It should be smooth sailing after that.Besides all the confusion the trail was awesome! It's very scenic! What a great place to take pictures. Lots of diversity! I'd say go slow and take everything in because the hike is really short. Plus there's a cool pool at the end to swim at if you want! If you haven't done this before I would highly recommend it but don't forget the bug spray!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,2/22/2014,438,680,6,16,14>We came here on a mission to cure my pho-nomenal craving for soupy comfort food.  The shop itself is a bit tricky to locate, use Suzie's Adult store as you're marker (it is in the same complex).Upon entering, we were immediately greeted, seated, and given the chance to order.  We took the waiter's suggestion of sharing the extra large combination pho and the BBQ skewers.The food came out pretty fast.  The BBQ skewers came with several pieces of lettuce  for wrapping.  I've yet to master wrapping my food in lettuce so for me, it was a bit of a messy item to eat.  It sure was tasty though.When our huge pho bowl came out, a small pang of terror struck.  What had we gotten ourselves into, I thought.  The bowl was larger than my head.  In it contained probably an entire bag of vermicelli noodles and what seemed like 1/3 of a gallon of broth.  While there was a generous amount of thin slices of beef-the tendon and tripe were few and far between.I do appreciate the fact that they do not skimp on the accompanying herbs & bean sprouts.  Generally this is my litmus for how authentic a pho restaurant is-if they bust out the proper herbs and if they give you a good amount, you're in good hands.Overall, the broth here was just okay.  In my opinion, it lacked depth.  I would come here again.  Even on a weeknight, there was a steady steam of customers getting their pho fill here ;)
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,2/21/2014,171,537,9,14,14>i've been in biker bars.... i've been in dive bars.... i've been in local bars.... but this was my very first time in a country bar!  i didn't see any signage for this place, so i wasn't sure exactly where it was.... it is upstairs from Dixie Grill, and shares the same parking lot. they play good country music by popular artists (Jo Dee Messina, Dixie Chicks, Joe Nichols, etc....) and they have great live music on Tuesdays too.  GIANT JENGA!  i should not have to elaborate.... ;)you're here for booze and beverages? well....... - Patron shot = $9 - Rum (well) and coke  = $5 - Soda = $2  (Make sure you ask for the large cup) - large cup of water = 50 cents..... yeah..... O_O  - They carry AMERICAN BEER ONLY. - They have beer on tap, but NO PITCHERS.... - their "Lone Ranger" drink is $4 with a Yelp check-in (but you have to go to the bar, you cannot redeem this with a waitress) - they have a selection of whiskies which are American made only too... no scotch, etc.  at this point, i should mention - another yelper on here complained that they did not carry Grey Goose and other such liquors... if you read their business description, or visit their website, or even talk to the bartenders, it is stated all over that they only carry AMERICAN beers and spirits.  you have to respect that they're trying to support US made products.  They have line dancing on certain nights, and line dancing classes, and a very large dance floor to strut your stuff. dancing not your thing?  they have a game room as well with two 7-foot pool tables, foosball table, 4 player Pac-man, and a "Big Game Hunter" shooting arcade game.... their website shows a shuffle board, but they must have taken it out b/c it is not there?  too bad :(the bartenders and waitresses are nice, and overall it is a pretty fun place.  yes, it is not a place where you'd find a ton of "local" people, however, i've been here a couple times and was not mistreated. they do not have food (only "snacks"), BUT they will allow you to bring up food from Dixie Grill down stairs.  a junk part is parking... the stalls are tight, and the lot is shared with Dixie Grill and Go Banana's, so if its busy, its hard to find a spot.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,2/20/2014,266,263,6,17,13>As I type this review out, my stomach is full of ribs. I love that this opened in Aiea, now we have a little bit of every type of cuisine. My boyfriend and I were looking at the menu outside, on the fence if we wanted to try something different. As if they heard my thoughts, one of the workers came outside to give us our own menu to take home. Okay now we just have to go in.Inside it's very clean and new and...blue. Blue walls, blue tables, even we were wearing blue. It's very spacious, which I really like. As we sat down one of the owners came over, gave us  the run down of the menu and that they just opened two weeks ago. I didn't realize how young they were!Apparently a half rack comes with 5 ribs and my boyfriend and I ate with our eyes (and not our stomachs!) and decided to go for the full rack of ribs ($23.99) to split. We ordered mac & cheese, mash potatoes, and extra cornbread on the side.Right away our food came out and the first thing I looked at was the super meaty ribs, like the meat was hanging off the bone already. Holy shit. We immediately regretted our decision to get the full rack. The ribs had lots of meat on it and the fat to meat ratio was just on point (which I love). The BBQ sauce was so good. Not spicy, mostly tangy and yummy. I kept dipping my corn bread in it. Most of the pieces were tender and easy to eat but there were some pieces that were kind of difficult and rubbery to eat, like I felt like a dog tearing meat off the bone. The consistency was throwing me off, but luckily I only had two pieces like that out of the whole rack.Okay now let's get to that amazing cornbread. Buttery, sweet, moist, the PERFECT contrast to the BBQ ribs. I kept trying to stretch out my bites, savoring each piece. So glad I ordered my own cornbread.The mashed potatoes and mac & cheese were okay, nothing really special about them. Was hoping for a little more flavor to them.Between us two, it was so hard to finish the full rack. We were glad we just decided to share a plate and our bill came out to $27 with our additional sides. Service was great and friendly. They kept checking up on us making sure if we needed any more napkins or water. I could sense the first-job-awkwardness and I immediately told the girl that my stomach was going to burst with BBQ sauce and she started laughing and eased up.I'm definitely excited to come back and try all their other items and can't wait to see what else they'll be adding to their menu.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,2/19/2014,478,366,13,22,22>Yelp 365 Challenge x 2 #250/365I first heard of Be Fit Kailua when I ran the Kaneohe MCBH 10k Turkey Trot that was held on Saturday, November 16. They were part of the local  vendors at the event. Lisa provided information regarding their business products (brand running shoes, apparel, a big selection of sport beans, gel bloks, protein and accessories for running / triathalon (water bottles, running packs) and their location. I made up my mind to go there because I needed new running shoes before the Honolulu Marathon.My husband and I found the shop easily the following Friday. It's nestled into a little area of other businesses as Ed shared. Just be aware that if you do decide to shop at Be Fit Kailua, there is metered parking or limited parking in the little parking lot. As soon as I walked in, Jeff greeted me. I shared with him that I was looking for a  pair of new running shoes for flat footers despite the fact that it was 2 weeks out from the Honolulu Marathon. As Aaron shared, Jeff is indeed knowledgable. He had me walk around for observation and confirmed that I overpronate. He then inquired about what type of current running shoes I have (Saucony Pro Grid), which I also shared that I am open to recommendations. He was happy to hear that and brought out two brands for me to try on which were: Brooks and Hoka One. The perk of trying on these shoes? They were the very colors I had in mind. After walking around with the running shoes (I chose Brooks), Jeff and I were discussing the Honolulu Marathon since it's my first time. He assured me that two weeks is all right in breaking in my shoes and advised me to just take my time and have fun. He also reminded me to hydrate and fuel up before, during and after my run.This was one of the most relaxed experiences I had in purchasing running shoes because:1. It was obvious he was knowledgable in what he was advising2. His racing bibs and accomplishments are adorning the walls of the shop3. The ambiance of the entire store that sets your mind at ease that you are in good hands especially if you are serious about your health and fitness journeyBe Fit Kailua is a wonderful addition to the running community on the island of Oahu because now we have the option of Runner's HI  (Pearl City), The Running Room (Kapahulu) and now, Be Fit Kailua. I'll definitely be returning here to shop (despite the fact that I live in the Ewa Beach area). Thanks so much, Jeff and Lisa.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,2/18/2014,658,339,6,12,12>As the song goes, "good times, bad times, you know I've had my share...." That, in a nutshell, describes my experience as a customer here for the past two years. I've had fantastic service and service that is best forgotten. I've seen nail techs come and go. The reason I'm still a fan of Sophisticated Facial & Nail Spa is the owner, Yen.Yen is not perfect. But she tries. She really cares about her customers. She wants to do a good job and make her clients happy. When somebody makes a mistake, she genuinely works to make it all good again.One thing I like about Yen's salon is her annual membership for nail clients. Pay a $35 annual membership fee and get discounted rates on a range of services, including gel manicures and deluxe pedicures. As the name states, the salon does nails and facials. They also do waxing. For members especially, the prices are very competitive.The salon itself is nice--not super luxe but a big step up from many other nail "salons" I've seen in the area. It's clean, and they sterilize their tools. The location is good, directly across the street from Ala Moana Center on the mauka/'ewa corner of Kapiolani and Keeaumoku (catercorner from Nordstrom). They validate parking in the building, but my experience is that you still end up paying a few dollars out of pocket. They're close to Walmart and Ala Moana, so you may want to park there if you're already planning some shopping beforehand, or if you're going on a Sunday, you can usually score free street parking.Like many other salons, there aren't too many employees here who speak good English. Yen speaks English fluently, although my undiscerning ear still has trouble with the accent! Still, everyone here makes an effort to be pleasant and professional, and for that I appreciate them. Definitely recommend Sophisticated Facial & Nail if you're booking with Yen.Yelp 365 Challenge #237/365
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,2/17/2014,196,187,5,16,10>Attention all Yelpers: Genius Lounge's happy hour has changed ever since Chef Kenzo left. Happy hour now consists of 20% off all food items and 30% off all drinks. There is a lot to choose from for both food and drinks so that's a plus. Since one person in our group was sick and the other two didn't have lunch, we decided that we would just try a few pupus at Genius and then hit up another place for pho afterwards. Kabocha and Bacon ($9)--This is the one dish that everyone seems to rave about so of course we had to get it. Our overall consensus was that the bacon's way too salty when you take a bite of just bacon but when paired with the pumpkin, it's very delicious.Citrus Pepper Chicken ($9)--The chicken's super juicy and boy, was that yuzu pepper sauce potent. I got a little too excited (I heart yuzu!!!) and put just a little too much of the sauce on my portion haha. My mouth was not happy with me for a good five minutes but it was totally worth it xD. Only thing that would have made this even better was if the chicken skin had more of a crisp, which it seemed to have had based on the pictures of past patrons.Ume Shiso Salad ($4)--Cucumber sticks dressed with a strong ume shiso sauce and topped with lots of bonito flakes...so good! Prices here are on the pricier side considering the portion size but service was friendly and flavors were on point!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,2/16/2014,456,203,15,20,20>I've come to really like Dash for both the food and the drinks.Now, be wary before coming here. The word 'gastropub' stirs up certain expectations of an establishment, right? Gastropubs, in my opinion, serve delicious food along side a wide and interesting selection of beers. Dash has the former part down, but is a little lacking in the latter.The beer selection is not as extensive as I would have liked to see the numerous times that I've come here. I'm all about trying new and different types of beers, but alas not much going on in that department here. I have, however, tried the Hoptimum? which is a very high % alcohol for a beer. Any hoppy lovers out there should give it a shot one night. Now, onto the delicious food! It's pretty darn great here. My personal favorites are the fried rice, garlic chicken and the kettle potato chips. All of those are pretty darn delicious. Trust me, you will have to be rolled out of there, especially after a couple of drinks too.Dash is also just a great place to hang out. They have large booths that can accommodate larger groups. There are a few dart boards and there are weekly/nightly specials on beers/drinks. The only gripe I have about this place is the parking. BOOOO. They have a valet lot, but c'mon now.. let's be real. Street parking is really hard to come by. Central Pacific Bank, however, has a pay lot that you can utilize which is what I usually end up doing.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,2/15/2014,295,401,35,44,44>Got water?The Board of Water Supply wants us to save water and be more conscientious in our selection of foliage. They open this xeriscape garden to the public to recognize plants which can aid in water conservation.  I brought the kiddies on a community day to check out their annual plant sale and open house. I was shocked to see the different types of plants we could buy which will help save on our water bill. There were paths in the garden to see what types of greenery could survive in this area. They also had a very interactive kids game which provided information on the environment and sustainability. The entrance and parking were free yet the latter was a bit challenging. As you're driving on Iwaena, find the first parking space available because there is only street parking.During the year, they do offer workshops with a minimum charge. In December, they are sponsoring a holiday wreath-making workshop.Save some money and water! Go xeriscape!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,2/14/2014,776,347,24,37,34>Ah... After procrastinating for a long time, I finally had a chance to dine at Gazen.  It's an Izakaya style restaurant located at the far end of Kapiolani Blvd near the intersection of Waialae Av.  Parking may be a slight problem if you get there during a busy time , so my suggestion is to make your reservation for an early dinner, have a couple drinks and then order your dinner. When my dining companion and I got there around 6 one evening, it was filling up fast. We had a nice seat in the back and we were hungry!After browsing over the menu and debating between the two of us over what to order, my dining companion and I decided to start with the Sukui Tofu Sampler. BTW, the tofu is made in house. A bit pricey, yes, but worth trying for those of us who enjoy tofu. Three different varieties are featured, a black sesame one which was surprisingly good, a creamy soymilk one which was slightly sweet and a plain one which you eat with salt. I'm glad we tried them being that it seems to be one of the more popular items on the menu. Next, we had the Ahi Tartare wrapped in shiso leaves. This dish was fabulous. The flavors of the ahi blending with the shiso and sauce made for a delightful treat! The deep fried crispy mahi that came next was a step above what I am used to eating from the neighborhood take out joint. Crispy and served with a dipping sauce, this dish is a must have. My personal favorite had to be the Garlic Fried Shrimp with Onions. Now, I'm not much for getting my hands oily during a meal, but in this case it was worth it. The shrimp was cooked enough as to be eaten whole if so desired. The garlic sauce plus the grilled onions made for a tasty dish. Ah, next, tofu mochi balls prepared agedashi style. Tender mochi balls served in agedashi sauce with nori was a pleasant addition to our meal. Easy to eat and tasty. Our next selection was debatable. Diced Ribeye with Daikon and Ponzu Sauce.  Being the meat eater that I am, a meat dish was in order. The cubes of ribeye were tender and tasty with the accompanying daikon and ponzu sauce giving it a bit of a citrusy flavor with that slightly bitter daikon taste making for a nice combination. A little note, I couldn't help but noticing how much this dish resembled the Shaken Beef dish at Thanh Long in San Francisco... When I compared photos side by side, I was so amazed! Although, they are two very different dishes. Those of you who have dined there may know what I'm talking about. Last but not least, we ordered our sushi. What would this meal be without it, right? Right! The Gazen Nigiri set was decided on. It comes with seven nigiri and a half Tuna Hosomaki roll. Maguro, Sake, Hamachi, just delicious! Sushi just seems to taste better and is more enjoyable with a great meal and a cold beer. Oh, not to mention, a great companion! Our dining experience here was a nice one, they are attentive to your needs and can answer any questions you may have with the menu. But like I mentioned at the beginning, as for parking, we arrived before 6pm and there were ample stalls left. As it gets later, I don't know. It's easy to enter the lot makai bound, but be careful entering it while heading mauka.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,2/13/2014,220,341,6,10,10>I'm not one to hide my sweet tooth so after sitting through three days of training for work and discovering the proximity of cupcakes on day one, come day three I threw my diet out the window and marched on in to give these bad boys a try. I originally went in on the guise "I'm getting one for my husband" but when I showed up after lunch with three my cover was quickly blown. They had a pretty large selection of flavors and they were all cutely decorated (and not overly frosted). I decided to try the red velvet, pumpkin spice and got a carrot cake one exclusively for my husband since I can't eat it due to a nut allergy. The pluses: I liked how the cupcakes were clearly labeled and that the cupcakes with nut ingredients were clearly marked. Also when I asked the staff about other ingredients they were also very knowledgable, helpful and friendly. The minuses: the cupcakes were packed individually in paper bags and then into a plastic bag so they got a bit banged up frosting wise by the time they made it home, so a sturdier carrying mechanism would be a plus. Now to taste:Carrot Cake: my husband said the cake was dry, but the flavor was ok and "it certainly didn't scream award winning."Red Velvet: I liked this one. The cupcake was nice and moist with good flavor and the frosting had the right balance of tart and sweet. I wanted more but ate my cupcake too fast. Pumpkin Spice: The cake itself had good flavor but was a bit dry. The frosting had amazing flavor and I could eat it all by itself. It also was adorably decorated. I guess the whole "Cupcake Wars Winners" set the expectations a bit high mentally. They're good but they're not walk 10,000 miles in a monsoon good. But I wouldn't kick them out of bed.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,2/12/2014,262,145,9,17,15>I dropped in for happy hour with some girlfriends. We arrived at 5:30, so parking and seating were no problem. I had a couple glasses of wine, and my girlfriends opted for sake cocktails, which were all really cheap. Looking over the menu, the happy hour food specials did not really jump out at us, so we ordered mostly off the regular menu. We had the following:Shabu Salad - Very nicely dressed and a generous portion of meat. I liked this a lot.Kabocha w/Bacon - So simple yet so delicious. A nice mix of flavors and textures.Mentaiko Pasta - Again, quite simple yet tasty.Nasu - My friends deemed this to be their least favorite. I guess I would agree, but I think I liked it a lot more than they did. It basically tasted like mapo tofu without the tofu over eggplant. This was a very large and filling portion.Four Cheese Pizza - Okay, so...I was still hungry. This was a lot better than I thought it would be, as it had a light pesto sauce, and I love pesto. Tiramisu - I don't really love tiramisu in general, because I don't drink coffee nor do I like coffee-flavored items. This was an interesting interpretation and reminded me more of Japanese cheesecake. I'd rather have pizza for dessert. :)The service was just okay - friendly enough but sort of inattentive and rather slow. This seems like a good date spot - in fact, we were semi-spying on the couple at the next table and decided they were on a first date. Heehee. So nosy. One negative is that it gets VERY LOUD in here. The table on our other side had a woman who was cackling at a high pitch, making our eavesdropping endeavors a little more difficult. Chez Kenzo also has a semi-private seating area done up in red, which would be good for parties. Recommended.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,2/11/2014,201,134,15,25,21>I love this place. If I could eat here for every meal, not exercise, and not gain an ounce, I would soooo do it. I can't believe it took me this long to review such a great place that I have been eating at for quite some time. The LOCATION - happens to be at the end of Fort Street Mall (close to HPU). It's actually quite a walk from where I work but the walk is worth it. The ENVIRONMENT - is a little hole in the wall establishment with a few tables if you choose to eat there. However, I would recommend eating on the outside tables because there are a lot of very entertaining people who roam the area and put on quite a show. I call it lunch theater. The FOOD - is EXCELLENT for the PRICE. Yes, excellent! At six dollar something for a combo plate, you can't go wrong. What makes it even better is that the food is delicious. Let me also add that they're very generous with their portions. So generous that sometimes I feel like I'm ripping them off. Their menu consist of almost all my favorite foods (Minus Pizza). Foods such as Pho, Thai Food, and Garlic Chicken. I mainly get the Pad Thai Noodles and Garlic Chicken combination or the Panang Curry and Garlic Chicken combination. Bottom line is that the garlic chicken must be in the combo for me. Food quality has been consistent for me every time. Everything here is great, but what really puts the curry on the rice or the spam on the musubi is the SERVICE. Actually, I don't know if they have spam musubi but I can say that the owner (Vince) is one of the coolest dudes you will meet. Always smiling and will talk to you as if he knew you for years. On my first time there he told me: "Hi! Long time no see!". I didn't know how to respond so I said " Yeah sorry, how is the family?" He then gave me a weird look but that's okay. I figured that was a safe response. But anyway,  they bring out your food in a very timely manner if you eat there and always have your order ready if you placed a phone order, which I recommend. It gets very busy during lunch on the weekday. Overall, I am glad there is a place like this close to work.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,2/10/2014,226,72,5,14,9>My dad brought us here for an early dinner after our day at the Bishop Museum and I honestly didn't know what to expect. On the drive there, I looked up the reviews and was presently surprised on the ratings this ace received and was very excited to dine in. When we entered the restaurant, it looked like your average mom and pop, hole in the wall restaurant. Super cute and probably hasn't changed much over the years. It's cool how there's a water fountain where you can refill your own water. There were about 6 booths and a middle table where my family sat. My dad and sisters ordered saimin, while I rebelled and got a small wonton udon with a BBQ stick. I really enjoyed the udon. It had a nice texture, but what really got me, was the broth! OMG! Anything like this, saimin, ramen, udon, pho, whatever it is, what makes it, is the broth, and lemme tell you, this broth was killers! It had such depth of flavor. So good! The BBQ stick is nice and meaty, compared to other places. It could have been marinated a little longer, but other than that, everything was delicious! I can't wait to go back for more! Prices here are so afforable, great for a quick, cheap lunch or even a late night snack! The waitress and little old lady that served us were so sweet! Great to see that places like this still exist in this day and age. Thank you Palace Saimin!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,2/9/2014,87,129,8,13,10>Another great place that's been hidden in plain sight.... well, for me anyway!  They open at 6:00 am Monday thru Saturday, and since I was returning from an appointment one morning I decided "what the hey!" You know, I pass this place so many times it's ridiculous.The area outside is sorta on the worn down, unkempt side as it's a shared building with other businesses, and I'm thinking the landlord doesn't mind it as long as he gets his rent. But it's really what's on the inside that counts. Upon entering you're  greeted to the sights of a working bakery in progress, the efficient control of baking mayhem, in such a confined space. I was totally impressed.I got the Mocha Butter Cream Rolls and was just blown away. The roll itself is so light and delicate. It's like when you take your very first bite, you know your next bite is gonna be bigger, and you're gonna try and put more in your mouth....really!And then this super soft roll is filled with this scrumptious, delicious mocha cream butter where again when you take that very first bite, you'll be doing that ever so slight head bob up and down, saying to yourself....."YEAH that's what I'm talking about! Whoa baby..... where you been all my life, I like it, I love it , I need more of it!"It isn't over poweringly sweet... And yet it is. It's not super duper creamy.... And again it certainly could be. With just a slight hint of mocha, and yet it's everywhere in your mouth. I'm trying to describe it, but I can't. How can I explain it...... I'll take another bite, but this time bigger and try again! I was so excited to get it home to have and share, that when I remembered to take pix they were gone. Oh well, I guess it just gives me a reason for a return visit..... to....... umm... collect data for research purposes.... so I can give a better explanatory, explanation.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,2/8/2014,123,234,9,12,14>One more option for Italian food in Kailua.Bella Bistro is in the same spot as the old Zia's next to Noburo.Hamakua drive is a great location for an "al freco" restaurant, especially around sunset.Wife and I were seated immediately. Out waiter, a bit intense, was quick to explain what alfredo sauce is to my wife even though she already knows. We lived on it for one month when taking a European cruise.I ordered the Penne with Roma sun dried tomatoes and pine nuts, wife ordered the alfredo campanelle.We also tried the tomato basil soup.Bread was quick to come out. They served focaccia made by Ba-le, according to the waiter. It was soft and had a nice whipped butter with garlic and herbs spread to accompany it.I like that they chose campanelle (little bells) pasta. It reacts nicely to the alfredo sauce. The alfredo sauce is subtle and lighter and does not knock you over the head. My penne pasta was earthy and flavorful. Not enough restaurants do this type of Italian food incorporating pine nuts, herbs and sun dried tomatoes. It is not really a sauce, but more of a companion to the pasta. Tomato basil soup was good, but I it seemed a lot like a big ladle full of marinara sauce rather than soup. The portions here are huge, you will certainly need a doggie bag if you don't share. I see some people are slamming this place because of a botched wine selection. You guys should just be happy that an auto parts store did not move into this location.This is not touted as a wine bar, so just enjoy the great food and atmosphere here and (Marlon Brando voice) fugetaboutit.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,2/7/2014,352,191,25,30,25>NO! Those huge black bruises all over my legs ARE NOT because someone's beating me. It's from the pole! "What?!" Yes, I take a pole fitness class! "Pole Fitness?!"Yeah, you know...like a stripper pole...but I work out on it. STRICTLY for fitness ONLY! After a little over a year and a half of taking these wonderful fitness classes, I'm more in love with them than ever! The classes are really fun, and it's one thing I really look forward to every week. People know to NOT bother me on my pole night, because I don't skip pole for anything. Not for a dinner out with friends, not for a free movie, and not even if I'm feeling sick! Yes, that's how fun and great the class and workout are!I figure since I just graduated from the Level 8 series and going on into the superstars series, it's BEST time to write my review update. I've basically gone through the entire Fit for a Goddess classes and I'm still wanting more! The classes are basically my girl time, and the friends you make through your journey here are wonderful. Each week I go, the moves and warm-ups become increasingly more challenging, but the great teachers and helpers break it down for you, as well as motivate you to keep practicing. A lot of the girls in pole are really strong, and I can tell I'm getting stronger too. Have you SEEN my bicep? I think as a girl, my bicep has given me some bragging rights ;P. Pole Fitness is something I really recommend that all women try. Whether its for the workout, to build confidence, or to dance your heart out, Fit for a Goddess is the perfect place. Plus, no matter what, you'll have a lot of fun doing it. I promise. So what are you waiting for? Sign up for a class today!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,2/6/2014,138,137,9,16,13>The Park is a new cozy little restaurant that has great food and drinks. It's located in the Aqua Lotus hotel which is near the Aquarium in Waikiki.  There is valet parking down in front of the hotel and there is also metered parking across the street next to Kapiolani Park.  The restaurant is located on the second floor and it has a spacious layout.  Bar on the left, tables set comfortably in the middle, and a special glass room that houses a long dinner table that I Must eat in one day haha. After asking out waitress for recommendations we finally got down to some eating.  I first got the lamb sparerib as an appetizer.  Was very juicy and had a great sauce on it, looking back I wish I had got another order of this.  For my main dish, I had the Pork and Beans.  Of course this was no pork and beans from a can, the pork was quite tender and very savory and the beans were a good compliment to the pork.  I also got to try the housemade Gnocchi which was really good.  The potatoes were so addicting and just melted in your mouth.  For dessert I had the goat cheese tart which was "okay".  It was more of a cake than a tart in my opinion, but was still quite tasty and had nice flavors.Even though the food was great, I thought the drinks here were fantastic.  They have a vast array of cocktails and a good selection of beer.  They also had Chimay which is always a plus in my book haha. They also offer 25 different bottles of wine for $25 which was a really nice deal and the red I had went great with my Pork and Beans. I really liked the Park Restaurant as it's a very nice place to dine and relax.  They also have a few couches and seats at the bar and I can easily see myself coming here for pau hana, grabbing some appetizers and a few drinks while overlooking Kapiolani Park and just relaxing the stress away!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,2/5/2014,283,199,18,20,13>GO TO HAPPY HOUR, skip normal dining.The happy hour specials here are AWESOME!  $3-5 pupus and $4 drinks ($2 sake/soju shots)!  Early bird happy hour is 4-6pm and late night is 10pm-12am.  If you want to pig out on a ton of decent/good food for only a small dent to your wallet, here's your place!Faves:+Garlic clams - $3 (comes with about a dozen mini clams cooked in an awesome butter sauce; we've been known to order 3 plates of these for just 2 people...)+Takoyaki roulette - $5 (5 pieces of takoyaki, one filled with wasabi, the others plain.  In my opinion, they should make all of them with wasabi!)+Spicy tuna nachos - $3 (a ton of spicy ahi for only $3)+Honey toast - $3 (a mini version of the wildly popular dessert)+Agedashi eggplant - $3 (I love agedashi and I love eggplant so I might be biased here, but it's only $3!)Sorry to hate on the normal dining.  I know a lot of people like the food on the regular menu here, but to me it seems a little overpriced, especially when you compare it to such awesome deals during happy hour.  The food (aside from the sushi) also seems a bit Americanized, and I tend to prefer traditional/authentic Japanese preparings.Things you must do, regardless:- Order the honey toast.  It's wildly popular here, and although desserts aren't usually my thing, it's a unique, novel, and yummy treat!- Take a picture in front of the restaurant.  I don't know why, but everyone does this!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,2/4/2014,527,376,6,11,13>Whenever I'm in need of something fresh and filling I head towards Paina Cafe.  Although famous for their poke bowls Pa'ina offers more than just that.  Huge salads, plate lunches, soups, acai bowls, and even sandwiches!  The world is your oyster...or let's just say you've got variety at Pa'ina! ;)I'm always satisfied with a small poke bowl ($7.10) with spicy ahi and kim chee on-top.  MMM, so good I can't get enough!  The greatest thing about Pa'ina is the endless options to make YOUR dish YOUR own.  With countless toppings, dressings, sides, poke, and more, you can customize ANYthing you order.  Prices are a bit on the "expensive" side, but you get amazing quality (and quantity).  Service is always quick and friendly even during the lunch hour.  Next on my list to try...acai bowl!  :D
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,2/3/2014,379,443,9,23,13>I've always been a big fan of Arancino...they are one of the only resturants serving up black ink pasta. Yes, black ink pasta. Don't plan on wearing white, because you'll probably stain it (like I do everytime I wear white) Anyway, I've frequented Arancino a number of times and here's a few words of advice. 1. If you are kamaaina and work in the area GO FOR LUNCH. Seriously one of the best deals in Waiks. For $13 you get a salad/soup (which are both the same size of the salads/soup on the lunch menu) & choice of a pasta, pizza, or calzone. - If you want to try the squid ink pasta you can try it for lunch! :) 2. Rigatoni, simple but so amazing. Mixed w/ sweet onions and sausage in a tomato sauce, its a must. Damn it, now I want some :( 3. They serve up some damn good free bread. I could eat that warm focaccia for a meal....No really. 4. Since its owned by Japanese, theres a number of dishes that have that Japanese flare which make the food so good. Plus they don't serve up monsterous portions allowing you to actually walk out and not roll out of the restaurant5. Haven't had the pizza in a few years but last I remember it was thin and crispy so you can't really go wrong.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,2/2/2014,380,95,19,22,21>I love to sing. I love to dance. So what happens when Tracy gets to do BOTH in the same night?!?!JIBJAB MAYHEM!!!! (Have you seen the cartoons? Google it!)Now I'm not saying I'm the best singer/dancer in the world. That I am NOT. But I'm one of those strange cases of human beings that leave their shame card at the door (and probably my pride...and rational sense of wrongdoing and silliness).Nocturna is a hip, modern, oh-so-trendy hot spot in Restaurant Row that the twenty-ins (youngins' but slightly older) meet at to start their "Freakin' Weekend" off right. There's more than enough alcohol flowing with pretty waitresses encouraging another round of yogurt soju to make the most hardcore wallflower take a shot at karaoke and dance!I have mingled at Nocturna a bunch of times. It's an excellent venue for birthday parties or instances when my gfs beg me to slip out of my granny shoes and into my clubbing attire every blue moon. I must admit, once you wiggle your way through Ala Moana Blvd traffic and sniper a decent parking stall, it's all good from there.What's my fave thing to do?? Dance to "Teach Me How to Jerk" on Dance Central while sipping on a Vodka Cran. The dance moves get better as the night progresses! I'll throw my Nine Wests off just to properly achieve the "Slo Mo Jerk Off" and before you know it, errbody wants to teach errbody how to jerk. :)One word of criticism: there is only one women's and one men's bathroom stall in the main game room. I personally don't like the crowd as it gets close to the witching hour; bodies get sloppy and talking turns to screaming. So when the line gets long enough for the bathroom at around 1am, all of a sudden people are pounding on doors and things get a little rowdy. Nocturna should have seen this coming...The rooms are a bit pricey (our huge room was $120/night) but if you invite a whole group of squawkers, it ends up being fairly reasonable in the end. The wait staff were incredibly friendly and attentive, and we always leave with good vibes and great memories. The rooms are clean, the karaoke list is up-to-date with the most recent Rihanna or Bruno Mars hit, and everybody leaves humming their fave tunes. A+ all the way!!!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,2/1/2014,249,129,16,24,21>Cocina! What a delightful new Mexican restaurant, as its take-out menu describes it as "modern Mexican kitchen." Yes, the Spanish translation for "cocina" is "the kitchen" or "the cuisine," and its menu items can be best described as Mexican food with a twist. It was the first day of their grand opening, and hubby and I took in an early lunch to avoid the crowd. As we ordered, we bump into Yelp foodie Grant S., who was in the midst of enjoying his lunch. We joined him and had an interesting conversation about, among other things, his expansive knowledge and appreciation of food and its many cuisines.We had the following from the lunch menu:- Headcheese Carnitas Tacos. The headcheese came with poblano (Mexican mild chili pepper)-orange relish, pickled jalapenos, and cotija (Mexican cheese) on soft tacos shells. Now I'm not going to tell you what headcheese is, lest you may be hesitant to eat it, but I can tell you that the meat is so tender, and this dish is so delicious, with all the ingredients totally complementing each other. It has the perfect spicy kick to it and is definitely a winner! yelp.com/biz_photos/coci… - Gringra Jidori Chicken (fresh, free-range, vegetarian-fed chicken) with charred apple mole, apple pico, and avocado wrapped in a thin crispy tortilla. I had ordered this, thinking that it's the same Jidori chicken offered on the dinner menu which had garnished superb reviews, but the two dishes are not the same.  Although we liked it (great spicy flavor), the Jidori chicken on the lunch menu is actually generous chunks of chicken mixed with other ingredients, whereas the Jidori chicken on the dinner menu are two whole slightly charred brick-pressed pieces of chicken that are seasoned and charred, sprinkled with cheese, and served with a slice of avocado and tortilla wrap on the side. I'll look forward to having this from the dinner menu. yelp.com/biz_photos/coci… - Aqua Fresca. Pineapple juice, Meyer lemon, and Serrano pepper served in a mason jar. This is a very refreshing drink, and the pepper gave it a good spicy kick.  You wouldn't think the pepper would go well with this, but I was pleasantly surprised.  I would definitely order this again. yelp.com/biz_photos/coci… Grant S. also shared with us the Tortaguesa - 8 oz. Kulana beef burger with grilled onions, avocado, queso, pickled jalapenos, and an egg in a freshly baked bun.  This thick hamburger on a bun was spicy, delicious, and ever so flavorful! Although there were condiments, there was no need for them, as the burger tasted superb the way it was. Plus, the freshly made bun was excellent in texture and taste.Kudos to Chef Quinten Frye for the delicious menu items for lunch, dinner, and "small plates" all day. Not only are the dishes delicious, as their presentation also shines! Originally from San Antonio, TX, he worked at the 12th Ave. Grill and is part owner/chef of Salt Kitchen and Tasting Room. He has an appreciation of locally sourced, sustainable ingredients and is also a 2013 James Beard Award semi-finalist for rising star chefs. Yes, he's well deserving of this honor! yelp.com/biz_photos/coci…  yelp.com/biz_photos/coci…  yelp.com/biz_photos/coci… Cocina, with periodic pop-ups at Taste, took over the former Whole Ox Restaurant upon its recent closure. Its ambiance is casual - order from the wall menu at the counter, pay your bill, pick up your order, and sit on one of the many picnic tables in the area.  Restrooms available on site. Street parking available. yelp.com/biz_photos/coci…  yelp.com/biz_photos/coci…  yelp.com/biz_photos/coci… Cocina!  Can't wait to go back to try your other menu items!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,1/31/2014,186,203,9,13,12>WHY have I not brought my kids here earlier?!?  Art Explorium is wonderful!  For only $5,  your child can spend the entire morning creating, making and exercising her imagination in a clean, bright and creative space!  This is a very simple place, with a few tables, a ton of glue, scissors, tape and paper, and best of all, "trash" that your child can create into treasure! Nothing fancy, but these days, our kids are overloaded with "fancy" electronics, gadgets, toys, etc. that it's refreshing to get back to basics and have a little simplicity.  It's in this uncluttered space that they can really create and be resourceful. What I think is even cooler is that this is a NON-PROFIT organization that was created by a few parents, due to the fact that art programs were being cut in the schools. They wanted to create space where children could be immersed in the creation of art.  I just LOVE that this place exists just so that kids can create!  And that is exactly what happens here.  How it works: $5 per child, for unlimited use of materials, and time (as long as they are open, which is usually for 3 hours at a time, once in the morning and once in the afternoon).  If you want to make the most of your money, you can go at 9 when they are open and stay all the way till 12 noon.  It's nice to not have to be rushed.  We stayed for about 2 hours and my kids went home with about 4 projects each.Projects:  There are 3 main tables.  On the day we went, they were 1) Trash to treasure, 2) Building, 3) Collage.  The lady working that morning told us that Trash to Treasure is always available, but the other two tables change from day to day.  You could come every day and have a different project to do, how wonderful!  At the building table that day, the kids were building instruments.  My daughters made drums and shakers, using mostly recycled materials like yogurt containers, wine corks,  popsicle sticks and old buttons.   My older daughter's FAVORITE table was the trash to treasure table.  Against the wall there were bins of what would have been "trash" and "tools" such as tape, scissors, glue and hole punchers on the table.  There were no rules, no instructions, just freedom to make anything their little hearts desired!  It's amazing to sit back and watch your child turn an idea into something tangible out of the materials that are available to her. My younger daughter (2.5 years old) even decided to make a "monkey" and though her end product looked nothing like a monkey, the process of choosing materials, using glue and tape and arranging her stuff to make her "monkey" made her really proud!  This place is great for all ages, even I was tempted to make my own project! (I forgot my phone at home this day, so unfortunately I was unable to take any pictures, but maybe, just maybe, it was better that I was "free" from my phone that morning!)Art Explorium is a couple doors down from Bead It, and there are metered stalls right in front ($0.75 for 1 hour, 1 hour limit) or you can park in the lot on 12th Ave where there is also metered stalls.  Check their website for hours and for special workshops.  This is a great non-profit organization that exists solely for your kids' creative, artistic spirit, so why not make good use of it? This is a wonderful place and your kids, as well as you I'm sure, will enjoy it!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,1/30/2014,230,197,8,21,19>Usually these uppity places with great ocean views have an inverse relationship with the quality of food (similarly the same opposite principle for hole-in-the-walls), but not here.  I took my wife last night to spend our 14th anniversary dinner there, and the staff at 53 really made it as perfect as it could be.  We first drove up to the complimentary valet parking area, entered through the ginormous double doors, and checked in.  The place is elegant: 53 has its signature staircase (I was waiting for Cinderella to walk down) and high ceilings providing for a very regal atmosphere to begin.  This is definitely not a place you wear your "Locals" slippas (I think Longs has a sale two pairs for $5 by the way -- that was a freebie, you're welcome).When making my reservations two weeks ago, I noted that it was our anniversary, so they sat us at a table with a love seat that faced the Kakaako harbor and Waikiki.  It was just an amazing setting with the near full moon in over some of the Kakaako landscape as well as a clear view of Diamond Head.  The menu is concise and simple, which I don't mind so long as the limited choices are good.  There is a prix fixe wine pairing menu but we declined that option.  They bring out a house bread sampling of three breads (very warm Hawaiian sweet bread, walnut and sourdough -- all very fresh).  We started with the mushroom risotto and it was fantastic; perhaps the best item of the night.  The risotto came out piping hot, soft, with a nice mushroom sauce that made it decently flavorful and creamy.  There were also plenty of sauteed mushrooms added in.  I love a good risotto and again, this to me was the highlight of the meal.  My wife ordered the fresh catch, which was the mong chong, and I ordered the Chilean sea bass.  The filet of mong chong had good constitution, a tinge of flavor, and plated nicely with grilled string beans and grape tomatoes.  My Chilean sea bass was fresh, completely soft and nicely complimented with bok choy and a salsa dressing, with a light shoyu sauce base.  We added some more sauteed mushrooms as a side order because, we really like mushrooms.  The house cabernet sauvignon complemented the dinner nicely.  The service from the very moment we stepped in was diligent, respectful and appropriate (i.e. not suffocating).  We could hear the live piano music from their lounge, yet overall it was a quiet and peaceful atmosphere, and with the backdrop of a nearly full moon, it was really quite exquisite.  The dining room was nearly packed but 53 somehow maintains a quiet, dark backdrop which does not make the place feel busy or bustling (definitely not what we were looking for tonight).  Finally, they provided us with a complimentary anniversary cake and ice cream, which went well with the latte I ordered.  It capped off a near-perfect dining experience.  What struck me was that I was completely full by the end of the meal, which I cannot say often for places like these.   I was a little hesitant at taking my wife here, because I expected the hype of the strategic location and the built-in cost of doing business at such a luxurious property to make for some uninspiring food and service.  However, my pre-conceived notions were completely altered, and I found that considering the many factors required to make for a pleasant anniversary dinner on a weekday, 53 exceeded my expectations.  I would highly recommend it for a quiet, special evening.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,1/29/2014,125,61,8,15,9>I came here 3x before I decided to write my review. The first time I went, they had the 10% off your bill during the month of October. I took advantage of that, so my boyfriend and I came and ordered the Comb #4: King Crab, Shrimp, Crawfish, and subbed out clams with more shrimp. It was my first time trying crawfish, and I did not like it. Our waiter recommended their house sauce, so we ordered it with a mild spicy level. I didn't care for the flavor, so the 2nd time I went with my Auntie, and we ordered the same, Combo #4, subbed out the crawfish with more shrimp, with a medium spicy level and the Garlic Herb instead of the house sauce. I loved the Garlic Herb way better! The combos are enough food for 2 people, and for the price and the amount of food you receive is decent. I also like how they are willing to sub out an item for the combos. It's a great option! Now, you'd think after having such great service and food, why did I wait til my 3rd visit to make my decision to write? Third times a charm, they say. Or so I thought. My 3rd visit was with my close friends and I wanted to celebrate her birthday there. I called and made reservations for a party of 6 at 6pm, she came early and was seated, and I came late about 10 minutes after 6pm. I noticed that they had menus, but no water. I sat down and we got into conversation that we didn't realize that almost 25 minutes passed and we still didn't get any water, or any service. My friend was getting a bit impatient, I had highly recommended this place, and I was getting embarrassed at the slow service. I decided to walk up and ask someone for help. I let one of the waiters know that we've been waiting and haven't been served water or anything yet. He apologized and immediately took care of us, our sodas came, water cups, he also took our order, and even helped us decide when we were just so hungry we were shouting at him our orders. "Kajun fries! NO! Garlic! NO! Sweet potato!" He was very attentive, and listened to us. The food came swiftly after, we ordered the Comb #2: Lobster, shrimp, clams, subbed out crawfish with more shrimp, Garlic Herb sauce with a medium spicy level. The Fried Buckets, we got Alligator, Softshell crab, Battered Shrimp, and Calamari. The fries, we got Regular, Sweet Potato, Garlic, and Kajun. The Garlic fries, were a bit too salty, but it was delicious in the beginning because we were so hungry. The Kajun and the Sweet Potato fries we ate it all! Delicious flavor. I honestly, was not happy having to wait so long in the beginning, and I do understand that it was busy when we arrived, I'm just very pleased with how it was handled with such great customer service manners, and empathy. I swear, if I got some kind of attitude, I would have left and probably not recommend this place. I don't know the name of the dude with the cool mohawk, but he had recognized my boyfriend from before, and he chatted with me a little, as I told him how I found out about Crab Bucket and my previous visits. It's really great to be remembered, and treated so friendly. So here is your hard earned 5 stars, Crab Bucket. It really is "WOOHOO! It's as good as it gets!"
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,1/28/2014,175,110,7,12,10>Wait...what?! I've never written a review for Kiki's After Hours?? How can that be? Kiki's has a lo-o-ong history with my fam. We have celebrated countless events at this comfortable watering hole for nearly a decade. Birthdays, engagements, weddings, retirements, promotions, pau hanas, and many "just becauses". I'm even counting on another successful fund-raiser this July 20.  Venue: There are two levels to choose from. Lower level is made up of tables, a nice large bar and a game room with a pool table and dart machine. Several coin game machines dot the bar.  There are more dart machines, lounge furniture, tall boy and rectangle tables and the kitchen upstairs. Music and big screen TVs throughout both levels. Staff:LOVE the Kiki's team. Owner Karen Oshiro knows how to keep her team happy. Her staff stays on for years and they are super pleasant. Like "Cheers" this is a team who will remember your name - and your order. I give then additional points for keeping their cheerful moods even when they have to run up and down between the kitchen and lower level. Food: Kiki's is back with their game in the kitchen! The food was successfully handled by Brandy's for years. When the restaurant folded in 2012 Kiki's went through several restaurateurs who just couldn't get the right mix or taste for the bar food Kiki's clients sought. Owner Karen has taken control of the kitchen and all those old favorites are back tasting like a blast from the past and your grandma's kitchen. Their katsu, fried rice and chops are yum again. Soy beans salty and al dente. Tip: Order a coronary-attack grilled Spam, egg and cheese sammy. It's not on the menu but they'll make you one. Caution: wash off your toe jams off before you visit Kiki's because it is a sock-knocker-offer!Drinks:Good selection of popular hards and beer. They have daily specials ranging from tap brewskis to Crowns and more. The girls behind the bar know a lot of drink recipes and are not shy to look up a new mix if they don't. Location:Half a block from Shokudo and Ala Mos this is a great centrally located watering hole. This is a place to check out if you're looking for an alternate watering hole. Just be sure to leave a space for hubby and me at the bar *w*.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,1/27/2014,263,224,20,13,15>Welcome to YELP HAWAII NEWSAloha and welcome we will start off this newscast with breaking news. Reporting live from the airport area we have Investigative Food Reporter Cy C., "Hello we are reporting live from Honolulu Airport area. After much investigation and research we are happy to be the first to announce this breaking news. The first owner and cooks of Driver's Diners has been reported missing and apparently replaced by new owners and menu. Yes for those patrons that enjoyed the Driver's Diners delicious local cuisine and reasonable price has been disappointed to learn the current owners still working under the same name. Do not be fooled! Well the news team here at yelp has work diligently to learned the location of the former owners of Driver's Diner. Once again YELP HAWAII NEWS gives you breaking news the former original owner of Driver's Diner has been found. We have discovered located along Nimitz next to Chan's Gourmet Buffet is a little hole in the wall placed Joe's Grill Express. Our investigative team has learned indeed this is the former owner of Driver's Diner now open as Joe's Grill Express. We have gone through the difficulty task of reassuring the food and prices are indeed the original. We are happy to say indeed they are. Joe has reopened under a new name and still provided amazing food and unreal prices. Where can you find plates lunches for $6? Yes folks the mystery has been solved! I have indeed taken advantage already with favorites in mind such as the JoeMoco, Pork Adobo omelet, Roast Pork, Hamburger Steak and the list continues to grow.Reporting live from Nimitz, I am Cy C. with YELP HAWAII NEWS...Back to you."(Be aware YELP HAWAII NEWS and the investigative team is not real but this is merely a simulation)
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,1/26/2014,310,332,19,25,18>Idk about you but I am not a fan of hair or pain, the less of each... the better.  However in order for this to occur, it can get pricey. But I think I have some Chinese in me somewhere since I am pretty cheap regarding beauty fixes. Just like everyone,  I am always trying to get the most and pay the least. Just when I thought, pain and waxing were going to be a part of my life forever...the clouds parted and angels sang. Honolulu Medspa had some wonderful deals this past June...what applied to me was an amazing deal for laser hair removal. $339 for 3 treatments of a medium area ( up to a $975 value)   yelp.com/biz_photos/hono…As soon as I saw this, I called immediately for an appointment which wasn't too hard to get. If you are not paying attention, you may miss the place... as you drive up Liliha, its just a little past the N School street intersection your left, look for the fence. yelp.com/biz_photos/hono…The parking lot is a good size and I have not had any issues with looking for parking (usually my appointments are late afternoon). yelp.com/biz_photos/hono…The  receptionists are very friendly and helpful. The waiting room is very welcoming and makes you feel comfortable which was good because I was totally scared the first time I went...I did not know what to expect... lasers? What do I know about lasers except they kill monsters???Martha was the first aesthetician I saw (fyi you may get a different one at each treatment) and she was very patient with me. She answered all my questions and totally eased my fears. Apparently, depending on what part of your body you getting hair removal and your ethnicity will depend on which machine will be used on you, and each machine is different in terms of how much pain will be felt. Luckily, I am the best candidate! I am  Asian and do not have thick hair,  so I got the least painful machine. yelp.com/biz_photos/hono…Also generally depending on what results you want, will depend on how many treatments you get (6-10). They usually recommend at least 6, which was perfect since you were allowed to buy two of these special packages per person so it covered my 6 treatments. Woo hoo! So the procedure is super-fast, half hour or so but of course depends on the amount of hair you have. I have been to waxing tons of times so it wasn't awkward or embarrassing for me and the pain? It was a breeze, way less pain than waxing. It really is like lots of little rubber bands hitting you. I think it was more of the fear and anticipation than anything else. The second treatment I went to, about 8 weeks later was done by Keiko. She was great too. This visit was about 20 minutes and was much easier, especially since I knew what to expect.  I totally recommend getting beauty treatments here but keep an eye on their specials to get the most out of your money. I must say hair removal, can become an expensive addiction!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,1/25/2014,328,504,14,22,21>A-Salt with a deadly Happy Hour.  Though it's inevitable that at some point the weekend will end, one can take comfort to make it a happy ending (so to speak) with happy hour at Salt.  I ventured here on a recent Sunday, where its happy hour all night, with some fellow Yelpers.  HAPPY HOUR:  5-630pm everyday.  All night Sunday.  Only available at the bar.*DRINK*:  Specialty drinks and wine $6; Draft selection (1 out of 2 choices) $4; wine $61)  Gin Blossom:  I ordered 2 of these during HH.  It was refreshing.  I liked the name too....a sort of homage to the popular 90's Alternative band.*FOOD*:  Specials range from $2 to $8.  My table ordered:1)  Fried Pickles:  Good!  Really good.  Recommended.2)  Roasted Fingerling Potatoes:  A great alternative to french fries.  Generous serving. Delicious.  Would definitely order this again.3)  Kim Chee Grilled Cheese:  Though it may seem like a strange combination at first, rest assured it's your standard grilled cheese sandwich with hints of kim chee flavor.  Interesting combination yet surprisingly good.  I would recommended this.4)  Chef's Cheese selection:  Sad to say I forgot the name of the specific cheese, but the cheese was a generous portion accompanied by a few pieces of toasted bread.  Since there was more cheese than bread, the bread ran out quickly.  When asked, the server was more than happy to drop off more bread.  5)  "SFC" jidori chicken:  Though I only tried a few bites (thanks Maka K.), I think its the sweet/sour(?) sauce that makes this dish whole.  I'd try this again for sure.SETTING:  Happy hour is available only in the bar area on the 1st floor.  Seating available at the bar itself or at various bar-height tables.  The bar area is small but very welcoming as the bartenders and servers do an incredibly great job of tending to their customers.SERVICE:  Excellent.  The bar area was CROWDED when our group arrived.  There was only 1 seat at the bar, and the hostess was gracious enough to suggest to just take the 1 seat and hang out while waiting for other seats and/or tables to become available.  This proved to be a good decision, as we enjoyed our conversation with the bartenders, and they were more than patient and friendly with all of our questions regarding the menu, and taking our drink orders.  When our group moved to vacated tables, the servers were very polite and friendly as well.  I appreciated that they always came to check on us in a timely manner.  PARKING:  Street or at one of the nearby pay lots. I did attempt to look for street parking but ended up parking at one of the pay lots.  I parked in the lot that requires you to pull a ticket since Sunday parking is a somewhat reasonable (in my humble opinion) 75 cents per hour.Bottom Line:  Love the all night happy hour on Sundays.  Drinks are slightly pricey for HH.  Food is reasonably priced but some portions are small.  Satisfactory/quality service.  I'll return surely for HH on Sunday.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,1/24/2014,1039,82,21,25,21>You know, lately, I've been getting very lucky in stumbling upon good eats in my hood. Sushi Yuzu is one of my "lucky can't believe this place is here, where have you been all my life" kinda finds.Located in Ko'olina across the street from Aulani, Sushi Yuzu delivers modern trendy Japanese cuisine with a twist. The twist being YUZU which means citrus in Japanese. I didn't get the name until our food started hitting the table. That's when I had a light bulb moment. Everything is served with a citrus dipping sauce or salt. The citrus dipping sauces do not all taste the same. Every sauce is tailored to what you are eating. For the 3 of us, we ordered a lot of food and everything was super delish. We started with Chicken Kara'age and when the waiter brought it to our table, he asked us to try it because they had an earlier complaint about it being too salty. We tried it and 2 of us agreed it was a bit salty, but my other friend who prefers food with his salt said it was perfect. We told them we would keep it but the manager came over with a brand new order and apologized for the salty one. My friends and I enjoyed it so much, we ordered another one. We ordered the Poke which is one of their popular items. It was fresh and had a very faint citrus taste to it which I quite enjoyed....a lot. The spicy tuna roll was pretty good and so was the soft shell crab roll. My favorite was the spicy tempura lobster roll. It's a spicy ahi roll with chunks of tempura lobster on top. The lobster was perfectly cooked and had a bit of a punch to it. Def a must try if you go here. Also had the 3 way ahi sushi, which is served in 3 different ways. Plain, seared and a citrus roe sauceThe yakitori was very good as well. It's served with a citrus soy sauce which was pleasantly very good. I also dipped it in the citrus salt which was equally as yum. The salt isn't over powering and has a pleasant citrus taste. My friend wanted to try the fried ika, I expected it to be chewy but it wasn't. This came with a citrus sauce as well that was a little sweet. For dessert the waitress suggested we try the shaved ice cream. We declined since we were too full too eat anything else but the waitress brought it to us, on the house. It was huge! It's ice cream that is shaved like shave ice. It was actually really good and refreshing. Now don't freak out but I don't care for ice cream that much but this mango one was really good. Not enough to convert me to be an ice cream lover but enough to eat a lot of it. The ambiance of Yuzu is not like a typical sushi bar. It's more like an trendy and chic restaurant but casual and intimate. The lighting is perfect, not too blaring nor too dim. As one Yelper mentioned, there is no music blasting which makes it easy to have great conversation with whoever you're there with. The staff is super friendly and attentive. They didn't hoover over us but were quick to refill our glasses and always seemed to appear right when we needed them. I always say, you're experience begins when you first walk into any establishment. Our hostess greeted us with a smile and quickly sat us. Our waiter Sal and waitress Tamaki were so friendly throughout our whole dining experience. Btw, there is free valet parking in the back. You just need to tip them. Go to the second entrance for valet parking. So, I was taking pictures for Yelp when my friend tells me I don't need to take pictures of the menu because someone already posted it on Yelp. My head whipped around and glanced at his phone and what do you know, he has the Yelp app on his phone. Haha! Ok, so I get teased all the time about Yelping but this guy is a closet Yelper! So he doesn't actually write reviews, instead he prefers to read reviews, which is fine by me. As long as he gets the concept.Special shout out to Sal and Tamaki, you made our dining experience that much more enjoyable.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,1/23/2014,390,471,33,52,39>The heady aroma of rich grilled beef, undertones of sesame and soy, hints of delicate smoke from superheated charcoal; and that's just smelling yourself not the food.  Japanese yakiniku married to Korean BBQ makes one happy couple.Japan's first fusion Yakiniku / Korean BBQ restaurant's only foreign outpost.  Not AYCE but affordable.  The flavors are neither pure Japanese or Korean but overall, delicious!  Who doesn't want to eat grilled, thick cut, marbled pieces of USDA prime short rib, strip loin, skirt steak, and beef tongue with tasty, vibrant Koran inspired kimchi and namul?Soapbox rant:  All Asians do not look alike and Yakiniku is not Korean BBQ.- Yakiniku:  Focus on the pure flavor of the ingredients.  Un-marinated / not seasoned, cuts of high quality beef and veg grilled on narrow grates over charcoal served with dipping sauces and salt.  The guest does the cooking the way they want.- Korean BBQ:  Focus on the combined flavor of the dish.  Marinated / seasoned cuts of beef and served with prepared veg.  Wide grate grill, less smoky flavor.  Servers do the cooking to house standards.Two grades of beef, USDA Prime ("fine") and USDA Choice made special by thick cuts.  Most are gently marinated in either soy or sesame.  The Hirami (skirt steak) in either Prime or Choice cut packs the best flavor followed by the Prime Kalbi.  The standout is the thick cut tongue.  Once grilled, it's juicy, tender, and flat out beefy.  The simple addition of zesty ponzu makes the flavor explode.  (Pork, chicken, and some seafood complete the offerings; all untasted).Everything, including all proteins are in single serving sizes sold ala carte.  The selection of mushrooms are great when grilled and so are the mixed veg (kabocha, onions, corn, zucchini and peppers).  A sprinkle of salt.  All good.Standard beer, sake, and mixed shochu drinks.  Fair prices, better during the daily happy hour.Different.  Solid.  Fun.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/22/2014,186,150,8,16,10>Ramen places in and around town in Honolulu are a dime a dozen.  On practically every corner within the confines of Waikiki through most of Beretania & King Street, you can easily trip and fall into a ramen place completely by accident.  They're as plentiful as sushi places!  Agu Ramen Bistro however is one new place that I highly recommend that's popped up in Moiliili recently that is worth checking out.For those of you that remember a plate lunch style place called Da Kitchen which was on Isenberg Street, right across from Stadium Park, you'll know where this new ramen joint is located.  You can't miss it because the whole outside facade is painted red rather than white which really stands out at any time of the day.  Just standing on the outside looking in, you can tell that this is one classy establishment with nice & new furnishings.Walk on inside the doors and on your left is the cashier and the area where you are greeted before you get seated.  A few feet away in the middle of the room are 2 long tables which can seat a total of 10 people which are elevated.  On the back wall from the door are several other high tables which can seat parties of 2-4 people each, and on the far right back wall are more tables but these are your standard restaurant height ones which also seat 2-4 people each.  Also on that same wall is some nice red-ish/brown wood paneling which gives the place a nice & classy ambiance.Right now, because the place is so brand spankin' new, their menu is limited to several different varieties of Tonokotsu style ramen.  The usual suspects of Shoyu/Shio/Kotteri/Spicy ramen are availabel for selection as well as Shoyu/Shio Jidori ramen.  There is also gyoza & char siu pork available as side orders and extra toppings are available too.  The first time I went there with another Yelper, we were told that the owners are still working on refining the menu and will be adding more things to it as time goes on.So how was the food you ask?  I loved it!  As I mentioned in previous reviews, I'm not that much of a ramen guy or connoisseur but I know a good bowl when I see one!  On each occasion I've had Kotteri & Shoyu ramen which were both well done.  The noodles are on the thinner side(think Angel Hair pasta thin) but they seemed very fresh & soft without seeming stale and mushy.  The broth also was a good balance of flavor without being too rich or bland.  Both times I've also had gyoza and this was served up very quickly and felt like a good balance of meat and fried to perfection.As for the service, anytime we had any questions the host/hostesses were very attentive and quick to answer questions without being irritated.  Water refills also came in a timely manner too, which is important when having hot bowls of ramen or spicy ones.  One quick note to mention is that there are five levels of Spicy Tonokotsu ramen that can be chosen, with Level 1 being the most mild and 5 being the hottest.  I think most people will be perfectly fine with Level 2 or 3 depending on how much spicy food they eat.So, definitely worth a visit!  Good service, tasty food & great ramen along with atmosphere makes this place a very strong recommendation!  Out of all the new ramen places that have popped up, this is one of my faves.  Try it out and I think you'll like it as much as I do!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,1/21/2014,122,491,6,10,9>My son loves his pizza (he gets that from his dad). So after loafing all day, he asks to go to the pizza parlor. Of course, my husband is more than happy to entertain that idea. Not wanting to go to JJ Dolans on a Saturday, we found this little hole in the wall, literally. I had an online deal like everyone else. For $7, I got $14 to spend. It doesn't seem like a lot but it goes far! I got 2 medium pepperoni pizzas and 1 order paddle sticks (I paid $6 out of pocket there for my sticks). In total, I spent $13 for the whole meal! I guess in hindsight (with an entire pizza left), I could have forgone the paddle sticks and just spent $7. I didn't call in my order and headed down there with the two boys. Our order did take a bit but everyone else had called in an order. It was about 30 mins but we entertained ourselves in other ways and listened to our son talk our ears off and the guy sitting next to us. Anyway the man (must be the owner) was really nice. He was polite and everyone was asking for his business card. He did all the order taking and bringing your pizza out. Food was nice and hot when we got home (granted we live close by). Our pizza was nice because it was thin crust. My fave! The paddle sticks were chewy but the butter garlic parm sauce on the bottom was a nice dipping sauce for my pizza crust (like Papa Johns but better). Minor things to know - only open from 5-9 pm M-Sat, he takes card but prefers cash (he donates the change to the food bank), there's only one table in the parking lot (so take your pizzas to go), and bring your iPhone and ear plugs because I'll be back with my son and he will talk or sing your ear off. Ps. They do delivery (I saw two drivers speed away with food when I was there)
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,1/20/2014,86,67,9,12,9>This was a last minute decision for me to come here. I was actually going to go to Tasty Korean but I'd been wanting to try this place forever already and kept driving past it.. when I saw it today on my way to Tasty I thought to myself "today is the day!" and quickly turned in before passing it by again. Upon arrival I wasn't sure if it was a seat yourself type of restaurant as I couldn't find the waiters.. there was only one other table of two occupied, so I just found a seat and made myself comfortable. I'd say it took about five minutes, but honestly, once the owner came out he was SOOOOOOO nice and apologized for the wait and he made up for it. He even spoke Spanish... a real Mexican restaurant &hearts; yay! lol Not just that, but the food was so tasty and they obviously used nice, fresh, quality ingredients! They even had cilantro and they made our meals pretty quickly.I asked for the chimichanga upon recommendation which was covered in all kinds of yummy goodness and the dos tacos kids meal, which my son was begging for each bite "TACO TACO!!!" and he just devoured both of them! Let's say, I was surprised and content with that! In the end, I didn't even have to ask for a box (I had to get one because my chimichanga was sooo big!! haha). They just noticed I needed one and brought it to my table along with the check after confirming I was ready for it. My son get's kind of fussy lately if we leave drinks behind so I asked if he had a cup we could take and he was really nice about it and gave us one for my son's horchata. I was happy with this place. Not sure about the a/c.. they had one, but the window's were open. It could have been because they weren't busy, I'm not sure. It was a little warm for me, but I'm pregnant so I think my thermometer is a little more drastic than others. lolAnyway the only complaint I have is the parking lot... it's cramped and once you're in, you basically have to back out to get back on the street.5 stars for this place for kindness, and quality of food :) almost forgot to mention the free chips and salsa!! *bonus*
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,1/19/2014,58,80,11,15,12>I awake with the Makaha Sons' "take a walk in the country" refrain ringing out clear and bright in my head.  Hey!  Good idea on this holiday.I jump in Bessie II (my faithful ol' mule), and head out to the Windward side.  I'm thinking of Waiahole - Waikane.  The day is partly sunny, and radio tunage courtesy of Supertramp, Fleetwood Mac, Steve Miller Band, MFSB ("TSOP"), Atlanta Rhythm Section has got me remembering my younger days and drives around the island on days just such as these in a convoy of cars filled with friends.  Good times back then.  Good times.Waikane Store looks exactly like one of the images of "country" that comes to the mind of this island boy, and, I think, anyone who grew up in the islands.  It's your quintessential, prototypical, iconic country store.  The hand-painted wooden store sign indicates "est. 1898".  [!!]  The dusty dual glass doors and metal frame roughly fitted to the surrounding wood planking and boards look strangely out of place.  They look like they've been transplated from some 7-11 in town.Inside, you glance over the the sparsely stocked shelves looking immediately for the "fried chicken" and "famous sushi" proclaimed by the roadside sign.  I recall seeing several bags of sugar. And probably corn pone, hardtack, and rolls of linsey-woolsey material too had I looked closely [affectionate "heh heh"].A small kitchen was visible through an open door behind the counter, and a guy therein plying his craft.  Fourth-generation member of the founding family?  Fifth?  I respectfully smiled and waved to him.  He smiled genuinely and generously back, and said "thank you".  "Country heart", my dad used to say.The "fried chicken" is like mochiko chicken rather than karaage.  Boneless thigh meat with skin on and light and uneven crust (i.e. bare in spots).  Moist and tender.  Tasty.  Meat evidently soaked long enough for flavor to soak through.  About 4-5 pieces served in one of those small paper boats with the Hawaiian tapa print on the sides, and the whole thing Glad-wrapped.The sushi is maki sushi with shoyu-mirin flavored tuna, red shrimp powder, cooked carrot, and egg in the center on this day.  A 7" roll roughly cut into 10 uneven pieces all rolled in wax paper.  Its relatively loose construction, and hewn look adds to its charm.  Good.  Together with the chicken---better.Beyond the food, for the feeling you gave me today, the remembrances you revived in me, I am grateful.  Thanks Waikane Store.  I so needed that.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,1/18/2014,153,88,4,23,13>MW Restaurant is the undertaking of husband and wife, Chef Wade Ueoka and Chef Michelle Karr-Ueoka, recent alumni of Alan Wong's Restaurants. Both were born and raised in Hawaii, and recently named Hawaii's Rising Star Chefs.After months of preparation and training, their restaurant's doors finally opened last Thursday to the public. During the day, the sun floods through the tall windows, illuminating the untarnished dining room. Upon entering, you'll notice the bright lights, high ceiling, and open kitchen. Here, Chef Wade stands at the helm, overseeing each dish, while Chef Michelle works meticulously in her corner on her composed desserts. This is the new generation of HRC (Hawaii Regional Cuisine) chefs that continue to pave the way for Hawaii in the culinary world.Here is a 'tasting' of their menu:                                DRINKS (YUZU FIZZ & FEEL THE BEET ~ $11-12)My friend ordered the "Yuzu Fizz," which the waitress deemed their "Most Popular" drink. I found it to be slightly lackluster in flavor, and unfortunately, without 'fizz.' However, I had the "Feel the Beet," which was refreshing and very well-balanced. The drink consists of tequila, ginger, fresh lime, and homemade beet syrup. Tequila may not be my favorite drink of choice, but I couldn't have asked for a better way to start my day than with this drink.                                 FOOD (MOCHI CRUSTED MONCHONG---$22)The Mochi Crusted Monchong (Sickle Pomfret) was served over a bed of somen noodles, and a side of assorted homemade banchan, or Korean condiments. The dish was also accompanied by a Yuzu Kosho Soy Vinaigrette, in which I craved a more prominent kick from the yuzu kosho, a Japanese spice paste created from chilis, yuzu (citrus) peel, and salt. As a Korean, I found the condiments to be pretty spot-on, and I enjoyed having them prepared with my entree; it was comforting. The mochi crust on the monchong was light and airy, but unexpectedly addictive and well-paired with the moist and flakey fish.                                 FOOD (MENTAIKO PASTA ---$18) I gravitate towards anything with the words "mentaiko" or "egg" on any given menu, and this dish did not disappoint. This mentaiko pasta was luscious. I prefer my pasta al dente, but I savored each bite of this homemade fettucine tossed in a light and creamy mentaiko sauce. The soft poached Kaneshiro egg and additional bits of pork made it even better, while the karashi mustard provided a bit of earthy contrast to all the rich flavors.                                  FOOD (HOT "BLT" SANDWICH --- $16) Speaking of 'rich,' this may have been one of the most memorable lunch entrees on the menu, Chef Wade's reinterpretation of a BLT sandwich. Atop the thick-sliced homemade white bread rests wilted romaine lettuce, braised bacon (thick hunks of pork belly), baby tomato salad, and chicharrones, or fried pork rinds. The textures contrasted beautifully in this open-faced, hot sandwich; its flavors imparting a warmth in my then-half-empty stomach to my nurture-craving soul.                                   DESSERT (CARROT CAKE)This carrot cake was almost too pretty to eat. But, perhaps, not pretty enough, as we devoured it within minutes. Perfectly sweet, and not cloying, Chef Michelle's interpretation of a carrot cake came complete with the most delightful lemongrass sorbet, persimmon, and hearts of palm. I could eat this for breakfast each day, and my day would magically be better.                   DESSERT (WAILEA MEYER LEMON MERINGUE BRULEE)I saved the best for last: Chef Michelle's Wailea Meyer Lemon Meringue Brûlée. Taking a spin off of her award-winning Lilikoi Brûlée dessert at Alan Wong's Restaurant, this version has candied lemon, meyer lemon kanten (Japanese agar jelly or gelatin), sorbet, custard, and tapioca. Amazing, and very hard to share.**The service may need a little bit of work, as they are still in their first week of opening to the public, and the lighting may be too bright for romantic evening dates, but otherwise, I'm already exctited to go again and again and again!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,1/17/2014,512,228,15,17,16>Best Catering Experience.This year, I had to plan my company's 21st anniversary party. I literally looked up and found and communicated with EVERY caterer on this island. I am so happy I chose EAT HONOLULUThe Good* Jocelyn was so EASY and FUN to work with, she was cooperative and creative with what I wanted for the party and even helped me out according to my tight budget* Not to forget to mention she's a certified wine sommelier - so she helped me alot with selecting the wines for the party* Both Jocelyn and Chef David were very knowledgable about their tastes and foods that when they'd tell me about the great options I couldn't help but get excited and pee a little in my pants because I LOVE FOOD!* On the night of the party, they showed up and prepared everything on time. I really didn't have to do anything that night which was surprising because I was expecting to actually WORK instead of enjoying the party. I GOT TO ENJOY THE PARTY!*Their whole staff was attentive, friendly, professional, and enjoyable.* This was an all-pupu party.*Beef tataki was hands-down my favorite*Caprese Crostini was so good too!The Bad* The size of my stomach because I WANTED TO EAT MORE!The Weird* Literally everything I set into my mouth at the party was so delicious (as dirty as that sounds.. but it's true!!)I received countless compliments on how good the catering was for this party, and it just reassures me that I went with the right caterer :)!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,1/16/2014,431,169,23,19,14>I know it would've been inappropriate, but I really wish I wore a bikini to dinner at Ichiriki. It gets HOT. My friends and I were peeling off our layers as the vapors from the nabe pots created a steam-room ambiance.Ladies, DO NOT go on a first date here. Make sure you accompany your man here on a comfy 23rd date because YOU WILL perspire like sauna Psy in the Gangnam Style music video. I don't like being hot. When I was a kid, I was convinced I was a penguin in a past life because I've always been happiest in air conditioning. However, I would gladly tie my hair in a ball to partake in the delicious meat balls drenched in that savory nabe broth. Oh dear, those meatballs! If you're a fan of pork hash filling (who isn't?), you'll love those meat balls! My Favorites: - Spicy Tuna Wraps- French Fries (doesn't mesh well, but so tasty I'd do it again!)- Mushroom Nabe- Ujikintoki (if you order this with ice cream, it's a small little ball stuffed in the center)
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,1/15/2014,450,125,7,12,9>YOU CAN TASTE THE FRESHNESSI went here this past weekend, and had a very tasty and fresh tasting drink with my friends.  In this upcoming hot summer season, I could see myself stopping by this cute little drink stand for a healthy drink.  I love that the drinks are naturally flavored with no artificial sugars and it tastes amazing!!!!!!! Definitely not too sweet, but not sour or bitter at all!!! (yelp.com/biz_photos/leah…)DRINKSI have only had two drinks so far (yelp.com/biz_photos/leah… ):Jamaican Mojito: MMMMMmmm I could still taste the minty flavor in my mouth.  ***IT'S A VIRGIN DRINK.  I love mojitos and this this virgin and healthy twist to it was perfect!  I could drink this all day!  The green icy smoothie with some coconut flakes for added texture and the fresh mint made a perfect combination to mimic the traditional Mojito and keeping it natural.  I absolutely love it!!!! This would be the first drink I would recommend to anyone.  Breakfast Smoothie:   It was very delicious, you could taste the different fruits in the drink and you knew it was made with fresh fruits.  I loved it.  It was definitely a filling drink.  It was made really thick and got me full for a little bit.  The name really fit its taste.  It definitely tasted like a blended up breakfast fruit bowl.  LOVE LOVE LOVEThe -1, the only reason why a star was deducted was due to a mixture of little faults.  Parking was a little hard because there was only one small parking lot and there are so many small businesses in the area.  We had to squeeze in a tight stall in a packed parking lot and there was only one man at the smoothie place.  All the other cars must have been at the other businesses.  We also didn't even know you could park right in front of the place where it's paved.  There aren't any lines or signs differentiating where to go.  Another down fall was the worker that day.  She seemed a bit distracted and not very present with us.  She may have been smiling and acting happy, but while we started to order, she turned to her iPhone/iPod and just nodded her head.  I wasn't sure if she was even paying attention or moving to the music.  I felt unsure if she even got our order.  I had to make sure we reminded her once her device was put down. Overall, I still would return.  I really want to try all their drinks from this place and continue updating my review.  I recommend this place to everyone and anyone, unless you are allergic to healthy fresh fruits and natural ingredients.   It's a cute little "shack" on the side of the road and it's loaded with amazing drinks!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,1/14/2014,148,297,23,29,24>Me before the running room:  Pink running shoes? Yes please!Me after the running room: Are those the right type of shoes to train for a half marathon in?Before becoming quite serious about running, I though I knew my running shoe size (5) and what type of running shoe I needed (cute). Boy was I wrong! So my good friend and running teammate Zara yelled at me "You need to get new running shoes! And the RIGHT running shoes!" So off to The Running Room I went!First off, there is a lot of parking. Yay! Second of all, all of the employees are so helpful and friendly. They knew so much about running it was amazing! Gaston was so great and watched me run a couple of times and gave me different types of shoes to run in to fix my running problems. It was awesome! I've never had this type of customer service before!Besides running shoes, The Running Room also has lots of running gear, energy bars, gels, water bottles, etc. They have everything you need for whatever race you may be training for!During my trip to the running room I learned that you usually need a whole size bigger than what you would normally wear in a sandal type shoe and what type of running shoe I should be training in. And a whole size bigger doesn't mean a whole inch bigger like most people think. Gaston filled my head with so much cool and helpful info I felt like I just passed Running Room 101!Now that I'm training for a half marathon, I feel confident that I can train well knowing I'm in the correct shoe. I can't thank Gaston and The Running Room enough!TIP: Bring in your old running shoes so they can see what you've run in before. It can help them put you in your perfect running shoe today!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,1/13/2014,231,559,32,35,36>Those who read my reviews know that my car (ok, maybe it's me the driver...) does not like to venture west past the airport viaduct. Lately, one thing or another takes me west... And my goodness! I'm heading north now...to a  five star north side icon with great food and bake stuff!Looking for their homemade apple pie. FLAKY FLUFFY  crust and not too sweet apple filling. So, I took orders from my office.... Okay, 6 pies to go.... While I'm waiting I order some lunch. This time I try sweet sour spare ribs with rice, and I ask to have my potato Mac salad on a separate plate....( their plates!!!! The green and yellow melimac  plates like they had in the school cafeteria)  I ordered stuffed cabbage rolls too (and it was plated on those heavy ceramic plates, like the old M's Ranch House)Home cooked style  food with their workers who serve you as if you were in their dining room...You clear your own table and leave your plates in the plastics tray. Used utensils go in a separate container. Don't make a mistake or you might get a scolding.The daily paper is there to read....put it back as you found it (yep! Or you may get a scolding)Parking? Best you get there after the breakfast rush and before or after the noon hour, or you may have to park in the park...(nope! Not a pun on words but you would park at the park's parking lot right next to Sunnyside. Oh, they have outside to go window service too. Paper plate style....a definite worth the drive!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,1/12/2014,291,218,4,9,3>Pretty cool place!  I had never been to this spot when it was Varsity, so I can't compare the new with the old.  Typical bar.  Plenty of places to sit.  Apparently they have over 60 tap selections of beer, but I don't drink beer soooo.  Unfortunately, they don't offer flights of beer so you can sample a few at once--which is something I would think they plan on doing in the future.Apparently they collaborated with/got help from the owner of REAL gastropub to make Tropics Tap House.  The menu is super affordable.  Slider plates that come with french fries or onion rings were around $8-12.  I wouldn't recommend the onion rings.  WAY too much batter which made them unbelievably oily.  The chicken wing portion is HUGE for the price, but they are gigantic wings (not the small ones that you normally get at say Buffalo Wild Wings).  This does make them really awkward, difficult, and messy to eat..  I kind of wish they just had regular sized mini wings. To their credit, the mojito wings are delicious and the ranch sauce (I think it's made from scratch?) is really good!Tacos on Tuesdays (I believe from 5-8) are only $1 for chicken, $1 for beef, and $2 for pork carnitas.  The beef and chicken are standard, but the pork carnitas are definitely worth the extra dollar.  CASH ONLY for the tacos!!!  Only thing missing from the tacos was sour cream, but for the price I guess that's asking too much.  They put really hot, hot sauce on the tacos by default--so if you don't like super spicy foods tell them not to put on the hot sauce!  I didn't know this when I ordered...One last thing, the bathroom on the left is the men's bathroom.  Bathroom on the right is the women's bathroom.  In case you're not sure what the gender symbols are.  :D  (Not sure why they didn't just put a stick figure on the front like everywhere else).*update: it appears they took off the gender symbols. Too many drunk people walking into the wrong bathroom?
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,1/11/2014,192,124,9,13,8>So I had to let this visit marinade for a while. I had a couple of reasons for this: 1) a review for an amazing place cannot be something that is rushed, 2) had to write later on in order to appreciate how good their food was, and 3) I didn't want to be craving Cafe Kaila so soon after, because it would drive me crazy and pancakes and breakfast foods don't look too good on my love handles. I had the combo during my outing here. After waiting for what seemed like eternity (probably because I was hungry and so excited to see what the hype was about at this establishment) we were called in. Which reminds me, don't park right in front of the place, because some family was leaning on my sister's polished car like it was their own. What the heck. //End rant.Anyways, got a coffee, got a little entertainment from watching a little japanese tourist kid doing a I'M-SO-HAPPY-WE-JUST-GOT-OUR-FOOOOOOD-DANCE, and most importantly got OUR FOOD. I got the combo, a nice balance of salty food food, and sweet and savory sweet breakfast food. Scrambled eggs, portuguese sausage, and pancakes with whipped cream and strawberries (I asked for it to go with the pancakies). The perfect combination. I didn't get tired of either thing, as I alternated between eating the eggs and pancakes.Let's seriously talk about the pancakes though. Sure, you think, "Pancakes are, well, pancakes." But let's be for real about Cafe Kaila's pancakes. They are exceptionally fluffy (think Despicable Me, "THEY'RE SO FLUFFY" type of fluffy), melt-in-your-mouth, so good you don't need syrup type of pancakes. They are absolutely unreal, and like nothing I ever have had before. If I were to have my Master's degree in the art of pancake making, I'd bet nothing I could have ever made would measure up to this one. Food is not only spot on, so is the people working there. They are friendly, on top of it with coffee and water refills, and they were a smile despite having a constant barrage of hungry customers. They are pretty amazing in itself. Definitely will come here again, maybe on a day that I'm off in order to avoid the excess crowd so I can get straight to the eats!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,1/10/2014,271,401,7,11,7>Sunflower Adventures.Before any adventure, it's always good to plan ahead... For us though, we winged it. Ended up around North Shore after passing rain so bad we had to slow down on the roads.We finally found out where the other sunflower fields were and looked up directions. For some reason Google maps have different locations that are incorrect. It's the exit going to West Oahu, not Makakilo, why'd sunflower fields be up there in the first place? You'll know you're on the right path because there are signs along the way telling you which direction to go and if you miss that... Oops!Going off the road, we fit the venue, pay two dollars for parking. If you get lucky, a stall will open up as you turn in, that's what happened.I would recommend wearing closed-toed shoes. A lot of dirt, and it will get both your feet and footwear dirty. Entrance fee was the only thing that needed to be paid, you can walk-in and see what they got (instagram.com/p/fbcS7ont…, instagram.com/p/fbcbFKnt…). There's scripts if you wanted to go on some rides. There was a stage with a live performance, and of course food.Aside from pumpkins and sunflowers, they had sweet corn! Since we came around 3 p.m. we figured the good ones have already been picked. Along with a sunflower, I wanted to get myself a pumpkin, but didn't. On the flowers, there were bees! You wouldn't want to disturb them. It took a while but I found a flower I liked (instagram.com/p/fbcbFKnt…).Another recommendation, bring tools to help detach the flower or pumpkin. It took us a while to detach it. We even thought to ask a worker, but didn't see any around. What we ended up using was a key. If it works, use it.Oh, for October babies, you can have the sunflower for free! I was so happy! If not, it's a $2 charge. Don't abuse. Payments are at the exit, not sure if it's cash only, but it's safe to have.Exiting, is not the same way you enter, there's another path to follow. There should be signs.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,1/8/2014,865,217,37,53,47>Ono Kimchee has been on my to-try list ever since a patient of mine had recommended it last year. They're open daily from 7am-9pm (per their take-out menu). - Call ahead, since it's usually a 15min wait for your food or poke order. It's a one-woman show.- No dining area. Take-out only.- Everything is MSG-free. Located right next to Ke'eaumoku Seafood.yelp.com/biz_photos/ono-…Kenny F. and I were both craving some good kimchi to go along with our soju one night, so we paid owner Jan a visit. She was so sweet and friendly that we ended up walking out with a pound of spicy poke and a large container of kimchi. She even threw in a beautiful ripe mango for free!- Prices varies depending on the size and type of kimchi you want. - For baechu/cabbage kimchi, it was $6.50 for the small container, $10 for the large. We got the large container, since it was a better deal.- Although we both agreed that the kimchi was tasty, it just wasn't as sour (fermented), nor as salty as I'd hoped for.   I also think I got more picky about how I like my kimchi, after having kimchi in Seoul. I will be back to try out the other kimchi varieties for sure.In addition to the traditional cabbage kimchi, there's many other varieties all packed and ready to go. 2 huge refrigerators full of an assortment of kimchi and other pickled vegetables. yelp.com/biz_photos/ono-…- Cucumber kimchi stuffed w/chives and sea asparagus- Chonggak kimchi (baby radish kimchi)- Kkakdugi (cubed radish kimchi)- White Cabbage Kimchi- Dongchimi  (white radish water kimchi)- Mustard leaf - Sea Asparagus & Chives- Chives Kimchi- Pickled Garlic Kimchi- Pickled seaweed ***also has ready-to-go seasonal banchan/side dishes avail as well***SPICY POKE (market price, ours was $19 per pound): yelp.com/biz_photos/ono-…All poke and sashimi are made-to-order. I asked for "extra spicy" and Jan delivered - with fresh chopped habaneros!!yelp.com/biz_photos/ono-…The ahi was so fresh and delicious! The nuttiness from the chopped kukui nut paired so well with the naturally-salty sea asparagus. The extra pinch of sea salt was perfect and very much appreciated (I hate bland poke). Jan also makes her own FISH JERKY (aku, ahi, tako, salmon & hamachi).yelp.com/biz_photos/ono-…Different flavors of fish jerky: - ginger- kimchi - bulgogi - sweet glaze I'm a dried aku fan, so definitely will be back to try that! There's a pretty extensive menu ranging from plate lunches to kimchi jjigae. Catering and sashimi platters are also avail. yelp.com/biz_photos/ono-…Rice Plates & Seafood Plates menu yelp.com/biz_photos/ono-…Soups, stews, seafood bowls and fresh sashimi platter menuyelp.com/biz_photos/ono-…Donburi Bowls & seafood burgers too!yelp.com/biz_photos/ono-…As mentioned earlier, there's no dining area, so it's basically only take-out. Call ahead and allow a 15-20 min wait for food orders, since it's just a one-woman show.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,1/7/2014,196,182,28,31,32>5 stars for the best prime rib on the island!  Came for a birthday celebration....mine of course so my choice!  Here at 5:00 on Sunday with a party of eight.  No reservations here but since we were all there they seated us immediately.  Beautiful view, no ka oi!  Ordered a giant Mai Tai for two since we weren't driving....yummo.Started out with the first four appetizers on the menu.  Calamari (5), Seared Ahi (5), Original Poke (5), Escargot (5).  All well done however the escargot was prepared differently than I have had in the past and I was surprised by how much I liked it.  Regular butter, garlic in the ceramic six puka dish but this also had a generous pesto base AND covered with Gruyere cheese.  OUTSTANDING!We were all over the menu for entries, Chinese style fish, Teriyaki Sirloin, Blackened Ahi, King Crab Legs and of course two prime rib orders.  The prime rib comes in one size, HUGE, bone-in and beautiful.  A piece of meat that would make any carnivore deliriously happy.  Make mine medium rare and leave me alone to make orgasmic noises at the end of the table!  I am not shy about my meat.....or my Mai Tais, must admit we had two of those giant things floated with 151 rum OMG.We ordered five different deserts which were all excellent.  This was a fabulous place to have a birthday dinner.  Great food, great service, great view!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,1/6/2014,483,289,25,29,21>Croissants: Good.  Donuts: Gooood.  Cronuts: OMNOMNOMNOM!!!!!OH YEAH!!+ CRONUTS!!!+ Fresh and flavorful+ CRONUTS!!!!+ Traditional as well as novel flavors+ CRONUTS!!!!!!!OH NO!!- Not cheap- New business kinks to work out- Slow moving lineOH MY?!* Opening day woes...If you haven't heard of the wonder that is the crount, it is a donut made using croissant dough.  Deep fried like a regular donut, it comes out crispy and flaky on the outside, and soft and airy on the inside.  Now top that with your preferred donut topping, like chocolate and sprinkles, and you're good to go!  This is what CroDough Hawaii has managed to bring to Hawaii, and I'm glad for it.CroDough is a brand new truck on the block.  This past Saturday was their very first day of business.  The first I had heard of this fabulous truck was at a recent UYE, which was very awesome by the way, when one of our fellow Yelpers brought a box of cronuts to share with everyone.  When we found out that they were soon to be opening we were sure to follow @crodoughhawaii on the usual social media outlets to get word of when they'd be going live on the streets.  Thank goodness the wait was not a long one.  Just a couple of days later the tweet went out!  Needless to say, we tried to spread the word, and some of us managed to get down to the truck.Unfortunately, due to opening day woes, bad luck, ill-preparedness, gremlins, etc. their intended 9:00 am opening ended up turning into something more like an 11:00 am opening.  The line formed along the sidewalk, and the wait continued.  After quite a wait, the cronuts were attained!  The flavors offered up on opening day were Cookie Bacon, Strawberrys & Cream, Cacao Peppermint, Chocolate Sprinkle, Wasabi Coconut, and Honey Toast.  Each cronut was about 3" x 3" and were a couple inches high, depending on the topping/filling.  At $5-$6 each it's a bit pricey.  Regardless of price, I got on of each.  That's just how I roll. :PAbsolutely delicious!  That's all I can say.  You've seriously got to try them for yourselves to see what it's all about!  I'm just hoping that the long wait, and the opening day troubles were just that.  Those rowdy gremlins up to their usual hijinks.  I would really love to see this new local business survive and thrive, so I hope they can put those opening day woes behind them, and become a lean, mean cronut machine!  I'm looking forward to my next cronut fix!!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,1/5/2014,26,89,5,9,6>I've been super curious to see how this shop would look... so after eating our weight in ice cream at Bubbies, my friend and I decided to walk over and take a peak.When writing a review for a coffee shop, one might think that the ambiance would be dark and artsy, especially considering this is also a pipe shop-- Smokey's breaks the mold on this one. It is light and airy, with a very contemporary design. It feels like you are stopping by at your rich friend's house for a drink... the counter tops are granite, the wooden cabinets and tables are dark. There are some high top tables and some funky couches and chairs, it is a place where hanging around is encouraged. My friend got an iced tea, and while I was too full for anything to drink, i couldn't pass on the free tasting of kava... which i had never tried before. It was definitely interesting, I will need to try it again with the flavor additions. The staff seems knowledgeable and friendly. Will stop by again.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,1/4/2014,91,110,6,9,7>OODLES of NOOOOOOODLES! Put that cup ramen down my friend and head over to Goma Tei! Authentic noodles! Not made in house, but most likely at least from a local factory.Service 5/5:It took about two minutes for me and my home boys to decide what we wanted to eat and the server was pretty much there to take our order. Food comes out fast because it can be made by bigger batches, so give it about 5-10 minutes. No longer than it would take for you to make good instant noodles. Though obviously the taste is an entirely different experience.Food 4/5:I think it may seem a bit harsh, but I think their simplicity makes the food lack in flavor and toppings. The charshiu is actually rolled, tied, and boiled in what might just be water. With no strong broth and without being rubbed with any type of seasoning or marinade it comes out to be dry and most likely even plain in flavor. The actual bowl that comes out is good though, but it's unfortunate that I can tell how the other things have been cooked.Overall:The service is quick. Seating is almost always available within 5-10 minutes. Food is pretty good if you're not picky and it's actually not really loud in the restaurant so you can hold a good conversation with someone without anyone else overhearing which is great. If you haven't tried this place, I think you should. There's nothing to lose. It's like $11 per bowl. Try it.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,1/3/2014,231,162,7,14,7>Hokkaido Ramen Santouka is a cute and trendy little ramen place that has sprouted up in Ezogiku's former location by Don Quijote. Gary N. and I arrived early for lunch and were fortunate because we didn't have to wait long to snag a table at what seems to be the new cool kid ramen spot in Honolulu.I ordered the Toriniku Shio Ramen, and I thoroughly enjoyed the thick greasy yet almost gritty texture of the shio broth very much because it tastes as if it's loaded with extremely unhealthy pig fat. I tried some of Gary's Kara Miso broth, which is much more loaded and bulky when it comes to flavor, and it has a nice kick to it without being overly spicy. The noodles are firm and chewy. Yay!The toriniku is quite good, but you can't go wrong with luscious buttery velvet sliced pork. The aji-tama is good, but a little overcooked and rubbery.We also shared the loco moco, which consists of toriniku, a slow poached egg, and a dollop of salty gravy all over a fluffy bed of rice. This dish is simple and totally unnecessary, but it's fun and could easily be a meal in itself.Will HRS dethrone Yotteko Ya's as the best ramen place in Hawaii? I dunno. The ramen purists may disagree and say HRS is crap, inferior and grossly overpriced compared to ramen in Japan, but hey, this is Hawaii; the real stuff is just not going to happen here. It is a little spendy for ramen, but I think it's worth it, considering the generous portions and the overall quality of the product.As for service...well, we were served. I think we experienced all of the typical new restaurant kinks that have yet to be ironed out, but at least the servers were friendly. I recommend arriving early and getting your name of the wait list ASAP before the lunch/dinner rush because by the time we left (12:30PM), it was really shitstormy outside.CASH ONLY and no take out for now!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,1/2/2014,1750,731,11,20,18>Spare the extra gas money and skip the lengthy trip to North Shore bc there's an awesome shrimp (and seafood) truck on Kapahulu! It's pretty hard to miss...It's big and blue... And across the street from Crane Park, in the parking lot on the corner of Kapahulu and Kaimuki avenues.(I can't believe I just tried this place yesterday... But I guess better late than never!)If you're looking for a satisfying meal, the plates here are extremely fulfilling. Plates come with 2 scoops of white or brown (+$.50) rice and a choice of toss or potato salad. CLAM PASTA ($10.95) yelp.com/biz_photos/blue…with a lemon caper sauce and garlic bread! FTW! The presentation was beautiful! And even though it was in a take-out container, it didn't look like the usual run-of-the mill type of plate lunch. And it wasn't! The pasta was fab -- light, but flavorful and not craycray-oily! I would definitely order this again and recommend this for other (seafood) pasta enthusiasts!GARLIC SHRIMP (6 pc $7.95; 9 pc $10.95) yelp.com/biz_photos/blue…Define your spice level: spicy, medium or mild.The sauce is divine - garlicky goodness with the right amount of spice. I could just mop the sauce-drenched rice! YUM. The shrimps I had were cooked perfectly. :) I ate 'em with the skin on, but feel free to peel 'em if you like.THE BETTER BURGER ($5.95) yelp.com/biz_photos/blue…I'm not as much of a burger person as I am a sausage / hot dog gal, but I enjoyed it. It came with all the right fixings like lettuce, tomatoes, onions and PICKLES. It's a pretty standup burger for a shrimp and seafood truck.VERDICTTwo enormous and enthusiastic thumbs up.I'm impressed with the flavorful homecooked taste and restaurant-quality presentation of the dishes I've tried. I can't believe this is a truck! Also, the prices are pretty reasonable, considering the portions and quality of the food. A definite must-try.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,1/1/2014,202,567,6,16,10>This is my 500th review!  I've been deliberating who should get this honor.  Wat Buddhajakramongkovararam aka "Wat Thai Pearl City" or "Wat Pearl" seemed a deserving candidate.  During Buddhist Lent, for 3 months starting August, they serve yummy Thai food every Sunday between 9am-1pm.  They also have some fresh produce for sale.  Bring cash.  So get on over there before you miss the window.The ladies preparing & serving the food were warm & friendly.  The offered us tastes of various items.  Everything I tried was delicious & I bought it.  I also got a rice plate with spare ribs & a dish of pork with boiled eggs in a shoyu style broth for $7.  Ate only a portion & took the rest home.  The fried bananas were amazing!  Is there mochiko in the batter??  Loved the sesame seeds.  Got a hefty amount for $5.  They even tasted great when reheated later.My 2nd dessert (who says there should only be 1 dessert??!) was a pumpkin stuffed with custard for $5.  Yum!They have a couple long tables with chairs under a tent for your dining pleasure.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,12/31/2013,35,72,5,10,5>Stopped in during happy hour; and since only well liquor and beer was the happy hour special, I decided to just get one of their signature cocktails. I opted for the Grass skirt margarita @ $8, not too bad for this awesome concoction. While not a fan of a margarita, I had to try something which was a specialty item to see how it measured up. Definitely would recommend it - the coconut creme made it perfectly balanced.However, a happy hour should at least perhaps extend a $1 or so off of the specialty drinks and superior/call liquor. I believe they would get a better turn out during 4-6pm. I mean, who drinks well liquor these days anyway, and do you really want to get a bad headache from cheap swill?  :-)The "No Fuss" burger was excellent tasting and cooked as per my request. Nothing like grass fed beef, clean and pure. It came with house cured pickles that I could have had more of, it was that yummy. In addition, the burger came with Belgian cut fries and 3 dipping sauces. My fave of the 3 was the Maytag Blue Cheese/Mayo for certain!  I am not a fan of anything Chipotle or of the sweet mustard variety which made up the other 2 sauces.All in all though, the food and cocktail were great, and the customer service matched the meal. Dave the bartender did a superb job checking in on me throughout my dining experience.PS - their bar edamame and house made chips are noteworthy as well.I shall return!Patrick :-)
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,12/29/2013,419,110,15,31,17>Just a quick update!So, yes, my second update/third review about Laka Skin Care and Spa...Excessive? ...Yes, I'm sorryNecessary? ...You bet!Obsessive? ...OHHHH YEAH! I hope they don't read every single review on here just because when I come in, they'll just want to put a restraining order on me! EEP!Nonetheless, this is a short update about their customer service and their ever-changing services to accommodate their clients.Customer Service:I am notorious for calling Laka Spa multiple times in a day. Since I know that the front desk staff are usually all over the spa attending to clients, touring them around, keeping the area neat as neat can be, I totally understand that they do not pick up every single time I call. However, they do make it a habit to check their messages and return the caller's phone call as efficiently as possible. I have observed this on the receiving end where the front desk would call me as early as a minute after my call to ten minutes after (once again, completely understandable). I have also observed this while on location at the spa. I would be sitting in the waiting area at the couches or taking my time putting my spa slippers on coming out of the tatami room when I (not eavesdrop) overhear the front desk quickly reviewing messages and returning calls as soon as they've done so with the information requested in the message already in hand.I used to work for two spas, so my expectations as a client is certainly higher than those who haven't previously worked at a spa -- or at least my friends.So, whenever I mention these instances and observations, their visit and perception is heightened greatly. Now, about their changes in services:This sounds bad, and NO they did not change the types of treatments drastically, not to worry -- their prices are relatively the same as well. But this is the overview of their change to their gift certificate purchasing process.Usually, I'd have to go to the spa in person or call over the phone to purchase a gift certificate, but, they have a new system that allows you to purchase the gift certificate online.You are able to choose the background of the certificate, add a personalized message (with a character limit), and preview the certificate before sending it off either through e-mail (OMG! Life is so amazing!) or to printing it out yourself to give it to the recipient.You may include a value amount on to the gift certificate or choose the specific spa treatment you would like for your lucky recipient. You are also given the option to add gratuity with the options from 15% and higher. It will calculate the total for you as well (so put that calculator away!). :)Their services are above par and I can say with confidence as a spa-nerd/spa-addict that Laka Skin Care and Spa are doing it right! I commend them for always growing, expanding - all in the name of their customers - and continuing to be as friendly, humble and overall amazing. Kudos to the owner, staff, and treatment specialists!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,12/28/2013,350,75,6,7,7>Hurray! Out of my Catcave this morning after being locked away for sometime now! That's what having a sprained ankle does I suppose. But today I was feeling a bit less limpy and totally stir crazy! Enter my big brother, Henry M. to ask if i'd like to do breakfast. Yes, yes! Let's go RIGHT MEOW!I've been to Yogurstory a couple of times before, but I hadn't had breakfast there since they redecorated and redid the menu. I arrived there admiring the atmosphere and Henry came walking up, right when I was telling the waitress there was another person in my party. Great timing! I wanted to sit upstairs (so nice and pretty!) but she seated us a little to the side on the bottom, probably because she noticed my bandaged ankle. Sat down and ordered our drinks- Taro latte for him and green tea latte fo...WAIT! MIMOSA?! Hold up, wait a minute- lets break out the bubbly instead! Impressed that they offered traditional and one with guava juice! The taro latte was creamy and delicious, kinda reminded me of ube ice cream. And my traditional mimosa made me a very happy girl. :DWe talked for a good minute (or 15), then finally looked down at our menu. Uh-oh. Our dilemma- eggs benedict or waffles? After going through all of our options 3 times, we decided to both get our own benedict, and order a chantilly waffle to split. Perfection! He lucked out and was able to order the last crab cake benedict, while I got the garden benedict (in lieu of the Santa Monica, which is no longer on the menu). I received mine first but I don't like to dig in by myself so kept talking until he received his dish as well. Took pictures and was finally about to bite in when I noticed a perfectly curled up black hair on top of my dish. O_o It honestly almost looked like an intentional garnish, so I found it slightly amusing. Calmly sent it back and received a fresh plate with sincere apologies, and went on to enjoy my meal. I was having a great time, no need to get too hung up on a hiccup, right?Everything aesthetically pleasing, seasoned well and delicious! The chantilly waffle was just sweet enough and not completely drenched. Even came with a couple of puffs to go an top! So cute! Portions were just enough to take home leftovers, so you feel you had your money's worth. And the service was great- he checked on us multiple times and didn't show any aggravation when we were never ready because we were non-stop chatting. Appreciated because we had a lot of catching up to do, haha! So 4 stars for Yogurstory- I like what you're doing, but just watch the unintentional add-ins! ;)
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,12/27/2013,55,212,4,8,6>Hy's, the pinnacle of steak houses, is a longstanding Waikiki establishment with a great reputation and high price tag.Over the weekend I had an opportunity to dine for dinner at this reputable steak house on Kuhio Avenue, my first visit ever. Thank you hubby for taking a gamble with Netflix shares where recently it has exploded BIG time (Cha-Ching)!  Hy's friendly staff immediately welcomed us along with the lovely sounds of Audy Kimura. His guitar and soft voice complimented the ambiance of this fine dining restaurant. The centerpiece of the main dining room is their grilling station which is enclosed and surrounded by glass. How exciting to watch the master chef grilling beautiful cuts of meat over the Kiawe wood fire. All the meat and seafood is grilled over this custom made brass and copper cauldron to perfection. At first I was taken back by the seemingly old style decor but after hearing the soothing music of Audy, it made me feel right at home. Throughout the interior of this restaurant, the walls are covered in dark wood paneling and moldings along with framed art work. The decor is very classy yet elegant. This steak house has a fine selection of prime grade cuts of beef with New York strip, Porterhouse T-bone, Delmonico and Filet Mignon along with their famous rack of lamb.My calling was to order the beef tenderloin with black truffle sauce and garlic mashed potatoes for $33.95. This dish was prepared with sauteed morsels of tender beef and served with pancetta (Italian bacon) and pearl onions in a savory truffle sauce. It was absolutely delicious along with the warm and soft cheese bread. My hubby, who loves his meat, ordered the 28 ounce Porterhouse T-bone steak for $68.95. 1-1/2 pounds of meat! I was relieved when he ordered the 28 ounce versus the enormous 34 ounce T-bone steak for $79.95. Whew!  His medium-rare tender T-bone steak was cooked to perfection. He enjoyed it so much there was not a single piece of meat left on his plate, not even on the bone.  Even though we both were completely stuffed, I could not possibly turn down dessert. Banana Foster was on my mind all week long so it was a MUST to try it. Their specialty flambe dessert priced at $16.75 per person was prepared by our waiter at our table. The beautiful buttery, sugary rum sauce with bananas was poured over a large scoop of vanilla ice cream. This was divine!!  Hy's has a big reputation to live up to and we really felt that they achieved that. The standard of service and their superb steaks were outstanding!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,12/26/2013,42,103,5,12,6>I decided to come try this place since it has such a high Yelp rating. Came here on the weekend and it wasn't too crowded. I ordered a regular shave ice with green tea and li hing mui, no toppings. I liked the fact that they seem to be very green judging by the type of bowls, forks, and napkins they use.First thing I noticed is their cute and unique way of making shave ice! They fill your bowl to the brim with ice, add syrup. And then they plop a separate ball of ice on top and add syrup (this may or may not differ depending on the size you get). I think this is a really nice method as to ensure that you get syrup with each and every bite. And if you get toppings like dream sauce or ice cream, I believe they make a sort of "ice sandwich" on top. Too cute!As others have mentioned, their syrups are homemade and taste natural with no artificial flavors. My green tea was very nice, among the best on the island to boot. The li hing mui was not the kind I'm used to. When thinking li hing mui, I prefer the same flavor as the red powder. However, this one tastes more like chan pei mui (that Chinese candy with the blue and white wrapper). But it was still good!Another thing to comment is the hospitality. While I had NO idea what Uncle Clay was like (no, I didn't read most of the reviews) it was a bit of a surprise. Our ordering process was normal fare but as we sat down, we were greeted by a man whom I recognized as Uncle Clay. Oh, okay. He was conversing with customers whom I thought was his friends. We finished eating and Uncle Clay asked us how it was and then he introduced us to his "friends". And then he introduced another table of customers to us and it was at this moment I realized, they weren't his friends but his customers. And we began this small talk session which lasted for about 5-10 minutes before we could leave. While he's very nice, I agree that sometimes it can get a bit too comfortable. The restaurant name is very fitting; it feels like you're visiting your uncle instead of a business.The prices are a little higher than the average shave ice joint as they make their own syrups from scratch. This place is well worth all the 5 stars though and you should at least try it once. Just make sure you come when you have time to spare. I'm keen on coming back to try their more unique flavors (Tahitian vanilla? Apple kale? Wow!).Extra note: If you like sweets, the syrups might not be sweet enough for you depending on what flavor you get because they're all natural. But the mango and strawberry flavors I sampled really tasted like their fruit counterparts! It's the first time I've had strawberry shave ice where the strawberry tastes like real strawberries and not the artificial kind. And the syrup is full of the strawberry seeds and it gets scattered all over your ice which looks so cute lol!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,12/25/2013,380,335,6,9,5>Sara's tips for Skydiving:1. Don't go skydiving if your sinuses are clogged. You wont' be able to breathe very well because of the lack of oxygen in the atmosphere that high up. 2. Get photos. The photographers at Pacific Skydiving do a good job. It's a little pricey but it'll be worth it. Trust me. Even if it's just because you need proof that you jumped out of a plane for heaven's sake, fork up the $$$! 3. Ladies, listen to their advice on appropriate clothing. I was a dumbass and didn't. Instead, I wore a tanktop and I felt like my girls were going to give the camera guy a show. Wear a T-shirt. At least I partially listened to them and wore long pants. 4. When you're in the plane with the group of people you're diving with, if you're nervous, try to make conversation. It eases the tension. 5. Not really a tip, but, I highly encourage you to try sky diving. It's definitely a worthy bucket list item. I've been bungee jumping as well and would recommend skydiving over bungee jumping any day. I was highly satisfied with the service at Pacific Skydiving. My tandem master Marcelo and camera man Wally were both very cordial and reassuring throughout the entire experience. They explained the appropriate measures one should take when skydiving aka. arch your back when jumping, etc. They may not have been the most talkative, but they said what they needed to at the right times aka. when I may have been getting a teensy bit nervous looking at how high we were. The free fall is terrifyingly amazing (if you get what I mean lol). Clouds are rushing by you and you're surrounded by crystal blue sky. I had a little stuffy nose when I went so as I mentioned in tip 1, it was a little difficult to breathe. In fact that was my main concern, not how far up I was or the fact that I was plummeting down to the ground from 14,000 ft. Then once the parachute is released, you float down nice and easy, absorbing the magnificent scenery and thanking God that your parachute opened and has not yet malfunctioned. Skydiving is definitely something you should try in Hawaii if you seek an adrenaline rush. The scenery is gorgeous and you seriously feel like you're flying amidst the clouds! It's a bird, it's a plane, it's suuuuuuuuuper skydiving Sara!!! Yatta!!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,12/24/2013,179,128,7,8,6>I've died and found Moses!Literally.... Moses at Salon Blanc gave me a quick cut that I was extremely happy with, and as promised, I'm giving him his well deserved review.I happened to buy a really good deal on Groupon, and I must have lucked out, because I was originally scheduled with another stylist.  Moses took me as the other guy was running quite late.  I won't lie, I was a little apprehensive at first.....  Moses is a young clean cut guy, and I didn't know what to expect.  But he was very professional, took a look and ran his fingers through my hair, asked what I wanted and off to the shampoo bowl we went.He gave a pretty UH MAZING head massage ( I appreciate the dudes because their nails are generally much shorter and well groomed ).  I asked him to retexture my hair with some layers without sacrificing too much of my length, and he did exactly that.  My side swept bangs were perfectly swept, and I walked out feeling like a rockstar.Moses let me know that they do complimentary bang trims.... sold!  I'll be back for my little piece of hair heaven.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,12/23/2013,154,328,4,9,5>Over the weekend, I had the pleasure of getting together with a few friends to celebrate a friend's belated 29th birthday. My friend Sharon H. suggested we go to Chef Chai's for the celebration.......... Now how can I say no to this? Sharon has always been pretty "spot on" with da grind places............what can a bruddah say......."so far, so good!" :)When I got there, my friends had not arrived yet, and they tried to place me at an outside table. I was okay with this............so long at I get to eat, I no care! But I guess da ladies wasn't down 'wid da outside seating, so lucky for us, our birthday girl happened to know Chef Chai.Next thing you know, we get a inside table (even if the restaurant was already busy & full). After we are seated inside.........BAM!!!!!!, three complementary appetizers show up at the table. I'm thinking...........birthday girl got da hook ups!!!!!For our dining experience, we had the following that evening -The 1st three items were complementary appetizers from Chef Chai -1. Fresh ahi tartar with guacamole in this tiny waffle cone.............what can I say..........just like eating a fish ice cream, except fish is the replacement for ice cream. Inside the cone is packed with guacamole.2. Chicken Satay on a stick, and it was served with a pita bread on the side. This appetizer was served with a peanut sauce, & some kind of pickled cucumber dish.3. Duck taco...........don't know what to say about this. Kinda unique, basically a small taco shell served with duck meat, & some kind of mango salsa sauce.4. Won Tons stuffed with goat cheese & sun dried tomatoes. There was some kind of pineapple relish on the side.For our entrees, we ordered some kind of fish dish..........very reasonable as it ran between $34.00 - $38.00 per entree. We ordered the following dishes  -1. I had the Miso Sea Bass..........it was really GOOOOOOOOOOD!!! Kinda reminded me of a buttafish kind a thing..............2. My friend Sharon H. ordered the Grilled Haibut. It was served with some kind of Thai red curry, and it had some kind of veggies on it.3. The birthday girl ordered a Thai Snapper..........it was a little crispy on the outside & some kind of sauce was poured over it. I guess it was suppose to be a bit spicy, but I could not tell. But believe me, this dish was very good!Entrees was served with white or brown rice. I had taken the brown rice, but it was no ordinary brown rice............ The brown rice was cooked with some kind of coconut milk & ginger, very unique!Last of all, a birthday celebration cannot be without some kind of birthday cake...............in this case a birthday ice cream? Again it was complementary from Chef Chai.Overall a great dining experience........Chef Chai was very kind, generous & humble. Service was 5+ stars! Parking is valet ONLY for a flat fee of $3.00, so if you do not like strangers driving your car, you will have to make other arrangements for parking.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,12/22/2013,95,75,8,12,10>Hooooooooly hole in the wall! I have GOT to start adventuring more into the cracks and crevices of Koreamoku (misspelling intended).If you are an avid sushi lover like myself, Sushi Ii is more than likely the best place you have yet to try. Why? Because it is tucked unassumingly near the very back of Samsung Plaza. Had it not been for the Yelp app, I still would not have found this joint, or ever knew it existed.After seeing all the great reviews and appetizing pictures, I simply had to try this place. The space itself is VERY small. I highly recommend getting reservations, as the seats fill up very fast.  Fortunately, I was able to call and reserve a spot (by the way, its pronounced "sushi-EE" not "sushi 2", which is what it looks like on paper.)Mispronunciation notwithstanding, I took my seat at the bar and looked over the menu. Unfortunately, many of the pictures that you see under Sushi Ii's Yelp profile are no longer being served, most notably, the banana dream and the chicken lollipops. That being said, that which the DO offer will not disappoint. My girlfriend had the portabella mushroom salad and the chicken karaage. Great choices. Very flavorful and the portion sizes were generous. Me? I had the omakase, as it's the best way to get  variety of offerings...and it was worth EVERY penny. If the fish were any fresher, it would have still be moving on the rice. My favorite offering was the nodoguro; it's a fatty white fish, believe it or not, with a mild yet distinctive flavor and a rich, buttery texture. The chef could have fed me 10 of those and I would have been fine with it. Speaking of the chef, he was very engaging and interactive with the guests. I personally enjoy when a chef takes the time to explain the fish and its origins when he/she serves me. Oh, and you have got to see the Habu Sake; its a Japanese spirit with a poisonous snake inside the bottle. And if you are feeling REALLY brave, have a shot. Me? I passed. LOLThanks, Yelp community, for putting me on Sushi Ii. I will definitely return again very soon."S"
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,12/21/2013,239,386,5,8,8>So excited that someone finally had the opportunity to open up a pizza place in Ko Olina!  With the increase in visitors in this area, a good pizza parlor was much needed.I spoke to Dave, the store manager about 2 weeks after they opened regarding general information as I was making up a list of restaurants in this area to have as a resource for my front office team.  After informing visitors for the 2 weeks they had been open it was refreshing to know they would be offering delivery in the area at no additional charge.  Well, Dave was so helpful and appreciative that of the recommendations of our office he sent a pizza for us to try.  I did try to refuse but he was insistent that he wanted us to know his product.    The taste test from Dave was greatly appreciated by my co-workers and I have to say that my  first taste of pizza was absolutely great!  The cheese was very cheesy - when you take a bite it's stringy (the way I like it).  The sauce was yummy and the veggies on the pizza were so fresh and still crunchy, not over cooked!Once I had a taste I knew I needed to go to the restaurant and try some other stuff.  The menu is very simple but provides many options.  There are some set pizza offerings and an option to build your own.  You can also opt for just a slice; currently one slice plus beverage is only $5.00!The seating is a little sparse so I can see if people are dining in during a busy hour that could cause challenges, however, I did notice several patrons getting to go orders and I know that they have been getting quite a bit of delivery orders from the hotels in the area.  The workers here are all so friendly and genuine.  It's so easy to talk to them while you order or wait for your pizza.Today my friend and I sat in and ordered a "Hawaiian" pizza. Pineapple and Canadian bacon. I don't know how Canadian bacon qualifies as Hawaiian but according to my mainland friends, anything that has pineapple in it, on it, cooked with it, is considered Hawaiian.  haha.  In any case, we got a taste of the Garlic Knots which were very buttery and garlicky.  The sauce was cold though, so I think it would have been a nice touch to have warm dipping sauce.  When our pizza came out it was so nice and hot; again, cheese was "gooey" and stringy all over the place.  The pizza also had cut slices of Canadian bacon (about 2 inches long) so it wasn't chopped pieces.  My friend and I had a lengthy discussion about pizza crust as we shared the pie...ended up taking home several slices.  We discussed that the pizza crust makes the pizza.  But I disagree - I think pizza as a whole package makes the pizza.  This pizza just happens to have a great whole package.  Definitely something I recommend! You can get your pizza crust thin or hand tossed - we got hand tossed for a little more "fluffiness".  On the way out, Dave had us take home a cannolli to try - At the moment mine is still in the refrigerator since I'm still stuffed from the pizza, 5 hours later!If you get a chance to be in the area, stop by the Ko Olina Station.  Whether you stop here at Pizza Corner or any other store in the area, it's a small community so it's great to get to meet and get to know the owners!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,12/20/2013,294,103,5,11,6>My family and I planned a family dinner but due to my forgetfulness, I forgot to make reservations! We wanted sushi - good sushi. So I called Kona Kai and Kin Chan for a reservation for six people on a Saturday night.. We then went to Michinoku but they were full too! I quickly yelp'ed "sushi" on my smartphone, praying a good restaurant out there was open and could seat us for some delicious sushi. Luckily, Akasaka answered my prayers!Nestled between a hoarde of strip clubs and bars was this little gem. We were greeted with smiles even though they were also really busy. We were seated in a cute little room with no chairs (floor seating only). The interior reminded me of Sushi Izakaya Gazu, very traditional and Japanese.We started off with complimentary edamame and imitation crab salad (so good! wish we had more of this...). We had two orders of the scallop butteryaki since everyone on Yelp raved about it. It didn't disappoint. The scallops were perfectly cooked, lightly battered, crispy on the outside and soft and succulent on the inside. They were covered with this amazingly rich sweet and tangy sauce and left me craving for more. They were slightly pricey at about $17 for five pieces but it's worth a try!To me, the best deal here is the chirashi special which comes with miso soup. The pieces of fish are extremely fresh. I think the quality is on par with all other highly rated sushi joints. The one thing that made Akasaka stand out was the cuts of the fish. They were so thick that I didn't feel like I was being ripped off. The chirashi deluxe special is about $25 and definitely worth it.The salmon skin salad was also delish, with the textures of the lettuce and crispy salmon skin dancing on your tongue. They give the dressing on the side, but it was sooo yummy that we just poured everything in!Our server recommended the misoyaki butterfish and that was good, but I'm not sure if I would order that over the chirashi! My family really seemed to enjoy it though since they devoured it in a span of five minutes.Our total bill was ~$230 (including tip) for six people but we all left full and happy. It is pretty pricey but you pay for the quality! At the end, we got a $5 gift certificate for our next return. I'm sure I'll be back... especially since I got a gift certificate! ;p
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,12/19/2013,334,330,3,5,6>I love this little place for top notch coffee (stumptown roast!), friendly service, the most amazing fresh fruit scones, and a casual morning meeting spot.  The simplistic decor and the high natural lit ceilings are so refreshing in the morning!  The parking is free in the lot behind and is generally easy.I hosted a 10-person networking event for coffee and everyone enjoyed the coffee and visiting a new place.  This artsy Kaka'ako spot just makes you feel surprisingly cool for finding a gem off the beaten path. It's very open and spacious, so it's great for a casual meet up with colleagues, friends, or for getting away by yourself.  An added plus is the mini temporary exhibits that appear in the adjacent room. They are sometimes questionable, but nevertheless, art is in the eye of the visionary right?!Coffee and service get two thumbs waaay up from me - consistently friendly and attentive.  Are not the baristas fabulous?  Reusable mugs for in-shop consumption is another thumbs up and the interesting assortment of curated books is yet another thumbs up....or perhaps a toe at this point.It's just all good. Period.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,12/18/2013,263,97,5,9,6>Rolled into the parking garage at Discovery Bay on a dreary Saturday around midday hoping that we wouldn't get boned too hard by parking fees.  Through process of elimination starting on the second floor, we found the Tropical Tribe on the sunken level of Discovery Bay right below McDonald's.The menu is quite simple with a couple acai bowls and smoothies to choose from.  Just to sample and share with my buddy Grant, we picked a regular Tropical Tribe bowl ($7.50) with premium toppings ($0.70).  Thankfully you get everything: granola, banana, strawberry, blueberry, honey, when ordering premium toppings rather than having to pay for each individually.  Score.The acai lacked the typical powdery chunks that some other acai bowls have and a had a delicious, NATURAL sweetness to it.  The additional toppings were very fresh and delicious.yelp.com/biz_photos/trop…When I came here a few weeks ago, Tropical Tribe was not validating.  So our 30-60 min visit cost us a whopping $4.00.  In the future they might strike a deal with parking management, but in the meantime you might want to use the following suggestions to mitigate parking fees:1) Call in your order2) Utilize the 10 minute loading zone3) Park on the street , Ala Moana Beach Park, or somewhere else and make a workout out of itI would probably not go out of my way to come here because of the pricing, parking, and accessibility.  However, if I am nearby I may stop by for another quality acai bowl.  You should too.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,12/17/2013,153,70,12,9,10>Yes, I love scones. Yes, I love THESE scones. Yes, I will drive from home for these scones. Yes, I will drive from home to pick up these scones to go to an office meeting. Yes, I live in Wahiawa...will drive all the way to Kaimuki and then back to my office near Ward for these delicious scones...Being that I live a bit far from town, whenever I am on this side of town I usually try to hit up a few places all at once. My usual routine whenever I have to go to the Kahala side is to stop at Great Harvest for a blueberry cream cheese scone, and then make my way down Waialae Ave before making that trek back home. Well, this time Great Harvest was out of scones, and I really wanted one. So, I whip out the almighty Yelp app. and search for scones nearby. The top on the list was this place.., Sconees Bakery. I quickly glanced over the reviews, skimmed thru the pics and gave my husband directions. We were lucky and found metered parking right across the street. I walked into this cute little bakery, with so much to choose from. Sometimes when there's so much to choose from I get all indecisive and just stand there debating what to get.. Thankfully for the great pics that other yelpers posted my husband told me exactly what he wanted (guava bar) instead of just "whatever looks good". I finally settled on a peach scone, blueberry cream cheese scone, and a lilikoi and guava bar. The guava bar was surprisingly not as sweet as i thought it would be. It was juuuuust right. My husband really liked it which I was even more surprised by because he's not a sweets kinda person. The lilikoi was just as good, but a little more on the sweet side. Finally, I saved the scones for last....  The blueberry cream cheese scone was even better than i had imagined it to be. It was buttery, soft, blueberried, and oh so yummy. I can't believe I was getting my scone fix down the road when this place was here the whole time! and what's even better is the prices. It's such a little bakery that the prices aren't all corporate crazy.Just writing my review about this place is making me want one... Luckily I have a meeting in town tomorrow.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,12/16/2013,138,200,,7,4>My first attempt to try out this chicken place was this past weekend, on a Saturday with my girl friend.  When we drove by, it was closed.  Nooooooooo!!!!  We were so looking forward to the Peruvian chicken!!  We looked around to see if there were any hours posted and we didn't see any.Fast forward to today, I was super busy and have been up since 6am.  I had to run more errands and I was suppose to go to Longs which is across the street.  So I decided I was going to pick up some chicken since I'm going to be right there.There's parking in the back of the shop OR you can park in FHB real quick for a pick up.The menu is really simple and that's great for me since I like simplicity.  I ordered the whole chicken with no rice and no sauce.  The guy asked if I wanted it cut and I said yes please.  He asked if I've had Peruvian chicken before and I said not yours but in general, yes.  He asked where, I said NY, he smiled and said, cool.  He was extremely nice, warm and friendly.  He asked how I heard about the place and I said with a big grin, YELP!  They take credit cards which was great because I didn't have enough cash on me.I picked up my chicken literally 1.5 minutes after putting my wallet back in my bag.  Pick up is at the right side window and the guy who packaged my food was extremely nice as well.I rushed home with my chicken on the passenger seat, forget about Longs!  Thank goodness I don't live too far away because I didn't realize how hungry I was until I smelled that wonderful aroma in the car.  I got home and almost inhaled a quarter of the chicken within three minutes.  The chicken was tasty, super moist, tender and best of all, it's paleo!  Jackpot!  This is going to be my go-to take-out place on days when I'm too tired to cook.Their hours are Sunday to Fri, 10:30am to 8:30pm, no Saturdays.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,12/15/2013,124,98,5,11,5>I got a steal for an awesome pair of boots on eBay.  I was stoked when the box came in the mail...but not so much when I opened it.  WHAT?!  They're pink?  They totally looked brown in the picture.  *sigh*  Even if they were pink, they fit like a dream (and were a crazy good deal) so I decided to keep them and "fix" them rather then do a return.As soon as I discovered that you can't Amazon leather dye to yourself, I called Modern Shoe Repair.  - MSR is located at Harbor Center (past Cutter Ford and Goodwill, where Redline and Jelly's are).  Park as close to the empty guard shack as you can--MSR is right next to it. - The staff are really nice!  The cobblers that helped me out were really good at explaining to me what they could do to fix my issue. - This is a cash only place.  Once you drop off your shoes, they'll issue you a little green ticket.  Don't lose the ticket or its a $2.00 fee.- MSR returned my boots in about a week since I told them no rush.  I was ecstatic as soon as they opened the bag---my cotton candy colored boots are now a rich whiskey BROWN.  Hurray!   The prices were very affordable and the work was definitely quality stuff.  I've learned my lesson with eBay but if I ever have a leather issue again, at least I know where to go.  Thanks, MSR!   (PS Even after the dying fee added on, I still walked away with a bargain.  Woohoo!)
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,12/14/2013,173,127,7,9,13>After a long day of hiking and beaching out on Makapu'u lighthouse, hunger set in...I saw something on facebook that said there was good Hawaiian food at Pali Lanes.So, off we went.  Out to try something new.ah, Pali Lanes....that sounds casual, after all we did just come from the beach.Lots of parking and found the door to Kealoha on the back side of Pali Lanes.Omg! Walked into a seemingly casual place but, on this evening Kealoha was featuring Live Hawaiian music.  The place was crowded and the energy was amazing.  Everyone, except us, was dressed in nice aloha wear so, it was lucky for us that we found a table in the corner. haha  I was hungry and was not gonna let shorts and a tank top stop be from eating.The food was AMAZING!I had the Kalua Pig and Beef Stew combo. On the side decided to try a "Poke Salad" Whoa! everything was good but the star was the POKE SALAD!FYI,In the back of the room is a BLUE door.  Thats where the bar is.Truly a family place.  Large tables where you can share and make friends.Live Hawaiian music with people getting up and dancing hula.We had a great great time.  Lesson for today was: ALWAYS KEEP NICE CLOTHES IN THE CAR..JUST IN CASE!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,12/13/2013,416,84,11,21,15>Music moves me.I thank the musical God's for creating the Republik, a venue you can tell was created for holding concerts and performing artists.Hawaii has always faced the dilemma of bringing down big (and small) talent due to the fact that we are in the middle of the damn Pacific.  So when something good comes along, it's always nice to be able to go see them at a decent venue.  The Republik is a big open air conditioned space that can accommodate a pretty large crowd.  Decor is tasteful and hip.  There are two bars, not including a third in the adjacent lounge "The Safehouse," manned by excellent bartenders.  And most important, the sound system is pretty good and there is an elevated stage. Yay, I can actually see above the heads of all those tall kids (damn you short Asian stature.)Some people have a hard time finding the Republik, but that's what yelp reviews are for right?  It's up the ramp above Bar Seven/Venus Lounge between Kona and Kapiolani.  Parking is simple enough...street or Ala Moana Shopping Center. A 5 minute walk won't kill you, promise.  Or cab it, cause music also goes really well with an alcoholic beverage ;) I've been lucky enough to catch several bands and DJ's at the Republik and have walked out each time with that warm fuzzy intimate performance feeling.  Always good times there!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,12/12/2013,835,537,3,8,7>Back on that hunt for an amazing breakfast, and it's crazy that the BF and I have never been to Boots &Kimos! I know, shame on us!We went to the new location on Hekili St in Kailua. We found street parking and checked in. We waited about 25 minutes before we sat (table for 4). Each person we encountered (hostess, server, food runner, cashier) was extremely friendly! The atmosphere is fun and chill. The restaurant is clean (as are the bathrooms!) but it's not the biggest restaurant. Onto the food. My BF got the new york steak with eggs and fried rice. $14.24 The steak was cooked to order (medium rare) and the fried rice was pretty good!yelp.com/user_local_phot…I got the traditional eggs benedict with hash browns $11.95. The eggs were poached perfectly. The hollandaise sauce was okay. I'm usually a fan of crab cakes but the traditional ham was not bad. Not something that I would order again though.yelp.com/user_local_phot…Bacon, eggs, and fried rice $11.20. The bacon was crispy. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Portuguese sausage, eggs, and rice $9.95. The portuguese sausage is DELICIOUS!!! I have no idea what brand it is or where they get it from, but by far it's the best portuguese sausage I've ever had (everyone else at the table agreed). I ordered a side of it as well (3 pieces for $5.95 - steeeeep!)yelp.com/user_local_phot…And of course, last but not least, the banana mac nut pancakes $9.99. I'm totally not a pancake person (nor a breakfast person), BUT.... I'll have to give it to Boots & Kimos, hands down, they have THE BEST PANCAKES! The pancakes itself are fluffy and melt in your mouth. The mac nut sauce for the pancakes is... divine. They deserve kudos for the sauce! Deeeelish!yelp.com/user_local_phot…Definitely NOT a cheap breakfast... but would we return? Yeah, we would.yelp.com/user_local_phot…ONLY major gripe... CASH ONLY! Good thing I had a $100 in my wallet... please consider accepting PLASTIC!!! C'mon, it's 2013!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,12/11/2013,52,71,4,8,6>Hey girls!  I'm not hating on eyelash extensions.  I've gotten them before for special occasions, birthdays etc.  But they're just not for me as I do not have the time, energy, money or desire to constantly get them refilled.  Thus they grow out and I end up wanting to pull them off.  Ack!  This is where eyelash perms solve one of our many girl problems.  And there is no one else you should go to except Liz.  First of all, the reviews on here speak for just how great she is as far as her skill, the products she uses and how extremely nice she is.  Secondly, its so easy to book an appointment with her online system.  You can choose the service, view the price and look at the availability right then and there.  So easy!  I recently went to see her and mind you I'm practically ready to pop a baby out.  Hey I still want to look good while preggo.  I emailed her before hand about not being able to lay down and if she was still able to accommodate me.  She said sure! and has a reclining barber's chair available.  You usually lay down which is great for getting a nap in.  Liz has many different rods available now and uses products from Japan.  I've never had reaction to the solution or glue she uses.  She evaluates your lashes and discusses the look you want to achieve.  Then, you just sit back and relax while she does her thing.  About an hour later, you open your eyes to a natural, more fabulous new look.    When I get the perm, I don't even use mascara at all.  As the perm starts to fade out, I just give my lashes a little squeeze with the curler and I'm ready to go.  Parking is available once you find her studio, which took me awhile the first time I went.  Waialae Ave can be confusing for a non-townie like me.  Her studio is inviting and comfortable.  Her prices are great for the quality you're getting.  She's super sweet and easy to talk to.  Once you start seeing her, she'll periodically email really good specials on the perms.  Go see Liz and solve one of your girl problems!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,12/10/2013,152,116,4,10,8>Ask any old timer from Ewa Beach what they remember most about what was once a mainly sugarcane plantation community they grew up in, and chances are Tanaka's, Jimmy Ha's and Silva store will come up in the conversation. Those three mom 'n pop stores being the primary and only game in Ewa Beach town back in the day for daily necessities, long before Ewa Beach became "Gentrified" with modern suburban development, along with the large commercial retail and restaurant sector that's since come along with that. Of those three original Ewa Beach mom 'n pops, the only one remaining in business today, in the same location on Ewa Beach Road (just footsteps from the beach), in the same building, under the original name and business model is Silva's Store, a.k.a. Silva's Grocery & Liquor. Silva's store was established in 1948 by Joe Silva, who operated the business himself, along with his brother Frank. Joe was known to be a cranky 'ole fellah who always had a cigar in his mouth. Also, like Jimmy Ha's and Tanaka store (up the street where 7-Eleven now is), Joe Silva allowed the neigbhorhood kids to run a credit account. Meaning, they could come in and do "runs" for their parents, charging beer, cigarettes and groceries to their parents' name, who would come in and pay for it later. Of course, the kids could also add on candy and snacks of their own as a bonus. Which is why to this day, when you go into into the likes of Silva Store, you'll immediately notice the merchandising is geared as much for the neighborhood children as it is for the adults. True mom 'n pop! After going through several ownerships over not just years, but DECADES, Silva's is currently owned and operated by Ivy Pantastico and her son Dwayne, who has been running the business for the past 14 years. Super-duper nice folks! What you will currently find at Silva's is your typical mom 'n pop superette type selection of convenience groceries and household goods, from motor oil to cooking oil, and everything in between. Granted, like 7-Eleven, it's not exactly the cheapest place to buy, oh say, milk, however, chances are they got what you need in a jiffy, especially if you live nearby! As for grindz (because us Yelpers love our grindz!), they do have fresh-made hot Manapua kine stuffs, laddat, that's brought in by a vendor. However, the crowning jewel is Ivy Pantastico's fresh-made ono kine grinds, including her Chili Bowl, and even more so, her "Pantastic" Pumpkin Crunch.Dude. Dude! Shut the front door. You my friends have NOT tasted anything remotely this good with "crunch" ending its name than Ivy's Pumpkin Crunch. Freakin' INSANELY ONO! Think, the ULTIMATE shortbread cookie,  New York Cheesecake and Pumpkin Pie, somehow magically MASSAGED TOGETHER WITH HEAPS OF BUTTER AND SUGAR, and that's pretty much Ivy's Pumpkin Crunch at Silva Store. If not for the nostalgia of the store itself, Ivy's Pumpkin Crunch is most DEFINITELY  worth a trip to Ewa Beach Road, "way out there". Seriously, the best dessert this side of the Ewa Plains! One other tidbit about Silva's store is that Hawaii Five-O had scheduled a shoot at the store recently, however, their production  got caught up in Kapolei that same day and they couldn't make it. Yet one look at the old plantation home style store that is Silva's, and you can immediately see how a Hawaii Five-O scene would be perfect with that store as a setting. If you're a fan of old mom 'n pop style local stores such as Alicia's and Fort Ruger Market, you most certainly need to pay a visit to Silva's Store on your next trip out at Ewa Beach, celebrating over 60 years serving the community.Silva's current business hours are:Monday - Thursday 8am to 9pmFriday & Saturday 8am to 11pmSunday 8am to 8pm
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,12/9/2013,392,296,11,12,12>Carnivores Dream - CheckBanchan - CheckCold Ginger sweet soup - checkPork Belly - DOUBLE checkKal Bi that is a win - DOUBLE checkSpicy pork - checkChicken - checkBeef - checkSauces for dippin - CheckGood price - DOUBLE checkLots of different kinds of veggies for those of you that acutally eat veggies at a all you can eat meat place - half check.  Ha ha, just kidding, they do have a pretty good variety of veggies to grill.Wear your clothes that you don't mind washing about 4 times before you get the smoky smell out.  (what do you expect from a grill your own place, right?)  Oh and did I mention you should also wear  your loosest clothes cause you will be sad when you cannot eat that last piece of kal bi. The parking is adequate, the bathrooms are semi clean, and the restaurant as a whole is "ok" clean.  The wait help changes the grill tops often and the water if refilled moderately quickly.I would go here over and over again if I was a T-Rex, but since I am not, I have to make sure that I don't eat pork belly and fatty delicious kal bi like it is going out of style all the time.  You gotta go here.  It is good stuff.  Price VS. what you get is TOPS.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,12/8/2013,354,934,4,10,5>I've found myself craving pastries. This is not a good thing. I didn't even think I liked pastries....Anyways, I have been wanting to try Elvin's for awhile, and finally managed to find myself in Kalihi one morning and decided to look for this infamous pastry shop. On a side note, I was cut off on the freeway by the Elvin's Bakery van a few days before--weird coincidence...Palama shopping center was undergoing some construction at the time and finding my way through the parking lot was troublesome. Surprisingly, I managed to get to Elvin's (on the far side of the parking lot) in one piece, without falling into any construction holes.I  was very intrigued by the curry donut that elvin's makes, because maybe its just me getting into the whole pastry thing, but I don't see a lot of curry pastries (My grandparents always got curry puffs from Kwong On before they closed--I'm kinda pissed that I was so closed minded to pastries and didn't even try them). Anyways, the curry donut was just alright in my opinion, it was actually kind of sour tasting, which I dont know whether or not was intentional. But I liked the other pastries I tried--Melon pan and a scone.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,12/7/2013,104,84,4,10,5>I participated at a monthly volunteer project at Kaimuki District Park for a long time, and while I was waiting on 11th Avenue, I would always encounter the most heavenly smell coming from across the street. On a search for Indian food, my girlfriend and I were finally able to uncover the source of the aroma, and experience the food from which it emanated.On the weeknight we came in, it was pretty empty and we had our choice of tables even without a reservation. I was impressed by the indoor decor and the warm yellows, oranges, and reds, and the South Asian decor on the shelves and walls.After we started off with an order of freshly baked naan, my girlfriend, being the heat-seeker that she is, went straight for the chicken vindaloo. The waiter balked when she tried to order "Nepali heat," the highest level, and talked her down to "spicy" with a little bit of the hotter sauce on the side. Turned out to be a good move, because even at "spicy" she found it a bit too hot at first, but she adjusted pretty quickly. For me, I went with the chicken tikka masala at medium spice. In my case, it sucked me in...I didn't notice my taste buds saying "too hot," but before I knew it, my water glass was empty. Maybe next time I go with mild. Yes, I'm such a wuss.A definite plus: basmati rice is included with all entrees. However, they bring out one bowl at first, but the bowl is a bit small for two people and didn't quite allow us to finish all the curry. (Yes, we're locals for whom curry and rice usually go together.) When we finished the rice, we did ask for and get another bowl of rice...surprisingly, no extra charge. And very reasonable prices as well.As some reviewers have noted, the service was a bit slow, but not overwhelmingly so. Perhaps it was because we went on a weekday. I'd like to see how things go in prime time, though. Our waiter was very friendly and made us feel at home.All in all? Well, now that I know where the curry aroma came from, I think we may be back again if we want to spice up our lives again.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,12/6/2013,136,174,8,8,9>GET YOUR MONEYS WORTH! Just bring shades & hat. Not much shade!Cute mom & pops shave ice place,something you'd easily miss on the highway if not looking for it.This place is amaze-balls to the walls. Not only do they have rare-delcious flavors like creme-brulee, red velvet, chocolate dulce etc.  They do not hold back on drenching your shave ice, like seriously I asked the lady if it was an extra charge and she just smiled and laughed and told me its free of charge! Whhhaa. Awesomeness!  of WARNING, do not get the Large if its just you! Their Small  is enormous~ Again moneys worth! haha In the end my only complaint, but my personal taste is I dont prefer their mochi balls. To big, chewy. ....(perverts) haha.Also they sell cute logo t-shirts with neat sayings, very tempting to buy a shirt! $20-$25Price: Decent, worth every pennyParking; Street parking, be prepared to circle the blockService: Pretty good. Long lines but if you follow the directions on the signs posted all over you wont slow down their pace.Quality: Top-notch
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,12/5/2013,157,226,3,8,6>SNOW FACTORY IN KUNIA!!! Yippee!! This was obviously a much needed addition to the shopping center. Seriously, the crowd in the shop was redonks. Fear not however, although the place was crowded, the order taking as well as order receiving was well organized so I got my fluffy dessert promptly. My family of four shared the cookies and cream family bowl and a small strawberry bowl. Trust me, the cookies and cream (#38) is an awesome combination! The load of toppings perfected the shaved snow. Not only that, the brownies on the side were a huge bonus! Yum yum yum! To try a fruity treat, we got the strawberry and that was really good too. It was not very sweet so my mama liked it a lot. It tasted like a real strawberry! In general the ice is so fluffy and soft I am sure all flavors are tasty! I've eaten at other Snow Factories but I must say this one stands out from the rest. I was very impressed with the kind, quick service from the staff. Check it out!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,12/4/2013,308,104,11,15,13>Ok I'm seriously giving a 5 star because I'm thankful I actually survived this excruciating but satisfying deadly workout.I have seen a few of my Yeep buddees (Renee S, Brian M, Pualani P, Vivian H, and Malia H) check in here and I've always been curious. Mainly because there's the saying that goes, "Yelpers excercise so they can feel good about eating" (Abraham Lincoln) Ha! So here I go, with the hubby (former marine), got to Ala Moana Beach at 650am. We park a few yards from lifeguard 1D, where the rest of the bootcampers were gathered. My hubby looks at me, shakes his head and says, "Bootcamp huh? You sure you wanna do this?" With no response to his sarcastic question, I open the door and jump out. Thinking to myself, heck, i can do this. I've done kickboxing and step classes. Bring it!!! GRAAWWRR!We meet up with the group and I see Brian M from a distance and walk straight to him. "You made it!", he says. I think to myself, "Lets hope so". He instructs us to sign in a book by the lifeguard tower. Then I see Malia H, who I've been having Happy Hour with the night before and Vivian H who told me I would die but love it at the same time! I get introduced to Glenn, who already looks like a MMA, beach body, experienced instructor. But not so intimidating. Super cool guy!!! Okay so, lets do this. First started off with a few stretches for about 10min... so far so good, I got this. Then Glenn tells us to run to the next lifeguard tower and run back (about a 100 yards in the sand). Piece a cake since I like to run or hike. After the run, we begin with what ended up to be the most intense 40 minutes of my entire life! Duck squats, dead leg drag, leg lunges, every muscle you never knew you had burned with intensity. The motto Glenn kept shouting, "If it hurts, keep going, if you're in pain, stop!" WTH?! What does that mean?! Did he say I can stop?! Ha! Others around me were struggling just as much but yet they were so encouraging, rooting me on. "Good job", "C'mon you can do it"! I then hear my hubby saying the same things to me and I'm thinking in my head, "STH up!" .. BUT not in a disrespecting way. Their cheers actually helped push me! The cursing in my head continued. I may have made up some new curse words along the way. I stopped twice for about 3-5 minutes each and then continued. My legs were shaking, my heart was pounding, my muscles were on fire! Towards the end, we did suicides, (how ironic), followed with some ab workouts and then cooled down with a few stretches. 8am came and we were done and I dropped to the sand! Everyone was right!! I hated it!! But I loved it! This certainly was not kickboxing or step classes. The challenge was mental just as much as it was physical! I was so exhausted after, I couldn't even chew my breakfast. Ha! Will I be back? Ya betcha!! Anyone thinks they're fit? Or want to start exercising? Try this one hour work out! You won't regret it.... well,.. you will but it'll probably be the best thing you've "regretting"ly done ;)Tip: wear your swimsuit so you can go swimming right after. It's the perfect time to take a dip!Thanks Brian, Vivian, & Malia for being my cheerleaders! ;) Hugs!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,12/3/2013,410,147,15,18,15>With all the AYCE (all you can eat) Korean restaurants around you'll be stuffed like a turkey on Thanksgiving, struggling to walk, and your arteries will be crying. Luckily you won't have to worry about that at Budnamujip, because unless you're rolling in dough like PSY; your wallet or purse will be begging you to stop.I've been holding off on reviewing Budnamujip but finally found the time! I ate at Budnamujip during its opening week and it is just as I remember it in Korea, for the most part... While living in Korea you quickly learn which restaurants are the cheap eats and which ones are the upscale, fancy/special occasion restaurants. Budnamujip is definitely the later. With 3 restaurants in Seoul and 1 right outside of Seoul, I was shocked and pleasantly surprised of its arrival in Hawaii. But what shocked me was the price! HOLY SMOKES!! Was I drinking too much soju in Korea that I didn't notice the prices?? Oh and by the way, a bottle of soju will set you back $15 here... (For all of you who haven't been to Korea, soju goes for about a little under $1) so you definitely don't want to try and get drunk here. Getting back to Budnamujip - the food is exquisite! The meats here are only high grade premium beef. The marbling on the beef is beautiful and when cooked it just melts in your mouth. Sorry no chicken or pork here, when it comes to fancy barbecue restaurants in Korea, you'll only find the expensive stuff (beef). Also the banchan is unlimited and you'll find some unique banchan here that you won't find in Korea.My favorite was their specialty, the Yangnyeon galbi yelp.com/user_local_phot… which is a beef short rib for $34. Don't let looks deceive you. It doesn't look like much but it's so tender and flavorful that you'll be craving for more! The price may be shockingly high but what eased the pain was the wonderful service of our waitress Misook. Apparently what Budnamujip did was they brought over a lot of the staff from Korea to train their employees here. Misook didn't speak English but was nice and very attentive. Our meat grill was changed after every dish and here you don't have to cook a thing because they will cook everything for you! I like Budnamujip (Personally it falls somewhere around 3.5) and frankly I learned a lot. . I found out that the restaurant itself cost about $5.75 million for the property, and another million dollars went into renovations. The restaurant is clean and beautiful, showcasing its traditional Korean look; the meats are definitely the cream of the crop; and service was stellar. Just don't come here if you're starving, on a budget, or plan to get drunk,  otherwise you'll be cringing when you see the receipt! Oh and don't forget to say KAM-SAM-NI-DA (thank you in Korean).
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,12/2/2013,114,86,6,11,11>After reading all the Yelp reviews I was prepared for the high cost, so I didn't feel too uneasy when my BBQ chicken meat jun combination plate rang up to $12.20. I was actually relieved. I pass by this place a few times a week, but never came in here. I guess I never noticed it until I searched for Korean, under current location. They are right across the street from orange groove and next to that Daichi ramen place (same road as the Aiea post office).The chicken here was delicious and the meat jun was moist and tender it was especially yummy drenched in the sauce they give for it, however it only came in a very tiny portion cup. I will definitely ask for an extra one the next time I'm here. The only letdown for me was their veggies, didn't really care for them except maybe the bean sprouts (I love having options) & the portion of their regular combo plates can barely pass as a shareable size (for me anyway). Give yourself a 15-20 minute wait if you're placing a takeout order. It's best to phone order because there is only one seat to wait in and if you stand around you'll just be in the way. If you're dining in, good luck because this place is pretty tiny. Think of this as an upgrade to Yummy's or Tasty's minus the option to choose your sides.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,12/1/2013,105,156,7,14,11>Oh Chiba-Ken where do I begin? Chiba-Ken is a authentic sushi/izakaya restaurant, with a wide variety of japanese dishes served at high quality. My friend and I rolled up to this place for a late night dinner on a monday night at around 8pm. We lucked out because we were able to find parking in the tiny lot behind the restaurant. I can't be sure but i'd say there are only a 6-7 stalls. If you can't find parking in the back--good luck finding street parking because you are in the outskirts of waikiki! It was fairly empty, so we were seated quickly in a booth. My one gripe is that you have to be pretty lucky to be there on a night that they have Hamachi Kama. I guess they only have enough to serve a limited amount of people. But that's okay-- they have plenty other dishes on the menu to compensate. Try their grilled mackeral instead. I've also noticed that they have both an english menu and japanese menu which i think is nice. The english menu even tells you in the written alphabet which dish is which, for example, "Yellowtail/Hamachi, Kakuni/Porky Belly," etc. I think thats nice because not everyone knows the japanese name for the dish, but most people have eaten the dish before. Everyone knows what a scallop is, but not what hottate is! :-)My favorite dishes to order are the Uni (sea urchin) Nigiri, Ikura (Salmon Roe) Nigiri. They are so fresh and tasty! They also don't put too much sushi rice with the nigiri which is authentic and exactly how I like it. Service is friendly and attentive, and the restaurant itself gives off a unpretentious, laid back vibe. So to all new sushi-goers, fear not! :-)My advice is to call ahead of time to make sure they have available seating. The other times I have been here, it is fairly crowded and I notice that the greeter always inquires for a reservation. Another heads up, be prepared to drop at least $40-50 per person. Mind you, I eat a lot so that's just for a person who is always hungry and tends to go a bit overboard.You really can't go wrong here! If you're craving some good Japanese food, Chiba-Ken is a good pick for you.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,11/30/2013,29,46,6,9,7>Checking out any restaurant within a few days (or months) of its opening can be risky, but I'd been staring at the "Coming Soon" sign for this place for MONTHS and could not resist heading up to Manoa immediately upon hearing that the doors had finally opened. Wings and Things by Serg is located right next to Serg's Mexican Kitchen, where the crepe place used to be.Sign said that it would be open at 11. In reality, we waited a few minutes longer than that because they were waiting on the bank to arrive. No big deal! There are always logistical kinks to work out at first.The cashier (Serg's son, I think, who also works at the original Serg's Mexican Kitchen) was friendly and awesome as always, so the service was great. He warned me that the wings are huge, information that I promptly chose to ignore as I placed my order for 6 roasted garlic wings ($6.99), 6 chipotle barbeque ($6.99), and a side of the house fries ($3.95) to take out. He was NOT exaggerating- those suckers were as big as my fist. Even starving, I could only finish three of them!The roasted garlic wings were awesome! Seasoned just enough, not overcooked, and served with a TON of actual sliced, roasted garlic on it. There was an unexpectedly big pool of grease in the bottom of the paper container, but hey, it's not like I ordered a salad. The chipotle barbeque sauce was also super tasty, and tasted like it had plenty of actual minced chipotle in it.The house fries were a mixture of curly, waffle, sweet potato and regular fries, which I thought was a pretty fabulous idea. How are other places not doing this?!My lunch buddy had the hot dog, which was HUGE and came with fries for around six bucks- definitely a good value.I'm definitely going to have to come back next weekend to try the pastrami burger, which looked and sounded AMAZING.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,11/29/2013,246,383,6,9,7>Drove by this place a million times and never once did I stop in until I was told by a fellow Yelper how good this place was.What. Have. I. Been. Missing? Apparently alot.Stopped by on a Thursday night and a few tables were open for prime time. Instantly greeted by the staff and seated. The menu was a bit weird and confusing for those who come in. There isn't a whole lot of choices but it was just a bit confusingly organized.The $30 small sashimi platter appealed us to but we thought it was a bit too much so we ordered the kalbi and meat jun plate and the sashimi salad. The reasoning for the salad was so we can get a taste of their sashimi without having to get so much. We missed happy hour by a bit but drinking wasn't what we wanted to do in the first place anyway.The wait for food wasn't that bad. We were seated in front of the seafood counter so we oogled at the sashimi being prepared. The kalbi and meat jun plate was excellent. The banchan was on the plate so we were a bit confused whether or not we got banchan or not. We gave them the benefit of the doubt and perhaps its just on the plate. Sashimi platter was okay, not great. The sashimi part was ono, but the pieces weren't enough.So we did what we should have done in the first place. I flagged down ajumma and asked her if we can get a smaller portion of hamachi. She said no problem, and if we ever wanted smaller portions we should ask. We got a smaller plate of hamachi and salmon and it was one of the freshest tasting sashimi I've had in a long long time. Service was great here. Aside from the banchan thing(I'm not sure if we get banchan or not since I read other reviews about their banchans), this place is the perfect seafood hole in the wall. Will definitely be back for more sashimi!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,11/28/2013,161,142,7,10,7>If I had one wish, I'd wish that one day it would rain musubis from Mana Bu's. This place is legit...too legit to quit.As soon as you walk in, you're greeted with a cheerful hello and a smile! The most sweetest girls working at Mana Bu's.The musubis are amazing! When you're short on time, want something yummy, this is your go-to spot. The best time to go would be around 8ish when they have majority of their musubis available.The perfect rice texture, the right amount of salt on the nori and the fillings, oh the fillings! The most amazing ball of goodness!!They've got a musubi for everyone. My absolute fav is their spicy tuna mayo! Oh my gosh it's so ono!! Tuna with a hint of mayo with habañero flavored masago. With every bite, I kept wishing that my musubi would never end. Next time I know to buy 2 or even 3 for myself...it's that good!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,11/27/2013,783,555,6,13,9>New place, new fave!Bevy opened up about 2 weeks ago and there's not a single thing I can think of that I dislike. From the 1940s feel, moscow mules, and $1 oysters! My girl friend and I sat at the bar for a good catch up sesh. It's not too loud so you can have good conversation there, and the service is spot on. Happy hour includes $5 champagne, $3 beers, and $1 off well drinks. The regular menu consists of items that are ~$8 each which includes speciality drinks and small dishes to share. The first couple weeks have been a small tasting menu, but starting next week there will be a full extensive menu.I got to try all the dishes on the menu except for one. Everything was great - cheese tomale wrapped in collard leaf, oyster, cold corn and cilantro soup, cornish pastry with creamed beef & mashed peas, and as a special, smoke salmon dip served with pork rinds. I enjoyed everything, except I probably prefer the soup warm instead. All dishes are perfect to share between two people. As for the drinks, so worth $8. My friend got the infamous Mai Thai (yes, it's spelled tHai) which apparently is award winning. Would love to bring my ad organization's social here!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/26/2013,221,118,4,10,8>Cute little shop right next to the Starbucks on the corner of Kalakaua and Kapahulu serving fresh food items -- sandwiches, smoothies, wraps, drinks, cookies, breads and yogurt. Some items are -pre-made and are ready to grab and go, while others are semi-prepared there and served hot. I tried the smoked ahi wrap which was pre-made and in the fridge ready to pick up. It was good -- tasted just like a tuna sandwich but in a swap instead of bread. You could also taste the smokiness in the tuna. I also tried the 3 cheese and tomato panini. It was good too -- on white bread and heated up when you order. $15 for those 2 items above....There were lots of smoothies, drinks and sweets that you could choose from too. I'll try one next time :) indoor seating was available but most people took it to go and ate elsewhere or on the run.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,11/25/2013,529,212,8,12,12>My friend lives in Waikiki just a few blocks away.  When I crashed at her place, I decided to try Cream Pot's breakfast.  I read reviews on Yelp that it can get crowded here.  Since I didn't have a reservation, I decided to order takeout.  Looking at their menu online, their baked eggs dishes piqued my interest.  Unfortunately, the baked eggs entrees are the only ones that are available for dine-in only...A small restaurant at the corner of the Hawaiian Monarch Hotel--it has a quaint decor.  Kinda has a euro, rustic feel...  I loved how the office has a small wooden door where some of the staff had to duck under to enter--reminded me of the Shire where the Hobbits lived...  The staff delivered with great service--polite, soft-spoken, and catering...Since I couldn't get the baked eggs, I opted for plan B--salmon omelet.  This was a good soft omelet.  The salmon had either a cured or slightly smoked flavor.  It had the right amount of salmon & onions so that it would not overpower the omelet.  I wish there was a brown rice option.  The omelet came with a side of salad--didn't feel quite right with an omelet so I left that alone.  My friend ate my salad.  I would definitely order the salmon omelet again...I got her the chicken crepe.  Chicken, spinach, and mushrooms sauced on a crepe.  The flavor was not bad, but I doubt I would order it again for myself--lacked the WoW factor, more like a ho-hum...I am not sure when I will return, but if I do, I will dine in and try one of their baked eggs offerings....
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,11/24/2013,212,76,4,7,6>With my second visit to P+J's in the bag, I can honestly say this place is starting to grow on me!After this place took the location of my favorite bar Kochi, I vowed to never EVER come here... (Dramatic pause) Until a few friends one night begged me to go with them. I'm not a big fan of beer so this place doesn't really interest me. I came just for the epic reviews on the food items such as the bacon and corn salsa disk, the pork sausage links, house burger, etc. This place didn't really make an impression other than the fact that they had wooden picnic tables! What impressed me was the different varieties of beer they carried. LOL I picked up the large menu thinking it was the food menu, I was mistaken.  It was the drink menu. The food menu was the tiny slim one-pager I picked up after. Well played there P+J. Being a person that doesn't enjoy drinking beers, I ordered a hard apple cider similar to Redds. It was okay. Costed me $5. On to the food items. We ordered two of the double-cut bacon dish, the sliders, the house burger, and the chips. Oh man that BACON was so good. Double-cut so you know it'll cog the arts... This place is comparable to Yard House Waikiki, Real Gastropub, and Dash. They have similar qualities.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,11/23/2013,133,117,9,9,5>Every time I come here, I end up spending more than I mean to, but never regret it!Tanioka's is in Waipahu, a little before Waipahu High School, in the most potholey of places! Parking is usually a hassle, but it's worth the trouble for some great food.The fish patties are a must-have whenever I go; the tofu patties are great as well. The fried chicken is sometimes too salty to be enjoyed alone, but just add a starch and you're good. Plate lunches, bentos, assorted musubi, and poke by the pound are also available and delicious. :D Cupcakes, haupia, pre-packaged cookies (made by Tanioka's), and other sweets are available too.If it's your first time going to Tanioka's, try to get there before the lunch rush so you can take a little more time looking at everything; this place gets BUSY, so if you have no idea what you want, prepare for the stink eye cause there is ONE line that takes you around the small store space and straight to the register and people are HANGRY; ain't nobody got time for your indecisive ass.If you happen to get there during a rush, get in and start looking. This is not time to talk to your friends unless you're consulting them for order advice! Be prepared with your by-the-pound order if you're looking to get any of that stuff; they'll ask you before you get to the register, usually right in front of the refrigerated case. Cash and card are accepted.They also have fundraising options and catering menus for weddings, funerals, and other celebrations.While I don't have a problem spending on the food, I have to admit I never buy drinks here. There is a 7-11 right next door with the same stuff for cheaper, plus you can take the 50 cents you saved at 7-11 and head right back to Tanioka's! Wooooohoooo!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,11/22/2013,411,273,19,19,18>4 VERY IMPORTANT THINGS TO KNOW ABOUT PA'ALA'A KAI BAKERY:1. SNOW PUFFIES!!!!  2. YELP CHECK-IN OFFER: 10% OFF A PURCHASE OF 6 OR MORE SNOW PUFFIES3. CASH & MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED!4. IF YOU DON'T PLAN ON HEADING THERE TILL 11 AM OR 12 PM, CALL YOUR ORDER IN AHEAD OF TIME!-------'Cuz it majorly sucks wen you hype about da snow puffies to frends who arrived from NorCal (5.5-hour plane trip), drive from town to Waialua (1 - 1.5 hours), hype up da damn dessert like it's Baby Jesus's third coming, and den find out dat dey stay all pau (all sold out). :( Hubby and I love playing "tourist guide" to visiting mainland friends & we're da type dat won't recommend visiting certain tourist sites or trying certain eateries jus 'cuz it's "popular."  Places like Matsumoto's and Aoki's might've served fantastic ice shave wen dey opened, but now dey just living off da name & compared to Waiola or Shimazu's, their products suck.  However, snow puffies are sumting we can honestly vouch fo' & always, always, always recommend to any/all incoming visitors!  We try to find reasons just fo' be up dea Mililani or Waialua just so we can stop in. ;)One of my bridesmaids flew in from Philly w/her sis & mom for my wedding, and, as a  "small gift" of appreciation for all of them, hubby rented a van and we took 'em on a "North Shore run" befoa dey left.  Dey got to try da snow puffies & aftah eating 1, dey happily took seconds, and once we came back into town, mo' den happily accepted thirds as well! :) REVIEW #236
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,11/21/2013,182,183,4,14,8>Amazing and seriously the best meal I've had so far. I like to eat and over the years, Yelp has helped me find great places to check out and this time around, the reviews did not let me down. Came here for dinner on a Friday night with two of my buddies. Let me share that one of my buddies works here, but that had no bearing on my review. The food and service was really that good!  Azure is located in the Royal Hawaiian Hotel. It's beachfront and I'm told that they remodeled the restaurant when the entire hotel was renovated a few years ago - it's quite stunning. If you can, get a table outside - you'll enjoy awesome views of the ocean and if you time it right, the sunset. We had the tasting menu - six courses of seafood galore. By the way, this is a seafood restaurant, but they do have non-seafood choices as well. It's pricey, but well worth it. Every course seemed to get better and better. Start off with the bread - it's flown in from Paris. C'mon!  We had the tasting menu, that was somewhat modified:1. Sashimi. I can't even begin to explain how this ain't your run of the mill appetizer. You have to try it. 2. Seafood cappuccino. A delicious soup with seafood galore. 3.  Lobster risotto. So good - ate this in 30 seconds. 4.  Blackened ahi, scallop, and enoki mushroom - it all melted in my mouth and the sauce it came in was a game changer. 5. Filet and foie gras. Ok so I don't think their tasting menu normally comes with the foie gras. But if you're able to get it, do it!6. Sorbet with balsamic vinegar. I believe there's other dessert options, but we were so full so this was a perfect ending to the meal. 7. Not on the standard tasting menu, but we actually started with a seafood pizza - great way to get our tummies prepped. Man, writing this review makes me want to go back there. Badly.  Go there. And if you ever want to treat a friend, I'm available.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,11/20/2013,101,89,12,16,12>I haven't been able to figure out exactly why, but ever since Shirokiya in Ala Moana Shopping Center has opened up a beer garden...my hubby suddenly loves to come shopping with me there even more?  Hmmm?  I must admit, I too am a big fan of their beer garden (Yataimura).  So big of a fan that I even go there without him.   LOL.Last night, one of my besties and I went to an event at Pearl Nightclub.  But we made sure we had enough time to go to the beer garden for a cold one. As you can see by the picture I uploaded, you can get a beer for as little as $1 !Ok I admit, I'm a bit of a classy girl...so I haven't tried the $1 beer yet.  I always stick to my fancy shmancy $2 Budweiser or Bud Light.  (Yah I know..."Paaaardon me...do you have any Grey Poupon?"). yelp.com/biz_photos/yata…Below is a picture of our drinks.  I was quite disappointed that they ran out of glasses, so my beer was in a plastic cup.  First time that has happened to me, and I hope it doesn't ever happen again.  It's not only obvious I'm getting a lot less beer than in a glass, but come on....it tastes WAY better in a glass.yelp.com/biz_photos/yata…Only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is:1)  It is hotter than Haiti in there!  Hope they add a better A/C system soon.  Especially if you're having a ramen/udon with your beer...be prepared to sweat!2)  Seats are sometimes hard to find.  The beer garden draws a big crowd...young and old.  It's best if you come with a few people so some can go and order their food while the others hold a table.  Just keep in mind, you can only purchase 1 beer for yourself at a time.  Each beer drinker needs to show ID and they'll put on one of those bracelets showing you can legally drink.  Don't forget you can also buy food from the other food vendors upstairs....not just the couple of vendors in the main beer garden area.3)  Bathrooms need a cleaning/major renovation and air freshner!4)  Beer garden hours are from 5:30 p.m. until 9:30 p.m.  Wish they'd stay open just a tad longer.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,11/19/2013,588,341,10,13,12>An update and an additional star is so necessary.  I've only previously visited their late night window until last night - a belated Father's Day dinner, of my list of suggestions my dad was actually stoked to try Lucky Belly.My first thought after a quick glance at their menu was that a place with such a small number of choices (the food menu is 1/4 the size of the drink selections) has got the right idea.  Focus on a few dishes that you perfect and keep the rest happy with alcohol!  That is exactly what went down.  The food was EXCELLENT.  Even better was the service.I had to keep reminding myself I was dining at the bar on $12 or less dishes because our bartender/server made me feel like I was in a fine dining establishment.  Offering full descriptions of all of our orders, every ingredient and technique and even offering my dad tastes of other wines when he placed his wine order to make sure he knew the best choice of his options. Phenomenal service even though the place was busy!The food:I had the shrimp & kimchee ramen bowl - this was massive and delicious.  Just the right amount of heat from the house-made kim chee and the shrimp was a little crispy from being fried lightly - clean and tail removed - thank you!yelp.com/biz_photos/luck…Belly bao - delicious, loved the tender pork belly and crunchy pickles inside were a nice contrast.Duck breast on kabocha puree - this was more fancy than I can describe it. It was delicious and reminded me of Thanksgiving in a bite.Thanks for such an awesome experience Lucky Belly staff!  Everyone was awesome from the friendly hostess to basically everyone that passed by us asking if we were enjoying and if everything was ok - I really felt like they value their customers.  Nice touch compared to most establishments.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,11/18/2013,544,212,23,17,15>Taste Tea, Tasty, Taste-T, or Tastea.  However you wanna say it, it is definitely not NAAAS-TEA..Came here on a Saturday night and to our demise a sign was posted on the door saying they were out of Milk Tea, This Tea, That Tea, ERRTEA.. I was thinking to myself, so you don't have any TEA, how disappointing.. But much to my surprise, they still had other Tea's up their sleeve.  After staring at the menu for what felt like forever, (I could tell the worker was thinking to herself, "will you hurry up and decide, you're making my line long!") I finally just asked the girl what she recommends.  She said her "melon" tea is really popular and gave me a sample!  I was in love at first sip..Much to my relief I finally just said yes get me that!  And my indecision problems were over right? AND NO.. She asked me what level of sweetness I would prefer.. And i was use to "sugar" or "no sugar" but no, there is percentage levels of sweetness here.. From 0% to 110%, you had to tell them how sweet you wanted your TEA!  I felt like saying 69.69% sweetness please, just to see what she would say.. But because i was holding up the line i just went with 100% which is normal by the way. So I waited a couple minutes and another worker called my name and poured me a small sample of the drink I ordered.. It was so good! She packaged up the rest and I was ready to go..Oh by the way, there are 2 sizes of BOBA here, Big and Small.. Sadly they were out of BIG BALLS so i had to settle for small ones. But they were just as good.. You know me and my BALLS, AMazeballs! I definitely will be back to try many of their other drinks and this is definitely a place you should check out! FYI:-parking wasn't a problem-line moves fast-clean bathroom-free wifi-CASH ONLY-lots of chairs-LOTS OF CHINESE (that's how you know this place is LEGIT)So, who wants to go back and get some BALLZ with me! LEMME KNOW! WE GO!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,11/17/2013,136,217,3,10,8>Doubt I would have ever found this place without Yelpers, so thank you!!This is how God intended sushi to be enjoyed: at the counter, with a passionate chef, and with some damn good sake.I've only been here once, but I'm ready to commit. The quality is phenomenal and the atmosphere is relaxed.  Located in Restaurant Row, park in the garage for validation.Don't be afraid to ask Kinchan what's good (both sushi and sake), and if you order omakase, let him know what types of things you like, he'll blow your mind.The aji was the highlight of my trip this weekend.  A fatty cut of Kyushu horse mackerel served with grated ginger, green onion, and a dash of ponzu (no shoyu for this one!). yelp.com/biz_photos/kin-…Other highlights were negi-toro, uni, and salmon.  Unless he has the fresh botan ebi, the shrimp is the boiled kind, which is meh.  Tha lean maguro is local-caught big eye ahi.Great interactive place for a date as each nigiri order is in a pair, so share the variety!!  Kinchan is from Saitama, so it's prepared Edogawa style, one bite please!!Available to rent out for private and corporate events (15 people max).  There's a projector screen if whatever you're presenting pairs well with sushi and sake (which is everything, duh.  Just make sure to invite me).One parting note, if you've never had a good tamago-yaki nigiri, try it here, it's perfection.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,11/16/2013,507,775,9,13,15>I stumbled out of the NEX on the opening day of this awesome coffee shop. Me: "Oh my God... What is that smell?"My friend: " I don't know. I don't smell it." She looks at my daughter and asked, " Is it you?" Me: " No it's.... COFFEE." I couldn't get out of that NEX line fast enough. I was about to start scanning my own items for them! I come out look the the right, to the left. I didn't see it. Followed my nose and bam. A line of coffee drinkers. After being sleep deprived from being single parent for the last few weeks I was about to start paying people to let me be first. I came to the front (which by the way is the opposite of Starbucks which is the line starts by the baked goods) Once I figured out that I needed to be on the Cash Register side I was up there any ready to order anything.  Oh my gosh they have Dirty Chais!! (It says "Espresso Chai tea"  (Most places I've found lately if I ask for a dirty chai they look at me like I want to take them out back! ) Warning: This place is whole bean espresso city! When I mean you order a large you get 4 SHOTS of Espresso. Woo hoo.... Just what I need to get through the Commissary!! So Small= 2 shots, Medium= 3 shots, Large= 4 shots. I've been back several times now. Holding people by their hand and dragging them to see Coffee Bean. Quite the bang for your buck! I recently had a friend here that liked white chocolate mocha, but asked for only 1 and a half shots of espresso. Mm.... I'll take those! Remember Honor First. Coffee Second. and if your feeling really patriotic, buy a deployed soldier (or service member) a cup of Joe. Pretty sweet!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,11/15/2013,442,466,25,35,27>EXPERIENCE and ADVENTURE TOURS! (Kama'aina rates available!). We had a gift certificate that was about to expire and chose the Movie site tour and the jungle expedition. SECRET ISLAND 3hr excursion. yelp.com/biz/secret-isla… (we came back in 8/2013 to do Secret Island)...MOVIE SITES and RANCH TOURThis 1 hour tour takes you on an open air bus that drives way into the valley past many familiar scenes from Hawaii 5-0, Godzilla, and other movies. The ATV tour will take you to all the same scenes but kids under 16 aren't allowed on the ATVs so this was the best option for us.  See if you remember these scenes... the bunker from "Pearl Harbor", yelp.com/biz_photos/kual…the tree stump from "Jurassic Park", yelp.com/biz_photos/kual…the fake submarine prop from "Lost", yelp.com/biz_photos/kual…and a moai in the middle of nowhere:yelp.com/biz_photos/kual…During this tour we learned about the history of the ranch, drove past the first sugar mill on Oahu, and we saw bunkers they actually used during WWII. Along the way we saw plenty of cattle, horses, chickens, and beautiful waterfalls (because of the heavy rain the previous day). The kids loved this tour and it was calm compared to the next tour we took. JUNGLE EXPEDITION TOURThis extremely bumpy fast paced tour started in a 6-wheel drive Swiss Pinzgauer. There are no seatbelts and those things are 50 years old. They are not exactly smooth riding.yelp.com/biz_photos/kual…This was a very memorable experience. You will know the person next to you intimately once the ride is over, especially if you fall into their lap, grab onto their xxx while you cling for dear life. It's not that bad but I definitely got a nice core workout trying to stabilize myself for an hour.This tour goes up the mountain and overlooks the Moli'i fishpond. yelp.com/biz_photos/kual…A few more stops along the way and then we were all the way at the top of the jungle (near the burial site in "Lost") with sweeping views of Kaneohe Bay. It was unbelieveable. It was what I imagine all my hiking friends feel like when they get to the top of their mountains except I cheated and rode on a 6-wheeler."LEDGENDS OF KUALOA"(aka PRIME RIB DINNER buffet and HULA SHOW)I wanted to skip this (we were the only non-tourists) but it came with the gift certificate so we stayed for the prime rib buffet dinner which included teri chicken, garlic shrimp, prime rib, veggies, rice, mashed potatoes, taro rolls, green salad and cake. It was actually pretty GOOD! The salad was fresh, the dressings were great, the shrimp was juicy and plump, the chicken was not overdone, and I don't have anything bad to say about the dinner. Hows this for cool...Our disposable plates were made out of banana leaves(!!) - who does that anymore!!?? yelp.com/biz_photos/kual…yelp.com/biz_photos/kual…THE HULA SHOWI thought it was going to be a touristy fake show and wanted to leave after dinner so I wouldn't have to drive back in the dark but boy did they show me. This was a HULA show performed by part-Hawaiian men and women who were graduates of Kamehameha school. They were beyond AWESOME. There were no Tahitian dancers in coconut bras, there were no Samoan fire throwing guys, and none of that Haka stuff happened.  This was straight up Hula at its finest.  I was so impressed with the quality of dancers and was mesmorized by the H-O-T guy dancers--oh I mean stories that they told through each song that I would gladly go again the next time I have a visitor. They introduced all the Hawaiian instruments one by one and then put them together in a chant. (BTW that was very cool!!) Of course at the end they did one hula lesson with members from the audience like other shows but this is nothing like the other touristy shows. I don't know if they rotate the dancers but we went on a Thursday night and they were fantastic.  if you're already at Kualoa, stay for the dinner and show. This is the real deal, and there's nowhere else to eat around Kualoa anyway. This production is top-notch.Thanks to Shandis C for putting this in my bookmark list. Next time I'm doing the 2hr ATV tour like the one she did!! Or maybe Secret Island tour...
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,11/14/2013,408,240,16,28,18>Using a cab in Honolulu is never an experience I have described as luxurious.... Until now!One weekend night, I was meeting Justin out in town.  I didn't want to drive but I didn't want to take a cab alone either.  (First world problems...) I finally decided to call a cab and Eco-cab showed as the first one.  GENIUS! Of course my liberal self would be FAR more safe in a hybrid car!I called them to ask for a cab and was immediately patting myself on the back.  For once it didn't sound like I had called the airport runway, meaning I also didn't have to shout my address into the phone two or three times to be heard correctly!  They came in ten minutes and the second I slid into the back seat, I promptly forgot about my plans for the night.  Is this what it would be like to have a chauffeur?! No weird smells to pinpoint, just the smooth leather new car smell.  The kind, young driver introduced himself, asked where I was going and didn't even start the meter until he explained the iPad in front of me.  IPAD!? Say, what?! Yes there was an iPad in front of my face.  You used it to control the music (automatically making the car ride more enjoyable), watch YouTube videos, surf the net, etc.  What a glorious idea... No more small talk with an exhausted cab driver!Now I am by no means a townie.  If a cab driver told me a road was closed and we had to go to Waikiki through Aiea, I probably wouldn't even blink. This is why I appreciated when the cab driver told me that they don't have a system like normal cab companies.  Eco Cab drivers are salaried.  They get their tips but the difference between a slow night and a crazy night is not as pronounced. Basically, they don't need to try to charge you more because they don't get that money directly.Overall, I had an amazing, relaxing cab ride (not worrying about carbon emissions) and now have found my first choice for cab rides!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,11/13/2013,302,378,9,20,15>Move over Saint Germain, there's a new kid in town. And oddly enough, they are occupying the spot that Saint Germain used to have in the bottom floor of Shirokiya.This is the first Brug Bakery to open outside of Japan and they serve German and European bread that pack a lot of flavor. They are only in soft opening mode for now, with the grand opening happening on July 3rd where the founder of Brug Bakery, Takemura Katsuhide, will be in attendance. When I stopped in today, it seemed like they were selling out of their goodies pretty quickly. I managed to snatch up an olive bread, a corn mayo pizza, and some custard bread which I can't remember what it was called. The olive bread, to no ones surprise, tasted like olives and bread. That's fine with me since I love bread and I love olives. The corn mayo pizza was pretty interesting. It tastes like the corn mayo sushi at Genki minus the rice, but plus the bread.The custard one, is the winner. This is the single item that will bring back customers in droves. I still can't remember what it's called, but it tastes like kissing an angel. Yeah, it's THAT damn good.The service was pretty great. They greeted me with a smile, and in true Japanese fashion, they apologized for my wait time (which was less than a minute) to be rung out. So far, so good for Brug. I love it, and all my co-workers love it. And as much as I loved Saint Germain, I'm glad they moved out to make way for Brug.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,11/12/2013,210,228,6,9,7>It's been forever since my fellow foodie Tze M. and I went on a noodoh adventure. A friend of hers had tried Kim An and posted pictures on Instagram of their meal, which immediately resulted in Tze sending me the pictures and telling me we were eating there.What drew us in was the Vietnamese take on Hainese Chicken. We both love the rice that comes with this meal and were willing to give this place a go. The bun bo hue also caught our eye. As we waited in line on a Sunday afternoon, Tze and I noticed that there was at least one bowl of bun bo hue at the each table. That cemented it. We would get Hainese Chicken (number 1) and bun bo hue (number 10) and share.The bun bo hue came with trotters, sausage, blood cake, and beef in a spicy broth over thick white, udon-ish noodles. It also came with a large plate of herbs and condiments such as bean sprouts and banana blossoms. We added everything except the lemon and the chilis because we wanted to taste the broth. I have to say this was the stand out of the meal to me. I don't even like blood cake, but I find theirs to be tasty when eaten with the spicy broth. The banana blossoms, while sappy tasting on their own, added something special to the broth and the culantro (spiky leaf), mint, and bean sprouts added a lightness to the soup that really balanced and rounded the flavors out. I also really liked the chewiness of the noodles. The Hainese chicken was really delicious, but by the time we ordered, they were out of the rice. We were devastated. DEVASTATED. I mean, that was kinda the whole reason we came to Kim An in the first place! Was to have the rice with the Hainese Chicken!! I will say the chicken was really flavorful, but I could have done without the herb that comes on top. There was something offputting about it to me. I will say, the spicy chili sauce that they serve with the chicken. It's like thai sweet chili sauce that isn't cloyingly sweet, it was really excellent. We definitely have to come back some time when their aren't sold out of the rice and definitely for the bun ho bue!!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,11/11/2013,104,160,10,17,14>OK I admit it - I have been reluctant to try this place.  I am not sure why - maybe because the shopping center it is in is made up af a Kentucky Fried Chicken and a 7-11 store.  This restaurant is also nestled between a Chinese restaurant and a church  - both of which look like they have been there for years  - so honestly I was a bit skeptical.  I was proven wrong - do not judge a book by it's cover.  I went here with my family and so pleasantly surprised I really was planning at the table when we would come back again.First dont let the outside fool you - the restaurant itself is pretty large and set up for family style dining.  They took time to make the space look modern and open while maximizing the space they have.  This is not your intimate Japanese restaurant - it is where you go with your kids and family to have good food, catch up and laugh loudly! I like that they have a good mix here, from sushi to teishoku dinners.  If you order a dinner and not just sushi, KIDS EAT FREE - yes all you parents out there you heard it - kids eat free!  AWESOME.  I am not talking a wimpy menu  - mochiko chicken, teriyaki chicken, shrimp tempura - and ice cream or chave ice is included!We tried the Nattochos - not bad - I am not a fan of Nato - but this was pretty good - expect a little bit of the slime but they balance it well with avocado and a crispy won ton type chip.We also had the Shrimp tempura, spicy tuna Donburi, Ocean Roll (yum - I recommend trying this one)) and Dragon roll. Everything tasted very fresh and they have a uniques sweet and spicy sauce on the spice ahi dishes and sushi.   I left very full!!I appreciated the fact that there was plenty of parking and that they were kid friendly!  I will definitely come back!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,11/10/2013,242,168,6,7,9>Dang the long is so long!^^ that was my quick tip, partially a joke because we showed up in a group of 20+ people, but it's typically true on any other night. Bubbies always makes me happy. Who doesn't like ice cream, right? I had the pleasure of splitting a banana split (yes, pun intended there) with Emi H. We had 3 scoops: rocky road, banana with strawberry swirl and mint chocolate chip, all smothered with hot fudge, caramel and butterscotch then blanketed with whipped cream and topped with 3 gummy bears (I love gummy bears!).  s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com…It was delicious! we tried with all our might and came pretty close to killing the whole thing. I think the great part about Bubbies is it's a great place to just hang out and talk story over your ice cream. It's a nice change compared to the typical bar and cocktail. Wholesome. Well, everything except for the conversation that was going on at our table (Emi H., Claire F. Jordan C, Paul C. and Gary N. are the only ones privy'd to that information). Nonetheless, it's a great throwback to an old pastime of visiting the ice cream shop with a bunch of friends and having a good time.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,11/9/2013,165,151,12,13,16>Must Order: Kahlua Cheesecake, Cookie Butter Cheesecake, The Amazing PlainDid I ever tell you the story about the year of the cheesecake where all I wanted was Otto Cake? Then it was my birthday and for lunch a couple friends and I went to Otto Cake and demolished 4-5 slices before eating real food. Needless to say that was a slight mistake. I probably wouldn't recommend anyone eating to that excess. Fast forward to their NEW location in Kaimuki. I've been thinking that Kaimuki will be the new foodie hub and Otto Cake arriving there is adding to this theory! I love that they were able to still keep the same vibe of their former location in Chinatown but in a more safe and welcoming environment.Today I had happened to read Grant S.'s article on Non Stop Honolulu announcing the Cookie Butter Cheesecake and damned if I didn't go straight to Otto Cake as soon as I could. I mean Cookie Butter is like crack for this self proclaimed cookie-monster-with-a-major-sweet-tooth. Putting it in a cheesecake? Only the kind of GENIUS thinking you will get from Otto Cake.COOKIE BUTTER CHEESE CAKE (5 belly rubs) $5/slice: yelp.com/biz_photos/otto…I couldn't quite taste the richness of Cookie Butter that I'm used to... although I question that because I have eaten Cookie Butter straight off a spoon so my tasting might be a bit skewed. However, it was its' usual amazingness of a cheesecake with a hint of Snickerdoodle flavor in the aftertaste. Yeah, I'm not complaining here...I had REALLY wanted to order the cookie butter cheesecake for our wedding cake but alas he was out of cookie butter. Damn, I KNEW I should have saved my reserve stash! I did end up ordering the amazing plain because this girl ain't having no regular wedding cake... she's having an Otto Cake Cheesecake! My friends would expect nothing less from me...
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,11/8/2013,187,83,9,10,13>Deciding on brunchin with your girlfriends randomly on Sunday morning... brilliant idea.  Deciding to go to Morning glass while all I can think of is food... not so brilliant.  It's an extremely small cafe, with no AC.. I know I am making it sound daunting, but I still gave it a 5 star because of the service, free wifi (1 hr limit), quaint ambiance, and exceptional food!  While the wait can take long, they do offer you an opportunity to sip on some free ice cold water, order an iced latte, or try one of their scrumptious looking scones (blueberry, ginger spice, etc.).  You also get to sign yourself up for a table on the clipboard by the door, my psuedo name is Steph.  Go wild with that fancy name you always wanted.The service here is exceptional.  I can't say it enough.  For people in the service industry to be happy when there's no AC says a lot in my book.  I commend you on your cheery attitude and the contagious smile... all with NO AC. haha sorry, I sweat.. a lot, those moistaches are just too embarrassing.  When I saw mac n' cheese pancakes on the menu, I just had to have it.  I love everything mac n' cheese.. pasta and cheese, you can't go wrong with that.  Besides that, I had caramel latte (yummy!) and roasted potatoes.  It was so delicious.  I couldn't finish it all and can't wait to devour it later.They have their own parking lot, which makes parking there a bit easier.  :)Note: They have another location in Kaa'kako (691 Auahi St.).  I am not sure how big or how the food is here, but just a thought in case you don't want to go to manoa.Yelp Review #68
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,11/7/2013,830,800,6,19,11>Today was my first time trying Off Da Hook and I walked away a very happy customer.I tried their shrimp ceviche combo for $10 (entree + a drink). It came with a good sized portion of fresh shrimp, cut in half, slivers of red onion and bell peppers, cubes of sweet pineapple and topped with toasted coconut. You also get a mini side of mixed taro chips which were great to scoop up the ceviche or have as a salty bites inbetween the forkfuls of shrimp. Upon first bite, I realized that this is not your ordinary tart ceviche where everything is swimming in lime juice. This is more of a Latin-Hawaiian fusion ceviche since you have the sweet pineapples and the toasted coconut. Their ceviche has a great flavor, something you would really like when eating ceviche in Hawaii. Their sugar cane drink is also great on a hot day. I'm accustomed to the super sweet sugar cane drinks. Theirs is more mild but still good.I also got to try their dessert: arroz con leche. It was topped with dulce de leche caramel and whipped cream. This is a home run dessert. So freakin' tasty! Service is phenomenal. The guys are ultra friendly, always smiling. They bring out your food to you if you're sitting at their little table and they ask how the food is. They want to please their customers and you can't help but love 'em for that. And if you plan to be a regular, make sure you ask for their stamp card. After 10 visits, you get a free combo.Support local! These guys are cool =)
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,11/6/2013,207,115,7,18,20>Its nice to come back to a place when you are much older so you can appreciate a locally owned and run establishment. Forty Niners was a staple for my grandfather and I back when he would watch me over the summer. Back then it was a rundown saimin and burger joint that certainly did not have the allure of a McDonalds.Now, its the same rundown place, aesthetically the same and I wouldnt change a thing. I love that they still have the same red chairs that I sat in as a 7 year old.  What has changed is my perspective on what has value. Value is not the corporate McDonalds that proudly serves a billion, its the contrary. The locally owned and operated anti-McDonalds that takes pride keeping its individualism by providing great comfort food with outstanding service. Forty Niner's has the best hamburger steak (2 patties per serving) and diner style burgers in my opinion. Their hamburger patty is delicate in texture but still has a crust on the outer layer and their gravy homemade or not I have no clue, is delicious. I've tried their loco moco, hamburger steak, teri-burger, egg-burger and French fries and love them all. You can't go wrong with this place, the food is excellent and just what you'd hoped it would be. This establishment gets an easy 5 stars from me because they know what they want to accomplish and they do it excellently. Their niche in today's market is very few and far between and they keep the history alive with a young and vibrant staff, hopefully to be around for many more years.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,11/5/2013,154,194,8,16,18>Once upon a time, I used to have negative views about the Humane Society, but that's a long time ago and a very long story so I'll save you the torture.A year ago a cat got stuck in our backyard. I kept hearing a faint meow that went on/off for about two days but didn't know where it was coming from. It bugged me on the second day because the meowing sounded more urgent, so on a hunch, I climbed up onto our terraced  yard planter and looked down over our tall 6 ft wall. It would have been the end of the story if there was only one wall but that was not the case. The cat was stuck between our back yard wall and the neighbor's wall. We built our wall first and the neighbors behind us put up a taller wall behind it, creating a narrow space between the two walls which were only a few inches wide.Apparently, Mr. Cat ran between the two walls head-on (probably chasing a mouse) and got its head wedged in the narrowest part of the wall and was unable to back out. From what I could see of the cat's eyes, it was glazed-looking and the cat was very thin, probably dehydrated. I tried sprinkling water on the cat's head with a garden hose but it did not even try to drink. I tied a piece of meat to a string and lowered it in front of the cat's head so it could take in some nutrition but it wouldn't eat. I called the Fire Department but they said they would have to break down the wall, which would have cost several thousands of dollars with no guarantee that the cat would even live, given its current condition. I called the Hawaii Humane Society and this was on a Sunday. I never would have thought they were going to be able to come to our house on a Sunday, and it was rapidly approaching early evening. The dispatcher said they only had one driver, so sit tight. Thirty minutes later, the officer arrived (I wish I could remember his name, it started with a V). We tried to brainstorm on how to get the cat out. Finally Officer V had a solution; he could try the dog-wrangling collar but it may kill the cat as the noose-like collar went around the neck of the animal. The only solution we could think of was to collar the cat and pull the cat straight up. If we didn't do anything, the cat would die anyway. Officer V assured me that he was "not leaving until I get that cat out of there". After several minutes of trying to get the large dog noose around a tiny cat's head, Officer V's skill paid off, and he was able to snag the cat by the throat and pull the cat straight up and over the wall. As soon as he laid the cat on the ground, the cat shot off  like a bat out of hell, which told us the cat still had 8 lives left. I later found out someone had posted a "Lost Cat" sign in our neighborhood and this cat was theirs, along with another cat (a 3-legged cat of all things).I wrote to the Humane Society to let them know how grateful we were and we got a nice Thank You letter back from the President of the HHS, Pam Burns. That was completely unexpected but very nice. The Hawaii Humane Society changed my mind about how they run things. If we only knew the fraction of the things they had to do, we'd be more likely to applaud their efforts, not criticize them. PS. Mr Cathead apparently got adopted by a local family as the original owner moved to the mainland.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,11/4/2013,230,143,9,15,12>Consistently the MOISTEST cupcakes in Hawaii.  Trust me, I'm a cupcake fiend!! Obsessed about trying every cupcake place or if there's cupcake on the menu!  They offer more classic flavors. They are not as creative or crazy as the others but, if you are looking for honest good flavor and freshness this is the place.  Still the most decadent!!  My mouth is watering for this right NOW!ENVIRONMENT2 locations. The 1st & original location is in the Aina Haina Shopping Center.  Lots of parking.  Seating? Not much, if anything, there is a small courtyard in that center where you can enjoy your cupcake goodness, otherwise take it to go!  The 2nd location is in downtown in the Davies Pacific Center on Bishop St.  Parking sucks at this location because, they do not validate. So, it's great for the peeps that work in the downtown area to walk to. Beware lunch time has long lines, so call in, ask for the flavors, & order it beforehand :)SERVICEGood enough.  Fairly quick.CONCLUSIONBest cupcakes on Oahu.  Moist. Trust.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,11/3/2013,462,496,2,14,9>Ever since I got introduced to this place a few weeks ago, I've never gone to Chinatown (Mei-Sum) for dim sum again...It's located on the 3rd floor of the Ala Moana shopping center, right next to Macaroni grill and Islands fine burgers. The things I love about Jade:CLEANNESSEveryone knows that Chinese restaurant are not known for the cleanliness place to eat at regardless of their location, but Jade Dynasty is one of the cleanness Chinese restaurant around!FOODThe food here is really good and they aren't stingy with the servings. Their shrimp hau gau (shrimp dumpling) is one of the best I've ever had and it has real chunks of shrimp in there. I also love their fried tofu with this sauce on it...perfect combo! And my new fave now is their "spring mountain coconut buns" really yummy! The right enough sweetness to it with the right amount of coconut inside and it comes delivered to you soft and warm, plus they give you 4 of them! Since I don't eat meat, I know I'm limited to many of their fish but my friends I've gone here with has never been disappointed with their food selections and the taste. It's a lot more pricier for the food but it's not as expensive as people claim it to be.SERVICEService is excellent here! You are always greeted with "ALOHA" upon walking in. The only problem at times is their isn't always a hostess in the front when you walk in, it takes several seconds of waiting and poking your head around in finding someone but someone always does show up. The waiters here checks up on you the right amount of time and they are usually good at delivering your food and any other things you need (chop sticks, hot mustard, the check etc.) in a jippy. Jade also has a bar inside so if you feel the need to have a cocktail during dim sum then no problem. LOCATIONLocation is key. Tons of parking located in Ala Moana shopping center and you can shop before or after having your dim sum/Chinese food fix. The restaurant is huge, huge enough to have private parties in rooms and on the main dining area (like I've witnessed several times)...kinda strange but most times they have dividers to block off the parties from the crowd.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,11/2/2013,391,466,6,6,8>I love, love, love when we find an amazing restaurant hidden in disguise of a business building. I don't know how I didn't find this place before. I love Italian and finding another Italian place to add on my go-to list is great.Didn't know what to expect since we were not familiar with the area. Parked in an empty, creepy and murder-ish feeling parking lot and walked down to the first floor. Hidden in a corner was the restaurant. Nice little quaint restaurant. I was excited as there was an open table perfect for two. She sat us immediately. We were hungry so we got through the menu pretty quickly. Ordered two glasses of wine and put in our orders. I had the fettuccine carbonara and my husband ordered the spaghetti with chicken. The bread they served was pretty fresh and our server always checked on us. Finally got our food. Oopsy they sorta kinda forgot to add the chicken to my husband's order but fixed it immediately. Service was on it. Food tastes amazing and I was full half way through my meal. I loved everything that I ate.La Cucina is a great option if you want Italian. I read multiple times that the chef makes their noodles fresh and the taste of the food shows quality and expertise. I've been shouting over mountain tops for people to try this place. Well I don't want everyone to try it all at once or we won't get a seat.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/1/2013,439,153,9,11,11>And my longest relationship goes to: Dr. Hellreich of Kailua Dermatology Associates! Yay!Yes, it's true, I've been seeing Dr. H for over 20 years. That's the longest I've ever seen anyone. Too bad he's already married.With that being said, I must note that Dr. H looks exactly the same as when I first met him over 20 years ago. That's a good skin doctor! I can only tell that he's older because he has more hair growing out of his ears. Yes, I've started going to him as a teenager with pimples and I'm still going to him because I'm an adult with pimples. It's a tough life being an adult with acne. Darn genetics and hormones! But seeing Dr. H helps keep my acne in check and I'm usually pimple free.  And in case if you're wondering, I did try to go off the meds for a bit, and you know what? I became a gigantic pimple!  It was so gross!  I'll spare you the details.Seriously, though he's been on the best doctors list numerous times.  The only gripe is that sometimes the wait does take a while because he tries to see everyone.  Which I guess is good for him.  So if you have an appointment, arrive 15 minutes early so that you will be seen on time.  Because even if you are 5 minutes early, your appointment may get backed up to half an hour.  And if you're late to your appointment, expect to wait an hour.  The staff really tries to speed things up, but sometimes one back up backs everything up, so be early!!  And parking is in the municipal lot or on the street.  I always put an hour in my meter to be safe.  And yes, they are accepting new patients.  So if you are having any skin problems, you can go over an see Dr. H.  I told Dr. H that I kept having this rash when ever I ate shrimp and I went to the allergist to try to clear it up, but nothing happened.  Mind you, I ate shrimp before and never had a reaction, it just happened suddenly!  Told Dr. H about it, he prescribed some meds and it was gone!  Thanks Dr. H!I think Dr. H wants to retire, but he hasn't found the right person to take over his office.  Who ever takes over his office, though better keep me pimple free.  I can't wait to grow out of this phase, but it looks as if I'll never grow up!!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,10/31/2013,56,361,5,13,9>I know it's a bit much for me to give 5 stars when the restaurant has only been open for a week and I have only been there once...but I can predict that I will be back.It's a small restaurant that can fit maybe 30 people max...ocean-side of Hotel and Nuuanu.Went for lunch--didn't need a reservation, but once people figure this place out, I can see it might get crowded. But it was pretty fast.  Lunch opens at 11am.Falafel $6.50: appetizer came with 4 small disc shaped falafel things.  Small but packed some good flavor + the yogurt sauce.  I could have inhaled another plate of rhtese.Chicken Tajine $16.95: it normally comes with fries on top but you need the tasty rice to soak up all that sauce.  Mmmmm. So good but so bad.  2 Chicken thighs (bone-in) soaked in a saffron type sauce.  Wow.Chicken Kabobs (Shish Taouk) $15.95: hearty portion with 2 kabobs, a mound of rice, tabouleh, hummus (garlic goodness).  I couldn't finish it all, but I really wanted to. I think it is chicken breast, cooked on the skewerVegetarian couscous $15.95: a huge pile of buttery couscous covered in veggies. I could have done without the undercooked hunks of cabbage. I hear there is an outdoor patio seating area but I didn't see it.Next time I want to try more of the appetizer dishes that looked really fresh and tasty.  There is a tabouleh like appetizer that comes with hearty tomatoes I think.  There's also a mint tea that looked good, but I'm not a mint fan, so not for me.Takes credit cards.Street parking or municipal lots.I'll be back...for lunch, for dinner, for whatever they serve.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,10/30/2013,472,366,22,20,20>When you're in the mood for a feast, strangely I'm always in the mood for one, this is the place to go! I've never been disappointed here except when it was time to admit defeat. I don't enjoy saying no to food, but all good things have to come to an end.Sikdorak is a buffet hole-in-wall. Mysteriously, the meat is never-ending, and it all comes from a back corner of the room. It's like magic. Ask and you shall receive! I think the waitress just goes in the back, snaps her fingers, says some magic words in Korean, and poof, the meat appears. She might wave a wand too. I'm not completely sure, because I can't see her that well. But that's how fast it is! There's all kinds of meat too from rib-eye, to beef tongue, to spicy pork, to chicken, and the list goes on! Just be careful to eat most of what you order or you will be liable for extra charges. Parking and seating can be a bit rough at peak times (it's a small place), but it's BYOB. Great for parking lot pregaming! Not quite sure if it's legal or okay with the security there, but it seems legit. If anything happens, you didn't hear it from me! After midnight is a no-no for BYOB though. The buffet is $19.95 and includes the banchan and rice with sauces. There are also a number of specials and ala carte items. They are pictured in large posters on the walls. If you need help with anything, just push a button. There's one on every table. Just don't rest your elbow on it like my friend did. He had no idea there was a button on the table and it irritated the heck out of the waitress.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,10/29/2013,299,171,15,16,17>"No shrimp.""--shrimp""Right.  Wait.  No shrimp..?""okay, yes""no no ..because, I cannot eat shrimp""okay, okay, no shrimp"Aaand we're good.  I hope.The communication isn't always perfect here at Little Village, but at least it's clear what' is in the dishes.  The menu is very extensive and there are descriptions under each item.My favorite things so far:  Mu-Shu RollLettuce WrapTofu with Bamboo Fungus.  You can't go wrong with the Mu-Shu Roll.  The thin crepe has a sort of floury taste that I actually really enjoy and crave now.  They bring the crepes, filling, and hoisin sauce to your table, put a light layer of hoisin onto the crepe and make the rolls for you.  The filling is so flavorful, they give you hoisin on the side, but I never need it.The Lettuce Wrap is light and refreshing. The mix of minced chicken, chives, mushrooms, bean sprouts, and chestnuts.  Just delicious.Tofu with Bamboo Fungus, probably my favorite dish yet.  They don't skimp, although I might like more of the bamboo fungus.  They use a firm tofu which adds a good hearty element.  The snap peas are only lightly cooked.  It's on the mild side, but has a good unique flavor.  yelp.com/biz_photos/litt…The Pan-Fried Turnover with turnip and parsley was a shot in the dark.  It was a nice change of pace, though very mild.  It comes with a sauce, but I liked it best with the chili oil, available upon request. yelp.com/biz_photos/litt…Minute Chicken with noodles is another safety dish.  Great flavor, generous portion, delicious noodles.The Singapore Rice Noodle I requested without shrimp, which they accommodated.  It was still hearty with the char-siu and vegetables.  The curry overpowered the dish, although it is somewhat light and savory.  Maybe it needed the shrimp.  I like the noodles, but the dish just wasn't for me.  yelp.com/biz_photos/litt…Shanghai Mochi Stir Fried, now this is interesting.  I'd get it again.  The smokiness was a pleasant surprise, again, very good sauce.  This is a hearty dish, the mochi is chewy.  It's a jaw strengthening dish.  As leftovers, you'd better heat it up.  I loved the big won bok stems, plus bamboo shoot and mushroom, the pork was okay, I almost at around it. yelp.com/biz_photos/litt…On one visit we had a very hard time getting hot tea at our table.  I think we asked three times and it still didn't come.  Finally I walked up to the front and said forcefully, "We would like hot tea at that table there."  A minute later we had our tea.The service is otherwise patient and good.  My water is has never been empty for long, and I drink LOTS of water with food like this.ParkingThe private parking lot is small, but there's usually a spot or two.  It can be a pain to get to with all the one way streets, but hey it's free.  I brought my dad here for our weekly lunch, I think we have a new go-to spot.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,10/28/2013,107,132,13,11,11>Yay! I'm so happy I made the long and arduous journey to Aiea to see Gara. She is just so damn sweet and friendly! I could gush, but I'll stick to the basics.Location: Aiea, by the Aiea Snack Shop. The parking lot is a bit wonky, but nothing too crazy.Ambiance: So nice! You see the exterior of the building and it's all rundown strip mall. Then, you walk into Gara's and it's *so nice*. Mood lighting, Adele crooning at you, the incredible bionic table, and muted shades and flickering candles everywhere. Also, tea/coffee/cocoa/water for you to drink. She has a bathroom, too!Service: is amazing. She's super sweet and talks to you the whole time. After offering the bathroom and a cup of your favorite beverage, she leads you to "the room" and explains the process, her waxes, her technique, and asks you if you have questions. Then she leaves and lets you get undressed before she gets started. And she is damn thorough. I've never done hard wax before, so she did a strip of that and a strip of the regular wax so I could feel the difference. Hard wax is far less painful, but takes longer and requires you to go over the area more than once. Answer: I like hard wax. She uses a combo of both to achieve the best result. She also tweezes the be sure you are perfect. I don't know about you, but having some lady all up in my *ahem* makes me nervous. I'm not even going to go into how I always wind up with a male doctor for my well woman exam once a year. Shit's uncomfortable, but you just have to breathe deep and remember they do this all day. (Okay, okay... I'll tell you one little story. I was at the health clinic waiting for my annual visit o' fun a few years ago, when some medical student (male) randomly introduced himself and said he was going to observe my procedure and that I shouldn't worry, he was only going to watch. Well, okay I guess. I was already uncomfortable, so the idea of some young pup ooh'ing and ahh'ing over my *ahem* was not awesome in my book, but my mom is a nurse and I know the medical students have to learn *somewhere*, so I said okay. So the two of us have a totally awkwad wait in the spare exam room as the doc is apparently having some issues with his computer. Medical pup leaves the room to see what the hold up is (it's been probably 30 mins) and comes back in red as a beet and stuttering. Poor thing had no idea what "my procedure" was going to be and apologized to me and practically ran out of the room. I think it's safe to say he's not going to be a gynecologist. Several minutes later I meet my doc and start the exam. He's an old Scottish man and just as friendly as can be, but a little scatterbrained. We do the exam and are alllllmost done, when he turns to the side and says "uh oh". Of all the phrases a doctor can utter with his hand in your *ahem*, "uh oh" is not what you want to hear. He then turns back to me and says " My computer just crashed, again. Looks like I'm going to have to start over". Arggghhh!)Price: Is good. Not the cheapest Brazilian I've ever had, nor the most expensive. I am so happy that she accepts credit cards and allows you to tip on the card. I have no clue why people at so many service places don't allow tips on the card, but I think it's a pain in the ass to have to carry cash or alternately look like a douche when you pay and they say "Cash only for tips" and you don't happen to have cash on you because you unthinkingly just donated your last $5 to the local firefighters fill the boot campaign on the way to the salon. Gara is wonderful! Go to her and get waxed, threaded and beautified!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,10/27/2013,233,163,3,10,8>For the life of me, I just don't understand why I didn't discover this place sooner. Kat's is located on the beginning of S. King street (right before the gas station and One Archer Lane). They open for dinner at 5:30. We went around 6, and there was only one other table occupied in the place. The restaurant is SMALL...it consists of (4) 4-top tables and about 8 seats at the counter. We didn't make reservations, we were just lucky that we went early and that it wasn't crowded. Note for next visit: MAKE RESERVATIONS. Just in case!AYCE option is about $23/person. You may order 5 types per round. No leftovers (or you risk being charged), which is completely understandable. The menu selection isn't the most extensive, but for an all you can eat sushi deal, it is pretty good!  Oh, and it is BYOB!There is only one waitress and one sushi chef. Both were polite and very nice! Understandably, if it was crowded, then I can only imagine how impatient and rude some customers may get.  They would probably complain about everything: the wait, the ordering restrictions for the AYCE option, that there was only one sushi chef, that their sushi took so long to come, etc. etc. If you happen to be one of these people, do everyone a favor and just go elsewhere please. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the sushi (I didn't expect much from a $23 sushi "buffet")! The quality of the rice could have been a little higher, but that is just a thought, and not a complaint by any means. My favorite was the scallop handroll, which looked like tobiko, but it was DELICIOUS! I lost track of how many of these I consumed....it was that good. Close behind was the spicy salmon & Hawaiian handroll, and of course my beloved tamago nigiri.  The handrolls are the way to go (in my opinion), although I can also see how eating a million nigiri would equate to some as the better deal. We ate SO much, it was ridiculous. The bill was only $48 (I had a cup of ocha too), when we probably ate well over twice that amount. So when your next sushi craving hits (and you don't really feel like dropping bills at Gaku, Mitch's, Tokkuri Tei, or the like).....you know where to come!  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,10/26/2013,145,245,6,11,10>What a great find, why didn't I see this place before?  We are coming back for more just to try all of the different flavors.  You can really tell it's made from fresh fruit and not from syrup, not too overwhelmingly sweet.  Here is a breakdown:Raspberry - it's one of the premium flavors that is bit more expense, but worth it.  A bit tart which is expected for raspberry.Blueberry - Out of the regular flavors this is probably the strongest.  You'll even see bits of seeds.  If you like blueberry, this the flavor to try.Strawberry - Pretty close second.  They must have put the strawberry in a puree as we didn't find any seeds but tasted like fresh strawberry.Cantaloupe - not bad, but not one of our favorites.  The flavor is too subtle for us.The regular flavors are $4.75 for a small and $6.00 for a large.  The large is enough for two people to share.  It's a bit pricey, but when you think about it, the same price when ordering a dessert at a sit down restaurant.  The premium flavors run for about $1 to $2 more.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,10/25/2013,304,150,6,10,8>It was our first time here and we made reservations when they open since we had to go to work after.  Since we were among the first people there they offered us the window seat!  Those chairs are so cool!  Not much of a view haha but still such a cool idea.  I had bought the Yelp deal $5 for $10 worth and made my bf come with me hehe.  We got the basic Afternoon Tea for $19.95 and you can add on a Weekday sharing deal for $9.95 where they give you each a salad, choice of two sandwiches, and the assorted desserts and scones.We each got our choice of teas; I went with their house special and my bf got cookies n cream!  Yes you heard right, cookies n cream tea!!  Never seen that before!  And they were both really good :)!The salad was a spinach salad with strawberries with a nice light dressing, very tasty!  Next the sandwiches we ordered included the tomato cheese and curry chicken salad sandwiches.  They were both great but I think I liked the chicken curry better.  And the scones- blueberry and cranberry, both AMAZING.  With the CLOTTED CREAM....LOVE THAT STUFF!!!  We ate it with all our desserts :P lol!  As far as our mini desserts, we got a lilikoi lemon bar and I think it was a mini caramel cake thing.  They were both delicious as well!  Everything was overall a great experience and everything was so cute and tasty :).The place could use some updating and the location is not really ideal but still a nice cozy place to go.   The parking was a little confusing, but at least they validate for you and have parking available.  Overall, a really nice experience and I am excited to come back!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,10/24/2013,271,404,12,18,15>I've been here 5 times since July 6th.  Perhaps I come here too often because the clerk recognizes me.  He made a comment that I've been here almost daily now and I joked back by mentioning it's a bad sign that he notices me.  He even told me he read my review I posted on Yelp!  Maybe I should stop coming here...I am FOND of their cakes here.  The baked breads and rolls are okay but I'm a fan of their cheesecakes and strawberry shortcake.  Today I stopped by in Chinatown to pick-up some dim sum from Happy Garden and decided to poke my head here only to see 2 versions of cheesecake side-by-side.  The other week I had their baked cheesecake which brought back memories when I lived in Japan.  Although my sister thinks that this cheesecake is too dry for her (in comparison to Otto Cake's that I bought for her in the past) but it's just right for me.Today I kept on eyeing the "fluffy" cheesecake as it seemed airy.  I was very hesitant as I had my mind set on getting another "baked" one but how would I know if I don't try it?  I changed my mind and had the clerk pack a "fluffy" one for me.One word to describe the "fluffy" version:  AMAZING.  It looked very light but it still had the dense consistency of cheesecake and very creamy.  I made the mistake of letting my niece and nephew try it because the next thing I know the whole slice is gone.  Sigh..............One of my sisters is a HUGE fan of the strawberry shortcake here.  It is very good but I've had better as the cake could use more strawberries in between.NOTE:  This place is CASH only.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,10/23/2013,1117,333,23,26,23>We passed by earlier and saw Hank's, being at the Running Room we decided to walk over to the Kapahulu Food Truck Lot.I kept thinking the whole time "Chicago Dog...Chicago Dog!" Why do it get these thoughts running through my head??Ah Yes! I know why! Thanks Emi H. for all your check in comments and your Haiku update review on Hanks Haute Dogs now I have "Chicago Dog" running around in my head!!Ordered a Chicago Dog,Fries and a Drink ($7.95) yelp.com/biz_photos/hank…I loved loved biting into the kosher pickle,pepper,onions and tomatoes on top of that meat tube. Also the thin crispy hot fries were really great.Mark who was working the truck was really cool and I enjoyed talking with him.*You can follow the truck on twitter @hankstruck *Several choices of Hot Dogs sold here, No Pineapple Ice :( *Chicago Dog Chicago Dog Chicago Dog...Arrrgggghhh I want one more!!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,10/22/2013,263,192,9,16,12>Kaneohe has been stepping up their game in the restaurant industry! As a kid growing up in Kaneohe, there weren't very many options aside from Zippy's and Flamingo's (yikes!). I've been to Ichiriki in town and never thought it would show up in Kaneohe, let alone next to Long's! When you walk in, you'll be impressed with how they turned a Coldstone and jewelry store into a modern Japanese restaurant with traditional tatami mat seating options. Since we had my grandma with us, we decided to sit in regular seating.We arrived before 6:00 with enough time to catch the end of their Happy Hour (which runs from 2:30-6:00 and 9:30-closing daily). We got a pitcher of Kirin for $8, some Ahi Katsu for $5, Poke for $4 and Chicken Karaage for $4. The Ahi Katsu was one of the better ones I've ever tasted. I definitely recommend this dish, especially at Happy Hour prices! My mom is less experienced with hot pot dining so she had a lot of questions. Our server, Christian, was super patient and did an excellent job of explaining everything to our party. I got to try two different nabes: kimchi with pork and seafood. The kimchi was good, but the seafood was definitely a better value and oh so good! There is an abundance of delicious crab that I could not get enough of. You also get prawns and calamari. For dessert, we made room for the green tea shave ice with azuki beans, condensed milk, mochi balls, and green tea ice cream. It was big enough for 4 people and the best way to end an amazing meal! Ichiriki is a little pricey, especially for Kaneohe, but it's a fun dining experience! You'll leave feeling full, but not disgusting because you won't be eating greasy heavy food here! Everything is fresh and delicious!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/21/2013,779,223,12,18,14>Long overdue.One of Hawaii's premier sushi restaurants tucked away on a small block on King Street. The argument locally is always who has the best sushi. But a consistent answer is always hard to come by.If you like an cozy and fun atmosphere, byob, the freshest fish and the greatest value, Morio's is for you!  Make your reservation today because he's booked up thru the end of the year. If you do anything but OMAKASE, you're crazy.  Just do the omakase, best price, best fish, ask for the moi.  The moi is a special course that is melt in your mouth fantastic.Here is the progression of the evening.1. Hamachi Kama, best collar of any fish, anywhere!yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…2. Lobster Sashimi! Served with head and claws which would be used later on in miso soup.yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…3. Assorted Sashimi. Yum.yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…4. Sake Clams, mild flavor, delicious.yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…5. More Sashimi and Uni!yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…6. Chutoro, enough said.yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…7. Ikura, delicious balls.yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…8. Unagi, lightly warmed.yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…9. Shishamo, crispy. Omakase is all fun and games until someone loses and eye (see photo).yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…10. Lobster Miso! So much lobster in this bowl.yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…11. Amaebi, succulent, juicy.yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…12. Crispy Amaebi Heads! It's two courses from the price of one! Remember to remove the crispy legs and antennae before enjoying the head and snack on the extra bits later (to prevent untimely death by impalement of throat).yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…13. Teriyaki Ahi, extra course between 6pm seating and 8:30pm seating. Yum.yelp.com/biz_photos/mori…Make your res now, it's amazing!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,10/20/2013,230,154,7,7,7>I'm the type of person who lives to eat & it's a thrill for me to introduce some of my favorite eateries to family & friends. It's taken me numerous years to willingly share a meal with someone else; I'm learning it's better to share a delicious dish together, because you'll always have that food memory.V Lounge Hawaii is a beautiful example of an eatery that consistently exceeds my expectations (view my first blog post here). I can't sing enough praises about their kiawe wood fired brick oven pizzas; I equate their mouth-watering pizzas to your first love, V Lounge pizzas become the standard which you'll compare every other pizza with.    Whenever I visit V Lounge, I always order their Sopressata pizza made of San Marzano tomato sauce, fresh Mozarella, Parmigiano Reggiano & Sopressata. Even though, I could easily devour this entire pizza by myself,  I decided to save room to try their special: "Corned Beef" & Cabbage with salumi hash, braised cabbage & Dijon (easily my second favorite dish).If you've never experienced V Lounge pizzas for yourself, I suggest you visit them ASAP. Your taste buds will thank me & you'll indulge in authentic flavors similar to what you'd taste in Naples, I promise you won't leave disappointed.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,10/19/2013,242,79,11,14,11>Greatest dining experience ever! Vintage Cave is on another level. I have nothing else to compare it to. If you appreciate food, artistry, and culinary creativity you will enjoy eating here.  If you are bringing a chick here you better be marrying her (or have cash flowing out your bunghole).I am truly lucky to have a chance to eat here. My good friend Christian took me here for a late birthday present. We were styled out. We tried everything on the menu that day, plus a couple more things. We had the bone marrow churro, meringue, macaron, lychee and Kumamoto oysters to start off with. The bone marrow churro, lychee and meringue were especially delicious (talk about different flavor explosions in your mouth)!Churro- yelp.com/biz_photos/vint…Meringue- yelp.com/biz_photos/vint…Lychee- yelp.com/biz_photos/vint…We also had caviar, Kona kampachi, cabbage from Hirabara Farm, Jidori Egg Yolks topped with truffles, foie gras, big fin squid, Scottish salmon, Sylvia's Squab, and  Miyazaki A5 Wagyu Steak. Everything was amazing. The foie gras was a little on the sweet side and was my least favorite thing I tried. It tasted like it could be a dessert. The caviar was incredible and so was the Kona kampachi. The kampachi had a yuzu gel on top with edible flowers as garnishes. Wagyu steak was on another level. Steak melts in your mouth. Game over. That shit hit the spot.Kona kapmachi -http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vintage-cave-­honolulu-honolulu?select=CM-Yf_htH2jzLA7bPiBGqg#K3­bF8_ZV54jiUAzrR53SVwWagyu - yelp.com/biz_photos/vint…Caviar - yelp.com/biz_photos/vint…I am not a fan of desserts but the desserts were superb. Carrot mascarpone, peach sorbet, and canale with rum ice cream is what I had. It was great.Hopefully I can get to eat here again sometime soon.Also Vintage Cave will be participating in the Joy of Sake Honolulu 2013. Can't wait to see and try what they prepare.yelp.com/events/honolulu…
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,10/18/2013,144,174,15,17,19>So I used to come here quite a bit when they first opened.  I'm not positive but I think all that fried goodness really raises your endorphin levels.  But, after I noticed that my fat pants - you know, the pair of pants you keep stashed for when you're "bulkier" - started feeling snug, I knew I had to cut back.Well, these past few months I've been slowly visiting KMG again, mainly because of the recent deals on Living Social and the like.  I gotta say I still love the place.  I usually get the Meat + 3 option, which is a main plus 3 sides.  I get either the catfish or the chicken fried steak and for sides normally the candied sweet potatoes, collards, and black eyed peas.  The portions are always big and the food always tasty.  Those candied potatoes are esp good!  A deviled egg and a roll w/honey butter also comes with this meal so I always leave this place full.In the past I've also tried the bacon mac and cheese which is killer, the fried chicken which is good and some of the desserts.   They have a kick-butt bread pudding and the cold pound cake is also delish.  I really want to try some of their breakfast items but I'm on the verge of busting out the fats pants again so better lay low for a bit.The service is usually good.  They're always crowded and have a high turnover so sometimes the servers can be a little short,  but not a big deal.  I remember when I was first going there, there was a big, boisterous, flamboyant server that used to work there.  Once, I saw him behind the counter, transferring vanilla ice cream from a large container to a smaller container.  When most of the ice cream was transferred, he lifted up the large container to his mouth and drank the remaining melted ice cream like it was a huge smoothie.  I wanted to yell out, "YEAH! YOU GO BOY!".  But, didn't and instead just quietly thought to myself...OMG, I love this place.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,10/17/2013,419,552,18,17,14>Lions & tigers & bears, oh my (wait a minute, wrong review!)More like rats, liliko'i & my car, oh hell no!Ring ring:"Hello?""Hi Sir, this is Toyota.""We know you brought your car in for service, but looks like we can't start it""What?!  I just drove it down to you this morning.  You sure you got the right car?""Yeah, we're sure...looks like you have rodents or animals and all kind stuff accumulating in and around your engine.""...Say what?!  You sure, you sure?""Yeah no joke, the head mechanic gotta look at it all day tomorrow."For six months we've been storing our blooming liliko'i fruit in our open garage.  Work on the abandoned house across the street started a couple weeks ago.  So I'm guessing a perfect storm?  Long story short, my dealership discovered rats made hale (house) in my engine.  Of the two cars in the garage, mine was the worse one as it couldn't start one morning.  Lo and behold, rat sh*t covered my engine & dried liliko'i skins scattered about.  It took Toyota nearly a week to fix rat eaten wires, etc.  Cars all fixed...we took ours for engine detailing to Channon & he removed all traces of disgusting rat crap (literally), bringing some order to this costly, smelly mess.  He even cleared my cars foggy headlights back to their heyday glory.A happy ending after all said & done.  Mahalo to Gavin and Channon (The Great & Powerful) at Auto Detail Aces.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,10/16/2013,298,227,12,21,19>Siam Garden Cafe was great ! 4.75 Stars from me. I've had to re-calibrate all of my Honolulu Thai dining experiences since eating lunch here the other day. It goes to the top of my list. Is there a better place? Let me know and I'll check it out.  Sala Thai is on my list to try for example. I think every place else goes down by a star.Data: Massaman Curry with Pork, Pad Thai Noodles with tofu and Sweet and Sour fish. Massaman Curry  was extremely rich wonderful curry with vegetables and huge pieces of very tender lean pork. Very nearly 5 stars, my wife and I really liked it. We just recently had a similar dish elsewhere that was 5+ stars. Pad Thai Noodles with Tofu was clearly 5 Stars. The best I've ever had! Ever! Anywhere! The Sweet and sour Fish was also 5 Stars! Sweet and sour sauce with chili's and sauteed vevetables. The fish was breaded and fried crispy. Very nicely done. We loved it.Dessert: Mangos are in season! We were looking forward to Mango Sticky Rice Dessert. They don't have it! In fact they don't have any desserts! I'm still a bit amazed. What can I say?Best Thai Food in Honolulu?:  Did we just get lucky? Did we just happen to order the best items that they had on the menu? Was the waitress just being nice to us because we are sort of cool? Well probably, but, my wife and I discussed the various Thai dishes that we have recently eaten around Honolulu. We decided that Siam Garden was probably the best overall. Best Pad Thai by far! But, certain dishes elsewhere were slightly better. Until I know better this is the place that I want to go to. Slight partial point deduction due to the no dessert policy and due the above discussion. 4.75 Stars.Ambience: This location is a bit odd. Parking in back on two different levels. You can't tell if it is busy or not as you are speeding by on Nimitz. Nice interior with some unique Thai decorations and art. Dimmed lighting inside. I liked it.Vegetarian: Tofu can be substituted for meat any dish. Thai places are always vegetarian friendly. They have brown rice too.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,10/15/2013,1128,374,6,15,9>Pasta and Wine! YUMMMMMMMMM :3We heard about their happy hour specials so we came down to check it out. Unfortunately the bar was packed, so there wasn't enough seats for us. Then again there was four of us, hoping for four seats at the bar was a bit much I guess! LOL, anyway - to get happy hour prices you only can sit at the bar.  -- So we decided to just order off the regular menu.  The waitress said we could pick any table we wanted. So we found an area we felt comfortable in. First impression of the restaurant - very dark, romantic like feel to it. When we were there they didn't have any music playing so it made it a little awkward with silence. After an hour the music finally came on. Vino has a great selection of wines, from the glass and to order by the bottle. During our meal we went through different whites and reds. All delicious. Some wines worked better then others depending what we were eating. yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… THE GRUB!!"Burrata" Housemade Mozzarella --  $13 When I first read this off the menu I was like mehhhhhhhhh doesn't sound that great. But since it was highly recommended, we just HAD to try it. I was super happy we did! It was yummy and I would definitely recommend everyone to try it.   yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… Cheese & Salumi Platter -- $13 saLUmi? That's an interesting way to say salami? LOL Definietly had to try it just because they call it salumi. Who doesn't love wine, cheese and meat!  yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… Twin Bridges Waialua Asparagus Milanese -- $17 This dish was good. I haven't had asparagus in a very long time so I enjoyed this a lot. The asparagus is topped with one egg over easy and some mushrooms. The waiter even cuts it for you! Which is super helpful for sharing, other wise your stuck with long huge pieces. yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… Pan Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras -- $19 I honestly don't care for Foie Gras in general. This one was decent, more on the sweeter side because of the raspberry syrup drizzle.  yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… Big Isand Smoked Pork -- $18 This pasta was good. I enjoyed it and I loved how it came with an egg on top! I love eggs :D Haha. However the photo doesn't make it look that great cause the waiter mixed everything together before I was able to get a photo of it T_T   yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… Ligurian Style "Trofie" Pasta -- $15 I cant believe they HAND make and roll this pasta. That looks like a lot of work!! Another thing that makes this pasta interesting is that it is eggless. So it makes the pasta more dense and chewy, but still good.  yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… Crispy Shrimp that was on special. I thought the shrimp was good. It comes with shell on. The shrimp as crispy but lying on top of some sauce, which tasted great. However I felt the sauce should be on the side because if you let the shrimp sit too long, it would get all soggy and loose its crispy-ness.  yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… Red Wine Braised Lamb Shank -- $23 I thought the lamb tasted good, however it was a little dryyyy yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… Apple Tart - FANTASTIC :3 yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… Chocolate Ice Cream yelp.com/biz_photos/vino… OVERALL: My overall experience here was good.  Our waitress for the night was a little slow and not very attentive. When we were there, it wasn't busy so I feel like there wasn't any excuse for making us wait and having to flag you down to order more glasses of wine. Aside from that, I love the selection of wines and the fact I had the opportunity to try so many different dishes. I definitely would like to come back and try more things of course.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,10/14/2013,354,153,9,9,8>Yummm! I love Meditteranean food..I'm gonna try to keep this brief since I'm reviewing this on my lunch break..i know..most of my posts are the opposite of brief -__-This place is right across from work (diagonally) so I'm glad to find it. The portions are huge (for a short Asian girl at least) and delicious. The guy there recommended I try the chicken tarna so that's what I got and NOW i'm gonna recommend you go and try it..comes with a mushy rice (i'm assuming it's meant to be mushy and I'm just not cultured enough to know) and pita bread and hummus and a salad..and the chicken too of course. Now i'm not sure how to eat it but no matter how you eat it, it's good. You can be like me and rip up the pita into small pieces dunking it in the hummus and piling it with chicken or you can be cultured and eat it the way you're supposed to (let me know how!!)..Be regardless of how you eat it...TRY  IT! :D okay im done..brief right? :POh you might want to know how to get here...haha that would prove to be important. It's across from Central Pacific Bank on King St...look for the Subway next to the building with the blue overhead things (I'm not sure what they're called) and it's a few shops down from Subway in the little alleyway.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,10/13/2013,446,222,3,15,7>Before I even start I'll tell you straight up that this restaurant serves all-you-can-eat Shabu Shabu or Sukiyaki. If you're looking to get more than that or additional side dishes that you may normally find at a Japanese eatery....well you won't.  Shabu Shabu & Sukiyaki.Now that that's out of thew way.....If you recall the old Pyramids location on Kapahulu then you'll know where this place is.  It's a couple doors down from Yakitori Glad. In fact you park in the back lot as if you were going to Glad.  That's where you'll find some difficulty because the lot gets packed now that you've got Glad and Gyuta sharing the lot.  If you can't find parking there or on Kapahulu Avenue, I recommend you park on either Date Street or the side street that OnStage is on.When I walked in I was a bit concerned.  If it weren't for our party of 8 and a few other couples at nearby tables this place literally looked empty yelp.com/biz_photos/gyut…We sat down and wondered what to get, some of us wanted the shabu shabu and some wanted to get the Sukiyaki.  On either side of the fence you can either get the basic beef and pork course or the "fine" beef and pork course.  What that means?  I guess it means instead of brisket you get rib eye.  Well guess what.  You can get both.  They have that split nabe pot like Ichiriki so on one side you can have shabu shabu and the other you can eat sukiyaki.  Yeehaw.  It's hard to screw this up because you're cooking the food.  I have to say the sukiyaki is a bit salty but some people like that.  I preferred the shabu shabu.  Both dishes came with your standard veggies that you find in shabu shabu/sukiyaki.  Chinese cabbage, gyoza, carrots, enoki/shiitake mushrooms, green onions, tofu, tsukune, rice and a round onion for the sukiyaki.  They also had pieces of Romaine lettuce which I found a bit odd but it worked.  The ponzu and goma sauces of course are a must.  When you're done you can get ramen or udon and they give you ice cream to top it off. Because it's all-you-can-eat, healthy, nice/clean ambiance, and an overall great value....I gave this place 4-stars.  I'd come back again.  I realize some other folks here have had slow service so I would actually recommend you not come here in a large group.  Also remember you only get 90 minutes so with a larger group, I don't know about you but I find I do more socializing then I do eating.  I do however think they can clean some things up with their service but as a place that just opened a few weeks ago, I'll kind of expected the growing pains.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,10/12/2013,900,386,24,30,28>A WORLD-FAMOUS COCO PUFF SOLD EVERY 30-SECONDS!Every 30-seconds a Liliha Bakery Coco Puff is sold. Again, every 30-seconds a Liliha Bakery Onolicious "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFF is sold! So basically Liliha Bakery will sell a dozen "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFFS when this review is finished! Think about it... one "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFF sold every 30-seconds!On an average day, every day except Monday when the bakery's closed, Liliha sells 3,000 to 3,600 of these little chocolate-filled heavenly pastries. My word! I'm salivating writing this!THE CHANTILLY:Obviously the "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFFS are the most popular item at Liliha Bakery. However, the second most popular is the Chantilly Cake, which dates back to the 1950's, and ironically pre-dates the "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFFS by 10-years! The Chantilly Cake has a distinctive, rich, butter-cream frosting that is a local favorite. Well, second favorite if you look at the numbers. WOW! A "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFF SOLD EVERY 30-SECONDS! THE "X" FACTOR:The "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFFS filling is basically chocolate pudding -- evaporated milk added to cocoa powder. A "secret" ingredient and butter are the other "X" factors in these onolicious treats!This "secret" ingredient is highly classified.  So I was told.MORE THAN JUST COCO PUFFS:Believe it or not, Liliha Bakery sells other yummy food items too, such as: Haupia danish, bear claws, guava cakes, apple pies , butter rolls, pumpkin pies, custard pies, cherry pies, fruit tarts, seasonal cookies, more pastries, more pies, more & more. Want a meal? Yes, Liliha Bakery has a full menu of "local" style entrees. Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner! My local favorites are the hamburger steak, pork cutlet, and pretty much any breakfast item, of course with rice! The potato salad is a win too!So if you've been to Liliha Bakery before and tried the "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFFS, and you're simply tired of it- what? Idiot. Yes, simply tired of the "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFFS! How about trying the other pastries, pies, or breakfsat/lunch/dinner entrees. It might not be up to par with the "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFFS, but hey falling 2nd best to those yummy babies ain't such a bad thing. Review done. A dozen "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFFS SOLD!TIP: Immediately take a number if you want pastries, cakes, pies, bakery goodies. Line moves fast, be patient. Listen carefully.TIP: Immediately stand at dining side if you want to dine-in. If seats are available... Grab it! Or, someone else will.TIP: Avoid the crowd? Go odd-hours.LILIHA BAKERY FACTS:Founded: 1950 by Takakuwa familyMilestone: 63rd anniversary, Aug. 20, 2013Location: N. Kuakini St. at Liliha St.Hours: 23/6. Open Everyday. Except Monday! Do not get the coco puff craving on Mondays!Dukedom: I am the Official Yelp Duke! Mascot: A giant 7-foot "WORLD-FAMOUS" COCO PUFF! Nah! Nah!YELP REVIEW #115
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,10/11/2013,146,63,11,9,7>Have you ever had Ethnic Envy? You know where you go to an ethnic restaurant and you love it and you wish you knew everything about the culture, food, and language.  Where you wish you were "in" with the locals there.  That's the feeling when I go to So Gong Dong.  I start speaking in a bad Korean accent throwing out words like ban chan and soondubu as if I was born in Seoul and was on vacation from the motherland.  It's so embarrassing. Especially when my son asks me, "mommy why are you talking like that?" But I can't help it, I'm so impressed with the food and the fact the real Koreans are lined up outside to get a seat I feel like I'm one of the cool kids. It's the way I used to feel about eating at Imana Tei before it got all popular.The soondobu (tofu stew) here is soooooo good.  I get so excited when I see the bubbling pot headed my way.  I immediately crack my egg into the bowl and go to town.  Each bite perfectly paired with a scoop of rice and the creaminess of the egg just melts in my mouth.  The lunch set is such a great deal as you get the stew, rice, veggies, and a generous side dish for very cheap.  I saw quite a few people ordering the seafood pancake so I follow suit, but I didn't end up liking it at all, I like my pancake really crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside, but this was just kind of mushy.  I did really enjoy the fried mandoo and bulgogi though.The staff is very efficient, attentive and friendly. ALL pluses. I only wish they had more seats :-)
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,10/10/2013,371,155,9,15,9>I am completely and utterly obsessed with Blue Tree Cafe! Ever since I started this thing called Grad School, I've been scoping out Oahu's coziest coffee shops to spend hours upon hours writing papers and studying for exams while intravenously caffeinating myself. Blue Tree Cafe seems to fit the bill...and then some! Not only is their shop super welcoming, comfy, and hip, but their coffee is out of this world! I got their Mocha with Almond Milk that is made right there in the shop, and let me tell you, that almond milk is as good as it gets! If you're feeling indecisive, give the Mocha with Almond Milk a shot, you'll swear you're drinking a little cup of heaven. So my caffeine fix and study nook are covered...but what about the food? Glad you asked! I leaped into 2013 with a new outlook on food that is heavily focused on clean eating. Basically lots of raw veggies, vegan recipes (I'm not a vegan, but boy can you cook some amazingly delicious vegan food! Who knew?!), and trying as much as possible to steer clear of processed and fried foods. Ummm, so...how's eating like a gazelle, you might ask? Actually, since I've discovered places like Blue Tree Cafe, it's surprisingly easy, satisfying and super yummy! Blue Tree's chef makes lots of vegan, raw, all natural and all delicious snacks! My favorite is the raw lasagna. It's amazing! Don't worry, there are also carnivorous selections like a variety of sandwiches and pastries. They also make their own Kombucha tea! I have tried the bottled Kombucha in the past and was completely turned off to it. It tasted like rotten beer. Blue Tree's Kombucha is quite the opposite! It's still got that fermented taste, but it tastes more like apple cider with a kick. I really enjoyed it! Drop by and ask to taste it, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,10/9/2013,559,209,19,18,16>OLDEST SONHusband:  "I can't believe you let our son walk out with those shorts.  It looks like drawers (underwear)."  Me:  "It fit the other day and he dressed himself."  MIDDLE SONHusband: "Hun, this shoe doesn't fit grab me another one."Me:  "It fit the other day."YOUNGEST SONHusband:  "What is in your milk?  Your 6 week old baby is 16 lbs and doesn't fit anything!"Me:  "It has to be your genes."  Okay, I have all boys so why didn't all the clothes get passed down?  Because I have all boys.   Dirt, stains, slugs, frogs, rocks, their lunch, deciding to use the scissors to cut up their stuff, using their clothes as napkin, you see where I'm going with this!Thank the Fairies  (literally the Fairy Cake owners put this together) that I don't have to spend a fortune on clothes, toys, and do dads that they will not fit in or break tomorrow.  WHAT IS THE KEIKI EXCHANGE?  It's a seasonal children's consignment shop.  I got the privilege to check it out on the 1st day and I walked out with great bargains.  I bought a rocking chair for only $20. Cute Robeez shoes with socks for $2.  A toddler Thomas the train shirt for $2. A couple of toddler shorts all under $3.  I even scored a GAP toddler jean shorts for $3.  A couple infant toys that were brand new, still in the package at less than half the price.  Just last week I saw pictures of adult items clothes, handbags, shoes, etc,  posted on the Facebook page. What really lured me to actually check the warehouse out was posted pictures of the truffles and Oreo rice krispy treats that I saw posted up on their Fairy Cakes Facebook page.  Here's the link to the Keiki Exchange Facebook page:    facebook.com/TheKeikiExc…The Keiki Exchange also welcomes vendors to sell their items at the warehouse.  I'm sure they will have different items every week.  WHERE IS IT LOCATED? It's located in Waipio in the same area as the Okinawon Center.  On the same street as Teacher Plus. address:94-547 Ukee Street #106Waipahu, Hawaii 96797HOURS/DAY OF OPERATION:Check out their Facebook website to be sure when The Keiki Exchange is open.  So far it has been open every Sunday since Jan 6.  The Keiki Exchange is a great place to buy second hand, good quality, name brand items, at a bargain price.UPDATE! UPDATE! UPDATE!  SADLY THE BUSINESS CLOSED DOWN :(
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,10/8/2013,266,263,10,10,4>Let me start off by saying that I'm so damn happy that we now have this kind of spot on the leeward side.Inside is super nice and clean, probably the most classy Cajun seafood restaurant you've ever been to. I almost felt awkward wearing a tshirt and shorts but then I remembered I'M HERE TO FEEEEAAAASSSTTTTTT.Our waiter was very nice and explained to us everything on the menu. Pretty self-explanatory. They still have that grand opening special going on with every combo you get two free drinks/domestic beers. I chose to get coke because I need that coke wash after I eat.We ordered Combo #3 which came with King Crab Legs, Crawfish, Clams, Mussels and Shrimps. Came with corn, sausage, potatoes, rice, the standard. Also ordered extra pounds of mussels, clams and crawfish. We decided to go with the Cajun/Butter & Garlic sauce at mild since we had kids with us. They gave us tools and those awesome scissors so getting the meat out was super easy and fast. I took the bib and just used my hands. I like to make that one on one connection with the crustaceans.I FUCKING LOVE GARLIC and god damn did they soak that shit in garlic! The next afternoon I still had that garlic aftertaste and my fingers still smelled like garlic. DAS HOW. The best part was that it wasn't that bitter garlic taste either, it was very flavorful. I found myself dipping my shrimps inside the mussel to get the little garlic pieces.For five of us the bill came out to $117 which is pretty damn good.Will definitely come back!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,10/7/2013,765,197,6,13,11>I lived in Hawaii for a long time before I actually started to like katsu.  Actually, it took a trip to Japan where I had really good katsu before I started to like it.  Kimukatsu is one of the places that you can get good, creative katsu.   I recommend going with a few people and get one of the combos that has more than one type.  My favorite is the Black Pepper katsu and the Garlic katstu. During my last visit, we also tried the Cheese katsu (which was just a bit too gooey for me.)   The Kurobuta Pork katsu is also quite good.  Each table has their standard katsu dipping sauce.  We tried the Yuzu Ponzu dipping sauce during our last visit but I was not all that impressed. Kimukatsu is on the first floor of a hotel on Lewers Street in Waikiki and is easy to find.  They have no parking, but if your lucky you can find parking on the street (maybe on the Ala Wai).  There is also a pay parking lot behind the hotel.  Parking in Waikiki is always a bit of a challenge so be prepared if your driving.The service is always good and responsive.  Our waiter has always been quick to fill up drinks, bring more salad, and makes sure the sauce containers are full. If you have not yet become a fan of katsu, I recommend you give Kimukatsu a try.  This may be the place for you!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,10/6/2013,171,537,11,14,14>the food is so good, i'm gonna falafel my chair......for the office we decided to order food before spring break started.  Shaloha was the pick, and damn - i'm glad we picked them. we had called in 9 plates to pick up, and these guys were FAST and ORGANIZED when they completed our orders.  we even tacked on one last plate when we were there, and they were so speedy about. the guys that  work there are SUPER FRIENDLY and so welcoming when you come through their doors. i ate the shwarma combo with falafel and tabouleh.  AMAZING..... best shwarma i've ever had, and frigging delicious falafel!!!  the tabouleh was also a really good side to order - so fresh tasting and bright.  there is a sauce, or a few sauces, on the shwarma that are tasty, tasty, tasty!  i also had tried the fried pita chips and hummus, and those were so, so good as well.  they make their own pita bread too, and the difference in taste and texture when compared to the store bought pita is undeniable - Shaloha wins hands down - their pitas are soft and fluffy and just so amazing.....i cannot wait to come back here and eat!  the only junk part is, they're not open on weekends, only on weekdays..... man-o-man.... if they were open weekends, i'd probably be there every saturday!  parking in the lot is junk, so plan out your meal time so you can be sure you get a parking spot!also, if you plan on eating there, there is limited seating.  they have a large table that could seat 6 - 10 people, or they have counter seating that can fit 3.....
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,10/5/2013,265,441,4,13,10>This was totally a @YelpHawaii Pham & Ban adventure - Timothy P. (@phamtim) and I ventured out to the depths of Kalihi to try out the famous Ray's Prime Rib. Sadly though, Ray was pau for the day, the prime rib, being a top seller and a top item had been 86'd hours before we walked in. Fortunately, being the determined (and hungry) adventurers that we are, we decided to stick around and see what else Ray had to offer. The GOOD: Fried Chicken. IF you cant get to Ray's in time for the limited time offered (weekends only) fatty beef, you might as well stay for the fatty-fried chicken parts. The chicken was ... surprisingly ... crisp, crunchy and juicy - all at the same time. Honestly, I know "hole-in-the-wall" places have the best food, but deep down, you know you're thinking, "Am I going to get sick from this place?" Timothy P. ordered himself the special (other than the Prime Rib) of Ham Hocks and black-eyed peas. I had a few tastes from his dish, but I am not the hugest fan of Ham Hocks - Ill let Tim review his stuff. The bits of meat I DID try were tender, but the flavors I were hoping were not there...PLUS, I was expecting to come out with Will.I.Am or Fergy (Or even APL since we WERE in Kalihi).The BAD: Nothing really bad to report - I mean, what do you expect from a hole-in-the-wall in Kalihi? I came in with low expectations, hole-in-the-wall expectations and came out with surprisingly crisp chicken. On that note, one of the pieces of chicken was still bleeding a tiny-little bit, but come on, I've been served much worse dishes. If you realize that you're heading into Kalihi to dine at a hole in the wall, expect a dingy setting with suspicious characters sitting around - and also amazing fried foods. OVERALL: if you don't like this place because of the setting, that is your bad. Coming to a hole in the wall and expecting classy ambiance is like going to a dive bar and getting upset because they don't serve Harpoon I.P.A. Get out of your comfort zone and into the danger zone - and definitely hit up Ray's for that Prime Rib... I still have to make that appointment - OMG - UYE anyone?
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,10/4/2013,776,347,27,37,40>Great place to get a bowl of saimin while you're in the Wahiawa area. There are a handful of pretty decent places around our Honolulu to get a bowl of saimin, but the one thing that sets Shige's apart from the others is their noodles. Yep, their noodles. The noodles are made by hand and the hard work and effort that goes into making them is realized when they're served. The noodles are cooked perfectly to preserve the texture that saimin lovers seek out... that is, al dente and not mushy. The broth, although I can't say for sure if it is 100% homemade, is flavorful and satisfying. They are generous with the garnishes and if you order won tun, you will get enough to satisfy your cravings! I always order a couple BBQ sticks or a cheeseburger, two of which go hand in hand with their saimin. For sure, a match made in saimin Heaven! The restaurant is located in a little strip mall that can easily be missed if you've never been there before. It's off of Kam Hwy on the left if you're coming from the Honolulu direction. The search and effort to seek it out are more than worth the effort as you will be rewarded with one of the best tasting saimin meals in Central Oahu! I've never ordered any of the other sandwich offerings they also have on their menu, but according to a couple friends, the roast beef sandwich is really good. Uh, I think that may be a bit too much for me in one sitting... Hmmm, saimin and BBQ sticks for lunch, roast beef sandwich take out for dinner. That sounds like a great idea!  I hope you'll give them a try, I know you'll be pleasantly content!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,10/3/2013,695,1184,8,16,9>Adventures in Kalama Valley during July 4th holiday 2013 had brought me to this quaint nature landscape respite called the Koko Head Botanical Gardens.  I was killing time during the day, since I really had nothing to do, so I ended up here exploring. Just like your local hiking trails, the Koko Head Botanical Garden provides a fresh prospective to those who hike and take in its natural beauty, without stressing too much physically and emotionally. The mixture of desert and dry arid landscape is an interesting fixture out here in East Oahu, since dessert environments are not often presented here in Hawaii, but there are a few of them, and the Koko Head Botanical Gardens are a representative of that. I liked hiking a bit here before it got wicked hot, so that was entertaining. Getting to see this side of paradise is nice, comparable to what I have been doing lately.  Comparable to running trails and on the road, coming here is rewarding and a fresh breath of air.There is an easy hiking trail that circles the entire botanical garden, which is nice. Thankful that I came here pretty early in the morning to kick off the holiday before venturing off to see the Kalama Valley Shopping Center - or what had it been in its heydays.  There's plenty of flora and natural rustic beauty here, if you are interested in that kind of thing. It's the great outdoors at your fingertips, if you really want to seek it out. Located in Kalama Valley on the east side of Oahu and an extension of Hawaii Kai, the Koko Head Botanical Gardens can be your slice of paradise, whenever and wherever you want it. There is private parking here, as with community parks in the surrounding area, along with the nearby private golf course and the derelict Kalama Valley Shopping Village. Not much parking spaces though. Enough for 8 spaces.  If you are like me, the most recent discovery for me was that TheBus passes through here. Route #23 in and out of Kealahou Street on its way to Sea Life Park Hawaii and back. You would probably need to catch the bus across the street from Kahala Mall, in front of the gas station. It's also the same bus stop that the Route #22 goes to towards Haunama Bay. If you're looking for a nice respite from the crush of urban life, your best bet may be to come over out here to clear your head and take in the natural surroundings that can soothe, recharge, and rejuvinate your mind and soul, not to mention challenge your body with the easy hiking trails. Other Yelpers have recommended the plumeria grove, which I would recommend also. Such beauty here, which is a rarity nowadays.  As with all hiking trails, the Koko Head Botanical Gardens is FREE. Yep, FREE. No admission charged. That brought a bright smile to my face. If there was admission charged, I would have walked away and found something else to do. Not this time! I had a great time and hope you would too. I spent about a good 2  1/2 hours here before it got wicked hot and sought refuge at the Kalama Village shopping center before having lunch at the Thai Village Thai restaurant before heading back to Sandy Beach to enjoy the rest of the holiday afternoon. The Koko Head Botanical Gardens does give the impression that you are far from civilization when you are hiking along, but you aren't. Just feels that way. Surrounding the botanical garden is the pricey neighborhood of Kalama Valley, so you're never far away. Do allot significant time here, if you intend to do the loop trail. It's worth it.If there's ever a time to "stop and smell the roses", as the saying goes, this would be the perfect time to do so. I'm happy that I have came and discovered this place. Hoping that you will enjoy and appreciate what nature has to offer.Support local!A+
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/2/2013,196,187,9,13,12>Last summer, I got to try Boots and Kimo's holy-mac-nut! pancakes for the first time. This summer, I got to try Moke's am-I-in-heaven? lilikoi pancakes for the first time. I am beginning to see a trend and I like it! xDLet's cut to the chase--the lilikoi pancakes here are the MOST AMAZING pancakes money can buy. Not only does the lilikoi sauce strike an exquisite balance between fruity sweetness and tartness, but the pancakes themselves are the most ridiculously fluffy thing you can put in your mouth. I didn't even think pancakes could taste this good until I had the pancakes here... If savory's more your thing or you like to go for both sweet and savory, I highly recommend the vegetable frittata. Moke's makes it with fresh seasonal veggies, which speak for themselves--I loved every bite! For the side, I got the hash brown, which was simple but delicious. The service was excellent. Our waitress was attentive and always addressed us with a smile. The atmosphere was relaxed and relaxing...it almost felt like we were chilling at someone's seaside house because of the beach-invoking decor! As for parking, there is no private lot so street parking's the way to go.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,10/1/2013,658,339,6,16,14>I feel the need, the need for speed. Lucky for me, real-life Top Gun Clint Churchill delivers jaw-dropping aerobatic maneuvers that are sure to please the most ardent thrill seeker. For many years, I've celebrated life's special moments with adventures like this--and this particular flight was a late Christmas gift to myself.Clint is the director of the Pacific Aviation Museum and enjoys giving flights and flight lessons as a hobby. He is a retired pilot of the Air National Guard who flew everything from F-4s to F-15s. Today, he maintains his skills as a small aircraft pilot, flight instructor, and participant in local air shows. He shares his love of flight with his passengers and students.His plane is an Extra 300L, an "unlimited" craft that is A-MA-ZING! It's like an exotic car because it's incredibly smooth, highly responsive, and you don't get a sense of how fast you're really going. I got a chance to pilot the craft under his instruction for part of the time. We did Cubans/reverse Cubans, hammerhead turns, humpty bumps, cravats, lomcovoks, and more, a total of 22 different maneuvers from +4.3 to -2.3 G's. It was fantastic--a terrific way to spend a Saturday morning!If you or someone you know loves adventures in the air, flying with Clint is a MUST. Clint's 40-minute aerobatic flights are on Saturdays by appointment only and based at Honolulu International Airport. Up, up, and awayyyyyy!Yelp 365 Challenge 226/365
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,9/30/2013,201,134,20,24,19>This place is AMAZING!! (Inside Joke to talk thread)I had to wait a long time to post this review because I felt it was deserving of #100!I'll admit, I was somewhat apprehensive about coming here because I knew this place was anything but traditional. However, the Angry Korean Lady's food is so good that you should put all fear or doubt aside and just go! Things to prepare for prior to coming: 1. Have an open mind - She is a one person operation. That can be tough for anyone and I would be angry too. However, her angriness is just a persona (Like Dick's Last Resort in Vegas). She is actually really nice once she started drinking with us (Maybe that it..she needs to drink). 2. Go before 6:00 if possible,  - We got there at 5:30 and by 6:30 she runs out of the kitchen and yells "AHH F*&$ IT! I'm closed for the night no more F*&$ing Cooking! All you F*ckers made me tired!"" The table next to us were regulars and said she normally closes around that time.  3. Read these rules prior to coming and follow them. It will make your experience a lot easier. -  yelp.com/biz_photos/ah-l… 4. If you BYOB then share with her (Except Coors and Yellowtail) by pouring  some in a cup and leaving it at the edge of the table.This was not in her rules but she yelled at the table next to us for not filling her glass. We shared with her our homemade soju and she asked how we made it. yelp.com/biz_photos/ah-l…After I told her, she said F*&%! hey A*&hole that's not homemade! You bought the alcohol in the F*&%ING store" I wanted to argue with her and let her know it's illegal to moonshine but decided not to. Then she actually gave us a shot of her "Homemade Guava Alcohol" which she said took 7 years to make.. and then said "Now that's F*&%ING homemade!"  It was the best flavored "Homemade" shot I ever had. I asked her to make me one and I'll come back in 7 years to pick it up. She said no with a middle finger but instead actually shared how to make it..sort of. 5. Bring enough cash. Its CASH ONLY. 6. Don't bring kids so you can hear her swear in every sentence. The experience won't be the same if she isn't cursing up a storm. The FOOD was AMAZING!! Just as amazing as Jesus returning (Sorry inside joke again).  We ordered the: - Specialty Chicken Wings It has soooo much flavor. Sweet with lots of spice. You will not be disappointed. - Meat JunI found my new favorite meat jun. Why? Well because the meat is soft and melts in your mouth type of tender. Plus the egg is sweet like tamago. She told us "Take a bite without dipping it in the sauce. My meat jun so good that you don't F*&%ING need no F*&%ING Sauce" She was F*&%ING right! - Soondubu Level #7Comes out blazing hot. If you can handle spice then go with #7 or higher. The spice level was perfect and I enjoyed it down to the last spoon. The ENVIRONMENT is pretty small here. It can only fit around 16 people (I counted). As for PARKING, I just parked on the street since it's free after 5:30. I believe she validates but I wasn't going to take that chance in asking her hahaha. Overall, I had a great experience and can't wait to go back with people who know nothing about her and watch their priceless reactions.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/29/2013,210,202,10,17,8>As a resident of Mililani Mauka who is too lazy to drive to the town center, I am SUPER EXCITED about all the new businesses opening up in the neighborhood. I am also a fan of all things breakfast so I was looking forward to checking out Rise and Shine Café.  As soon as the kids woke me up on Saturday, I put them and myself on a mission to leave the house in 20 minutes or less. The husband was still sleeping. Literally in my home, you snooze, you lose. After a one minute drive, we seated ourselves in the bright and cheery café. Usually, I am a little hesitant to order off the kids menu, but to my surprise, the portion was very generous. $4.95 gets the kids one of three choices: French toast sticks with fresh fruit, mini pancakes with fresh fruit, or rice and scrambled eggs with choice of meat. We ordered the mini pancakes and it came with 3 good sized pancakes, but I was most impressed with the fruit cup. We had pineapple, grapes, honey dew, cantaloupe, and strawberries. Very delicious.   Off the regular menu, I ordered the Homemade Sweet Bread French Toast with fresh berries and whipped cream and the Veggie Omelet with breakfast potatoes.  I thought the pancakes and french toast were good, but I REALLY enjoyed the veggie omelet (spinach, mushrooms, caramelized onions, tomatoes, red bell peppers and cheddar).  I asked our server about their fried rice and even though I decided against ordering it, she brought me out a little portion to sample! I thought that was so nice of her and by the way, the fried rice is GOOD! They also offer a kim chee fried rice. They serve breakfast until 11am and then it changes to their lunch menu, which I am looking forward to checking out as well. Near the register they have a showcase filled with desserts. That day they were offering cheesecake and beautifully fattening GINORMOUS cinnamon rolls that were very hard to resist.  Unfortunately for my daughter but fortunately for my waistline, we made it out without the extra calories. But I do still hear them calling my name.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/28/2013,680,99,16,21,25>i'd already given my stamp of approval to Genius Lounge so thought Chez Kenzo was a safe bet for a double date. located where Verbano used to be on south king street, the trendy decor, loungey music and noisy patrons breathes new energy to the space - i loved the vibe! there's a sports bar area with standup tables, stools and tv's, a dining area with more comfortable tables and chairs, and a semi-private nook that seems to amplify the merriment taking place in there. as for the food and drink, it's pretty much the same menu as Genius. we arrived before 7 so were able to order some happy hour items such as fried rock shrimp, pesto pasta, garlic french bread, beer and the biggest pours of daiginjo sake you'll ever get for $5. from the regular menu we tried nagoya chicken wings (3 pieces per order, tasty but messy), kabocha with bacon (prolly their most popular item), cheese gyozas (more like ravioli with all that cheese) and french fries. the damage before tip was $82 - not bad for stuffing 2 drinking guys and 2 pregnant women!the cherries on top are free parking and more central location. so what's higher than genius? apparently, some dude named kenzo!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,9/27/2013,352,191,9,20,15>I've always wanted to dine at a Michelin starred restuarant. One thing I really want to do is go to a 3-star Michelin restaurant and enjoy my time. This is probably the closest I've been to dining at one since Park Restaurant's executive chef Michael Collantes has worked under 6 of the 10 chefs in the U.S. with the 3-Michelin stars. Luckily, Park Restaurant doesn't have the outrageous prices of restaurants of that caliber. Located in the Aqua Lotus Waikiki Hotel, the eclectic menu features Mediterranean inspired cuisine. I'll be honest. My knowledge of Mediterranean cuisine include gyros and hummus. Wait...is that even considered Mediterranean? I'm not sure if I've ever been to a Mediterranean inspired restaurant prior to this. I was excited to try the food, and it really delivered.Our party was given a special tasting menu along with wine pairings for each dish. 10 dishes during the tasting meant 10 different glasses of wine. One to go with each dish. If you know me, you know that my alcohol tolerance is way low. I could see this night heading downwards if I chose to consume all that alcohol. So my goal for the night was to remember all the wines and dishes that Rick (their sommelier) and Chef Michael graciously explained to us prior to serving. However, this goal was soon given up on as I saw myself with 3 glasses of wine in front of me within the first 5 minutes. Luckily, I got a picture of the Chef's copy of the menu so I can tell you exactly what I ate (because that's what's important, right.). We started off with hor d'oeuvres that were shared around the table. This included the charcuterie board, the kale and potato flatbread, and the sausage and pistachio flatbread. The charcuterie board includes 3 HOUSE-CURED meats and 3 cheeses along with an endive mustard and tomato jam. The selection changes daily. I really enjoyed the sausage and pistachio flatbread because it had really good flavor and it blended really well with the crispy flatbread. I would definitely order this again. the amuse bouche included a warm oyster and a piece from their watermelon salad. I can't really judge the oyster, because I really don't enjoy oysters. The watermelon salad included a compressed watermelon that was grilled and topped with arugula. My favorite part of this dish was the popcorn "sand" served with it. After this part of my meal, I couldn't really do wine pairings since I still had 3 glasses of wine in front of me, and I was already pretty tipsy. Others said the wines blended really well with the dishes they were served with, but I couldn't handle any more and just shared my wines with my fellow diners. Our first course was the pea soup. Oh my god. I'm going to ruin it already and tell you this was the BEST dish of the night. The soup went so well with the crunchy peas and bacon in it. All 10 members in our party were in agreement that this was the best dish of the night. Some even asked for more bread to soak up the soup to make sure they got every last drop. Seriously, if they offered, I would've eaten this for dessert as well (even though the dessert was great). This is a MUST-ORDER when you come here. Our second course was the "just caught" which is another dish that changes nightly. This night, it was a seared tuna with a Meyer lemon aioli. I loved that the acidity of the aioli blended so well with the fish and it just melted in my mouth. The third course was the ribeye steak with polenta cake and a side of roasted cauliflower. The beef they serve is all natural which gives it a little tougher texture because there's not as much at marbling as the beef injected with growth hormones. Dessert included a chai tea coconut tapioca shooter, the honey and goat cheese tart, and the dehydrated pistachio sponge cake. I really liked the honey and goat cheese tart, especially the hibiscus and raspberry jus it was on top of. If I could've stuffed more food in my stomach, I would've finished this, but I really couldn't eat another bite. The other desserts were average in my opinion.But really, the pea soup was the STAR of the show. Overall this was a very delicious meal, and I was introduced to many new foods. The service here was excellent, but flawed, although I like to blame it on the opening jitters. The restaurant also has a very elegant feel, that seems perfect for a date night, although they invite everyone in for a casual dinner. Park Restaurant JUST opened, but I expect within a couple months, they'll be very popular.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,9/26/2013,283,199,14,20,16>Let me preface by saying that I'm not really a dessert/sweets person...I'd take a second dinner over dessert any day!  However, I do have a special place in my heart for ice cream...and consequently, Scoop.Contrary to their name, Scoop does NOT scoop their ice cream into paper/styrofoam bowls for you to eat with a spoon...Oh, how boring!  Scoop serves up ice cream sandwiches, and takes those ice cream sandwiches to the next level!  Gone are the days of FatBoy ice cream sandwiches, those cringe-worthy blocks of "ice cream" smashed between super soggy "cookies" pre-packaged and stored in your local supermarket's frozen aisle...ick!  Scoop takes the most delicious and unique flavors of ice cream out there and stuffs it between two fresh homemade cookies or macarons.  Can you say perfection?Your choice of ice cream with your choice of two cookies/macarons (you can even mix and match cookie flavors!) for $3.75 for the cookie ice cream sandwich & $4.75 for the macaron ice cream sandwich.  CASH ONLY!These puppies are huge!  yelp.com/biz_photos/scoo…Without a doubt, I definitely recommend the chocolate peanut butter oreo ice cream, which is the perfect mixture of decadent chocolate, creamy peanut butter, and crunchy oreo flavors all packed into one flavor of ice cream!  It's the best triple threat around!  I also had the opportunity to try the equally delicious strawberry cheesecake ice cream, which is the perfect blend of fresh strawberries and cheesy creaminess.  YUM!  I heard people all around me rave about the macarons, but I'm a cookie gal.  The s'mores cookie is so unique and delicious!The only cons are:1) No dedicated parking stalls = street parking only.  This doesn't seem to be a problem though, as there was a lot of available parking on King Street across the street from Farrington HS.  I speculate this may change after school begins though....2) You might go crazy from too much sugar intake.  Not recommended to eat a whole ice cream sandwich on an empty stomach before dinnertime.........
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,9/25/2013,297,159,28,19,15>Grip It And Rip It!   One day I was hanging out with my brother and we had just finished lunch. Thinking what to do next my brother said, " let's get our arm pits waxed!" I didn't know how that would go since Neither of us have been waxed before. I'm glad we did it because it was a great experience and I'm also glad we came here especially! It really is an experience here from the time you walk in the receptionist gives you some tea to relax with while you wait. These people are fun, yet professional!    Getting to the waxing part. Mandie was great and she answered all of our questions like "what does a Manzilian entail?" That was just a Brazilian for men. We didn't go that far, but who knows later! Ripping hair off of our armpits didn't hurt at all. And it was quick and painless! I don't know why I haven't done this before!!!! Very addicting like when you get your first tattoo and you want more. I'm thinking what else I can wax off! LOL! We just paid $20 because when you check in on Yelp you get a discount!!!! 10% off your first service! My brother and I loved Mandie. We were so comfortable! ***To sum up***-Discount on first service with check in!!!!-Clean and modern space -Great customer service-The wax was not burning like I thought it would be :D-They do men! There was an older Asian guy there too! Hey was straight also!! I don't know what he was getting done...-They wax everything! Ears, hands, areoles, and they even offer a take home anal bleaching kit! ;D OMGCome on Yeeps! Wax something off! Lol!!!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,9/24/2013,228,372,7,14,11>5. 26.13.Um. Ya. I still can't believe I did this. Sending special shout outs to some of my best gal pals AnaB & Kimi W. for convincing me to do this.Kimi W. saw this in one of the "Things to do in Hawaii" magazines in our TB hotel room and before I knew it we were all signed up for an 8:30 am shark adventure. BOOKING YOUR APPOINTMENT.After setting up an appointment via phone (you have to inform them of your name, number in your party and leave a credit card number; no cancellations, they'll make you pay the fee!), they send you a confirmation email with instructions and suggestions on what to bring. Cost is normally $105, Kama'aina rate is $90 (not including tax; ~$96 with tax)!!HOME BASE.This company runs out of Haleiwa Boat Harbor and they dock near the two story building where there are public bathrooms. (I would highly advise using the bathroom prior to your arrival, these are pretty pilau). The email says to check in no later than 15 min prior to your adventure time; they will still make you pay even if you miss the boat! I would suggest coming early to give yourself some time to mentally prepare if you are scared too. Each group is about 10-14 people; ours was about 14. At 8:15 we started boarding--the boat itself doesn't look that big, but it was pretty comfortable and could easily fit all of us. The boat ride to the cage is about 10 min, 4 miles out of Haleiwa Boat Harbor.THE CREW.The guys that run this operation were pretty chill; Rich is the driver and Cole is the talker. During the boat ride out, Cole covered most of the safety info and his laidback-ness did help to calm some of my nerves. I still can't believe that I was the only one who raised my hand when he asked "who's the most scared on the boat?" When we reached the cage, it was smaller than I anticipated from the pictures. We spilt up into two groups and while one is in the cage, the other is waiting on board where Cole informs us about sharks, etc. I liked being in the second group just because listening to the factoids sort of made me feel a little more "prepared" for what I was about to face haha.HOW IT WORKS.First, they'll collect your footwear in a bin and tuck them away in the cabin. All of the items you bring with you should also be stowed there because the back part of the boat will get soaked. On the ride out, I would suggest staying as dry as you can so sit closer to the cabin! They provide snorkels for you, but you are more than welcome to bring your own. Upon entering the cage, I was really scared to put my face under water...but after you get over that initial fear, it will be a blast! I was also concerned that the water temperature was going to be ridiculously cold but it was a comfortable 76 degrees F! Two sides of the cage will have plexiglass and one side will just have the bars. Prior to getting in Cole or Rich will inform you of what side the sharks will be coming from. Luckily, the people that we were sharing the cage with were nice enough to take turns with us, since the sharks stayed mostly on one side. For the most part though they do swim around on all sides; look out below too! All of the sharks that we saw that day were 10-15 ft Galapagos sharks; sorry no tigers or great whites haha. I believe they occasionally see tigers but it is rare. They weren't really that aggressive...I think more curious than anything. When Cole started teasing them by throwing a line in the water then they became a little more fiesty/active. But they don't bait or feed the sharks...not sure if this now illegal? Or maybe they do this on the earliest tour. You get about 20-30 min in the cage and once you get off you'll get hosed down with hot water!TIPS-Things to bring: towel, sweatshirt, sunglasses (and don't forget to apply sunscreen)!-Underwater camera! (GoPro 3.0 was great!); if you are a guest at Turtle Bay you can rent these for ~$35 for the day from the Adventure Center! The crew will also take pics for you from the boat if you ask :)-For those that get seasick, take your meds! It's possible to get sick from both the ride and being in the cage; it can be pretty rough! It's hard to control your body in the cage too so be prepared to walk away with a few bruises.-Bring a great attitude! Even though you might be scared, don't worry! If I can do it--I was scared of Bruce from Finding Nemo--you can too! Plus, in the group before us, there was a 5 year old...ya, you can do it!I honestly never thought I would ever consider doing this, probably because sharks are one of the things I fear(ed) the most. But I was lucky to have my supportive friends, because I LOVED IT!! I would totally want to do it again. I'm glad that I faced my fear and can add/check off an item on the bucket list. Don't get me wrong, I think there is still some fear in me about these guys, but like other Yelpers have mentioned, this experience also instills a sense of respect for these guysYelp 365 Challenge: #145/365
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,9/23/2013,230,197,5,11,7>This is for the new Palama Supermarket in Kalihi on North King Street, that replaced their old one on Dillingham Blvd.  I went by there around 4:30 p.m. on a Saturday, and the parking lot was fairly open so I did not have to face the double parking mess everyone has been talking about (what were they thinking?).  The place is still a work in progress, but it's kind of fun to go inside because it's clean and nicely organized.  It may be about as big as Keeaumoku Supermarket which means it's not that huge but at least it's nice.  One issue is that you had better go early as the closing time is 8 p.m.  This shows me they believe their new location is less safe than their Dillingham location (I believe closing time was 9 p.m.), I bet mostly because it's a stand alone store and does not have Zippy's and other stores to leverage safety.  That all said, I think the deli bar is already better than the previous one at Dillingham.  They have this very tasty Mochiko Chicken as part of the bar, and you can fill up your container for pretty cheap (it is light and airy so you can get a lot of pieces in there without weighing a ton).  Another deal is the kimchi in a plastic bag which is house made and cheaper, because you have to cut some of it up yourself at home.  Also, it's usually not entirely ripe yet, because they probably make it there daily.  I would say wait a day or two before trying.  If you don't mind the smell of kimchi sauce on your hands, go to town.  Just don't go out on a date after you have chopped up the kimchi (or find a date that doesn't mine this kine stink).  Oh, the kimchi jjigae (kimchi stew) at $3.50 a container has been and continues to be a steal.  I think prices on all their prepared stuff (kimchi stew, kimbap, fried squid) are reduced by early evening too.    The place is not fully stocked yet as my kids were looking for their favorite Korean snack, this flavored ramen looking thing called Pushu-Pushu, but I think they will be building up their inventory gradually.  They also still have the day old bread thing from St. Germaine's.  I got a bag of their raisin bread for $1.69.  Just keep and eye out for mold, but come on it's just a day.  Plus if you eat some bad bread, your body may be stronger for it -- if you survive.  I'd say that's win-win in today's economy (unless you die or develop a long-term illness -- and you can thank Obamacare for forcing you to buy health insurance).  I'm glad the place is finally open as it is the closest Korean market to my home.  Queen's which is located close to the Middle Street merge, was kind of a long drive.  Palama Shoopa -- Fighting!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,9/22/2013,262,145,7,15,7>Even after reading reviews and seeing photos, I was so impressed with how bright and airy 53 by the Sea looks. All traces of John Dominis' dark interior have been removed, but thankfully, the stunning view remains. I was able to eat here for dinner with reservations scheduled in time to catch the sunset. Our table was equipped with a cozy loveseat and pillows and afforded a perfect view. Fabulous.As for the food, I thought it was...good (pause necessary). We ordered the calamari salad, escargot stuffed mushrooms, lobster, and frutti di mare. The salad was LOADED with calamari. Various Yelp reviews swayed me to order the escargot mushrooms. It was not quite what I was expecting, but it was certainly a different preparation. The presentation of the lobster was quite stunning, and it had a nice flavor. The frutti di mare was okay, but there was nothing too creative about it. Desserts are serviceable, and I noticed a LOT of complimentary birthday desserts being served throughout the restaurant.Service is excellent and attentive. Our server took time to tell us about the private dining options upstairs as well as the wedding services. I was tempted to give this place a 3 based on food alone, but the setting/ambience alone are a 6/5, so I rounded up. I'd come back for lunch, which is apparently very reasonably priced. It should still be considered for a private party or an extremely romantic date location at night.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,9/21/2013,577,251,5,16,9>Bona fide Thai food just a stone's throw away from Halawa Correctional Facility?  Who knew?!?  Unless you work in the Halawa Industrial Park, Olay's is out of your way; but I believe worth the trip.  We wandered over there for lunch yesterday and tried 4 dishes: Cucumber Salad:  goodPumpkin Curry:  very, very goodPineapple Fried Rice:  pretty goodFried Whole Snapper in a Lime and Cilantro Sauce:  very goodIt looks like they do a lot of take-out orders.  I saw plenty of Styrofoam headed out the door.  They also have a dining room with several comfortable tables.  We ate in.  The service was pretty good.  The Thai iced teas came out late; but other than that, I found nothing to complain about.We shall return.  When we do, I'll be ordering the Pumpkin Curry again.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,9/20/2013,478,366,19,26,21>Yelp 365 Challenge x 2 #235/365Did you ever have that protective stance when you see someone just picking on someone else for no reason? Or you see your friend crying and you ask them, "Who made you cry?! Want me to beat them up for you?!" (while you're bouncing on your feet like Rocky)Well, that's pretty much how I felt when I noticed 3 Yelpish stars by Ushio Tei (Say whaaaat). Not sure if they improved their game because our experience deserved a five star!Anyhow, it was a date night type of evening and we decided to head to Kapolei. At first, we WERE going to Outback but it seemed like no one wanted to cook dinner at home because they were standing not just outside but inside! When I inquired with the hostess about the wait time, she answered "55 minutes". What the... We turned around and left. We drove past Assagio's and noticed the same thing!My husband asked, "Is there a celebration?"Me: "No, I'm thinking its because we hardly ever go out on Fridays anymore that we're not used to the crowds!"Then, I asked him "Are you feeling Japanese tonight because there is a Japanese restaurant at the Ihilani."It was about 20 minutes till closing...Did the hostess seem irritated? Nope. In fact, she seemed really sincere and happy that we were there and further happy when we shared that we lived nearby and wanted to check out Ushio Tei. I believe her name was Annette?Our waitress name was Heather and she was so sweet and looked out for us. The buffet looked great but my husband and I aren't buffet peeps, so we ordered the Wafu steak that came with rice and miso soup (my husband LOVED it).The Wafu steak was cooked exactly as we ordered with salad and grilled asparagus. Now I want to say there was sliced edamame but it could have been Lima beans which I dislike. However, even the veggies were delicious. You would think they want you out as quickly as possible since they close at 9 but they asked if we wanted any dessert. But, we were too full to take in anymore.As we paid our bill, I noticed the restaurant gives 10% discount for kamaaima's. How great is that? Love it! Then, we started talking with the hostess because she asked us if we were related to this guy that she knows whose daughter plays softball with her daughter. Gotta love this because only in Hawaii are you asked these type of questions "Are you related..." "Which high school did you graduate from..." Our experience from customer service to the food was over the top and delicious especially when you know that you can walk around afterwards and just enjoy the resort and the beach. I'm blessed to live in Hawaii. Thank you, Ushio Tei!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,9/19/2013,141,114,12,16,7>You know it's pricy because when you check in on Yelp, you get the "High Roller" badge.  But if you want to impress the one you love for a birthday, anniversary or special occasion, this will definitely earn you some brownie points.  Make sure to tell them what you're celebrating when you make the reservation (not saying you can't come here on the regular, but you'd have to be loaded to afford it!).Men - first things first.  You gotta wear a jacket and dress shoes.  They'll tell you that a long sleeved collared shirt is okay, but it's just that - okay.  They really want you to wear a jacket, haha.  Roll up to the valet at the Halekulani.  It's validated, baller!  La Mer is on the second floor and it opens at 6PM, the perfect time for getting a table with a view of the sunset.  They even hook the ladies up with a purse stool.  That's right, can't have the bags sitting on the floor!La Mer has a cool menu - you can either pick 3 courses for $110, 4 courses for $145,  or for $175 you can go all out and get the Menu Degustation, a sampling of all the chef's favorite courses.  And for $85 more, you can get wine pairings to go with it.  Luckily my mom got us a gift card for Christmas to help defray the cost, so we took the plunge - 7 courses of deliciousness!  Think about all the fanciest French foods you can imagine, and that should give you a good idea of what to expect.  From foie gras with pineapple chutney, to scallops topped with truffle shavings,  you'll be in heaven - and we haven't even talked about the lobster, lamb, cheese plate, and killer dessert.  Delicate flavors, refined presentation, and impeccable service is what La Mer is all about.  Now go and get your "High Roller" badge, cuz a meal like this will set you back well over $500 with tip!(PS - Almost forgot to mention that they have the awesome Japanese toilets.  You know, the kind that wash and dry your behind?  Worth checking out, haha...)
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,9/18/2013,438,680,5,10,13>Back in November, the bf and I found ourselves running an errand in Haleiwa and hungry after a shaved ice jaunt (that review is to follow later) so imagine my surprise when Thai food came up on my search for lunch spots.  Since we were about to literally drive past it, we opted to stop and check it out.After a slight mix-up with the seating and a bit of a wait, my bf and I had the pleasure of meeting Opal (seriously such a cool guy).  Having been featured on Diners Drive-ins and Dives, Opal is the real deal!  He talks to each customer and personalizes the ordering experience by asking if people like eggplants, tofu...do they feel like noodles or rice...what do they normally order when they go to a Thai restaurant...etc.Based on our conversation with him (the bf was a little under the weather that day, I love spicy food) he had several dishes brought out to us.  Of those dishes, my favorite?  Hands down, the House Special for the day.What I thought was some sort of rice/turnip cake was actually a mushroom radish cake w/scallion garlic sauce, scrambled eggs, bean sprouts, cilantro, sweet and spicy sauce. Yuuuuuum!  The edges were slightly crisp while the inside remained soft & chewy.  Opal says he grew up on this food-so did I!  Although being the bad Chinese that I am, I don't know what it is called.  Nevertheless, it was quite comforting to eat!I wished we lived closer to Haleiwa, because I find myself craving Opal's food quite often!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,9/17/2013,379,443,5,9,11>Finally had a chance to try out Sweet E's after going to sleep at 12 on a Saturday night skipping out on the boozing and waking up early the next morning. I suggested to my good friend James G. we go and try out Sweet E's. Lucky for me, he had skipped out on the booze  too - no hangover - no desire for pho (which always is the case with him) This cute little cafe is tucked in a side street right past Mr. Ojisan so unless you have your google map out it might be a little tricky to find. I dislike cream cheese. I never get it on bagels. Only butter. But I always make a cream cheese frosting when I bake carrot cake. Weird? Why you ask am I'm telling you this odd fact? Well, Sweet E's is famous for 2 items. Stuffed blueberry/cream cheese french toast & corned beef hash eggs benny's. I was craving a sweet breakfast so I decided to go with the french toast after interrogating the waiter about the cream cheese stuffed french toast. He reassured me that with the heat, the cream cheese melted and instead of overpowering the bread, just added a creaminess to it. I would agree with him. The maple syrup and the blueberries definitely helped add balance to the dish. I wish they had put more blueberries in though! yelp.com/user_local_phot…The winner of the meal had to be James' eggs bennys. I don't often order corned beef hash and usually like my eggs bennys with a standard canadian ham but the crispyness of the hash and the poached egg were the perfect combo and I commend Sweet E's for a bomb savory dish. Definitely getting this next time. Service was great, and the three waiters/waitresses did a good job holding down the fort. I'd advise going early or you might wait.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,9/16/2013,76,147,8,11,7>This is a locally owned, diamond in the rough! I say diamond in the rough because its hard to find, the sign is not on the main road. Take a right after Korea house when on Kapiolani. you can't see inside the bar/pub through the doors so you aren't sure if you're even going in the correct place. But you open the doors and it has a U shaped bar, with a few booths and tv's. stairs to the 2nd floor is to the right. It can be a private reserved room, which is what we did because my cousin just won a hoku award! The only thing that isn't private is the women's bathroom, the only one is on the second floor. Service here is amazing! They are so nice and explain everything without asking! Kim & Erin are wonderful! First I will say that we are upstairs for a private party but the room is free to rent/reserve and they cater in house at a great price! Upstairs is perfect for a comfortable relaxed environment! 4 dart boards, a corner of couches/loungers, 4 long tables with about 8-12 chairs each and 2 tall bar tables with 6 barstools total. $20 minimum on cards or else use cash. I'm the driver so cash it is! :) Parking there are about ten stalls in front of the building but there is a parking lot on the other side of the building that I believe that Kiki's will pay it for you!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,9/15/2013,186,203,4,7,5>HAPPY HOUR!!!! A really cheap, and affordable happy hour with good food and drinks! There are two happy hours daily.   Early happy hour is M- Sat, 4-7 and late happy hour M-Th 11 pm-2 am (they are closed on Sundays).  The best part about this HH?  The prices! Martinis and Well Cocktails are only $3.50, wines - $6, beer $1 offand all tapas are $4!  My girlfriends and I went on a Saturday night for happy hour and ordered almost everything on the tapas menu and had seconds of a few of them. We also each had a drink or two and when we split the bill, it only came out to $15 per person including tax and tip!  Definitely the best HH for value and quality in my opinion!  We ordered one of everything from the menu, but our favorites of the night were the artichoke dip with lavosh chips, the arrancini, and the veggie samosas.  The portions are not big and many of the tapas come with 4 pieces, so this was perfect for our group of 4 ladies.  But when you take a sampling of a little bit of everything, it really fills you up. I hear the tapas come from DuVin.   As for the drinks, I like my drinks sweet (yes, I like my fru-fru drinks) so the Sexy Bull was perfect for me.  I'm glad I finally go to try BambuTwo, and it's now on my list of favorite happy hour spots.  As I always say, Happy Hour:  happy belly+happy wallet=happy me! :)
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,9/14/2013,249,129,15,26,18>Ever since I was a little kid, Char Hung Sut was the place to go for manapua & dim sum. This family business has been around for about 67 years, & at one time was a sit-down restaurant offering not only dim sum, but their signature duck noodle soup. When the matriarch of Char Hung Sut passed on, no one could duplicate the duck noodle soup, & it changed into an entirely take-out dim sum restaurant, which it is today.  It is not really a restaurant, but resembles more like a kitchen. yelp.com/biz_photos/char…Its limited menu & prices (as of 5/10/13) are:- Steamed manapua (black sugar or char siu):  $1.50. They are quite large w/ the subtle sweet & chewy dough, consisting of all shredded pork & no fat.  Classic!- Ma tai su:  75¢. A baked flaky pastry of char siu, water chestnuts, & green onions.  This has been my favorite ever since small-kid time, & its taste has never been duplicated elsewhere.- Ip jai:  $1.00. A steamed mochi dumpling wrapped in banana leaf or ti leaf. There are 2 different fillings, one w/ char siu, peanuts, water chestnuts, & green onions; the other w/ coconut.  Not well known, but is delicious if you like mochi and char siu. The char siu one is my favorites, & they only make a few each day, so this must be pre-ordered. No other place has been able to duplicate its taste.- Half moon or gok jai:  75¢. A steamed dumpling shaped like a half moon, consisting of char siu, water chestnuts, & green onions.- Pork hash or siu mai:  75¢. A steamed pork hash dumpling.- Pepeiau:  75¢. Named after the Hawaiian word for "ear," this is a steamed dumpling that is shaped like an ear. It has similar ingredients as the half moon.- Rice cake:  75¢. They have 2 kinds that are steamed - one that is in layers (I used to peel each layer off to eat it, making it last longer), & the other is fluffy and airy.- Taro:  $1.50. A diamond-shaped mashed taro cake topped w/ char siu, Chinese olives, & green onions. Not duplicated elsewhere & is very filling.- Chow fun or chow mein:  $5.75 for a quart box. They put in a lot of crunchy bean sprouts, char siu, & green onions.  Very tasty.yelp.com/biz_photos/char…Some of the items may run out quickly due to a limited amount that is made (char siu ip jai, taro cake). The demand is greater during holidays & office celebrations, where office workers anxiously put in their orders to share with their co-workers for these occasions. It also gets fast & furious during the football season. It's a perfect way to say thank you to someone when you give them a box of assorted dim sum. It makes a favorite contribution for a potluck gathering. And it makes a perfect lunch or snack to nibble on. Best way to get what you want is to pre-order by phone.Many people take these items to the Neighbor Islands or Mainland.  If you let them know, they will pack it securely w/ cardboard panels & twine so that it's easy to carry on the plane.  Special treatment for travelers. Over the years, I've been disappointed that some of the items have gradually gotten smaller in size while prices have steadily crept up. Their manapua & ip jai, though, have not changed in size. Sign of the times, I guess. And yet, no one has been able to duplicate the taste and ingredients of their dim sum. Cash only.The staff works very quickly to fulfill your order, & you're out of there in minutes, unless you're waiting for a batch of dim sum to finish cooking. Your items are usually steaming hot & are so delish to eat them right away. Phone orders are placed on a shelf, ready for you when you arrive there.yelp.com/biz_photos/char…yelp.com/biz_photos/char…This hole-in-the-wall place does not have any ambiance. The place is small, where workers are hand-making ma tai su & other dim sum by the hundreds right next to the cash register. You can feel & see a fine mist of flour throughout the place. yelp.com/biz_photos/char…Metered on-street parking & municipal parking lots are available. There's a loading zone in front of the restaurant where many customers will park for a few minutes to pick up their dim sum. For convenience, I usually wait for an opening to park there. Don't mind the homeless people around the corner.I'm not a little kid anymore.  And now, more than 60 years later, it's still my to-go place for their signature & one-of-a-kind steamed char siu bao, ma tai su, & ip jai. Char Hung Sut is iconic & will probably outlive me.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,9/13/2013,87,129,8,12,10>Little did we know that this place is set right in the midst of a mini Korea town, right there on Keeaumouku, across from MacDonalds with choke small Kor-businesses, with not enough parking spaces. But with a little patience and luck we found a spot around 2 corners away.  Can't miss it's entry, as it's facade is adorned by a grass hut awning over the door. And if you still can't find it...... it's DIRECTLY across a GIANT white neon "Imua Lounge" sign. ( one of my other reviews)  Upon entering the small narrow restaurant, crowded with dinner hour patrons, the first thing we noticed; this must be the place where Korean true-bloods go. This isn't like the local style "Kim Chee" franchises, or other Korean eateries where they have pictures of their dishes all over the windows, and you see many differing races... no sir!! You step in, and you step into Korea!  This ( in my opinion) is the real deal...... it's a place where if my grandfather were alive, would fit right in among all his expatriates, talking story, and eating food that closely reminds them of home.... I wish he were here, I'd bring him.  Okay.... so after reading other Yelps  reviews, and seeing their pics, I just HAD to try the Seafood Jun. A monster pancake filled with pieces of (you guessed it) seafood, and crunchy vegetables, fried to a beautiful golden brown. I'm saying... maybe in itself... kinda boring.... but dipped in cho jung (dipping sauce)  yeah...here you go!  Wife wanted the Kal Bi, which arrived on a sizzling platter, piled high and garnished with green onion and sesame seeds. I just love when I hear the sizzle before anything else, and then I see the waitress winding her way it to the table, being followed by that ever popular plume of delicious smoke, and then being placed on the table where you inhale and get that first wonderful blast..... AAAHHHHH!!!! Something about the smell of slightly burnt Kal Bi, just really makes it!  But the the dish that took it over the top..... the fried mundoo! Not like the others where there's a teaspoon, or two of filling, in it's wrapper neatly folded with nicely pinched edges, sometimes over-fried, or heaven forbid over-fried AND SOGGY....nope!   This ones a big plump pillow, with maybe 3 heaping tables spoons of tasty filling, done more in the gyoza, pot sticker style where the mundoo is just lightly browned on each side, better to enjoy it's insides and delicate pi. Tasty, tasty!!! Ban Chan were turnip, and won bok kim chee, also a dish of slightly fermented cucumber, and a slaw of crisp sliced cabbage with a vinegar chili dressing, and 2 dishes of cho jung, all gladly refilled upon request. Along with a ewer of water, and our cooler of ice cold brew, things probably couldn't get too much better than this, food wise.   Left there totally satisfied with a happy opu, small buzz, and a new appreciation of Korean talent because of what was was being broadcast on the big screen TV, via satellite (I'm thinking)  Return trip......... "Can't see why not!" I see Ox bone in my future, it might be what my grandfather would have.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,9/12/2013,374,151,13,15,12>I love this place, especially since it's within walking distance from my boyfriend's place. We can get our drink on TOGETHER at dinner for once and he doesn't have to be the sober DD while I slam back shots solo. Nice!! The service has been consistently awesome. The staff is super cool and friendly. I absolutely love the combo that you can make yourself, but they give you so much food I've been getting only one entree for $9 now instead of the 2-or3fer deals. I get the enchiladas with veggies and green sauce and it packs a lot of flavor. Refried beans and rice on the side is also delicious. The chips and salsa they give you first is awesome--amazing salsa ever, and I'm a salsa snob. They always have a special deal every day of the week too, which is a plus. Friday it's $1.50 off shots so I can get my drink on and not drain my bank account. Just gotta make sure I can still walk my drunk a$$ across Beretania to get home after and I'm all set.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,9/11/2013,380,95,13,15,18>Roll out the red carpet. Fix your hair. Hug those curves into a nice dress. Because it's Valentine's Day, ladies! What a conundrum for me. I love romance, but hate cheesy romance. I swoon over flowers, but detest the 400% markup that men face on this one day. To say "I don't want anything on VDay...people should celebrate it EVERYDAY" is a downright lie. Any woman who has received a dozen roses truly by surprise at her workplace feels not only admiration, but more importantly appreciation.With that said, I did something different this year and took my man out on VD out of sheer reciprocation for showering me with roses, stuffed animals, chocolates, and breakfast today. He has never been to Roy's...until now.Roy's flagship Hawaii Kai restaurant opened over 20 years ago in December 1988 and has catapulted 28 other restaurants in the US. I've eaten at all of the Roy's in the Hawaiian island chain, as well as the west coast in LA and Anaheim. Roy Yamaguchi is one of a dozen cast of characters who started the Hawaii Regional Cuisine movement back in 1991. Alongside him were the iconic Alan Wong (whom I worked for back in 2000), Bev Gannon (Hali'imaile General Store), George Mavrothalassitis (Chef Mavro), Sam Choy (Sam Choy's BLC), Philippe Padovani, Jean-Marie Josselin, and so many others. They created a love child of local ingredients and ethnic flair that an experienced epicurian can detect the moment it hits their lips. So choosing the right dining experience was easy for me....except...There was one drawback.Due to the high volume of swooners, VD often comes pre-arranged with a set menu at many restaurants. I prefer to pick-n-choose the best dishes for a first timer, but this will just have to do. And it did not disappoint!Upon entrance, the lovely hostess greeted and seated us within five minutes. Roy's is famous for their exceptional customer service. Most notably, EVERY SINGLE wait staff that lock eyes will greet you on your way in and thank you on your way out. This has not changed. I've seen wait staff stop what they're doing and give a courteous nod and fond adieu, then proceed onward. If you leave the table for any reason, your napkin will magically be folded and shaped on your place setting when you return. Your water level will never go beyond half-point. That is trademark Roy's.The menu featured a five-course prix fixe of Kampachi served Usuzukuri-style (thinly sliced and raw), cauliflower bisque, scallop & exotic mushroom dynamite, your choice of 14 main dishes, and a dessert duo of macaroons and guava cake. Our server Carmen was sweet, refreshing, and friendly. Our food was prompt and complimented our selection of Zenato Pinot Grigio and Chateau Ste. Michelle Riesling. Our busboy Cameron was exceptionally attentive, cleared our plates in a timely fashion, and bagged my 16-oz Prime Ribeye Steak. Every course was seasoned to perfection and since these items were limited-engagement items, critiquing would be moot because it would not be featured on the main menu. All I can attest is that was the best cauliflower bisque I have ever eaten, the Ribeye was tender and extremely flavorful, and the kampachi was a delight.Two hours later with opus filled to capacity, the beefcake and I whispered to each other, "Let's do this again." Operation VD 2013: Success!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,9/10/2013,310,332,13,19,16>OMG, I just began my relationship with Imana's and I'm already attached like a needy girlfriend. I made a reservation for two, a week in advance, it was for a week night so no sweat. I have heard some horror stories about large parties and making reservations on the , you need plenty of advance notice. I was also a bit anxious about the parking situation as there's less than 10 stalls they share with Kohnotori and everyone warned me if its full, I have to find street parking. And everyone knows this is not the easiest feat. No Pucks Alley parking either. These are two major hiccups I do not like, advanced reservations and parking issues...however I heard great things so I was willing to look beyond and give Imana's a try. So we got there an hour before our reservation at around 530pm, luckily they took us early and we scored a parking stall in the lot. This dinner was starting out fabulous. The service was excellent from all the staff who all seem to be Japanese nationals. One thing I noticed was it seemed like they wanted to get you in and out, no dallying which would turn off most people. I like to get in and and out at a place so I was content. The waitress was there a couple minutes after we were seated and bam the food was there shortly after. The restaurant is small with a private room and sushi bar. It's very cute and has a romantic ambiance. yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…This is a family style restaurant which I love since I'm so indecisive and love to share food, well depending on who my dinner date is. So heres the dish about the dishes...shochu with green apple - yummy and not too overpowering. I only had one since I had to focus on the food.yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…grilled beef tongue $9.50- grilled perfectly and not too thin. Loved it.yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…garlic buttered clams $12.50- the clams were huge and practically fell out of the shell. The broth was pure buttery goodness that had to be slurped.yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…stewed miso based beef $5.50- this was an interesting dish. It was very tasty but a little salty for my tastes. Make sure to top your beef with a bunch of negi, it enhances the flavor more IMO.yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…skewered katsu with special katsu sauce $6 - the katsu was tender and who doesn't love anything on a stick.  Yum!yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…grilled calamari shio $9.50 - this dish was ok, not too flavorful. But love that you get rings and tentacles. yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…salmon skin roll $9.50 - loved the roll. The salmon skin was crispy and went well with the tobiko.yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…spider roll $12.50- the soft shell crab was oishii! It went perfectly with the slivers of avocado in the roll. yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…assorted sashimi for one person $19.50- a tray of art. The fish was fresh and melted as you ate it. I do wish the pieces were more thinly sliced. I enjoy thin sliced sashimi more than the chunky variation.yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…And the Pièce de résistance...The grilled butterfish with miso sauce $13.50 - my favorite dish and what I've been told I HAD to have. I enjoyed almost everything I ate here, I didn't love everything but nothing was bad at all. But this dish, it is what made my relationship bloom with Imana's. It was good size piece, not fishy, no bones and very moist. This is a must get dish. yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…I think we over ordered. I was so full but happy. I literally had tears well up in my eyes. Talk about an awesome first time.I came in with high expectations and Imana's did not disappoint.yelp.com/biz_photos/iman…And this is the story about how my relationship began with Imana's.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,9/9/2013,1039,82,5,20,13>Located In Waipahu, Disco Mart is only one of a few furniture stores on the West side of the island. It's on the back street of Lex Brodie.  I'd been looking for a dresser for quite some time and have visited a lot of places. I've been here a couple of times and everyone was always friendly and helpful. Whenever I went there, I never felt like they were pushing me to buy something and they didn't hovering over me like other places. Occasionally someone would check in on me and told me if I needed anything to just ask. I had been looking at one particular dresser but wasn't in a hurry to buy it. When I went in, I was greeted warmly. After browsing for a bit Ludy walked over to offer her assistance. I told her I didn't want to spend more than $300. The one I was looking at was $399 and Ludy said she'd check to see how much it was because she was pretty sure it was on sale. She came back and told me $329! I of course told her "sold". The best part was that it wasn't the type you have to put together yourself, thank god. If I had to put it together, it would definitely come out lopsided.While I was paying for it, I struck up a conversation with the workers there and found out it was a family business and everyone working there was related to each other. I have to say they were all so friendly. They weren't like the other places that just take your money and then you're on your way. Maybe I talk too much lol, because I was there for at least 20 mins sharing some friendly conversation until I heard my friend clear his throat loudly, a hint for me to stop talking I assumed, lol. The set up is like a warehouse, it's not fancy like the big retailers but surprisingly they have a variety of items, from kitchen appliances to bedroom furniture. They have trinkets, lamps and even bedding. Though they have a lot of items, it doesn't seem unorganized or cluttered. Everything is sectioned off in categories making it easy to find what you're looking for. It's a lot bigger than what it looks like from the outside.Don't be put off by the name. I admit I was a little hesitant to try a place called Disco Mart and imagined all the gaudy furniture from the disco era but I was pleasantly surprised. Everything is modern, sleek and chic. Support your local mom n pop's store. They are a dying breed. I feel you get more of a personal touch. If you have furniture needs make sure to check out this place.They will take care of you with a smile. Special thank you to the crew there: Ludy, Francis, Wayne, Eunice, Jimmy, Marge and Chris. You guys are awesome!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,9/8/2013,295,401,25,35,31>In order to get a "runner's high", you first need the right pair of shoes. At Runner's HI, the staff is well trained on what types of shoes fit your fitness level.Here are a few tips when you come here: be open minded on the brand and model of shoes. This store carries many walking/running brands which you may not be as familiar with compared to the big boxed stores. From Asics to Newton and Saucony to Brooks, the selection here is excellent for both men and women. Another piece of advice is to make sure you have plenty of time to spare as you will probably try on a few pairs before making your decision. Bring a pair of socks and your old shoes for the staff to analyze your step. I always return to Jeff because he is extremely helpful and listens to all my foot problems. They also sell running apparel, running gear and nutritional supplements (gels too) along with free brochures on upcoming races. The shoes are all marked as retail prices but the service will justify it.This store is located in Aiea at the beginning of Kamehameha Highway and shares the same store with Go Banana's. Plenty of parking by the side of the shop. You'll be amazed of all the Honolulu Marathon bibs posted on the wall. You'll definitely feel the difference between a specialized store makes when it comes to walking/running.Dedicated to the 2013 Boston Marathon
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,9/7/2013,328,504,14,27,21>Food for the Soul.Many thanks to Alycia P. for hosting the 1st goodbye party for Quijana B. at Ken Nae's Southern Cuisine.  Since I wasn't able to attend her previous UYE, this was the perfect excuse/reason to dine here with fellow Yelpers.LOCATION/PARKING:  Aiea Town Square shopping center.  Ample parking available in shopping center lot.NOTE:  Use the door towards the LEFT to enter the restaurant.  The door on the RIGHT is near the dining area but isn't used as an entrance.  PROCEED:  1)  Order.                     2)  Pay.                     3)  Food will be brought to your table.SETTING/AMBIANCE:  As you enter the restaurant, you will immediately see a counter where the staff will gladly take your order.  To the right is the cashwrap.  Thankfully credit cards are accepted.  The seating area is spacious, and the staff was kind to move 2 tables together to accommodate our group of 6.  The lighting initially was dim, but the lights (for some reason) were brightened as the evening progressed.FOOD:  The menu has a variety of items including salads, sandwiches, and entrees. Entree dishes are served with 2 sides as well as cornbread.  After looking over the menu, I decided to order the catfish with sides of baked beans and mac and cheese.  Two other people chose the catfish, while others ordered the ribs and wings.1)  Catfish:  Delicious!  Generous portion.  I've never really ate or tried Southern cooking before, so I have no foodie experiences to compare this to.  I will say I was satisfied with my order as I thought the fish was well prepared.  I would definitely order this again on a future visit.2)  Mac and Cheese:  Cheesey!  Savory and delectable.3)  Baked Beans:  Prepared well.  Delightful.4)  Hush Puppies:  Alycia P. was kind enough to share with us.  This was so good!! I loved it!SERVICE:  Very Satisfactory.  Our group was greeted when we entered and were promptly given menus.  Throughout our meal, the staff came to check with us periodically if everything was ok.  Refills were given in a timely manner.  Extra napkins were provided.  I also appreciated the initiative by the staff to ask if anyone needed take out containers as well.  SUGGESTION:  Although there is a menu posted in the window, and various menus available to look at, I was thinking that maybe a larger menu (with larger type) should be posted somewhere along the wall.  There is ample space on the wall to the left of the entrance....they just have to rearrange the wall decor.  Lastly, perhaps number placards should be given to customers while they are waiting so staff know which orders belong to each respective customer.  **NOTE**:  I have not been back to this business since 6/28/13, so I'm not sure if there have been any changes since then.Bottom Line:  I was thankful to enjoy good food amongst good company.  Service was very satisfactory.  Ample seating.  Clean and spacious for the most part.  I plan to return to try more of their menu.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2013,9/6/2013,443,125,7,18,10>I wanted to try this place because I love rib eyes and the hubby likes crab & lobster.  The new deco is pretty cool and the ambiance is just as swag.  But once the sun starts to go down the tables are pretty dark.  When I say dark I mean it's difficult to see your food.  Maybe this place already took care of the lighting factor but on the night of any dinner anyone can see that I cannot see. hahahaThe view is always cool.  Staff of course was friendly from the hostess to the waiters.I ordered the rib eye it was okay.  I've had better, but I didn't want to be critical and wanted to keep an open mind.  Then I had the cream corn and from what I heard it's a hit and miss and luckily for me it was a hit.  I think I enjoyed that more than my steak.  I expected the steak to be amazing, but it was still good enough.  My hubby had his fav which was lobster and crab legs.  Those were okay but we ended up taking it home because his eyes was bigger than his stomach.  We've had better and how so you ask.  Well you can't just boil or steam seafood sometimes you need a hint of flavor in the water to add taste.  The crab legs wasn't pre scorned to assist in the opening of the shell once it gets to your table. A customer shouldn't have the need for a "crab cracker instrument" if it's cut in the right places for the customer to open.  Would I go back.  Of course.  But it would be for the happy hour.  The dinner is a little over rated and maybe things will get better once more people start to give their little tips here and there.  Yay's!appetizers are pretty goodEeehh!Lighting at night is too dark
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,9/5/2013,226,72,7,14,10>So I've been here on two separate occasions. My first visit was at dinner time around 7:00 p.m. and the second was yesterday for lunch at 12:45 p.m. both times I came there was no wait, which I loved! Usually if you eat at conveyor belt sushi, wait times can go as long as 45 minutes to an hour! Craziness! Anyway, I really enjoy it here because portions are huge! You definitely get what you pay for. On both occasions, I ordered garlic salmon, fresh salmon, onion salmon, and a chawanmushi the food tasted exactly the same! Which really means a lot, because consistency is very important! I've also tried there kobocha tempura, so delicious! Thinly sliced, deep fried pieces of awesomeness!It was nice too because when the two servers were busy and I wanted to order a salmon cream cheese, the nice man behind (who I believe is the owner, could be wrong xD) asked if I wanted anything, so I told him just that and he made it for me and asked if I wanted avocado in it. YES PLEASE! :)This place is a winner in my book. I've never been to this place before the new management, but I've read some interesting reviews prior to them. If you're in the area, check it out! The service and food are great! You won't be disappointed! I will be back!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,9/4/2013,263,224,20,11,15>(In the tune of Nuthing but a G Thang by Dr. Dre and Snoop Dog) One, two, three and to the fo'I'm heading into Thang's II's  door Ready to make an entrance, so back on upCause I"m about to try some amazing stuff in a cupThe best drinks at THANG COFFEE AND  bubbleAll you locals, now you know you in troubleAin't nothin' but a  Drink THANG, baaaaabay!The smoothies are good I"m going craaaaazay!My recommodation so praaaaaise me!Unfadable, so please don't try to fade this (Hell yeah)But, uh, back to the lecture at handPerfection is perfected, so I'm 'a let 'em understandFrom a locals G's perspectiveSo many choices its hard to be selectiveYou never know what to order gotta have a plan,Gotta choose a flavor I think can, and at the same time be a manNow you know can't have a little bit, LieutenantThis drink is good enough to drink I'm up in it(yeah) Now that's realer than real-deal HolyfieldAnd now all you locals know how I feel She uses fresh fruint, break me off chunkI'll take a piece of some of that ono stuff It's like Mango and like Taro and like this and uh It's like Soursop and like Durian and like that and uh It's like Chocalate  and like Banana and like this and uh Cy, creep to the straw like a phantom  Well I'm drinking, and I'm drinking', and I'm drink-in'Less than 5 bucks you must be tripin' Now it's time for me to make my impression felt So sit back, relax, and strap on your seatbelt You never been on a ride like this befo' Thang creates amazing drinks she is a maestroAt the time as I continue to rhyme.. what drink do you pick You know, and I know,  its all amazing sh@@ To add to my collection, the selection Symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke If ya' do, ya' have no clueGreat service, amazing drinks is what they do I like Honeydw and like Jackfruit and like this and uh I like Avocado and like Peach and like that and uh It's like this, and be happy for what you chose So jus' chill, 'til the next episode
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,9/3/2013,123,234,12,14,13>Every now and then you see that review that catches your eye on the old Yelp feed.Elite Yelper Justin S. gave this place straight up 5 stars. Justin knows his coffee! So wife and I had to make a special trip here.If you get a weird feeling you are walking into a waxing salon you are in the right place. Nothing fancy. Just two ladies and fancy coffee machine.Wife ordered the Japanese Ice Coffee and I ordered the French Press.Then the magic happens..."What kind of coffee do you want French pressed?" They had Ethiopian, House and Ka'u.Of course I am going to go local! Ka'u it is.First, they ground the beans freshly to the order. Then, the lady made both of our coffees from hot water out of what looked like a watering can you would use on your plants. She poured it with the same care that a prize gardener would water her award winning tulips. After she was done "watering" the coffees, she put wife's in a special container with ice and mine in the french press.The whole process takes a few minutes, so don't get all futless. If you are in a hurry, go to McDonalds.Wife and I sipped our coffees and all of our chakras were instantly opened.I looked at the top of my coffee cup and you can see all the little coffee oils giving the liquid that "body" you get with a good cup of joe. Wife did not need to add sweetener to her's as the beans took on their own "sweetness" due the preparation method.I asked the barrista if she had a lot of experience. She said she had been in coffee for years. "Submerged in coffee?" I asked.  No as a coffee roaster. This place is a pop up, so it may not last in this location for long. I however expect it will outlast the waxing salon
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,9/2/2013,390,471,25,31,25>"You're gonna love this place"  I tell my visiting bud from Vegas as we step into the oily, smoky, air perfumed by the smell of fire roasted chicken.  Past the pit, a "howzit" to the cook, enter the clean nondescript restaurant, to the counter and a friendly smile."What you like?" she ask."Eh, aunty, can get two chicken. No need cut.  One pound ribs and plenty napkins.  Das it." as I let my West Coast persona down."This is your aunt's restaurant" says my bud looking quizzically at me then at the lady who took the order and back at me."What???  You're an idiot." as I slap him on the back of the head.Hawaii's answer to KFC and it is "Finger Lickin' Good (KFC gave up the slogan in 2011).  Rotisserie chicken before Costco.  Fall off the bone goodness with the simplest of seasonings (sugar, salt, paprika, essence of burnt chicken fat).  Yes, it's smaller than before.   Yes, the price is higher than before.  At least they use local chickens not packed with growth hormones (skinny chickens).  Best of all, it's now on demand.  No more waiting for the neighborhood kids to come by selling huli huli chicken fund raising tickets.The other menu item, lemongrass ribs, excellent but different.  Spare ribs, pre boiled then finished on the fire.  Heavy lemongrass aroma, sweet pork flavor, a hint of heat and a touch of MSG.  Some pickled veg for sides (kim chee, takuan, etc).  Order as a plate or chicken / ribs only.One of Hawaii's contributions to the culinary world.  "So Good"; used without permission, shhhh.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,9/1/2013,512,228,7,9,11>Can I say this is my favorite Korean Yakiniku place?!Yes.The Good*Never fully crowded so I don't have to worry about waiting in line or anything like that, but this restaurant could get pretty busy!*Food omg. Order everything.*Pork Belly!!!*Kalbi mmmm*The extra free stuff, eff yes!*Good combo prices *Love the outdoor seating option. Tree with night lighting, it's lovely.The Bad*I take that back, don't order everything. I didn't like the Kim chee pancake, it fell apart on me badly.The Weird*Funny that this is Yakiniku where you cook your own food, but not really because they come around and flip your meat for your and cut it. It's like cook it yourself, but not really let me help you kind of place! But I think alot of Yakiniku places are like that?
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,8/31/2013,122,491,3,10,9>My manager told me about this place and I have been wanting to try it for awhile.  My mother in law was in town and she was watching my son so I figured it would be a good time to finally eat here.  It's not easy eating hot pot when you have a 2 year old... he likes to touch EVERYTHING.Anyway, my manager recommended getting one set pot and one meat as additional and he promised "lots of food, Jerrene!"  This is the same person that says "Oh I'm hungry.  I got TWO tacos at Taco Bell today!"  Sorry sorry I just had to throw it out there.  So my husband and I were like "Oh must be a decent amount of food but we still eat more than this man so can't be THAT much food."  I was completely WRONG.  I couldn't finish all my meat!  Neither could my husband!  We were rolling out by the end of our meal...We did go at 5:30 since we just got off work and wanted to eat before seeing our child.  We got one Asuka nabe and one spicy nabe.  I really wanted to try two since honestly, when am I going to be back here next?  (I really want to go NOW!)  The service was good because we were the only customers when we entered.  By the time that we left, it was about 1/2 to 2/3 full.  There was a LOT of food, especially the meat.  You can't say the same about that for other nabe places (as much as I love you Ichiriki...).  However, the vegetables were not as plentiful and I love veggies!  I was kinda bummed that there was not more won bok and enoki.  I couldn't even finish my meat.  I got told to take it home and eat it for lunch but there wasn't enough veggies and I prefer some veggies if I am eating meat and rice.  Just my personal preference.  However, the sauces were amazing.  I loved all the different options and garnishes.  I would go again for just that!  Also our meal was only around $43 for both of us (not including tip) but that is a bargain.  As much as I love Sweet Home Cafe, they definitely have upped their prices and decreased the amount of food that they give.  I HIGHLY recommend it here.You can park on the side streets or the lot up the street.  No sense paying the metered lot by FHB/BCD/all those other businesses on the other side of Waialae.  I am definitely a fan of this place :)!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,8/30/2013,148,297,4,11,8>Ichiriki really has it going on. The service is always wonderful and the nabe is always delicious!I highly recommend reservations because this place is always jam packed. My husband and I often come here for date night. They have happy hour from 4-6 and 9:30 to closing. My husband loves their large mugs of Kirin draft (they are really big!) and I can get my iichiko and oolong tea craving satisfied. My favorite nabe is the original ichiriki nabe and my husband always gets the kim chee nabe. I substitute my rice for more of those clear noodles that soak up all the broth and I'm ready to chow down!Parking is never a problem here and service is always so exceptional! All of the servers we have had have been so wonderful they really know how to hire good workers here.Can't wait until my next date night so I can get my Ichiriki on!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,8/29/2013,527,376,6,8,8>Everyone likes to be unique and original and Blank Canvas is the perfect one-stop-shop to make that happen.  BC offers original designs and logos to stir up your imagination or to simply provide you with a creative gift idea.  The process is so easy: Enter; take a seat; flip through binders and binders of designs; choose one or two or three; select shirt/bag/hat/whatever to print onto; voila!!!  Not only are their selections of designs fun and quirky, but their selection of shirts are great.  You do get the usual ribbed t-shirts to choose from, but also COMFORTABLE fitted women's tees, bags, hats, baby onesies and other "trendy-type" of merch.  Really, there's not much you CAN'T print on!Entering the store was a bit overwhelming for me so if you're like me (non-creative) feel free to ask the store experts for what's popular or what's new and upcoming.  I believe the owner creates most (if not all) of the designs so he knows his stuff pretty well :)  This is a great place to visit for gift-giving or to give yourself a bit of a trend-edge!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,8/28/2013,3139,188,14,9,13>(S) ashimi here is top notch(C) ounter top dining is the only way to eat(R) amfis loves this place(E) verything i have eaten is simply amazing(W) ow factor when Chef James whips up his sushi(J) ames is by far one of the most innovative sushi chefs around( I ) love the sake selection here..great and fair prices(R) aw oysters with ponzu...yum(O) toro sushi here melts in your mouth(D) o the omakase and let chef james lead the way(R) elaxed atmosphere and very easy going are the sushi chefs here(E) ating that Monkfish Liver from Boston got me in a trance(A) sk chef James or Steve anything, dont be scared(M) irugai Sushi is so soft and crunchy(S) callops from Hokkaido were out of this world(O) rder the coldwater lobster tail with ponzu(F) reshness and quality is what i like about this place(S) ayuri sushi....so good(U) ni from Santa Barbara....Sweet like Kahuku Corn(S) teve is another sushi chef at Kona Kai who ROCKS!!(H) eaven on earth is how i describe the sushi and sashimi here( I ) would eat here each and everyday but im not Donald Trump(R) ibeye Steak is available off the ala carte menu(A) llow Chef James to make some of his signature sushi for you(M) ake sure you dont just come here for miso soup or a california roll ok?(F) ive thirty is when they are open...closed on sundays( I ) nnovative and creative is Chef James(S) tarving myself next time so i can eat everything they have to offer(D) aiginjo sake is the way to my heart(R) eally love the space on the sushi counters here(E) xpect to pay a premium price for premium sushi here(A) lways have fresh seafood flown in each and every day(M) y friend loves this place so much, so do i(S) erious sushi lovers would love this place(O) rder the squid stuffed with bluecrab as well(F) inding parking can be real easy if you come early(K) ing crab sushi from Russia...incredible(O) rder the spicy ahi chips as well(N) ew Caledonia Blue shrimp with Black Tobiko..OISHI!!!(A) lso order the Three Wisemen which has Uni,Ikura, and Mirugai(K) aimuki is where they are located now. Next to Top of The Hill Bar(A) ji Sushi here was also too die for( I ) never thought a local boy would do good in the sushi business...i was wrong(S) ushi served with warm rice is what got me(U) nbelievable is how i describe this place(S) ushi master James is on top of his craft and riding high(H) aving another stellar place to eat great sushi makes me happy( I ) have to tell you at least try this place once and see what im talking about(A) re reservations recommended? You better believe it(L) ove the ice cold beers on draft as well(L) ove to see the chefs in action right from the counter(T) ai snapper sushi is so good(H) ave the bottle of Kubota Junmai Ginjo..at a $100 bucks a bottle is a deal(E) at the Kinmedai or Golden Snapper sushi as well(T) he Moi with Ankimo sushi was pure genius( I ) also love the Canadian Albacore(M) y review is almost over and i have to tell you(E) ating at Kona Kai Sushi is an experience you will never forget...PROMISE!!Now this is what i call a Sashimi Moriawase for three..yelp.com/biz_photos/kona…Or how about the Three Wise Men with Uni,Ikura, and Mirugaiyelp.com/biz_photos/kona…How about some Hirame with a dollop of Ankimo or Monkfish Liver?yelp.com/biz_photos/kona…This Ankimo of Monkfish Liver from Boston just blew me away!!!yelp.com/biz_photos/kona…These guys are the reason why i love this place!!! Cheers to Steve,Chef James, and oops, i forgot the other guys name.....LOLyelp.com/biz_photos/kona…In ending, all i can say is that Kona Kai is my new go to place for great Sushi and Sashimi....Mahalo Chef James and staff for a great meal!!!!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,8/27/2013,231,559,14,22,19>Great expectationsReputable Yelpers have dined here, had cocktails here, maybe played a round of Pool or a game of darts.  Friday night..on my way home, I figure I'd give this place a try. It's 6:15 pm or so and it looked crowded but not really. Tables were open, seats at the bar was available, so we grab a seat at the bar.Order of chicken gizzards and Mac and cheese truffle balls ordered. Next question was what scotch sat in the well. Answer? No scotch in the well. What? No scotch in the well? Okay, I order a Heineken.Happy hour beer prices- miller light= $2.25, Heineken= $3.50 scotch and soda= $5.00 ( remember, these are happy hour prices....)While the fried texture of the Mac and cheese balls were good, it seemed as if they were pre fried and sat under some warmer because we got our order at room temperature. The chicken gizzards were diced into little pieces then breaded then deep fried, which is probably why the batter took center stage (more batter than gizzard).If I had to rate this place on food and drink, I'd probably give them 3 stars. Their cocktail servers earned them an additional star; but then, they are new... maybe in a little while, the bugs of a new operation will be worked out. That said, it will be a while but I may stop in again...
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,8/26/2013,450,125,10,21,15>THE NEXT NEW HOT SPOT?I definitely think this place will start popping.  It is like an upscale Café Duck Butt minus the watermelon soju.  The concept of the place is ideal, the rooms are hip, the food & drinks are delicious and THERE IS NO TIME LIMIT.So I have been here two weekends in a row for three occasions.  I love this place so much that I have been telling everyone and everyone on IG to go here.  I may even be going here for a third weekend in a row.  I was introduced to this place by my friend and it seems very low key.  It is never too packed and there have always been rooms open.  I have no clue why this place is not poppin'PARKINGYou can park in their private lot, make sure when you enter, you stop and tell the parking attendant you are going to Café Gangnam so you only get charged $1 to park the whole nightWHAT TO TRY??? (yelp.com/biz_photos/café…)You have to try their Apple Soju.  It is their most popular drink here and it tastes bomb.  Some people love it, and some don't.  But I love it.  It's a different flavor than I expected, but I barely taste the alcohol.Latte Soju:  This is one of my favorites.  I was in love with Café Duck Butt's latte soju, but this one tastes even better.  You can't taste the alcohol at all and you feel like you are drink one of those asain-canned-coffee drinks with a hint of chocolate.  It is the best I have ever had!CONCEPT:  FREE PRIVATE ROOMS, TELEPHONE PERSONAL SERVICE, PAY ONLY $1 per song.  I really love that you don't have to pay for a private room like every other karaoke room places.  If you don't sing, no charge.  I love that concept.  I also really love that you can pick up the phone to call in for service.  Most times the men of the place come by to personally take your order.ROOMSAs I mentioned above, the rooms are free to use, make sure you call for a reservation.  It normally isn't full, but I am not sure how popular this place will be getting soon.  The rooms are so hip (yelp.com/biz_photos/café…).  This gold seated room is ROOM 2 and fits 15 people.  They have a larger room for over 20 people with nice black seats.  I love that each room had a good mini-lighting system to make us feel like we in the club and we can all dance along to someone singing (yelp.com/biz_photos/café…).  The rooms here are spacious, clean, cool and modernized for a great night out. LOVE LOVE LOVEDRINKS & FOOD (yelp.com/biz_photos/café…)They do have a Happy Hour Menu from 5-8PM which are amazingly cheap!! Sadly I haven't been able to experience it yet.  I did mention above the sojus I recommend, but they also have a list of others including: melon, strawberry, yogurt, melon-strawberry and some others.  They do serve Hite and imported beers for all you beer lovers.  As for hards? $4 shots at the bar!!!! I was so shocked; we were taking shots of Crown all night!!!!  AMAZING DEALS for drinks in the city.  All of their Korean dishes are also really good.  I love their Fried Chicken.  I always order it when I come here and people always end up eating before I even get a piece.  I have tried their other stuff, but I'll probably update this review when I get a chance to eat here and not party too hard afterword so I can remember.Overall, I have a good feeling that this place will get really popular over the summer.  If it doesn't, then more karaoke for me.  I will do my best to bring them more business :)
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,8/24/2013,865,217,42,52,48>Yee Hong Pavilion recently became one of my favorite places for dim sum. I've been here on different occasions with my Chinese relatives and have also brought many of my local and out-of-town friends here to get their dim sum fix. Everyone always leaves happy and satisfied.HAINAN-STYLE/HAINANESE CHICKEN ($14.95 for 1/2 order, $9 for lunch set that comes with choy sum, soup and rice):This is one of the popular items that most diners come for.yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…DEEP-FRIED CRISPY GARLIC CHICKEN ($10.95 for 1/2 order):yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…Salty, crunchy garlicky goodness!The chicken was moist and juicy on the inside, fried to a crispy finish on the outside. The salty fried garlic chips (and some fried batter sprinkles) was a nice touch, giving the dish even more crunch and garlicky flavor.SALT & PEPPER PORK CHOPS ($9.50):yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…Generous portions of crispy porky goodness on a plate! The outside crust was seasoned (on some visits, I could really taste the 5-spice seasoning) & fried to perfection. The meat remained juicy and tender within the crispy, non-greasy crust. My only complaint was that the garlic-scallion topping wasn't fried crispy like most Chinese places that I've had salt & pepper chops at.BRAISED DUCK FEET ($10.95):yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…Duck feet, shitake mushrooms and cabbage are braised with dark soy, rice wine, garlic and ginger. The flavors of the braising liquid was wonderful and spot on, infused the shitake mushrooms and cabbage beautifully. But the duck feet could've been cooked longer because it wasn't as tender as I'd wanted it to be. ***FYI: duck feet isn't as meaty as chicken feet***There's a good variety of DIM SUM with prices ranging from $2.35 to $3.65.yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…What separates Yee Hong Pavilion from other dim sum places in Honolulu is their variety of TRIPE!! Hot damn!!They have all THREE TYPES OF TRIPE on their dim sum menu, while most places just serve the flavorless paper-thin white bible/leaf tripe.1) HONEYCOMB TRIPE ($2.95):yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…Thicker, meatier and more tender out of the bunch. This tripe is used a lot in local-style tripe stew. My favorite out of the 3 mentioned.2) BLANKET/FLAT TRIPE ($2.95):yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…It's smoother in texture than the honeycomb tripe. When cooked to the right doneness, it's similar to eating beef tongue or beef roast.3) BIBLE/BOOK/LEAF TRIPE ($2.95):The bland, paper-thin white tripe that most dim sum joints serve. You all know which one I'm talking about!STEAMED SEAFOOD ROLL ($2.95 for 2 pieces):yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…My least favorite since it was mostly filled with imitation crab and baby corn. There was a thin piece of white fish as well. I prefer the seafood roll at Happy Days because there's a whole shrimp, scallop, shitake and fish in theirs.SIU MAI/SHRIMP & PORK DUMPLINGS ($2.35 for 3 pieces):yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…It was a bit bland but meaty. Shoyu and chili sauce to the rescue!PORK SPARE RIBS IN BLACK BEAN SAUCE ($2.35):yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…Tender and meaty spare ribs, very generous portions. I've had this on a few occasions and each time we got chunks of pork and very little bones in our orders. Definitely worth trying. It might not be the best dim sum I've had, but I'm definitely a fan for having all 3 cuts of tripe on their menu.Oh what did you say? You wanna see it again? BAMM!! yelp.com/biz_photos/yee-…
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,8/23/2013,360,130,9,10,9>I hear whispers in the wis about this place. Many times I've searched for this enchanted place actually, because the street its on "Lau'ula" is one I frequent! Little did i know, There's more than one Lau'ula street in Waikiki!So I often go to a little karaoke bar called In Between, which is behind Prada. But the OTHER Lau'ula street runs behind Waikiki Shopping Plaza.I was hanging at Bacchus during the day and was hungry for a good plate lunch. With the closure of L&L on kuhio, i was out of luck. Time to resort to the Unicorn's magic mirror, aka Yelp, "Wheres the closest plate lunch of them all?" I ask it. It lets me know that Aloha Table is closest. Fuuck, I've never found this place. But I had time today, it was time to go on an adventure!After 10 minutes of searching the Lau'ula St that I'm familiar with, I give up and figure I could check whats still in the food court at Waikiki Shopping Plaza. Theeeeen I see it! Another Lau'ula street. Noooo waaay. I walk down, seeing some food carts then tucked behind them is Mediterranean style villa building. That is it! Thats aloha table!I walk up the stairway and am greeted by a very confused hostess, I guess I came at a very off hour. She was confused, was I tourist? (I get this a lot, I'm a local guy that loves bright color and aloha attire). I look at the lunch menu, and taking up the top quarter of the page is their Kobe Style Loco Moco. I have an aversion to high end meat turned into a hamburger, what a waste of precious delicious meat! But since they emphasized this item so much, I went with it.I gotta tell you, although I still think its a waste of good meat, it was pretty ono! Not for its meat quality, (which is indistunguishable in burger form) but its composition, spicing, and texture. The burger was smothered in a gravy that was a little reminiscent of curry. I was tempted to get a full order for 18 (!) dollars, but I'm glad I got the half order for $9.50. The half order was actually enough for me! Another quest successfully completed! The Unicorn's quest for hidden mythical food places continues!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,8/22/2013,185,168,6,13,13>Finding the right hairdresser is like finding your soulmate, so when you finally find "the one" you stick with 'em.  A couple of years ago my former hairdresser moved to the mainland and I spent over two years wandering around to different people and different salons, trying to find someone who understood me, my style, and what I wanted.  When I got engaged I was desperate to find a good hairdresser so that my hair would look good on my wedding day, so I did what every normal Yelper would... I read the reviews. ;D  Everyone seemed to comment about this one hairdresser named Alex, so I decided to give her a try.  After our first meeting I knew... she...was...the...ONE (cue jumping up and down and yelling huray)!!I have been seeing Alex for about a year and a half now and she is by far the best hairdresser I've ever seen.  She moved to Etch Salon and I, of course, followed.  What makes her so good?  She is very knowledgeable about hair and is passionate about doing things right, while making your hair stay healthy.  For example, when I first saw her (like I said, I was pretty desperate) my hair was a mess, all sorts of different colors from past dye jobs.  She, of course, fixed it, but when I asked for highlights she told me I had to wait because my hair was corse and it needed to get healthy first.She's also very meticulous in her work.  She will spend the time needed to make sure you come out of that chair looking fab-u-lous!  She's constantly measuring your hair strands on each side to make sure it's even.  I've never seen anyone do that before, but being someone who's who's had her hair cut with one strand longer than the other, I could appreciate this method that she uses.And then finally, I LOVE the EXTENSIONS that she uses on me.  I don't put extensions in my hair all the time since my hair is thin and she doesn't want my hair thinning out even more, but when I do, I get tons of positive comments.  This time around she tried a new type of extension.  She always intertwines my real hair with the extensions, crocheting it and then clipping them at various places on my head, but this time she used a long strand of hair and the extensions started from all the way at the bottom of my hair to the middle of my head (I've uploaded pics so you can see what I mean).  This allowed me to have even longer hair and because the extensions were all over you can't tell they're extensions, it just looks like I have layered locks.  Even my co-workers who know I'm wearing extensions (since my hair couldn't grow that long overnight. lol) commented how the extensions she used this time around was much more real looking.  And of course, I get to curl my hair and rock it like I'm Kim K. The extensions are light on your head, you can wash your hair and brush it without fear that the clips will fall off and as long as you take good care of it, it will last for a long time (you just need to go in to re-tighten it about once a month).I would recommend anyone to Alex, I even got my mother-in-law to start going to her.  I don't know if I want the word to get out about her, though... then that means I'll have to wait longer to get an appointment with her. ;)
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,8/21/2013,42,60,5,11,8>There must be a good reason why this taco truck/trailer has so many 5-star reviews... BECAUSE EVERYTHING HERE IS AWESOME.  When I say everything, I mean the food, service, and staff.  I can't count the number of times I have heard people say that good mexican food doesn't exist on Oahu... ask and you shall receive.  The tacos are LEGIT (verified by my Hispanic friends... yes, they lean like cholos) and the salsas are excellent.  If you're feeling really hungry then order a quesadilla... it's super filling.Daniel and Miguel started the business and are such great guys.  They have surrounded themselves with truly excellent staff and their commitment to providing quality, fresh food consistently shows everytime I eat here.We recently had them cater our Cinco de Mayo party of 70+ people and everything turned out perfectly.  The Taco Kabana truck was moved to our location, Daniel and Miguel set everything up so our guests would have fresh/hot food to order.  They made the tacos inside the party area right in front of the guests and Miguel cooked all the quesadillas in the Taco Kabana truck.  They really thought everything through to ensure that the food would be the freshest and taste the best--they even tried to minimize cooking inside the party so they wouldn't smoke out the party guests.Everyone at the party were so impressed by the food and how friendly/inviting the staff were when taking orders and serving the food.  Our party was a total hit and we owe a lot of that success to Taco Kabana.SIMPLY AMAZING
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,8/20/2013,196,182,12,16,18>Great crepes Ollie!  Read Chad Y's review last week and had to try this place.  Walked thru the food court before I stopped  and asked at the info counter and they pointed me out the door to the Cookie Corner which is exactly where Chad said it would be.  It is a little cart with a menu on one side and the cutest, sweetest girl on the other side.  She came around to our side and took our order then seemed to disappear.  Next we knew she was laughing and stuck her head  around the corner telling us we had to pay.  This little tiny place even take credit cards!  I ordered the Greek crepe and tried my darnedest to get honey bunny to order a sweet crepe but being the manly man he is he saw Le Bacon and that was all she wrote. It was interesting to watch the process, I have a crepe maker and always end up with giant pancakes!  My crepe was out of this world good!  Honey bunny scarfed his up without even offering me a taste so I took that as his affirmation on pretty darn good.  We actually took the plates into the food court and ate there.  We will be back!!As a side, we were at Ft Street Mall yesterday and saw a Le Crepe Cafe.  Asked our cart crepe cooker if the two were related.  Said they are, however the Ft Street location serves a more extensive menu but you do have to find and pay for parking.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,8/19/2013,58,80,15,16,15>As I'm driving to Waiahole, The Proclaimers' "500 miles" comes to mind."But I would walk 500 miles.And I would walk 500 more.Just to be the man who walked a thousand milesTo fall down at your door."Well, maybe not a thousand miles, and I certainly wouldn't walk it, but this intrepid voyager is willing to drive considerably out of his way for some fresh poi and good Hawaiian food.  Twenty point seven (20.7) miles to be exact.  That's "considerably" on Oahu.Had the laulau/kalua pig combo plate.  Comes with rice or poi, lomi salmon, and haupia for $10.50 +  tax.  Opted for poi.-Fair sized laulau with fair proportion of pork/pork fat/butter fish to luau leaves.-Fair portion of kalua pig but it was a bit dry.-Poi thick, sweet, and fresh.  But too little of it.  Maybe 4 oz. served in a small plastic Dixie cup.-Lomi salmon more a relish of tomatoes and green and white onions with just a few and small bits of salmon.-Small block of haupia sweet end note to a mostly satisfying meal.Not much different than what you get at the other places.Ahh.  But the luau leaves.  DIFFERENT.  Natural sweet, and fresh taste.  Really good.  I would drive 21 miles to taste that again, and buy extra laulau's ($5 per) to bring home.  I imagine the luau leaves are direct from the backyard of the place.  Just as the main ingredients in the chicken long rice walking around unsuspectingly.  Talk about locally-sourced, farm-to-fork food.  Nice.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,8/18/2013,676,463,10,14,14>I hardly go out these days but when I do, I find myself at Club Ke Kai.Back when I was a super FOB Chinese child, I would always go to Chinatown with my mom and that block on Hotel Street used to be so ghetto.  She would pull me far away from the doors of those bars so I've always associated bad things with it until about a year ago thanks to recommendations from an old coworker and Mr. Bartender at Bar 35.  I was instantly hooked.It's divey.  It's old school compared to all the newer swankier bars in Chinatown.  Ke Kai has a special "Cheers" charm to it that the other bars lack.  When it's full, the patrons will always try to make room for you.  Thanks patrons!  There is karaoke.  $1/song.  The song selection is a bit older but those make for the best sing-a-longs.  My friends always peruse the book but they never have the balls to sing.  Such a disappointment.  The owner is a classy lady!  She has an amazing voice so it's always a treat when she sings.Drinks are cheap.  Wells are $4 and my beloved large Kirin bottle is $5.  I come here just for the Kirin.  I'm not even gonna sugarcoat this aspect but it's a gay bar that's very straight friendly.  You wouldn't even notice because it's just so laid back and the crowd is diverse.  So, if you're ever wanna pre-game before hitting the nicer bars for First Fridays or just to get a casual drink, I highly recommend Club Ke Kai's.  Good times were always had...Trust.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,8/17/2013,231,162,6,10,8>HASR Bistro is a sweet spot for a solid four-star chill, sit-down lunch in Downtown/Chinatown Honolulu. The bf and I had a little weekday lunch date here, and we were pleasantly surprised with HASR Bisto's quaint and relaxed atmosphere and delightful menu.Escargot and Hamakua Mushrooms - Since everyone raves about this dish I was expecting something pretty damn awesome, but it was just okay and actually a little bland. I'm wondering if we just a weird batch or something, since it was just okay and forgettable, so much that I probably wouldn't order it again.Osso Bucco - Oh, I really enjoyed this dish! The braised veal cheeks were wonderful and went together perfectly with the Hamakua mushroom risotto, and the portion size was very generous- I was only able to finish half my dish, and I was stuffed. This dish would be crazy effin awesome if it came with the bone filled with gooey heavenly marrow.Organic Chicken Confit - Pretty good, but not nearly as cool as the Osso Bucco. The chicken was falling of the bone, but for some reason, it wasn't really juicy. It comes with very tasty chutney on stewed lentils, which was really the star of the dish, in my opinion. Still, it's a great dish overall.One appetizer with two entrees plus tip came out to about $60, which is kind of steep for lunch for little peons like me, but it's a great place for a nicer lunch in downtown. This place is definitely for upper management since they can afford it and they have the luxury of long, leisurely lunch hours. Service was great. As for parking...yeah, let's not talk about it.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,8/16/2013,483,289,9,17,15>I'm glad I had waited a while after they first opened to try them out.  Some of the earlier reviews on Yelp had me worried since a lot of them mentioned terrible service.  After the reviews started becoming more positive I felt like it was safe to check them out, and it sure was!  Of the four seafood boil places, Raging Crab, Kickin Kajun, Crab City and Karai Crab, I would have to rank Crab City my favorite overall so far.  Crab City is very conveniently (for me) located in Kaimuki, on Waialae and 9th (across from Town).  There are a bunch of parking spaces behind the restaurant (enter from 9th), and there's a lot of street parking possibly available along Waialae, and on the side streets.  I came here one night with Chris and Krystal L. and we were greeted promptly when we entered, and shown to our seats.  There were a bunch of empty tables, probably because we went in there after 8:00 pm, just after dinner peak time.  One of the things we noticed as we sat and looked over the menus was that this is a BYOB place.  Deals!  We ordered our food, and I ran over to Tamura's across the street to pick up some fancy beer.  By the time I got back our bags of seafoody goodness.The flavors of the sauces were delicious.  We had the lemon garlic butter, and the cajun sauces.  Each was perfect with the seafood, and eventually we tried to mix the two together, and that made them even better!  The downsides to this place are that they ration out your paper towels.  Unlike other places they don't leave the whole roll at your table.  They just leave a few of them with you, and you have to ask for more.  Like most other places everything is disposable.  paper table cover, plastic bags, paper towel, styrofoam cups, etc., so in the end it's a very un-green meal.  The last negative is that they only have one shared single bathroom.  Not so convenient when it's busy.  You'd have to wait for the bathroom to free up if you want to just wash the seafood juices off your hands.Can't wait to go back!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,8/15/2013,1750,731,8,28,15>If you love meat like I do, Heijouen is right up your alley.Price-wise, Heijouen is somewhere in between Gyukaku and Hiroshi. However, in terms of quality of meats, Heijouen has them both beat - hands down. On our first visit, my dining partner and I ordered: - Beef Fine Kalbi ($9.80) - Thick Cut Beef Excellent Tongue ($10.80) x2 - Beef Rib Fingermeat ($7.80) - Cube Cut Beef Tender Loin with Garlic Butter ($15.80) - Pork Ribs ($6.80) - Thick Cut Beef Ribs ($19.80) - Thick Cut Beef Tender Loin ($19.80) - Beef fine Outside Skirt ($9.80) - Shredded Meat Soup in Noodles (Yukkejan w/ Ramen) ($8.80) - Napa Cabbage Kimchi ($3.80)MEATY HIGHLIGHTSBeef Fine Kalbi - If you're a kalbi eater, I suggest this one. (If you're into the saucy Korean BBQ kinds of kalbi...this isn't it.) The sauce is light, so the flavors of the meat aren't lost.The Thick Cut Beef Excellent Tongue was perfect. If you love tongue, go with this one. I loved it. As you can see, we had 2 orders. I really wanted to try all the meats before doubling up on one type, but I just had to have more tongue. ;-P I had to order the Beef Rib Fingermeat because of the name. Fingermeat is actually NOT finger meat. It's the remaining intercostal meat once the ribs are removed. I loved the texture and firmness of the meat; it had a firmer chew to it without being (nasty) chewy. I really liked it!The Cube Cut Beef was excellent. Masa, the manager / owner, advised us to enjoy it more on the rarer side...which is what we did. It was absolutely amazing. I really enjoyed the natural flavors of the meat and the fact that it was sooooooooooo tender. This was definitely one of my favorites of the night.Thick Cut Beef Ribs and Thick Cut Tender Loin - Do it. There were both extremely tender and juicy. The meats were great by themselves, without any sauce. This is a real treat for those of you who appreciate true meaty flavors.TOPPINGSAdditional toppings / sauces are $2.80, but we were given 2 complimentary dipping sauces -- a soy based one and lemon juice. $2.80 Toppings: - Garlic Butter - Cheese Fondu - Grated radish and ponzu sauceVERDICTI've found my new yakiniku "niche" in Honolulu. Heijouen is remarkably Japanese with more than just hints of Korean mixed in. (Kind of like me! Hah.) I am such a fan of this place! The meats are excellent and the Korean-influenced dishes are a nice addition! :)I'll be back real soon.*BTW, they open at 5PM every day.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,8/14/2013,42,103,5,8,5>Finally had the chance to have dinner here and it was a great experience. It was only 6 and already it was a full house. We were lucky that one table was finishing up their dinner and didn't have to wait that long. I tried the Pad Thai and Green Curry and both were very flavorful. Rice for the curry was complementary which was awesome (not sure if this applies to sticky rice though)!For those not able to handle spicy, all of the spicy items are marked on the menu. Unfortunately, they state that they cannot make them unspicy; they are all regular levels of spicy. The regular level was pretty mild (at least for the green curry, not sure if this applies to other items). There was a very slight burn and I'm pretty sure anyone can handle that so no worries.Minus a star for being cash only and no parking lot. I read reviews you can park across the street at Bank of Hawaii for $1. But I think they recently renovated their parking lot as I could not see a pay box anymore. I guess it's street parking from now on if you're not brave enough to park at BOH.Tip: This place really is a hole-in-the-wall. It's a pretty small space. If you have a large party, be sure to make reservations!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,8/13/2013,101,131,6,9,7>We had a wonderful time at the Spalding House Cafe for our dear friend's bridal shower!  First of all, what a beautiful place.  I've always wanted to come here!  The views and greenery are just simply beautiful.  You can even get a picnic basket from the cafe and lounge on the lawn for a little picnic.For our party, a tent was set up.  Spalding House allowed us to decorate.  Gotta love the random killer panda artwork in the background.  We could even bring in our own Champagne.  There was a buffet style menu complete with salad, sandwiches, pita bread with hummus, turkey wrap, and brownies.  The food was delicious, filling, and healthy!  Iced Tea and water was served.  Our servers were super attentive.  I'm such a slow eater.  I was asked about 5 times if my plate was ready to be taken away.  LOL!  And the dear server with the super cute pink watch was such a good sport standing in the sun while taking a gazillion pictures of us girls.They even provided bug spray for us, too.  On the lawn in front of the cafe, they allowed us to play a super fun relay game.  All in all, we had a wonderful time.  It was like a private get away in the middle of urban Honolulu.  I am for sure coming back again with my husband for a little date!  Soooo romantic.  Hint to men out there...it's a super romantic place to propose to your special someone.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,8/12/2013,508,149,7,12,13>If I could rate 10 stars I would! If you're searching for a caterer in Hawaii stop right here! and look no further because Memoirs and Chef Peter's food creations and culinary skills are out of this world! It was my 50th birthday, and my husband wanted to throw the perfect party where I didn't have to cook and just have fun.I had interviewed  3-4 catering companies, and although they seemed reasonable, no one really "WOWed" me. Throwing all my parties, and cooking my own menus, my expectations were rather high.I decided to use Yelp and Memoirs Premier Catering  immediately came up. I checked out their website, and it looked amazing! Very easy...you pick from items  from their menu and how extensive your catering needs are , and it automatically sends you a quote. I did have several questions, and called them.Chef Peter actually called me back up, and personally helped design a menu for me and my 30 guests and included 2 wait staffs with the price. I went to meet him, which his office was easy to get to (right next to UFC Gym/ Kakaako area, and it ended up he knew my husband and some of my guests! He made me feel at ease, and that it was going to be a perfect dinner.I went with passed appetizers-- Vegetarian Samosas ( a must, 7 different spices with an Indian tasting flair)-Seared Scallops with a Ponzu Crust ( another must ... a delicate white meat from the sea with a citrusy crunch that tantalizes your tastebuds) My 2nd favorite!- Hamachi avocado Cevichi in Lumpia Cones ( Not only is this a yummy explosive bite, but is so visually beautiful... A Must!!)- Goat cheese filled Shrimp cakes ( Goat cheese AND Shrimp together, what more can a woman want?! *wink*)- Beef Tenderloin with Port Shallot butter ( Perfectly round mini tenderloins topped with a savory slice of melted butter, a rich morsel that melts in your mouth!) Hubby's pick, and he did good!- 3 Wisemen sliders on a Milk bun- I decided to go with the tri-meat  sliders , but kept drooling and debating over the Roasted Pork Belly w/ Hoisin sauce on a Bao bun and (Drumroll please) Chef Peter surprised me and brought me my Pork Belly!!!All I can say is WOW! He actually wowed me and my guests. Everyone Must,Must , Must order the Pork Belly "sliders", they are out of this world!To top off the tastebuds, he made a decadence dessert , Waialua Chocolate crunch-A small square of beautiful rich chocolate with a sprinkle of sea salt on the top. The combo of sweet and salty scrumciousness will seal the deal of the perfect catered party.Chef Peter and his Memoirs team exceeded all our expectations, his food is something that definitely needs to be on everyone's Bucket List.Peter , thank you for and Epic and unforgettable evening, and I know we will see you again at some of my friends parties and wedding!I hope this gets a ROTD, because Memoirs is the best business I have found on Yelp!TIP of the day-  Put them on your bucket list, I promise you, it will be worth it!- You must go with at least 2 wait servers. I had Gaby and Juro, who were amazing and made me feel like the Princess of the party.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,8/11/2013,239,386,11,9,10>I don't do country bars...But this one was fun!  My first thought was... "I feel so out of place!" cause a; I'm asian and b; I'm short...i looked around and saw...tall white guys! um...yeah...but after walking through the area and checking everything out, my friend introduced me to her friends (who were also short and asian) and it was a little better.  :)I love that there's a lot to do here than just stand and drink - you can dance on the dance floor, play pool/shuffleboard, giant jenga, sit at the bar, or take a spot at the long picnic table benches and just hang out.  Kate's the new DJ and she takes requests (although I didn't request anything)I did learn the bar serves only American brewed beverages - that includes hards.  Nice shout out to America!  :)  It's also super conveniently located in Aiea on Kamehameha hwy so you don't have to drive out to town to enjoy a nice, american country bar.  Although, I don't think I'd necessarily come here on my own since this isn't my music scene but with the right friends and right attitude, it's fabulous!!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,8/10/2013,651,637,7,38,24>Pressed for time but want to squeeze in a quick hike, trail run or walk? This place is for you!  It's a hop and a skip from anywhere in town.  Just head up Makiki Street, veer to the left at the pumping station, and you'll come upon the parking area.  After a short 5 minute walk up the road,  you'll arrive at the start.  This trail is clearly delineated and maintained very well.  It's great for non-hikers and novices.  You won't get the killer views that you can get on other hikes, but you'll get to see a lot of foliage, native hawaiian plants, etc.  One of the nice things about all the foliage and trees is that it creates a lot of shade.  And if it starts to rain, don't worry because the trees will afford some protection - just take cover under one of these: yelp.com/biz_photos/maki…At the base of the trail, there are bathrooms and a water station for rinsing off your shoes before/after the hike.  The shortest trail is 2.5 miles.  You have the option of veering onto other side trails if you want a longer hike. This trail is pet, kid, and elderly friendly!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,8/9/2013,1537,93,14,35,20>Patty's Closet just opened not too long ago in the Town Center of Mililani.  Whenever I am at the Town Center and am in need of clothes, I usually go to Jeans Warehouse, because it's inexpensive.  I was a little hesitant walking in to Patty's Closet, because I didn't know what to expect.  I didn't want to walk in and like something and then pay a ridiculous amount of money for it.  I was pleasantly surprised, however, that the prices were very reasonable and how the styles were trendy and cute.I've been here several times already.  My first visit, I guess I spoke with the manager.  She was so friendly and helpful.  She explained the concept of the store to me.  She basically said that they order a style and only get 2 of each size (2 smalls, 2 mediums, and 2 larges).  Once they run out, they will not reorder.  She said they order new items every week.  I totally love that idea, because you'll only see 5 other people on the island wearing your dress.  (Hahaha!)  I notice that I've been going there once a week to browse around and see if there's anything new that I like...and there usually is.I love their dresses.  I've already bought two from there.  Prices are reasonable.  I think I paid about $25 each dress, and they are good quality dresses.  They don't feel cheap at all.  I love most of the styles they have.  There are outfits there that I can't help but think my old aunts "who dress too sexy for their age" would wear, but, otherwise, I really like most of what they have in there.  They also sell accessories like earrings, necklaces, and bracelets.  I swear I saw purses and shoes in there, too.  When I bought my dresses, I got a 20% discount on one or both dresses.  I can't remember for sure which.  Sign up for their mobile messaging.  It will notify you of sales and discounts the store is offering.  Check out this new store when you're in the area.  The clothing is fashionable and affordable.  I really think you'll be pleasantly surprised and will walk out with something you'll love.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,8/8/2013,308,104,10,17,12>Mcdouble, any size drinks, mchicken at McDonald's or 2 tacos at Jack In The Box: what do they have in common? They're the 99cents specials that these fast food restaurants use to attract you. However, instead of going for just 2 tacos, you end up adding a large curly fries, large drink and an overload chocolate cake. Your bill is now $8! As a mother of 5 kids with a busy schedule, the 99 cents signs always attract me for a quick dinner picker upper. My kids are probably a part of the few that's sick of McDonald's. "McDoubles again mommy?!" So you can see how excited I was when I saw the 99cents sign at Harry's Cafe. We arrived around 1000am. And as i approached the "99 cents" sign that was posted on the window, it said it was only valid until 8am. Oh well, we were already here so might as well stay. EspecialIy since I only had the TWO younger kids with me! Ha!I pictured a small mom and pop restaurant; maybe 1 or 2 tables and a small counter. To my surprise, there were about 9 tables and a long counter with barstools enough to seat about a total of 45 people. I was very amazed at how clean and spacious this restaurant was. Of course, I ended up getting the popular corn beef loco moco. The CBHash was just how I like it; Crispy, tasty, more corn beef than potato, the eggs that topped it was cooked over medium perfectly and the gravy was a smothering sodium goodness over a huge bed of rice. Didn't really care for the mac salad and wish the cornbeef hash was bigger. But it was still very good!My two children shared the 333 special which consisted of 3 large pancakes, 3 eggs, 3 bacon (substituted for Portuguese sausage). They couldn't finish it so I took a bite of the pancake and it wasn't moist but it tasted yummy. Just gotta add more butter and syrup. Hubby ate all his French toast so I couldn't steal a bite. Ha!Service was exceptional. Christy and the crew were friendly, efficient, and even made conversation with my 6yr old daughter. She even explained to us what the "Lucky 7" machine was. Yes they have a Lucky 7 machine and mega touch. A guy won $12 from Lucky 7 while we were there. But if your luck is not as great as his, there's an ATM machine next to the Lucky 7 that you can use; jus yell, "I WON!" when the money is being dispensed! Ha!Will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu (especially the Tripe Stew) ;) The 99 cents sign brought us here at first, but the food & service is what will bring us back.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,8/7/2013,410,147,9,18,12>I DID IT! I finally popped my Kickin Kajun cherry! While I was abroad all these creole/cajun seafood joints opened up and when I came back I was eager to try it!Originally, after reading some reviews, I was a little turned off by the way you eat here. But after eating here, there's no better way to eat! Line the table with paper, have a spool of paper towels ready, and tie on that plastic bib! Don't worry about how you look, everyone's doing it! The best thing is that you need no food etiquette here, hands are your utensils and you're ready to go. The messier the better! Just make sure when you're pulling the head off those crawfish, you don't squirt your neighbor!For dinner I shared a Combo #2 ($50) yelp.com/user_local_phot…and the fried oysters and fries ($11) yelp.com/user_local_phot… The combo #2 came with 1/2 a pound of clams, shrimp, crawfish, and an entire lobster! It also came with corn, two sausages, and a potato. This was actually my first time eating crawfish as well...and I love it!! I learned by watching the other tables and it was amazing! Breaking the head back, sucking the "magic" juice inside the head, and eating the tail meat. Oh baby! I think I found a love for this newly tried crustacean! It was quite expensive but sooo worth it! It was amazing how they cook everything in a plastic bag! Louisiana style + garlic butter at medium spice level was my choice of poison for the night and all the juices and flavors burst and blended so spectacularly!  What docked a star wasn't the parking or the wait. I know this place doesn't have the best parking and the wait can be long, but what killed it for me was that they didn't have any cracking utensils! The lobster wasn't cut at all, but luckily I asked the guy at the counter and he gave me a scissor to use. If Kickin Kajun ever gets the proper crustacean cracking utensils then it would definitely be 5 to me!Oh and FYI, its no longer BYOB. Oh and happy hour from 2-5, so 15% off your entire bill!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,8/6/2013,149,107,11,18,18>Sushi two?  Sushi e-e? Sushi EE?  How do I pronounce the name of this place??? Well, it doesn't matter, just go there, it is GOOD!Let me be honest, I don't eat seafood.... but hubby and one daughter loves seafood so we look for places that have good sushi and something for the the rest of us to eat.  Well, this place is a keeper as everyone left happy!  This is a cute little place with cool orange walls.   My youngest is a budding artist and couldn't stop looking at the art on the walls.  The highlight for the artist/seafood loving daughter was her pre-ordered Hamachi Kama that was looked almost as big as her head.  I can only imagine the monster fish that it came off of.  It was perfectly cooked and she was in Hamachi heaven.  It should be noted that the Hamachi Kama and the Toro Kama are in limited supply and takes 30 minutes to cook.  You should make reservations and pre-order it so it is ready shortly after you arrive.  Hubby was enjoying his raw oysters dish that had three different kinds of oysters.  It was all super fresh and perfect.  He liked the shrimp pouch which is basically a fancy fried shrimp won ton as well has his miso butterfish.  He said that the butterfish was "pretty good!"I ate the portobello salad which was very delicious, the chicken karaage which was moist and tasty, and the three mushroom medley.  I love mushrooms, so the mushrooms were my favorite! My daughter had the prime rib kabobs and little miss carnivore was very, very happy!  I must say that the service was excellent!  Everything came out of the kitchen hot and fresh.  The waitresses and sushi chefs were very cheerful, friendly and welcoming.    We've found a new place to eat that all members of our family can eat to their hearts' content.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,8/5/2013,132,164,6,11,8>My cousin was visiting from the Mainland and wanted to see our Kaneohe family, so they made our dinner reservation at Pah Ke's.  I have to admit that even after reading some of the reviews I was a bit skeptical, but wow.....I can't belive I haven't been here before!One of the uncles is a regular here and he took charge of the ordering. Course after course arrived at our table of 12:Chinese chicken saladFried rice with shrimp & char siuRoast duck w/bunsCrispy chickenChicken cake noodle Broccoli with mushroom, carrot & water chestnuts Honey walnut shrimp Sweet and sour fishEverything was SO GOOD - perfectly cooked and tasty, yet not too salty (a downfall of a lot of Chinese restaurants). We all ate wayyy more than we intended to and by the end we were nearly bursting at the seams. Then dessert came.....and it was even better than the meal! We had a dessert sampler: soy milk custard with fresh fruits and mango sorbet, crepe with bananas and vanilla ice cream, haupia cake, flourless chocolate cake with gold flakes on top, and pumpkin cheesecake.yelp.com/biz_photos/pah-…Three words: TO DIE FOR (and this is coming from a person who normally likes to save calories for real food). My favorites were the soy milk custard and the pumpkin cheesecake. Mmmmmmmm..... Another surprise - the service was excellent! The waitresses hand served everyone the first portions of each dish, consolidated things when the table got too cluttered (there was so much food!), and kept our teas and waters filled. Raymond also came around every so often to make sure everything was okay. I probably gained at least a few pounds from this meal, but I don't care! If I had more stomach space, I would have gladly kept eating and eating.Even though I hardly ever go to Kaneohe (or eat Chinese food), I can foresee special trips out there just to eat at Pah Ke's again!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,8/4/2013,157,226,5,21,9>AYCE Yakiniku in Salt Lake? YUP! It's like a restaurant god is blessing me with good eats in my neighborhood! Seriously, I would have never imagined a Yakiniku Camellia in my hood. Plus, the inside is entirely new therefore it is super clean!I first visited for lunch ($14.95!!!!!) around Christmas time with a friend. When I entered, the owner was a little busy making some gift certificates for another customer but asked nicely for me to wait. I continued to wait for a little while longer and he acknowledge it and apologized again. We were seated in five minutes or so. Know that I have a peeve about places that make you wait yet don't check and acknowledge customers so this was a big plus for me. I also ate with a large party and overall the service was good. For example, the grill was changed often, our water was refilled, the waiter was cool, and our plates were cleared regularly.Once your seated there is not much waiting because it is a buffet. I immediately did a quick recon mission then went straight for the meats. The meats were fresh, moist and yummy! I made delicious miso paste Korean lettuce wraps with the spicy pork and bulgogi. I also ate a lot of kalbi it was good! Normally I don't eat chicken at yakiniku but I tried it and it was marinated well and tasted good. The banchan selection was good. My faves in general are the daikon, seaweed, and cucumber kimchee and they all were flavored right! The precooked chicken, mandoo, fish jun, and noodles were "meh". If you eat these items I would suggest you douse them with sauce!Tips:Drinks are bottomless so drink upFind coupon in Dining Out
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,8/3/2013,133,111,5,8,7>Sasabune is a great place for the sushi fetishist--you know, the kind of guys that watch "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" over and over again?  Admittedly I am one of those guys (or gal in my case).  I really liked the omakase menu I had, but for the price and the hype I was a tad disappointed (hence the four stars vs. five).But let's get the nitty gritty details out of the way first...  Sushi Sasabune is located near the corner of King and Keeaumoku.  There are two entrances to the smallish parking lot.  If you blink, you'll miss the one off King.  It's after the Sasabune store front.  They do take credit card and you will need reservations, which are easy to get over Open Table.I made reservations for four and received a call to confirm and to ask if the sushi bar was okay.  You bet it was!  I was super excited and arrived before the restaurant even opened at 5:30 p.m.  Unfortunately my guests weren't as timely and we had to wait 15 minutes for our entire party to be seated.Once seated we got the scoops on the dining etiquette, you guys have all heard the drill before (no shoyu, eat in one bite, etc.) so I'm not going to repeat it again.  We also ordered a bottle of Kubota Manju for I think $90 (which is a crazy markup) and later a cheaper sake.The omakase was pretty special.  Strangely, I think I enjoyed the maguro and unagi/tamagoyaki the most.  But the neta quality dropped as the evening went on and they pretty much ignored/forgot about my cousin telling them she was allergic to shrimp.  Overall, I was pleased, but not $600 pleased (which was my total bill for four, not including tip).
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,8/2/2013,191,170,8,9,9>Holy hand grenades Batman!  Tonkatsu Ginza Bairin is amazing!  If you've been living under a rock, this is the famous (or infamous) Kurobuta Pork aka Heritage Berkshire Pork katsu spot.  Now don't be scurred.  You may have heard that this spot has $36.00 katsu.  IT'S TRUE.  But you don't have to give up an arm and a leg to live it up.  Time to do it to it!From the outside, the venue doesn't look like much.  Pretty non-descript entry way with a copy of the menu and a mock up of the days special.  Trust me, don't judge this book by it's cover.  When you walk in you're instantly transported to a cool, chic, modern Japanese eatery.  The venue itself is pretty small. Counter seating with 4 top tables - 10 at best.  You're greeted instantly with the customary "Irashaimase!!!".  The GM and the chefs are legit NIHONJIN.  Always a good sign when they are from the mother land.The food...  Oh the food.  Throw diet.com out the window!  Why can't fried food be good for you?  I need science to get on the bandwagon and finally realize that fried food is amzing for your heart and lifestyle.  Obviously you gotta have the katsu.  But they got fried katsu style stuff on lock.  My suggestion - go at lunch time.  They have this killer lunch special!!! $13.00 for the set.  On the day we went it included tonkatsu, tiger shrimp, and katsu eggplant.  Let me tell you - this is the DEALS.  A side order of the shrimp ITSELF is $8.00!!!!!  An order of the katsu (standard not the Cadillac) is around $15.00 (for the set).  I don't know how they put the lunch set together (cost wise) but it's the steal of the day.  Go early for this as they only have a limited number of them daily.  Selection changes.  On top of that value, they have a lunch time punch card.  Purchase 9 meals and get $15.00 credit toward your next tab - can you say F-R-E-E Lunch?  I can, it's Tonkatsu Bairin Lunch special!  $15.00 make me holla!!!!  The shrimp was ridiculous!  Like it was the size of a lobster.  Or better yet, franken shrimp from the Ala Wai.  But I digress.  The katsu was good.  Sadly, none of us ordered the Cadillac.  I ordered the Wafu style.  They did it right and served sauce on the side.  All the sets come with rice and cabbage salad and tsukemono and miso soup.  We also ordered the cream croquette - that was dope.  3 pieces @ $9.00 served with small cabbage salad and spaghetti noodles served mac/potato salad style.  If you're wondering, it's customary to have the cabbage with fried food.  It's an Asian thing.  Don't knock it till you try it.  Sweet endings here are pretty simple.  Bubbies Ice Cream - vanilla, green tea, or azuki.  Coffee Jelly (my personal fave).  So after all the raving, why the 4 of 5?  1) Parking: Where do you park here?  I work in the uhrea so it's EZ.  But if I drove here.....  2) My katsu believe it or not was a little dry.  Like over.  I'm okay with a middle temp on pork.  Only needs to be up to 137 degrees to kill what needs to be dead.  Granted my cutlet was thick.  Like porkchop thick.  Other than these items, Bairin gets my solid vote of confidence.  So go.  Run.  Don't walk.  But don't eat all of the lunch sets before I get there.  KTHXBAI!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,8/1/2013,419,110,11,10,10>"Radiant, it's right below Ryan's at Ward." "What!? I still don't know where I am!""By the Genki Sushi and go a bit east and enter the automatic sliding doors...""I just went up an escalator...""NO! Go back down!""WHERE am I supposed to go!?!""It's by where Borders used to be....""OH! GOT IT! Okay, I'll be over in like a minute."After my first initiation and getting lost like Hansel & Gretel, I now come back to Goma Tei on a regular basis. They are very structured and although there may be a line at times, the workers at Goma Tei try their best to get to every customer.Now, I don't even have to tell you the ramen is good, and if you DON'T know what I am talking about, I highly recommend you treat your stomach to Goma Tei at Ward. I am actually just so bummed that the ramen stuffs me up so much that I can't order a side of gyoza or something. But, I still do and just keep piling my stomach until I turn purple.You are assisted with the restaurant essentials at a timely manner and you don't even have to wait for your order of tan tan ramen (maybe with char siu) or one of the curries or even your cold noodles salad for long at all.The restaurant has three or four tables at hip level with four chairs around each table, where I prefer to sit. There is also a bar-like setting with tall bar seats that can accommodate a good amount of people. I would say twenty, or maybe I'm underestimating the space, which I don't mind but my height is a disadvantage where I struggle with sitting and standing with those chairs. However, you need to be okay with sitting in close proximity to the stranger next to you. But, hey! Possible new ramen buddy??? MAYBE!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,7/31/2013,529,212,9,18,16>A pretty efficient operation they have here.I came here for the first time this past Saturday.  I started in line outside of the establishment but was quickly allowed in by the security guard (we think he was just a regular guy from the back that donned a security shirt and comes out only when it gets busy? LoL).  If you drive by and see a line outside, do not be discouraged.  Inside, the line wrapped around and I was about 20 people deep, but the line moves quick...Tanioka's services it's customers like an assembly line.  At least 7 staffers behind the counter, they start taking your order at the poke window.  Put your order in and walk your way down to the cashier.  On the way, you past two windows with assorted goods that you can order ala carte okazuya-style: various musubis, crab cakes, mochiko chicken, tempura, etc.  I opted for a 2 choice poke bowl: spicy ahi & crunchy garlic poke.  Their poke was very good--fresh pieces of excellent cuts of fish.  But the poke bowl as a whole--sushi rice, nori bits, poke, and the presentation all worked for me.  I was also with a good sized group that all enjoyed their orders.  When the group is overly enthusiastic, you get caught up in the fervor and it adds to your overall experience too.In addition, I got some of their mochiko chicken.  Good, thick pieces of chicken--not sliced thin like Zippy's katsu.  The skin was overcooked and rubbery/chewy; not a big deal as I don't eat chicken skin.  Me and my group began devouring our food out in front.  An elderly gentlemen came by and chatted with us.  He quickly returned and brought each of us bottles of water.  A very kind gesture!A great overall experience here and I look forward to my return visit!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,7/30/2013,411,273,7,9,8>MUST-HAVESBaked chicken with gravy & oxtail lau lau (only served on Fridays).  I get da baked chicken w/choke gravy & den spread da buggah all ovah my rice & mac salad.  Yah, major fatty status, but so worth it!  Oxtail lau lau is slow-cooked & served w/delectable, moist pieces of meat falling off da bone ... pieces of fat added to enhance da flavor (no gag 'cuz it's done w/all good lau lau) ... da pieces of meat are BIG, too!  LOCAL PLATE LUNCH W/GOURMET TENDENCIESNorman is getting his formula  down!  Unlike some other major competitors in town who offer "gourmet local-style plate lunches" who charge higher prices & Chang out on portions, dis guy delivers!  Regular plates are under $10, minis run about $7 or less, and portions are great.DAILY SPECIALS POSTED ON FACEBOOKfacebook.com/anykine.gri…HE CATERS, TOO!  My fiance & I have been hea enough times & love dis place enough dat we're in da process of seeing if we can have him cater our wedding reception in July.ACCEPT CASH & MAJOR CREDIT CARDSOn-site ATM located inside if you need cash.UPSTAIRS & DOWNSTAIRS DINING AREAS: Downstairs usually gets packed, especially during lunch hours, so you have another option.PHONE ORDERS ACCEPTED, TOO!  If you know you're running around & won't be dea fo' a while, call your order ahead! Especially if you like get sumting popular dat runs out fast (cough, oxtail lau lau, cough).REVIEW #229
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,7/29/2013,27,61,5,9,7>Sugarlina Bakeshop is located in the Pearl Kai Shopping Center and is, to put it simply, really cute. I could totally see it in the Marais district of Paris. The space is light and airy with just a handful of tables and chairs. We were greeted by two friendly cashiers who offered us FREE samples of their banana pudding. Who can resist something like that?After much deliberation, I decided to order a s'mores cupcake and a crème brûlée macaron. The s'mores cupcake, with its mountain of toasted marshmallow, was moist, chocolaty, and just the right amount of sweet. The crème brûlée macaron. Oh man. It's a definite must-try. If you need something to wash down all that sugary goodness, they offer complimentary lemon water.Sugarlina Bakeshop rotates its flavors on a daily basis. When you go, I suggest you bring along a friend or two so that you can share and try out several different flavors at once. The prices for the cupcakes are very typical of what you see in cupcake shops these days, $2.95 for one. The macarons are $1.85 a piece but I think they're totally worth it. You get so much flavor packed into every single bite.So if you're in the Pearl Kai area and your sweet tooth is just begging to be satisfied, head on over to Sugarlina Bakeshop. And if you decide that you want to get me a cupcake or macaron while you're there, I will happily accept it.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,7/28/2013,98,82,5,9,5>There's magic a-brewing on Ala Wai Blvd. Although this place was recommended to me ages ago by Emi H., I just never seemed to make it that far down the street. Since I work in Waikiki, I try my hardest to stay away from W-Town, but as Creme Pot was on my MUST TRY list, I figured it would be worth it to venture into the no-go zone for just a little bit. As soon as you spot this place on the corner, it just screams cuteness. Handmade signs, floral archways, and other small knick-knacks litter the place making you feel right at home. Definitely goes against the grain compared to other Waikiki fare. My wife ordered the strawberry soufflé pancakes and I got the burgundy beef omelette, since we wanted to tickle our palette with a sweet dish and a hearty one. Screw hot dog eating contests. Instead, there should be a soufflé pancake eating contest, as we would totally take first place. These pancakes were unlike anything I've ever had before and I could not stop eating. It's how I would imagine if eating a cloud. So soft and light, but incredible delicious. Although we got strawberries, they offer lots of other toppings, but it doesn't matter what you decide on because your can't go wrong. The burgundy beef omelette was also incredible. I'm not sure what the rice was seasoned with, but it wasn't overwhelming and was cooked perfectly. The omelette itself was, like the pancake, light and fluffy and a bit runny in some places, but that's how I like it. In between the rice and the egg, to my surprise, was a creamy layer of cheese which created a marvelous flavor explosion. The burgundy beef sauce tied everything together and like a well orchestrated performance left me yelling, ENCORE ENCORE!! My only (burgundy) beef with the place is the price. The product they're selling is definite quality, but at an average of $14-16/plate, it's on the higher end for breakfast. Even their blended coffee is at a "premium" price, but only comes with one refill. Oh, you got Kona coffee? Sorry, no refills included. They were also served lukewarm, which also was a bit of a disappointmment, considering how great the rest of the meal was. Overall, it's not a perfect performance, but definitely made for a memorable breakfast. Flaws aside, this place is not to be overlooked.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,7/27/2013,175,110,4,8,4>Ahoy foodies - Peter Merriman has anchored on Oahu! First Waimea, then Kapalua and Poipu - and now finally here with Monkeypod Kitchen in Ko Olina. I've been a big fan of Chef Peter since 2004 when he took a few of us on one of the first farm to food tours. That is when I learned that freshness is the umame-squared for scrumptious food.Hubby and I were invited to MP's soft opening on Friday. It was a benefit for AUW and the place was packed. The restaurant boasts a big lounge bar downstairs with patio seating and live local music. Very authentic local feel. A quick elevator ride up and you are transported to the main dining room. It's built like a large square donut overlooking the lounge below. Same tasteful tropic-feel but removed from the raucousness of the bar scene below.Since it was a benefit we didn't order off the menu (see menu photos taken that night). Delicious farm fresh skewers of roasted Brussels sprouts, macadamia crusted mahi mahi, burger sliders made from Big Island happy cows, ramen, and so much more. Chef Peter remains true to his commitment to fresh local ingredients. He has formed a partnership with Ma'o Farms and supports educational initiatives that help neighboring communities. I also learned that Chef Peter tried living vegan last year. He went back to a regular diet at Christmas - couldn't make it without prime rib for the holiday :) - and discovered that cooking delicious food vegan-style can be challenging.Stop by Monkeypod next time you're on the West side. You won't be disappointed.Service - 5 starsAmbiance -5 starsFood - 5 starsDrinks - 5 starsSunset view - 5 starsOverall rating - 5 stars
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,7/26/2013,78,277,1,24,6>After weeks of researching and deliberating and poring over Filipino beauty blog posts (apparently, girls in the Philippines love them some digital perms), I finally bit the bullet and came in to see Mei Huang for a digital perm.  I have stick-straight, "virgin" hair, and have never done any chemical treatments on it, so I was scared sh*tless.  Before we started, I grilled Mei with questions about whether I was a good candidate - was my hair too fine, too long?  How many months would it hold?  What kind of curl shape could I expect given my hair type?  Would it be damaging?  I also made it clear that I did not want to trim too much length or thin out my hair at all, since I had read horror stories about stylists going overboard with the thinning scissors.  Mei was very patient and honest, and made sure not to over-promise any results, since my hair is waist-length at the longest and finer than the typical Asian hair digital perms were developed for.  She explained that because my hair was so healthy and straight, to get the type of curls you see in ViVi, I would have to come in again after about 4-6 months to redo the process, assuming my hair "took" to it the first time, and said that she would be able to tell once we finished.  She also explained what the optimal amount to trim was, and what kind of layers she would trim my hair into before the perm to make sure it looked good when wavy.The whole process took a little under 3 hours.  The salon is intimate and clean, and the shampoo at the beginning was very relaxing and gentle, and made me a little less scared about "going under the bottle" for the first time.  Mei was extremely sweet throughout the whole process. She had told me when I made the appointment to bring something to do, so I came prepared with my law textbook and notebook.  She offered me water and candy, and was even nice enough to give me a lap pillow to make it easier to prop the book up while I was reading in the chair!  She also didn't judge me as I sat there reading my giant book and stuffing my face with a manapua from Chun Wah Kam, which I had bought because I came straight from class and was starving.  I liked that Mei was easygoing and never too chatty, and just let me do my own thing during the "waiting" stages of the process. The first solution smelled bad and was very strong, but the frequent blasts of air conditioning helped to neutralize it.  I won't bore you with the details of the process, but it was comfortable and efficient.  The digital perm was $220 ($230.37 after tax), which I was happy about because I thought she might charge me more than the base price of $220 since my hair is so long.After rinsing the final solution out and conditioning, Mei styled my hair by blow drying and twisting sections of my hair and finishing with Moroccanoil texture spray (it took her about 10 minutes).  She said that my hair had taken the curl better than she expected, and explained how to style it depending on what kind of wave/curl I wanted.  I loved how my hair looked when I walked out of the salon - loose, spirally curls with lots of body -  but I knew that it was not realistic to think that it would look like that for 6 months, especially because I'm usually ultra low maintenance about my hair and barely ever blow dry my hair, let alone spend time styling it every day.  I refrained from washing my hair for 2 full days (even though she said I could wash after 24 hours) because I was paranoid.  It has been about a week, and I'm still happy with the results so far.  I love that when I wake up in the morning after air drying overnight, it is wavy and doesn't just lay flat.  My main purpose for getting the digital perm was so that my hair wouldn't be so flat and lifeless at the end of the day.  If I put it up in a bun in the morning and take it out an hour later, it forms tighter waves that stay for hours.  It's definitely not perfect spiral curls - to get those I would have to blow dry and style with some product or use rollers (which is what I usually did before), but I can tell that the texture of my hair has changed so that when I do use rollers or a curling iron, the styling will stay much longer without having to use tons of product.  It is a little frizzier than I'm used to sometimes, but I'm used to having super soft, stick-straight, limp hair, so I'm happy with the extra volume and messiness.  The ends felt a little dry and damaged for the first few days, so I made sure to switch to a better shampoo (I ditched the Pantene) and followed up with my favorite Kiehl's Olive Fruit Oil Mask, which I kept on for 10 minutes before rinsing out, and the softness returned.  I will report back in a few months when I see how long it lasts...
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,7/25/2013,221,283,13,13,13>Let's play some trivia. Which of the following is true?A) Monique cut my hair, hours later my boyfriend of 8 years proposes.B) Monique cut several inches off my hair, and yet somehow made it look longer.C) Monique is so fast and efficient the cut itself took less than 30 minutes.TRICK QUESTION! IT'S ALL TRUE!!Monique is magic. She has magic powers. I've never had a hair cut I was gaga for in my life until Monique. I've tried high end places in different states and countries, I've tried slumming it (and I have to give big kudos to the super cuts in Kamehameha Shopping Center cause they are preeeetty good), but no one has ever come close to Monique. She sees what you want, she tells you what's going to be best and she makes it happen.I went to Monique and told her to do almost whatever, I just wanted to keep it long because I've been working on it for years. I also told her I had a problem with the back of my head looking flat just from how heavy my hair was.In about 45 minutes she shampooed, deep conditioned, clarified, cut it and styled my hair. Not only that, but after cutting off my dried out ends my hair looked even longer thanks to how healthy she made it and how she styled it. I LOVE it. And I know my boyfriend loved it too because he proposed just a few hours later. THANKS MONIQUE!By the way, I'd like to restate that the actual cut itself took less than 30 minutes because she is SO good she doesn't need to go back and do areas over and over. She is knowledgeable, precise and awesome. I only wish I were higher maintenance (I'm veeeery low maintenance- we're talking washing hair and finger combing here) so I could rock the full glory of this cut. Maybe one day I'll take the time to do justice to her awesome work.P.S. if she tells you which products to use, just buy it. "Monique knows best".
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,7/24/2013,229,369,6,10,10>OMG this place is the shizzznitttssss!!! Literally EVERYTHING on the menu is $3.90. And everything I had was sooo ono! My faves were the tsukune-tare, momo glad-yaki,  and mune glad-yaki. I even enjoyed the heart-shio, and I generally don't like to eat that funky stuff. I also loved the yaki-onigiri, which does take a little longer to cook so make sure you order it early. The rice-ball thing reminded me of how my mom used to cook rice in a pan when I was little, and we used to love eating the burnt parts, cuz that was the best part!My bf and I ordered what felt like a ton of dishes, and 3 drinks total between the two of us, and the total was about $40. Super great deal for the amount of food we had plus drinks. The service was also good, and I'd highly recommend this place to anyone visiting the island or anyone who wants good, reasonably-priced food! BTW, i love the owner's story on the back of the menu, about how he overcame cancer and underwent 3 surgeries for it. I'm glad he's been able to live this long and fulfill his dream of opening up a Yakitori restaurant in Hawaii! Truly an inspirational story!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,7/23/2013,299,171,25,23,21>*Please welcome Morgan Freeman, who will be reading this review in you head*There was a time when the lands were ruled by a mighty Burrito.  It was a time of peace, when joy filled the households of Kaimuki, and the surrounding kingdoms.  This Burrito stood out among the rest.  It's stature was that of a Greek god.  It's courage was matched only by the legends of old.  It's taste was said to "turn the happy people to stone" Loosely translated from the ancient texts.  The literal translation is, "the people of stoned nature, turned very, very happy."  Whatever that would mean.Will Verde take on this responsibility, and bring the mighty Burrito to the people, once more?Verily, I say, they shall.  Thank you, Mr. Freeman. *clapping*Few things on the menu have changed, from the BC Burrito days, mostly just additions which I haven't tried yet.  Not much seems to have changed in their preparations and recipes.  I've gone three times in the past few months, and I have been very satisfied.  Breakfast burrito is a big win, and now it's served all day!  I might actually pass up an Egg McMuffin for this if I'm seeking a hangover cure.  They've got those same addicting, pixie dusted, fried potatoes.  Make sure they dust those pomme frites, baby!  Last time I went they forgot to, my burrito was a little bland, I think someone new was working.  Of course, don't call it pixie dust, or pomme frites.BC did well with keeping the place clean, but now the restaurant feels all shiny and new, very nice.Parking is around back in the metered lot which is monitored 24/7 so pay up.  Or there's street parking.  Hours are back to normal, but I wish they'd stay open till 9pm or maybe later on weekends.  Something like that.Prices are still reasonable and the burritos are hefty!  Service is usually very friendly and fast.I was in a very strange mood writing this.  Bottom line, when I want a burrito, I come here.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,7/22/2013,472,366,10,12,9>I have such a big appetite sometimes. The pig in me always compares higher priced meals to good buffets. The meal has to be very well-made for me to justify paying a lot for it and being half full. Instead, I could go to a buffet and be stuffed. Restaurant & Bar Ko is not a buffet, but it is still good!My friends and I stopped by here last night a little after 11. Happy hour is from 10 pm to 2am. I was impressed by the $5 Grey Goose and $5 Crown Royal. Even better was the Edraduor 10 year single malt Scotch for only $3.50! Here's a picture: yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…There was only one other party besides us and it was so quiet that we felt like we had the restaurant to ourselves. The restaurant is much larger on the inside than it appears on the outside. We were seated on the patio and I was happy that there were no bugs in sight. There were also no crickets chirping, just complete silence. It bothers me when I eat at a nice restaurant and I get bitten by mosquitoes, or flies land on my food. Amazingly, there were none of this even though it was open-air!We ordered two of the $40 Asahi 8 course dinners and one of the $55 Ko 9 course dinner. First to arrive was this appetizer: yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…I loved how it was a sampling of some of my favorite dishes. There were eggplant, kabocha, gobo and carrots, and egg. Everything was served cold.Next was seafood salad which included tuna (raw), salmon (raw), shrimp, and scallops along with tomato and mixed greens: yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…Third was a piece of sushi: yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…Fourth was a Lotus Root Manju! yelp.com/biz_photos/rest… This dish was pretty good and had the consistency sort of like mochi.Fifth was the main course! We had a choice of fresh fish (Sea Bass) or a ginger pork dish. We decided to have one of each and share: yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…Sixth was a whole mini fish seasoned, sliced, and served with veggies: yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…Seventh was the Salmon and Ikura Kamameshi: yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…(one of my favorite dishes).Finally, eighth was this! yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…The owner served it and said that the wafers used in this is not available for purchase in Hawaii and was actually brought in from Japan! This dessert is meant to be eaten with the hands and features imported Japanese wafers, azuki bean spread, and a vanilla mochi ice cream.There a few dishes that I took pictures of that I had a bite or two of that were not part of of the Asahi course, but of the Ko course. This included steak and and another dish: yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…yelp.com/biz_photos/rest…One interesting fact is that besides the dessert wafers being imported is the chef is also imported! The chef is from Japan! The food definitely is Japanese style and not local style Japanese. Service was very good and fast. Parking was a little scary. You have to go up the driveway a little and then it slopes down into the back of the building. There are two stalls in front and the rest of the stalls are in the back. There is no close street parking besides this. While the food was good, I was still hungry afterwards. It's great if you have a medium or small appetite, but not recommended for large appetites. One person in our party was a slim, 100 pound person, and was full after the fifth course. The remaining two of us were happy, because that meant more food for us!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,7/21/2013,271,404,10,18,17>I'll be frank about this place - - I've been warned by fellow Chinese friends to avoid here.  Too much money spent on the decor where the service and food quality not meeting to those high standards.  Not a good combo for business.I belong to a dining club where we meet monthly to eat at various restaurants in Oahu.  The Board members wanted to come here and majority won so I took on the responsibility of arranging tonight's dinner.First of all, I came here in person earlier this month but was sadly informed Gary Chan, the General Manager here, was out-of-country.  However, I made a phone appointment to arrange a family-style dinner for a little over 30 peeps.  Gary was very accommodating in planning our dinner menu and worked out the details.Before coming here I did have the chance to read some of the Yelp reviews of this place.  After reading a handful of below-par reviews I had to lower my standards to control the disappointment.  I used to work in the food industry and having a set-menu dinner banquet is not an easy task.  Food needs to be prepared ahead of time to ensure promptness of the dishes coming out.  You usually end up sacrificing the quality as food needs to be cooked in bulk and the temperature is also compromised.  In tonight's meal, food came out quickly and the quality was NOT compromised at all.  I was stunned...We had seafood & tofu soup, deep fried appetizers, General Tsao's chicken, honey walnut shrimp, steamed fish fillet w/ Chinese black mushroom & ham, braised pork ribs with special sauce served along with steamed buns, rice and mango pudding.Food was really good.  I'll admit that this place is not your typical local Chinese joint but very innovative.  Honey walnut shrimp was top notch.  Soup had generous chunks of seafood.  The deep-fried appetizers were crispy and not greasy at all.  I was a little caught off-guard with General Tsao's chicken as it was like a sweet-and-sour dish, but it was tasty.  The fish fillet was incredible - - the Chinese black mushroom gave it a nice touch.  The star of the night was the braised pork ribs.  It was cooked for a long time where the meat was tender so it was easy to break off the bone and serve the juicy meat into steamed buns (just like the ones used for Peking duck).  Mango pudding was not your typical generic instant mix - - had a nice mango essence!Service was also spot-on.  The waiters were very quick in refilling our waters, bringing new hot tea pots and changing our plates.Overall, my dinner experience was fantastic here.NOTE:  Yelp check-in yields a free dim sum basket!!!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,7/20/2013,1394,153,5,11,10>CUPPING!! It was my first time ever doing cupping and I'm addicted! It takes my back and neck pain away completely!!  You MUST try it! He makes cool designs so it looks like art :) I love Joe!! I have been going to him now every week for almost 3 months.  I have noticed a huge difference in my mood, my pain levels, and general well being.  It has been so great! Since I am constantly busy and on the go, it's so nice to have a Friday appointment after work to get "Powered Off!"  I am able to completely relax, and shut down for the weekend.  De-stress and come out of there feeling amazing. He's very patient and at a great price to allow me to go every week.  I absolutely love it and wouldn't want to go anywhere else! I used to go to massage and chiro appointments all the time for pain and what not, and ever since I started going to Joe, I haven't had to do any of that!Can't wait to go back this Friday after this long and crazy Holidays!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,7/19/2013,304,150,6,10,10>I've been putting off coming here for the longest time and finally gave in.  Well let me say that I've been avoiding this place thanks to that stupid Snow Factory.  After trying their snow ice I decided it wasn't my thing and would rather stick to shave ice.  BUT.  Frostcity has restored my faith in snow ice!I read such great things about this place I just had to try it despite my meh-ness towards Snow Factory.  The ambiance here is nice and bright and I love the abundance of flavors and choices they had.  But it also gave me a hard time trying to decide what I wanted!  Finally here's what we went with:MILK TEA:  It was good but to me it tasted a little more like coffee than milk tea.  It was very light and not a whole lot of flavor but still tasty.  Not sure if I'd order this again.COOKIES N CREAM:  I enjoyed this one; it had a nice solid flavor to it but again nothing special.What I love about this place is the staff!  Everyone there was super nice and very friendly and genuine.  So even though the flavors we tried on our first visit weren't anything I'd write home about, there is something drawing me back to try more of their other flavors.  I just have a feeling that there is something on that menu that I will fall in love with!So all in all, very excited to go back and find that special something there!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,7/18/2013,210,228,22,33,26>Take it from this girl who has put down quite a few plates of frijoles, tortillas, y carne asada in her life, Zaratez is legit Angeleno Mexican street food.  I grew up amid taquerias and pupuserias and juego stands and when I get homesick, I crave Mexican food. No. Not that "authentic" mess from Cholo's. Not that Tex-Mex mess. Not anything with a hard shell. Not anything served with sour cream and french fries inside a tortilla (AKA a California burrito, that mess is OFFENSIVE and strictly a surfer San Diego thing, it is about as authentic Mexican as California Rolls are authentic Japanese, so check yo' self mother trucker). And if you are looking for or comparing this to Taco Bell, dear Lord, please see yourself to the door. Paul makes the kind of food I crave, homestyle street food. Food that brings me back to Highland Park and Echo Park before both gentrified. Blah blah blah, enough about me, here's the skinny on the food.Paul generally has a pretty stream lined menu as a food stand operator - tacos, mulitas, quesadillas, burritos. Street food. His carne asada is moist and flavorful and not overly salty, something I have found to be a problem with most Mexican places here on island. The chorizo is never overly greasy, which is freaking amazing because how the heck do you get ground pork sausage to not swim in its own fat while still being flavorful. Beans, are they flavorless? Only if your standard is Taco Bell or some crap. Real Mexican beans are mild in flavor, letting the flavor of the bean show through. This is how Paul makes his beans. There is the flavor of lard, delicious, delicious lard in there and the creaminess that can only come from twice cooked frijoles. The rice is flavorful, but not overly so. Simple and flavorful.  I really don't understand the demand for extremely flavorful beans and rice which would compete with the flavor of the meat in the burrito and your taco. BALANCE PEOPLE! Now that Zaratez has a permanent home, mulitas will be going off menu in May as they won't have a way to cook them properly for awhile. To replace them, Paul has said he is going to start making tortas - think of them as Mexican hamburgers, but instead of ground beef, it is filled with delicious asado (grilled) meats. I am really going to miss his mulitas, but I am looking forward to those tortas! He will also start making fresh juegos or juices. This is such an intrinsic part of a sit down taqueria experience to me I was ready to start crying when he brought it up. Also, keep an eye out for breakfast being served on Saturdays once they open for real. I can't even begin to tell you how freaking excited I am for huevos rancheros and chilequiles, and really anything Paul decides to cook. I will admit I have only had his street food. I missed the pop up where he made albondigas - meat ball soup. This is to me what saimin is to many locals, classic soupy comfort eating. I am really excited to see where Paul takes Zaratez and what the permanent menu will look like. You want REAL Mexican food, food that is deliciously flavorful but incredibly satisfying after a long day of living/visiting in beautiful Hawaii nei? Come to Zaratez. Seriously. Just come by and try it out. Just don't compare Zaratez to Taco Bell when you are ordering.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,7/17/2013,390,89,4,12,8>This place is legit! The spicy scampi and pesto chicken are winners!The spicy scampi's shrimp is tender and SO flavorful!  And the pesto chicken is moist, with fresh pesto sauce.  It's not just a pulverized basil leaf paste... you can actually tell what the ingredients in the sauce are!  I like that all the dishes here taste really homemade.  And they're all served with rice, salad, and a corn cob.To sum it up: great location on Kapahulu across from Safeway(with late-night parking at Waiola's), delicious and filling food, reasonable prices (~$8/plate), open late!Also great for take-out!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,7/16/2013,184,127,10,9,6>There should be more cute and cozy places like this on our island! I don't know what took me so long to finally try this place out (oh wait, I do know...I'm pretty phobic of the whole Puck's Alley parking situation). The staff's really friendly, patient, and knowledgeable about their menu. If it's your first time, they can help recommend items for you to try as the variety of teas can be overwhelming at first. I love that there are the jars of teas along the wall, so that you can smell each of them before committing to buy. This really helped me select something unique. I didn't just want to go along with the recommended peach white tea, as I already know what that will taste like.Minutes later, I finally decided to go with the tea of the day, which was ROSEBUD. I ordered a single serving, which was served in beautiful glassware. They even sell these tea sets there. I'm so tempted to buy a set so I can enjoy beautiful, peaceful moments at home, sipping tea in silence or while swapping stories with friends. The rosebud tea smelled heavenly, looked absolutely beautiful and tasted fragrant, light, and delightful.I also ordered a GREEN TEA CUPCAKE which was divine! Actually, divine is an understatement. I'm really picky about cupcakes, so this passed the Lauren H. test with flying colors! This green tea cupcake paired well with my rosebud tea.I was told I could have a refill of hot water if I liked, but I had to finish up my grocery shopping at Nijiya around the corner and Down to Earth across the way.Prices for the teas are pretty steep (Hehe, steep, get it? Tea joke! Lol. Oh dear.) as I enjoy drinking teas at home, so I know that I can purchase a rather large bag of high quality tea for the price of two servings here. But, prices are comparable to coffee-focused cafes, and I'd definitely rather be supporting a place like Tea Farm rather than Starbucks any day!Most reviewers say that it's really quiet here, but when I went, I had some chatty cats at the table behind me, which wasn't a problem at all, but I then decided not to start reading my book as I could hear their entire conversation.I would highly recommend this as a cute date place. Totally my cup of tea. (I'm on a roll!) I will definitely be back to try the heart-shaped ice cream. I'm a sucker!!! And I'm curious to check out poetry night. :)
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,7/15/2013,1950,141,16,35,25>Came here with my husband on New Year's for dinner. I had made reservations about a week in advance because I figured it's a Holiday so the place would probably be busy. Reservations were made for 6:30 and we arrived about a little after 6. We came early because we weren't sure of the parking situation. Parking was easy, It's valet only lol.  We left the car with the valet and went inside the restaurant to check in. Im not sure what went wrong with the person that took the reservation but they had the spelling of our last name wrong. From Moura to Moreajh lol .The Matri De corrected it and sat us early which was a plus. As we followed the hostess to our table I realized the place was bigger than I imagined. There is two seating area's , one on the main floor and one upstairs. The ambiance was very old school classy. I felt like i was at Hugh Heffner's house rather than a restaurant lol. Downstairs which is called the library lounge the seating was more roomy and was surrounding a bar area. We were seated upstairs in the emerald garden room, lighting was dimmer and had a romantic feel to it. It was nice yet stifling at the same time.I dont think a person with claustrophobia would survive in this place without a panic attack, too much adornment for one building. I prefer open and clean spaces but to each's own. I was with my husband so i was happy regardless. The waiters are dressed in tuxedo's and are very formal. Our waiter was awesome at the beginning. He was very attentive and slowly filtered into a semi chode. He brought us our drinks and cheese bread then took our order. We ordered the crab cake as an appetizer. For entree's I ordered the prime rib medium rare and my husband ordered the Beef Wellignton.+Cheese Bread. yelp.com/user_local_phot…  It was good but not anything spectacular. It was complimentary so Im not gonna complain about it. +Crab Cake. Lol mustve been good because I didnt get a chance to take a pic of it. Seriously tho,It really was good and we enjoyed it. So sad no pic. wtf you think $120 plus for a meal, I would have taken pics of everything. Minus a hundred points for my lack of food paparazzi skills.  +Beef Wellington. yelp.com/user_local_phot…  My husband loved it. He fed me a piece of it and I liked it till i found out there was pate on it. Im not a big liver fan, but it tasted like bacon and it was actually good. The cabernet truffle sauce that accompanied it was delicious.+Prime Rib. yelp.com/user_local_phot…  My prime rib was below sub standard and I'm talking below Outback steak house standards which is mediocre compared to what you expect from a fine dining establishment like Hy's.The meat was aesthetically pleasing. But was not very tender nor was it very flavorful. I ate about a third of it and was over it. Btw Outback's Prime rib is better,just saying.I think the meal from start to finish took a little under an hour half. We opted not to order dessert and the waiter brought us the check. Meh the price wasnt bad and we tipped him quite generously considering he was a bit of a snotty chode towards the end. Over all the total experience was nice. Hubby enjoyed Hy's so I will give this place another go, this time no prime rib and dessert is a definite Dressing nicer than usual ,having a romantic dinner amongst other love birds, pretending your at Hugh's house = $120+ and a vivid imagination.Starting the new year off classy with the love of your life = Priceless.:)
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,7/14/2013,1117,333,15,20,19>I normally don't spend almost two hours looking at shoes, but time seem to go by so quickly when looking, talking and trying on those Vibram FiveFingers!So many different models to match your life style and the type of activities you do daily. Tracey and ilene were so very helpful in helping us choose the perfect Vibrams. I wanted a Walking /Jogging /Gym model and tried on a lot of them..Aaahh!  I can't make up my mind! yelp.com/biz_photos/whea…Being raised in Hawaii and going bare foot small kid time, I really miss that natural feeling. When you use these FiveFingers footwear your feet senses come alive again! Yes! I picked up a pair on this recent visit and was surprised how many kids were buying Vibram's along with their parents *Lucky Kids*.  I'll be back for a couple more pairs soon. There was a comfortable model that I would use instead of slippers and a crossfit/gym model that had some really great forward and side to side traction. yelp.com/biz_photos/whea…I'm lucky that I don't have a need for hiking/trekking shoes because they have those onhand. (Or at least not yet..haha!.)Vibram FingerFivers has my feet, toes and me excited!! Oh silly me that I taught that only Women get excited about buying shoes!Check out the Vibram Web Site For The Many Styles vibramfivefingers.com/ba…Also got to sample some of their fresh Wheatgrass juice which I never had before.. Naturally sweet.. Not bad ..Maybe I'll get some on my next visit.* Service Superb Friendly.. *Free Parking located in lot across of Wheatgrass Center.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,7/13/2013,354,934,5,11,6>I've wanted to try The Pig & The Lady for some time now, but every time I've ventured into the tourist jungle of the KCC farmers market, there was always a long line and I would get too impatient or distracted by other vendors. I can proudly say that I finally mustered up the patience to wait in the relatively short line for some yummy pig & lady food this past saturday. At 8:30am, the market isn't too crowded yet, and it was easy to find parking. There was some confusion about which way the line was headed, but the lady (was it THE LADY?!) taking orders didn't seem concerned and encouraged us to figure it out ourselves. Once I got to the front of the line, The Lady took my order, my name, and my money. She wasn't particularly friendly, and I moved awkwardly to the side to wait for my food once she had taken my money. They have a couple tables and chairs set up in the booth, but I opted for take out. I ordered the vietnamese "french dip" and because it was take out, the sandwich was placed in a styrofoam container and the "dip" was contained in a very durable plastic container and my inner Chinese convinced me to keep it for my random plastic container collection. The sandwich was pretty much an amazing experience. The caramelized onions, plumb sauce and "dip" perfectly complemented each other (is it weird that when I experience this mix of flavors, I think about that scene in Disney's Ratatouille?). The bread was perfect. Everything amounted to perfection. For $11, it was probably one of the most expensive sandwiches I've had (I don't usually order sandwiches.....), but it was well worth it. I will be back!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,7/12/2013,144,174,17,15,15>OK, so I'm going to start off this review by cutting straight to the very end of the evening.  As we were leaving Thai Town Cafe and walking to the car, this is what my friend tells me:"You couldn't see it because your back was facing the front of the restaurant - but - when we were eating, there was a girl that ran out of the bar next door and threw up in front of the restaurant.  Then she ran back into the bar."I laughed and immediately raised up both arms and shouted: "I LOVE KALIHI!" :)After reading the other reviews before coming here, I kind of had a preconceived idea that the area was a bit "interesting" but damn..hehe.Anyway, back to the normal review...We came here on a Saturday night, a couple of days before my LivingSocial voucher expired, and was expecting it to be busy.  We were surprised that there were only 2 other couples in the restaurant.  The place is pretty small and very low key.  There's pretty much no decor to speak of except for a TV in the corner.  They were playing thai music videos on it which were actually kind of mesmerizing.The food was very good overall.  There were a couple of dishes that I would pass on the next time we eat here but there were some dishes that were extraordinary.  My favorites were the Crispy thai chicken and the Panang curry with chicken,  both were exceptional.  The other dishes that I thought were good were the Spicy eggplant with pork, and the Spring rolls.  The eggplant dish wasn't really spicy though but you could always ask them to prepare it hotter.  They also have house-made chili oil on each table that's killer so if you like your food hot, you're in luck.The dishes I didn't care for were the Mee grob, the sauce was just too sweet which ended up making the dish taste odd, and the Pad thai which was just so-so.The service was also good,  friendly and attentitive.  The owner who was in the kitchen cooking, also came out to ask how everything was.Yeah, there are a bunch of bars in the same strip mall but it didn't bother us.  It's a pretty busy area so we never felt like we were unsafe.  The food here is good and the portions are generous so I'll definitely be back.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,7/11/2013,187,273,8,15,12>My dad is extremely lucky that both my sister and I have birthdays in the same month, because we don't mind celebrating together instead of doing it twice. Lucky for me, my bf's birthday is in the same month too, so he can celebrate with us. I've been wanting to try Hoku's for years, and this was the perfect time to go. How can my dad say No...its for my birthday. One of the first things I look for in a review are prices, so it's $65 for Sunday Brunch. Yes, it will break your wallet. But this has to be the best brunch that I've had on the island. And yes, it is better than Orchids (if you were wondering). Awesome thing about Hoku's is that they don't place a time limit on the buffet, well, they didn't tell me about one.Service was amazing. Food selection was great. Fresh oyster, sashimi, nigiri sushi, assorted sushi rolls, chilled lobster tail, shrimp cocktail, miso butterfish, rack of lamb, king crab legs. Best part was that the crab was already cut in half so you don't have to worry about getting too messy. Tip: I wouldn't consider this a kid friendly buffet. I only seen one there but it was older (about 10-11). So keep your children at home.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,7/10/2013,419,552,6,13,9>4.75 stars.I love surprises, well the good kind.Came to town for dinner on a Wednesday night.  Sat at the bar while bartender Jordan took great care of us.  Began with Aperol spritz, Italian style.  Then cascaded into wine by the glass selections.Ordered the beet, mint & fresh mozzarella salad:  5 stars!  Intriguing flavors that renewed my friends' boredom with green salads.  Entrees were the Gnocchi with Beef Ragu:  5 stars!  And the Hand-Cut pasta with he'e (octopus):  5 stars!Dessert was the Banana Creme Pie:  4 stars & the Buttermilk Honey Panecotta:  5 stars!Place packed on a mid-week evening and glad to see town thriving and still producing top notch dishes.Tally:Beet/Mint/Mozzarella Salad:  5 stars!Gnocchi:  5 stars!Banana Cream Pie:  4 starsPanecotta:  5 stars!5+5+4+5= 19/4= 4.75 stars.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,7/9/2013,1046,338,6,19,10>I only happened to see this place when I was at the food trucks across the street on Kapahulu.  I love shabu shabu, so it caught my eye.  This place was totally desserted when i walked in, I didnt even know if they were open.  I walked all the way in the back and there was a sitting there on his computer.  So I asked him if they were open and he said yes.  He quickly jumped up and sat up.  I was very hessitant at this point and was going to walk out.This is an All You Can Eat shabu shabu/sukiyaki place.  There are basically 6  choices you have.  Shabu shabu reg $19, prime cut $21, sukiyaki reg $19, prime cut $21, shabu/sukiyaki combo $21, prime $25.  We decided on the reg Shabu/Sukiyaki combo.  The veges were fresh and included Romaine lettuce, won bok, two types of mushrooms, carrots.  The meats included beef and pork.  They also gave a big bowl of udon, rice and a bowl of meatball (or i describe it as the inside of a gyoza).   Sauces included goma and ponzu, both were kinda tangy, a little different then your normal shabu shabu sauce, but not bad.  Meats were ok, I like the pork better, but for AYCE is was a good deal.  My wife didnt like the sauce, but I thought i was ok.  We used the Sukiyaki side more, so did need the sauces that much anyway.  If you are a traditional sukiyaki eater, there is no egg included.  Well they didnt give us one anyway nor did we ask, so maybe.They give you a nicely presented martini glass full of either Chocolate, Vanilla or Black Sesame.  Which is all you can eat also.  You dont find this at other AYCE Shabu Shabu places.  I will definitely be back and try the prime cuts to see the $2 difference.  We were the only ones in there so service was excellent and this poor guy was at our beckoned call.  I can see parking may be a problem here.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,7/8/2013,900,386,13,16,18>ciao-ge-la-to-sor-bet-to-reallitalia-e-un-paese-meravigliosotranslation-italy-is-a-wonderful-countrywhy-lamborghini-armani-da-vinci-bocelli-al-dente-pasta-the-roman-colosseum-michelangelo-ducatti-the-vatican-banfi-brunello-di-montalcino-poggio-alloro-sophia-loren-milan-florence-roma-oh-and-of-course-gelato-and-sorbettoreal-italians-in-hawaiireal-italian-gelato-and-sorbetto-in-hawaii-you-betchala-gelateria-has-been-in-business-in-hawaii-since-1981-yet-many-have-no-clue-it-exist-why-la-gelateria-supplies-these-ono-oh-so-good-frozen-desserts-to-the-finest-restaurants-in-the-state-and-they-could-care-less-if-anyone-knows-about-it-ever-wonder-where-that-fantabulous-gelato-came-from-when-dining-at-hawaiis-finest-i-place-my-euro-on-la-gelateria-incredibly-delish-flavors-classics-to-tropics-some-of-my-favs-include-lychee-sorbetto-kona-coffee-gelato-lilikoi-sorbetto-mmm-want-more-green-tea-chocolate-gianduia-vanilla-coconut-berries-etc-yummy-etc-the-absolute-best-in-the-statela-gelateria-rootsthe-original-owner-immigrated-to-america-from-sicily-in-the-late-1950s-maurice-grasso-was-a-talented-engineer-that-fell-in-love-with-hawaii-when-he-visited-our-beautiful-islands-in-the-late-1970s-grasso-loved-hawaii-so-much-that-he-decided-he-wanted-to-move-here-no-matter-what-it-took-he-decided-to-fall-back-on-his-italian-childhood-treats-of-gelato-and-sorbetto-his-belief-of-keeping-it-authentic-natural-and-mixed-with-the-finest-ingredients-would-be-his-key-to-paradise-grasso-opened-la-gelateria-in-1981-focusing-on-the-italian-classics-soon-after-he-decided-to-add-more-island-tropical-flavors-to-satisfy-the-hawaiian-taste-buds-he-strongly-believed-that-if-making-local-flavors-using-local-ingredients-was-mandatory-that-formula-stands-til-todayim-part-italian-via-injectionin-the-summer-of-2000-i-moved-into-the-only-house-on-the-block-this-home-is-owned-by-my-hanai-aunty-back-in-the-day-i-worked-right-down-the-block-as-a-manager-for-a-large-travel-company-everyday-i-walked-by-la-gelateria-until-one-day-i-figured-to-check-out-this-little-hole-in-the-wall-i-walked-in-and-there-to-greet-me-was-maurice-i-asked-him-what-types-of-icecream-do-you-have-the-proud-sicilian-looked-at-me-with-a-somewhat-annoyed-face-and-said-young-man-we-sell-gelato-and-sor-bet-toi-was-like-ohhhh-kay-i-should-have-known-stomping-north-beach-little-italy-in-my-college-days-duhmaurice-suggested-the-lychee-sorbetto-for-me-cheee-one-bite-and-i-was-in-heaven-shoots-lychee-is-still-my-fav-so-smooth-amazing-deliciosoafter-a-few-bitesgelato-you-are-yummygelato-you-are-finegelato-you-are-tastygelato-you-are-minegelato-you-are-wonderfulcold-on-a-summers-daygelato-you-are-marvelouslike-a-parisian-cafegelato-you-are-kindgelato-you-are-coolgelato-you-are-icygelato-you-make-me-drool-teranikaaloha-mauricea-few-years-ago-maurice-decided-to-semi-retire-and-sell-la-gelateria-provided-the-buyers-kept-everything-the-same-la-gelateria-still-supplies-the-best-gelato-and-sorbetto-to-the-finest-hotels-and-restaurants-in-the-state-trust-me-its-from-here-today-i-made-a-taste-visit-and-i-am-happy-to-say-that-everything-remains-the-same-graziemaurice-still-guides-and-gives-advice-but-is-happily-retired-in-the-hawaiian-sun-in-the-state-he-loves-so-much-i-am-honored-to-have-known-him-arrivedercifyi-2-each-flavor-i-would-suggest-at-least-4-to-try-a-gelato-and-sorbetto-bring-a-little-more-to-try-even-more-lol-of-course-this-is-the-real-stuff-and-when-you-have-the-real-stuff-satisfaction-is-guaranteed-no-matter-whatthis-has-been-my-secret-spot-for-years-sigh-but-i-want-you-to-know-that-theres-more-to-life-than-just-shave-ice-and-bubble-tea-try-it-youll-love-it-guaranznote-parking-is-small-but-you-should-get-a-spot-since-this-is-a-distribution-location-and-not-many-know-that-la-gelateria-sells-retail-too-shhh-dont-expect-fancy-here-expect-two-lawn-tables-and-a-couple-chairs-youre-here-to-enjoy-the-real-gelatto-and-sorbetto-stop-being-a-bratafter-your-italian-treat-browse-at-cedar-art-gallery-right-next-dooryelp-updated-review
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,7/7/2013,835,537,5,13,12>The BF and I decided on Azure as our dinner spot to celebrate our *10* year anniversary. It's a beautiful restaurant located inside of the Royal Hawaiian Hotel. There's indoor seating and outdoor seating overlooking Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head. We made reservations via open table and were seated inside on a comfy couch with pillows. yelp.com/user_local_phot…We were served complimentary lavosh with clam dip as well as an assortment of bread with salted butter. yelp.com/user_local_phot…yelp.com/user_local_phot…We shared a cup of the alaskan king crab chowder to start. $13 There were generous portions of king crab. Taste wise, it was okay. It needed more salt or pepper and could have been a bit thicker. 6/10yelp.com/user_local_phot…I ordered the 5 course tasting menu. $75It started off with sashimi. Yellow fin ahi, hamachi, avocado and watermelon radish with a ginger vinaigrette. I don't eat raw fish so I gave this to my BF who enjoyed it. 9/10.yelp.com/user_local_phot…Second course. Seafood bouillabaisse. I couldn't do it. It was bitter and had an aftertaste. My BF didn't enjoy it either. For us, 1/10.yelp.com/user_local_phot…Third course. Kona lobster tail risotto. The lobster tail was DELICIOUS and cooked PERFECTLY. The risotto was a bit undercooked. 9/10. Did I mention the lobster tail was amazing???yelp.com/user_local_phot…Fourth course. Butter poached filet of beef w/ hamakua mushroom, taro and brandy puree, quail egg, and a black truffle sauce. The beef was tender, the quail egg (my first time trying one!) was a nice touch, and the truffle sauce was so savory. 9/10.yelp.com/user_local_phot…Fifth course. Kula strawberries and fior di latte balsamic and cinnamon fradrizzle. It was a nice way to end the meal. Light but delicious. 10/10yelp.com/user_local_phot…My BF ordered the lamb chops. $49.50. He said it was cooked to a perfect medium rare and was well seasoned. He rated it 9/10.yelp.com/user_local_phot…Since this restaurant is known for having "the freshest" fish, we shared the opakapaka cooked "black spiced" style with garlic mashed potatoes. $39. It was THE BEST fish that I can recall eating. It was heavily seasoned and reminded me of a cajun seasoning, but the fish was cooked perfectly. The hamakua mushrooms and corn with whatever sauce accompanied the fish was heavenly. The garlic mashed potatoes are by far the best ones I've had. I would come back JUST to eat this dish. 10/10!yelp.com/user_local_phot…Flourless chocolate cake complimentary for our anniversary. Trio of cheesecake complimentary for our anniversary. Nothing to rave about. Chocolate cake was okay. 6/10. Cheesecake was a disappointment. Espresso, chocolate, and one with a Thai chili sauce? Tried a bite of each and didn't eat anymore. 2/10. Glad we enjoyed our dinner!yelp.com/user_local_phot…yelp.com/user_local_phot…Service: Impeccable. The hostesses were very friendly and our waiter, Brent was fabulous. He went over the menu with us, offered to take pictures for us, and checked on us more times than I could count. He even "chit chatted' before he got super busy, but even then, he was still on it and came by frequently. The staff that delivered the entrees explained each dish before leaving and always asked if we needed anything else before leaving. Ambiance: Romantic but casual at the same time. I saw men wearing suits and men wearing shorts. Ummm... lol... to each his own. I liked the elegant decorations in the restaurant. The outdoor cabanas were cute. Next time I wanna sit outside!Restrooms: Shared with the pool area. It felt like a SAUNA inside! Where's the AC?!?!Cost: Pricey, but the food was worth it. Would we return? Sure would. I would opt for trying one dish instead of the tasting menu on my next visit though. A definite must try for your fancy foodies. :) A lovely gem in the Royal Hawaiian Hotel. Thanks Azure for taking care of us on our 10 year anniversary! :)
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,7/6/2013,588,341,9,14,13>I was a bit hesitant to try Chutney since this space has seemed to be a revolving door of different eateries and the reviews are all over the place, nothing really swayed me one way or the other.  I'm really happy I did venture in on a "chilly" evening - a night I was really craving some spicy Indian food to clear my sinuses and make me taste through my fog of cold symptoms!Chutney did the trick!  It's a tiny place - no more than 7 or 8 tabletops so aside from takeout, you may wait a little bit to eat if there's a dinner or lunch rush. If you compare the wait to the other Indian food establishments though, this place is pretty damn speedy and cheap too!No more than $9-$12 for any entree, each one comes with your choice of proteins: tofu, lamb, chicken or vegetarian and spice level.  We ordered both of our curry dishes medium - chicken masala and vegetable vindaloo  yelp.com/biz_photos/chut…Just in case they were to take "medium" as a spice challenge, we ordered the raita as well as a side so we'd have something to dull the heat if need be... (raita is a yogurt- based sauce, theirs was a little looser in consistency than I expected, with chopped carrots and cucumbers.  A nice refreshing side to add to the curry though.)yelp.com/biz_photos/chut…All of the curry dishes came with a scoop of fragrant basmati rice and a piece of papdum (a salty cracker-like starch).  yelp.com/biz_photos/chut…We also ordered naan which came out super steaming hot and fresh, it was delicious!I was really impressed with Chutney - the service was great, price was very reasonable and the other diners as well seemed to really enjoy their dishes.  Awesome to have another option for Indian food if you don't feel like waiting.. and waiting... and waiting... :)
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,7/5/2013,81,87,4,28,19>If you've been following my reviews, you know that for me it's all about Food Love.I firmly believe that if someone has true Passion and Love for something (or someone), the result will always be a thing of beauty.  Mark Noguchi, already famous for his love of simple, TASTY food and his wife Amanda, opened TASTE in the space formerly occupied by the Aikane Cafe on Auahi Street on 27 October with a grand opening blessing ceremony and event, with about 200 people present including a lot of the people who make up the new wave of food here in Hawaii -- from Pig & the Lady, to Chef Sean of Soul, to various local growers, fishmongers and suppliers, fellow restaurant owners (The Whole Ox Deli, Sweet Bread, PInt & Jigger, among others), all coming together to support TASTE.The concept of TASTE is simple, but brilliant and needed in Honolulu's food scene.  I spent most of Thursday night in a Thermidor kitchen during a catering event and the entire night tonight with Chef Mark, watching him work and seeing and talking to him about food love, passion and food geekery.  I too am a food geek -- someone who will (and has) made Tempura 7 times a day for 21 days straight experimenting with pH levels, flour protein content, oil type and temperatures, layers of batter, etc. - and Mark and his crew are like that.  They have a lab in the back of their restaurant where they just mess with food inspiration much like the same way the famed Ferran Adrià of El Bulli (one of the best restaurants in the world considered by many) does.  It's taking food, and having your passion for it drive it one, two or three steps further, just because you have that kind of passion for it it.  It takes that kind of dedication and love and passion to produce the food that I TRULY love.The concept of TASTE is to have NOT so much a restaurant as a "FOOD VENUE", managed and operated by Mark and Amanda, which bring in and feature chefs of all ranges -- from new talent coming out to do pop-ups, to longtime experienced and reputable chefs coming in to do special events outside of their normal workplace.  The menu is constantly changing, because the restaurant is so dynamic.  It provides a place for young talent to showcase themselves, and it provides a place for the veterans to go all out in the way that they are passionate about (often times you lose it working in a kitchen making the same thing over and over).In TASTE's own words:"TASTE is a collaborative effort between Street Grindz creators of Eat the Street, Poni and Brandon Askew; Under My Umbrella, owned and operated by Amanda Corby and Pili Hawaii, a food group recently co-founded by Chef "Gooch" and Corby.TASTE's daily breakfast and lunch menu will feature many of the familiar faces you are used to seeing from a lunch truck window or at Eat the Street. Expect to find a delicious mix of popular food truck owners, street food vendors and pop up restaurants serving up their own twist on fast, affordable, fresh food.On the surface, TASTE is a "Food Venue" most easily explained as a permanent pop-up, just simpler because its always in the same location. In addition to the eclectic menu, TASTE will also be an open resource and hub to aspiring and ambitious food entrepreneurs."*****To find out what events are coming up, check tastetable.com and you should find a schedule there.  The next scheduled event is on Tuesday October 30 at 6PM, featuring pork done in various street food style, ala carte, done by one of Honolulu's most experienced chefs.Yes, I enjoyed the dishes prepared tonight for the crowd.  I particularly enjoyed the gravy slider, wet-smoked pork butt on grilled bread of their own recipe, covered in gravy, serious comfort food with experience and technique, balancing every element of flavor and texture just right.  And he kept feeding me, the same way I keep feeding people who are in my own kitchen.  That's someone who really loves food and wants to share his love of food with others.That's what TASTE is all about.I will update this review on my next return, when they are operating as a business as normal; but I love this place and the concept so much I felt compelled to get the word out ASAP.  They need your support as customers, and they exist to support the new style fledgling food industry popping up in the Kaka'ako area, allied with fellow restaurants and existing to support the community of food lovers, and those who are passionate fori it.5/5 - Anyone who gives their 100% Love and Passion into anything will result in beauty, not only in relationships, but also in food or in anything they do.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,7/4/2013,442,466,21,27,25>KIDS EAT FREE Monday and Tuesdays. (with paid adult meal) If you do not like eating with kids around, do not eat here on Mon/Tues because those of us with kids bring them in busloads on those days. Why do we bring them here? It could be the cute origami paper that they get at the start of the meal (but the directions are TOO HARD for us non-origami folding parents!), or the delicious udon or saimin or sushi on the colorful plates, or the dessert that comes with the kids meal. OR in my case, it's the basket full of toys at the end of the meal. Other valuable money and/or time saving tips:EARLY BIRD Wed-Fri 4-6pm $12.95SENIOR MENU (60+) can eat for $9.95 all day LUNCH SPECIALS 11a-2pmReservations accepted Mon-Thurs onlyParties of 8 will be subject to automatic 16% gratuityI'm usually still hungry when I leave Gyotaku, and I don't really love the food--it's your typical Japanese food (donburi, sushi, tempura, etc)--but we come here because KIDS EAT FREE on Mon/Tues and sometimes that trumps everything else when it comes time to choose where we go to eat.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,7/3/2013,123,137,6,11,9>Let me start off by saying....I understand that there are different styles of Thai food....and that there is a huge difference between Thai and Laotian. That being said, I love this little restaurant. The food here has been consistent since the first time I went here.......longer ago than I care to admit. The owner Carol is a hard working "aunty" that is there cooking and prepping and making sure her restaurant runs. We have been going to TVC for years, my family has occupied more than a half of the restaurant at times. It's not a big place, but it works.As with any restaurant, there are favorites and then the other things, I think we have tried them all and we have our go-to menu that we order....always family style. We appreciate Carol's different style, which is to add flavor without spice...she feels like you can always add spiciness later but if the underlying flavor is good, then whatever spice you add just enhances it.Our go-to order for groups of around 6:Spring Rolls...one order chicken/one vegetable. They are smaller than chinese spring rolls, and each order is 6 pieces.-they are crispy and hot!!! made fresh to order. with romaine lettuce, cucumber slices, and mint for wrapping, sauce for dipping. (I love adding the chili sambal to it for kick).Changmai salad...usually chicken or beef-lemongrass, mint, and other spices mixed in with the meat...served with cabbage for scooping up the yumminessCalamari-deep fried, minimally battered, and served with the standard spring roll dipping sauce. Nice and crispy...with just the right amount of calamari chew.Sticky Rice.....one order for every 2 people is usually more than enough.-yup....it's purple. something about that purple rice gives this extra texture to the sticky rice.Panang Curry with fish.-Carol's curry is not a thick curry....in fact, some people say it's runny...but the flavor is great, and if you eat it with the sticky rice, it will all get sopped up into a delicious mouthful of goodness.Street Noodle (Pad See Ew) with chicken-thick "chow-fun" like noodles, with broccoli and other veggies...nice amount of sauce and egg.With more people we add in:Green CurryPapaya SaladPad ThaiFish Filets with Chili Basil Sauceand on special occasion (called ahead of time) we will bring in something we caught fishing and Carol will prepare the whole fish for us....it's AMAZING!They do take-out, which we do when they are too busy for a large group. I've taken my fair share of people to this restaurant and have never had any negative responses...everyone usually leaves happy and full.It's sad to hear that Mako H. had such a bad experience....I've been lucky enough to only eat there when Carol is in the kitchen, and the timing for me has never been off....but I will say that we have had to remind our servers for the rice when it gets busy...but it's a quick fix.TVC is tucked away, but has been successful for year....there is a reason for that. they are wonderful, nice, hard-working and the food is delicious! If you are particular about thai food, talk to Carol...tell her what you like and she is very accommodating. We are fans and regulars. PS-BYOB
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,7/2/2013,260,347,14,12,14>Jinroku. My new favorite love. Oh so fine okonomiyaki sent from above. -In the tone of Biz Markies "Just a Friend"I've been away to long from such a tasty treatGooey yummy, tasteful and perfectly sweet, Walked through the doors and i knew it was youLast time we met was during that "once in a blue moon."got a wiff of that scent as i entered the roomstarted getting ideas, could it have been too soon?Waitress came up with that mysterious menuA couple quick glances and i knew what to doI said "I need my okonomiyaki fix i'm way overdue"she glanced back at us  "Ill be right back without any further adieu"Me and my girl baskin in the peaceful atmosphereSat backed to chillax, shifted myself into low gearNice lighting, peaceful tones, and no one to interfereBut as i sat there waiting, out of the corner of my eyeCame out steamy hot okonomiyaki much to my suprise.I was about to go bananas on this okonomiyaki, it was already implied.It came out quick and was laid down right in front of meAs this voluptuous seafood pie laid between me and my honeyI thought to myself "now two is great, but threes company!"Just as I knew it wouldnt last very long, it was already its fateas i looked over to my girlfriend after our short wait"theres no time for small talk babe, im here to gain weight!"A few bites later it was already goneFinally a great sit down place no complaints, nothing wrongbest okonoyiki on the island, yah, it was the BOMB!Sitting here in a food coma i can truly attestthe essence of its greatness will truly be missed!As I looked down at my plate, it was an okonomiyaki mess.You where the best okonomiyaki for me,Doing things for me, making me scream "OOweee!"and while everyones all dreaming of sushi,Im just sitting here like "Take me to Jinroku, I want my Okonomiyaki!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,7/1/2013,384,392,12,21,18>Me: "I just wanna dance!" World: "No, you're too old... adults can't learn how to dance. you're crazy."Me: "NOOOOOOO"Livingsocial: "The world's cray cray.  You can dance. In fact, here's a discount!"Me: "My hero!"Because the world has been a mean bully for so long, it has been 5 years since I've stepped foot in a dance studio, and 10 years since I've stepped foot in a ballet studio. I was a little bit rusty.That's ok though.  There are two classes here for beginning and intermediate adult classes.  The beginning class really is for someone who has never danced before.  However, I benefitted from taking one to remind myself of the basic technique.  The intermediate class more or less contains retired dancers like myself and those who have started dancing and have been taking classes for about a year.  The studio is located on the first floor of the building across the street from the police station.  There is plenty of parking available at the roof of the building, but the garage is a little difficult to maneuver.  They have changing rooms and restrooms with water fountains and a small kitchenette area if you are trying to fit this class into your busy schedule.    If you don't have the right clothing, they are pretty lax about letting you take the class regardless.  If you show up to a daytime class though, they have a store open to buy clothes/shoes.  They have three clean well equipped studios with pianos, portable barres, and spring floors.  Us adults don't have a lot of options where we want to dance, but this is by far the best option I've found in my 3 years living on the island.  It doesn't hurt to just drop in and try a class or two.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,6/30/2013,171,537,5,12,8>Legit chocolatier found here.  Padovani is a freaking magician when it comes to chocolates.  So far, I've tried all of these chocolates:  - Pineapple ganache - Lilikoi ganache  - Hawaiian Apple Banana - Blood Orange - Kona coffee - Mauna kea (grand marnier)  - Cinnamon pistachio  - Calamansi - dark and milk  - Lilikoi caramel  - Matcha green tea - Le Bouchon (champane) - kahlua coffee  - fluffy marzipan - Sea breeze (salt caramel)with a list like that, you'd think i would have tried them all, right?  wrong!  there are TONS more that i still have to try!!  he tempers the chocolate perfectly, so there is a nice sheen on all of them, and each ganache has delicate flavors.  the cinnamon pistachio for example, has perfect balance where each flavor (cinnamon and pistachio) does not over-power the other.  just great! AND he makes other things too.  VERY DELICIOUS other things, like: french cheese quiche, bacon quiche, sausage rolls, chocolate mouse, apple raisin walnut strudel, mocha coffee with his delicious hot chocolate, cookies, biscotti, muffins, and MORE.  if he has quiche available, BUY ONE - they are freaking amazing.   a little small for $7, but of course, this is quality, so well worth the price. the chocolates will range about $2 a piece, and if you get 8 or more, he'll recommend putting them in a box.  the boxes make nice gifts, or nice treats for yourself :DPadovani himself is a really nice, fun, friendly and amazing guy. Really cool, and passionate about his chocolate, and everything he makes really.  you NEED to try everything here.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,6/29/2013,350,75,8,14,12>I am a Nocturna's girl, most def. :DNocturna Lounge definitely has a posh feel when you walk in. They have private rooms (different sizes, smallest can accommodate 12, largest 25 comfortably- I've booked the biggest room on multiple occasions) and an open area to sing karaoke, which is $2 a song, but they have the most updated list out there! Very clean, and with a great view in the rooms. Too shy to sing? That's okay, you have 2 more options- drink yourself silly with their amazingly varied drink menu (which includes carafes of korean soju mixed with different flavors) or hey, play some video games! They have arcade games in the main lobby area along with Dance Central! Suhweet! And you can also request Rock Band to be hooked up in your private room, so you can jam on the drums or guitar instead of bestowing upon your peers that sought after privilege of hearing the majestic vibrations of your vocal chords. ;)I've introduced many a people to Nocturna's which has lead them to keep coming back for more (You're welcome, peeps, love ya!). A very important note- they have happy hour specials opening to 9pm, EVERY DAY. That's discounted drinks and *gasp* FREE SONGS! Whaaaaaat?! And ladies night is Wednesday so we lovely little vixens can get our singing on for free that night too. Laaahhhhv it! They have a lot of other fun promotions too (birthday, date night, etc) so be sure to check it out!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,6/28/2013,204,62,2,17,4>S H A Y N E from Salon Blanc.She is absolutely wonderful. Let's back up. Parking - everywhere. But they do validate for the building they are located in. CONVENIENT. As soon as you enter - greeted with a friendly smile & a refreshment (water, tea, coffee. IF IT'S YOUR FIRST TIME & you're checking in on yelp - 10% discount baby!Modern sleek black leather chairs - magazines: keep you preoccupied while you wait for your stylist. The space is clean. Full of natural light. Minimal design - just the essentials: chairs, work stations, & mirrors. The front 2 walls are nicely arranged with products they use for sale. With jams like BEYONCE, how can you go wrong?They also have a changing station - where you put on your black cover up/button up thingy to keep clean. Fancy :]As soon as I met Shayne I had a good feeling - she was very friendly & as soon as I showed her a picture of the look I was going for she knew exactly what to do! She took me to the back for a hairwash/condition. The products felt and smelt amazing! Her fingers were magic - head massages? YES PLEASE!I came in with BLONDE hair - with my roots pretty grown in (dark brown). We agreed on an ombre... keeping the tips blonde... and dying the rest an ashy brown to transition to the bottom of my hair. RESULTS: It looks better than my natural hair color! Actually, it looks like it was MEANT to be my natural hair color. I loved it - I STILL LOVE IT. She also trimmed my hair. It was getting pretty long and flat - so she added some layers - lightened it up, especially in the front for more volume - AND BAM! My dream hair cut and dye. Plus it looked extra fabulous after she styled it!I RECOMMEND HER TO EVERYONE. & I will definitely be coming back for her service. I was 2000000% satisfied. It was on the pricey side :/ BUT the QUALITY IS DEFINITELY WORTH IT. I'll be better prepared next time. She deserved a 300% tip.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,6/27/2013,196,187,8,15,12>If charming little coffee shops are your thing, then you will love Spero Spera.  From its house-like wooden door entrance to the warm tones of the furnishings to the simple but smile-inducing (because it's that cute!) wall decor, Spero Spera makes me feel like I am visiting a friend's house.  The food here is delish.  I highly recommend the Mixed Avocado sandwich (avocado, carrot curls, alfalfa sprouts, cabbage, pickles, eggs, bacon, ham, American cheese, and house sauce).  The house sauce is light but yummy and ties everything together beautifully.  The Garlic Vegetable (garlic, kabocha, eggplant, onions, sweet peppers, and skim cheese) is also tasty, especially if you like grilled vegetables.  I wish it came with more kabocha and less eggplant though (there was a lot of eggplant and I am not the biggest fan of eggplant...).  Each sandwich comes with "a choice with chips or organic baby greens with baked carrots and ginger."  Uh when you put it so temptingly, of course I would go with...the chips xD  Yeah, you probably think I am crazy to choose chips over organic baby greens but I really, really wanted chips that night okay?!  Next time I will be more logical and get the greens xD   The drinks here are pretty good.  If you like lemon/citrus as much as I do, you will enjoy their lemon soda.  Hot chocolate is fine but nothing special.  They have a pretty good selection of teas (props for having organic teas!).  I don't drink coffee but according to others, their coffee here is awesome.  Perhaps if I did, this place would get 5 stars from me!         Going back to the friend's house analogy...I wasn't kidding.  A lot of the regulars here greet and chat with the owners like they are family.  People come here to study as they would any coffee shop, but I've also seen people play video games (on their computers) quietly and groups play cards happily.  I wouldn't be surprised if one day I walk in on people having a mini karaoke party.  Haha that's probably too far-fetched...or is it? =P
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,6/26/2013,658,339,3,19,9>It's always a pleasure to see good schools preparing students for a good career. Bella Torre is one of those places. As part of their education, Bella Torre students offer to the community spa services for a deep discount like massage, facial, and waxing.From the moment I first called to book and appointment, the staff was courteous, friendly, and helpful. They offered very detailed directions and instructions prior to my first appointment, and finding their location was fairly easy. I was impressed with the cute lobby area and waiting lounge, which was clean and well-lit.Upon my arrival, I was greeted kindly and taken to the waiting area upstairs. The massage student who helped me that day, Kalama, was excellent. He was extremely knowledgeable, thorough, and conscientious, beginning with a good consult and then checking with me throughout the massage to make sure the amount of pressure was good.After the massage, I browsed the retail area downstairs, which had cosmetics, skin care products, candles, accessories, and much more. The person who was my cashier told me that when returning to try to come on Mondays since they offer a discount. They also have a Yelp check-in offer of 10% off a 1-hour massage or facial.Bella Torre is located in Aiea Shopping Center (corner Kauhale St and Moanalua Rd), lower level, next to Young's Kal-bee. Turn at the driveway for the strip mall with Trina Beauty Supply on the end--it's the same side of the street as the post office. Their hours are Mon-Fri  9am-9pm, Sat  10am-6pm, closed Sunday.Yelp 365 Challenge 221/365
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,6/25/2013,695,1184,7,15,15>Ever since I came back from my trip from New Orleans aka The Big Easy last March 2012, I have yet to try a po boy sandwich. Everything else I had eaten there on my short visit + the Rock n Roll New Orleans Marathon to burn off the calories. The time I spent in New Orleans was great, but I wanted to see if there were southern food options in Honolulu. Enter Yelp. To my satisfaction, there was a small handful of eateries on Oahu that offered good Southern cooking at a reasonable prices. One of these eateries is Kiss my Grits.Located near the University of Hawaii at Manoa on University Ave, I have the hardest time finding where this place was. I even had to read up all the reviews just to see where this place actually was. Initially, I looked nearby at the cluster of restaurants on the opposite side of where I needed to be. finally, I found out where this place was, and felt so relieved. Kiss my Grits is one of those small businesses who prides themselves on cooking good food and sharing them with the community. Good Southern food at reasonable prices.There is plenty of parking here, but be very wary of peak times when everyone else wants to get into that this private parking area for their own deals. I eventually got takeout, but the service here is really spot on and I enjoyed every bit of it. What I really enjoyed was the hush puppies and the oyster po boy which was absolutely great. The coleslaw was pretty good too.Very delicious and it really hit the spot. I wished I could have enjoyed it when I was in New Orleans last year. The prices were a bit extravagant but when I sank that po boy into my mouth, it was well worth it.For dessert, I had the peanut butter brownie. So good!! I don't know what to say but this place has got to be one of the best Cajun / Southern cuisine on this island. I did not get a chance to taste the sweet tea since I was dining out but I am sure it is crazy good. Overall, Kiss My Grits is really awesome and I hope to come back here soon because I'm sure dining in here is crazy too. While the prices were somewhat high, it is well worth coming here for some good old-fashioned Southern cuisine. This place makes me smile. Wouldn't have it any other way.Support local!A+
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,6/24/2013,173,127,4,17,10>GREAT FOOD AT A GREAT PRICEfor me,  thats all I need to know.  When the majority of reviews say the same thing....Im there.Stopped by there after work on Saturday and ordered the Prime Rib and Fried Chicken.  FYI, dont call in your order because they dont make your order until you are there.  I actually prefer that and didnt mind the short wait.Yup,  parking is a challenge but, well worth it.While I was there I noticed that they have take out fried chicken as well.  So, if you gotta go pot luck... stop by and pick up fried chicken from here.  It will be the hit of the party and prices are way better than Zippys or Kentucky.  Only slightly over $1 a piece.Prime Rib was amazing (a huge piece)  and the Fried Chicken....thick and juicy. Just the way I like it. NOW, remember....this is Kalihi.  Dont expect a lot in atmosphere but, you'll get a lot from the food.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,6/23/2013,506,174,10,14,14>SO far I'm really liking this. I hear all my friends and yeeps rave about it so I had to check it out. I went out of the blue last Saturday night with a homie since plans fell through on eating with another buddy at Home Bar. Yea, basically a bro-date with Derrick C. and ran into the other bro, Grant S. which in turn there were more Elite yelpers to run into. Bro-date's are when two single bros with no girls go out and talk story, grub, and dress grimey. Not to my surprise, there were many who were actually dressed really well. And by many I mean truckloads of women. So maybe not a good bro-date spot, haha. (We were gonna roll to Home Bar!)It's like a more direct Eat the Street. Food on one side, businesses along the other and you can make laps around the venue. But along with ETS, you have to deal with the long food lines which is just too easy to gripe about in this "I WANT IT NOW" culture we got. I do want to gripe about the lack of trash cans to cover the stretch of street. I think if the businesses along the street or those who hold #HNLnightmarket lined the middle of the street with more trashcans it'd be more convenient especially with all the food vendors.If you are here to grub pack some wet naps. Sounds nerdy but it'd be worth it because if you are like me, I ran into everyone and their mama. Literally. And I eat. I had Kiawe Pizza, a Burger + Bacon-Wrapped Hot Dog from Beyond Burgers, and an Ono Pop (being sold at R/D). As I was venturing to find a place to throw trash and wash my hands, lo and behold I run into a group of ultra cool peoples that I can awkwardly elbow bump and high five with my forehead. If I had a girlfriend, best believe I've utilized her purse as my storage receptacle complete with dental floss, wetnap, and swiss army knife. You think I'm playing, huh?   One friend described Kakaako as a Chinatown with more money. It's hip, up and coming, so more is in store for this neighborhood. I would consider this a really good spot for a low-key casual date night, or good for a meet up with chill friends. Keep in mind it's not like a Chinatown block party where there are alcohol vendors lining the street. I mean, do we really need to booze up all the time?
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,6/22/2013,38,123,11,18,9>When drooling over friends' pictures of the food served at Vintage Cave, it's easy to feel like this place must be over-hyped and so not worth the money BUT it's not true.  On the one hand, I have no idea why they put a so-called door inside Shirokiya when it's non-functional and employees have no idea where you're supposed to actually go but once you figure out that you need to go down to the dungeon parking where a valet will take your car and you actually enter the space, it's easy to forget the headache it took to find the place.  In what used to be the huge storage room underneath Shirokiya, Vintage Cave is expansive, given the number of diners it's intended to serve each night.  With an impressive art collection lining the walls and a few semi-private dining alcoves adorned with opulent custom-made chandeliers, it's easy to feel like you're part of a private society of sorts.  Everything from the bricks to the furniture is custom-designed and the ambience really does live up to to the idea of this being an extravagant man cave.  Oddly enough, one thing that did bother me a little was that despite the copious amounts of money poured into making this a unique, luxurious experience, the bathroom stall doors were slatted, not solid and there was nary a toto toilet in sight.  I would have expected to find the ultra soundproof stalls you sometimes encounter in Japan with the sound and smell dampeners that allow you to do your business in privacy rather than everyone being able to hear what's going on with you.  Space and money aren't an issue.  Perhaps if the owner was a real estate tycoon-ette instead of a tycoon?On to the food.  The night that I went, there were 26 dishes on the menu, some of which arrived together and some which were served separately, in addition to one or two dishes not on the menu.  Essentially everything is 5 bites or less but the experience is not about stuffing yourself, it's about enjoying the unique presentation and use of ingredients.  The overall quality of the ingredients is great but not excellent.  The preparations on the other hand are innovative and impressive.  Keep in mind that this is a one of a kind experience for Hawaii.  The flavors bounce between Japanese/Pacific Rim and European with a few crossovers and a healthy dose of molecular gastronomy thrown in for good measure.  Service was excellent, although it did fall off after coffee was served.  I would rate my experience a solid 4.5 but for now, I'll round up.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,6/21/2013,776,347,31,55,49>Chez Kenzo... Hmmm... Now what would you think or expect from this place by hearing a name like that... I would soon find out. Chez Kenzo had been on my radar scope ever since their recent opening. Last time I was here, it was still the old Verbano's Italian restaurant. An amazing transformation has taken place and this place has quickly turned into a hip, place to be place! Several good friends of mine had been there before and liked it, so a visit there was in order. One recent Saturday night, the posse and I decided to meet for drinks and dinner and to unwind together... We were not disappointed. Of course, drinks were in order, so when that was out of the way, the journey began. There were six of us and we all ordered whatever each individual wanted to try.Here are some of the items on the menu that captured our taste buds. For starters, ordered some good 'ol steak fries and hiyayakko, cubes of tofu garnished with tuna flakes and green onions. Cream Cheese Poke. Yep. For me, you have to be a hardcore cheese fanatic to appreciate this dish. I was trying to picture in my mind a bunch of chefs brainstorming on what would become the next rage in poke, in other words, what would be the next spicy ahi poke sensation!! I passed on this one. Kabocha and Bacon. Who would think that this combination would taste so good! I can now imagine kabocha being prepared with different meats, fish, pork, etc. Really good. Fried Rock Shrimp. Good stuff, I just wish there was more sauce that came with this dish. Crab Meat Pasta. This was delicious! The pasta was cooked perfect, al dente and the sauce was rich and flavorful...Wafu Hamburger Steak. A winner! Served with mashed potatoes and gravy, I was actually craving a side of rice with gravy all over! Salmon Steak. This delectable dish is served with a creamy sauce and I would definitely order it again. I'm not really a salmon person, but this dish was moist, flaky and the sauce was rich.Ochazuke. The ultimate Japanese comfort food. Served with green tea and a great way to settle the 'ol stomach after a night of drinking and eating oily food! Order it as the last dish.I passed on dessert, but a couple members of the posse indulged in the cheesecake and were delightfully satisfied! Me, I was happy having a few drinks with a great bunch of friends and good food. I had a great time trying innovative dishes, well thought out with the intention of boggling the tastebuds of amateur foodies like myself!  Bravo, Chez Kenzo, I am looking forward to my next journey in taste sensations with you.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,6/20/2013,10,64,6,9,5>I can't believe I haven't written a review for Nonbei yet.  I've been here a bunch of times, including before the ownership changed.  The new owners did an update by rearranging the sushi counter and adding a TV for sports updates, but the food is still the same, awesome.  Oh yeah, they got a better sink in the men's room too.  They have draft beer and a decent selection of sake.  Kubota Manjyu, please!  I almost always order a sashimi omakase, and fresh raw oysters.  If you like karei karaage (flounder), try it here!  It's the one where they fry up the bones to a crisp and you can eat them like yummy fish bone flavored potato chips!  The service is always fast and friendly.  The Sushi Chef is a bit serious-looking.  He is friendly too, but he's always working so dang hard.  The restaurant is pretty small, but it's always warm and welcoming.  It's clean and casual.  Yes, the parking lot is tiny, so you might have to street park and walk, but in all the times I've been here (guessing more than 12 times), I probably did that 2 times.I actually used to love strolling into this place at about 9-930 and sitting at the counter without a reservation.  But with all of their hot deals ($25 for $50), the place is always packed and you must call ahead!  I'm happy for them, but sad for me.  I don't care... I'll still go back!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,6/19/2013,352,191,12,10,13>It's a doughnut! It's a malasada! Everyone will disagree on what Kamehameha Bakery's glazed poi doughnuts are really called, but everyone will agree that they're frickn delicious. Say goodbye to Krispy Kreme doughnuts and Leonard's malasadas because think of the two combined...but 1000 times better and there you have it...a poi doughnut from Kam Bakery. I remember when one of our coworkers brought a dozen of these into work for the staff, it was like the BEST day. Everyone was trying to eat just half, cause you know how girls are, trying to watch their figures. I think everyone gave up on eating just half immediately right after they finished the first half. The week after, I was running to Kam Bakery to pick up another dozen of these wonderfully delicious sweet treats.Kamehameha Bakery is definitely a bit hard to find if you don't know exactly where it is. Located off School and Houghtailing, there's no big sign to lead you to the store front. Just keep your eyes wide open for the window and park behind the building for your hand at what is probably the BEST doughnut or malasada, whatever you want to call these fried balls of sugary goodness, I've ever had. In fact you can get a dozen of these for like...less than 10 dollars. Seriously, don't be fooled by how they look. If I saw a bunch of these lying on my table, and I didn't know what they were...I would've never touched them. I honestly think it's a secret for whoever bought them to make sure no one else touches them. But TOO BAD, cause if you ever leave these lying on my table, they'll be gone and you wouldn't even know what happened to them until you saw the crumbs of glazed sugar all over my clothes. I remember the last time I came here and the lady in front of me was a little indecisive on what to order because she didn't know what to get. I just whispered...get the poi doughnuts...it's the best thing they have! she's probably thanking me right now. Hah!I really hate the fact that these little balls are so delicious because 1. Kam Bakery is like a 3 minute drive from my house...and 2. Because of that, it will totally ruin the fact that I just started going back to the gym. But seriously. It's worth the extra hour at the gym. I really gotta try this place out for a midnight snack though. I bet the poi doughnut will be a million times better when they open at 2 in the morning when it's hot and fresh!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,6/18/2013,209,95,11,10,11>Egg puffs are awesome. Most of the bubbles are filled with a moist, gooey, milky/custard something, and then you have the marginal puffs (societal reference) that are empty, but crunchy on the outside.  Not too bad for around 3 bucks.  It's fresh off the waffle iron thingamabob, so it's a "warm dessert" (if you're really my friend, you'll know that I love warm desserts, if only for the heat they've stolen from my being).I want to quote some Jules Verne, but I don't have anything relatable to boba/tapioca pearl balls.  Hence, I'll just say Cafe de Tim's balls are pretty much close-to-perfect  (chewy enough, gooey enough, soft enough, and tasty enough ... almost like a successful online hookup).  It's in the Mauna Kea Market Place. The bird flu/SARS is so last year, so get over yourself, set off into the ultimate sensory adventure to try this place out.  There are many fruit flavors, milk teas and iced or blended beverages to try, but I will caution you that the "best Hong Kong milk tea" that's been spoken of tastes like any other milk tea I've tried.  God Bless you and let's hope Sarah Palin never comes back to Hawaii.  That bitch didn't like UH-Manoa!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,6/17/2013,145,143,9,10,10>Bacon!  Sorry ChadLou's, it's not the coffee or your wonderful desserts that draws me in.....it's the Bacon!  More specifically it's the BLT bagel sandwich. Top it off with a slice of avocado and it's perfect:yelp.com/biz_photos/chad…yelp.com/biz_photos/chad…My husband likes the Turkey BLT:yelp.com/biz_photos/chad…They also have a good selection of waffles, frittatas, fruit, yogurt, cereals and toast, and their famous ice cream sandwiches.  I'm not a coffee drinker, so I drink their ice grinds which is my dessert and more like a shake, served in a cute mason jar:yelp.com/biz_photos/chad…Chad Lou's has a nice, comfortable, relaxing atmosphere.  It's the kind of place you don't want to tell anyone else about for fear it might become too crowded or noisy, where you can sit on one of their comfy couches or people watch outside.yelp.com/biz_photos/chad…31 Yelp Challenge: #17/31
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,6/16/2013,37,176,6,14,10>Arancinos is tops in my book for an Italian restaurant on Waikiki Beach.The restaurant and bar seating areas are small, though for lunch on a Wednesday (when we went there) there was ample seating though about 12 other customers dining and having drinks.My wife and I sat at a table in the bar area near the entrance.  This was our choice of seating and not forced on us.  That was nice.  I don't like to sit next to a high traffic entrance and never near a restroom.  This was a fine table.Our waiter was also the bartender.  He was a nice man, as was the other staff member women.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their jobs and treated us very well.  We didn't go without a drink or other assistance for more than 5 minutes.  Very attentive staff.We ordered some drinks to cool off from the warm January sun and we had walked for a while, so this was a welcome break.  The Vodka Martini I ordered was just as I requested: 3 olives and shaken.  My wife had the "Italian Surfer" with Malibu Coconut Rum, Pineapple juice, and Amaretto) for $8.  She also found it to be very satisfying.  The bartender (Sean) was very skilled at what he does (his craft) and is a nice man.We ordered the "Spaghetti Con Tobiko E Calamari" and I ordered a "Margherita Pizza".  While we waited a few minutes for the meal, we were served two wonderful pieced of "fresh baked Focaccia bread" which was enjoyed with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  The bread was thick though soft.  Kind on my teeth and palate.  Delicious snack while awaiting our main course.  Additionally, while waiting for our main course to arrive, we were served a delicious bowl of "Tomato Bisque" soup.  It tasted homemade and went very well with the bread.My second drink was a double bourbon, which was $8 for a single and $4 extra for a double.  It was a nice pour, and I enjoy my bourbon neat, so it was enough to almost fill the glass.  A note: they didn't have Wild Turkey Bourbon or Jim Beam.  They serve "Makers Mark".  Top shelf only and a very pleasant surprise.When the meal arrived, we were very happy.  We took photos of everything (which I will post here on Yelp!).  I tried my wife's pasta and it was SO GOOD.  She also tried my pizza and agreed it was something very special.  I must say that the pizza, though made for one, was large for me and I had 2 pieces left over to bring back to my room to enjoy later in the night.The cost was $17.95 for the pizza and pasta each HOWEVER, if you happen to be a resident of Hawaii (Kamaaina), just show your ID and it becomes only $10 each meal.  We saved $16 on our meal.  What a deal!!!I have nothing negative to report about this dining experience.  The staff, food, drink, and atmosphere were all great and we will surly return again on our next special occasion.  If you happen to be looking for a delicious dining experience, this is the place to go.  5-Stars all the way.  Trust me, you will not be disappointed.If you happen to like my review, please click on the "Useful" button after this posted review so I know if someone happened to like it.  Enjoy!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,6/15/2013,76,181,,14,5>I mean, where else in Hawaii can you go to smoke hookah besides going to a friends house??I used to go to the location on Waialae but they moved to the old E-topia on Beretania, right next to Champions. This location is way better since its closer to my house. The lounge itself is interesting.. There's a lanai with a tent to block the rain with several tables set up for guests. They have bigger rooms for parties of 6 or more that you can use as well. The workers there are very on it. It wasn't that crowded, my bf and I managed to scoop the last table and before we could sit, they were bringing a hookah, we already knew what flavor we wanted and within a few minutes, our bowl was loaded and coals were hot.It's ten dollars and hour to rent the hookah and the shisha ranges from $7-$10 dollars depending on type and flavor. Chill place, BYOB, they check ID at the door so yeah.. and they have live music.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,6/14/2013,319,298,4,9,7>I absolutely love cupcake wars, who doesn't? Its such an amazing show but I never thought I would be able to try cupcakes from one of the winners! My excitement overflowed when I saw the sign as we were walking around waikiki! I freaked out to say the least! I walked into the one downtown right as they were closing, so they didn't have any cupcakes available, to my happy surprise a couple days later while browsing pearl ridge, I saw a hokulani store front! YAY! I've been in here several times and the cupcakes that have stuck out to me are theSalted caramel - soo delicious! The salt was def. there are the caramel was so smooth and yummy! I had to lick my fingers twice! Lilikoi Cupcake w/ Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting is their best cupcake by far. Maybe i'm a little biased since I love Lemon AND lilikoi and i've never thought to combine them together. The cake itself was light, fluffy and moist. Just the way a cupcake should be! And the lemon cream cheese was just tarty and sweet enough to compliment the cake!I can see why they won cupcake wars! I love their products and I Can't wait to go back and try more cupcakes!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,6/13/2013,478,366,12,12,11>Yelp 365 Challenge #156/365My husband and I chose this restaurant at a random when we had comp tickets to watch "The Shaolin Warriors" and it was a great experience. No, wait--it was an EPIC experience. See? It's that word Epic that leaves it rolling around in my mind thinking of the different slangs of yesteryears..."That was way cool""Totally awesome""Too freakin' rad"Now, there are the words of today: "epic", "beast", or "sick"And this is exactly what Restaurant Epic is....all those words combined...From service, ambiance, food,...O to the M to the G... I am in love with their Braised Shorts RIbs N Mac! It is THE perfect comfort food not just on rainy days but sunshine days too.I have found a liking to brussel sprouts because this is part of their Angus Rib Eye plate that my husband ordered.As we savored our food and basked in the quiet early evening with the sun streaming lazily in as electronica played in the background, it makes you feel so...urban suavéShare the chocolate decadence with your honey and take a walk around the block viewing the different art and scenery after your EPIC experience...You won't regret it especially because the prices are just too...too reasonable. Another EPIC thing to rave about Restaurant Epic!Customer service? Very friendly and non-intrusive. They have a flat screen by the bar side of the restaurant and will inquire if you prefer seating on that side to watch games and if not, they'll seat you on the opposite side of the restaurant. Ambiance: modern with a quiet atmosphere to where you don't realize that there are other dining tables close to you. There is also a room off to the side that are probably for group reservations (Note: You can reserve a table on Yelp)Recommendation: I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who is in the downtown area looking for an "American / Asian" flair of a restaurant. I guarantee...you'll have an EPIC time.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,6/12/2013,577,251,24,15,13>We tried a new place for lunch today:   Blue Teppanyaki House Oppan Gangnam Style Gangnam Style...The food was good and not overpriced.Op op op op Oppan Gangnam Style Gangnam Style...The dinning room was comfortable, and the service was very friendly.Op op op op Oppan Gangnam Style... Entertainment was provided via a big screen TV that played PSY videos in an endless loop.Eh- Sexy Lady Op op op op Oppan Gangnam Style...I'll be back to Blue Teppanyaki House in spite of the fact it forever be associated in my mind with this damn song!Eh- Sexy Lady Op op op op eh eh eh eh eh eh eh Oppan Gangnam Style
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,6/11/2013,253,315,6,7,4>You crave mochi? Come here! It's a little expensive but it's worth it! This place is tucked away in Pearl City. If you try to get directions to this place using the yelp app it'll bring you to some neighborhood in Pearl City. This place is located under Buzz's steakhouse and right next to Napa Auto Parts.When you walk in immediately you smell lillikoi which I absolutely love!! There are tons of things for sale. They have Hawaiian Chocolate, jam, spreads and little Hawaiian gifts that you can take home with you if you are from the mainland. I think that my family would like the stuff here better than the commecial souveneirs I have been bringing home. But anyays. With all the other reviews I thought there was going to be more mochi. Nope just a refridgerator with maybe ten packages of mochi. Right next to it there is another refridgerator that holds water and Wailua soda. (Root beer was my favorite flavor!) If their mochi wasn't SOOO GOOD I would give this place two stars but after eating this mochi I'm giving it four stars.The mochi is a bit expensive. It's about 6 bucks for two mochi's and 7 bucks for an assortment pack. Now after my big island trip and my missed chance to go to two ladies kitchen I jumped on the chance to get fresh strawberry mochi. It was awesome. The mochi was chewy and the strawberry inside was amazing. Too bad I ended up getting an allergic reaction to it :( (Azuki beans and I do not get along). I also ended up getting an assortment pack which had lillikoi cheesecake mochi, peanut butter mochi and chocolate haupia mochia. All of them were amazing and delicous. I'm not really sure if I'm going to be coming back here just because I am allergic to their strawberry mochi. But I do suggest you come here because their mochi is awesome!!! Too bad they don't have butter mochi :(
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,6/10/2013,334,330,6,12,11>In keeping with my coworkers tradition of Pho Wednesday, we went on a quest to try a new pho place for the new year.  There are a bunch of Vietnamese places in chinatown and downtown also with "Saigon" in the name, but I think this one is going to the top of the list.The place is roomy (in comparison to some other cramped noisy pho places where your elbows bang the table behind you while you eat), air conditioning, and is elevated above the street level.  I have no idea the purpose of this, but it's interesting.  The pho broth was delicious and not too heavy on the cardamom or overpowered by cinnamon like some places and they gave a heaping pile of super fresh veggies.  I love fresh basil and some places give you one or two stalks and here we got a huge handful.  Wow, generous.I ordered the regular with everything (tripe, raw beef, meatball, tendon) which was about 7.50 and there is also a large size on the menu for a dollar more.  It was a lot of noodles and goodies inside.  I was surprised I was so full and not finished!I'd say this is one of my new favorites.  I'm ready to go back and it's only Thursday.Pho Wednesday Review #1
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,6/9/2013,483,369,3,8,7>Wow, both times I've been here I have been pleasantly surprised the Pad Thai noodles were good which belies it's looks as it looks like normal blah noodles NOT SO, it was very delicately seasoned and just right. Both the Green and Yellow curries are great a bit soupy looking but the flavor is right there. I really like the rotisserie chicken which is also nicely seasoned. Here is a place if I closed my eyes while sitting on the concrete planter area outside and ate my food I would think I was in a finer Thai restaurant, although the fried and rotisserie chicken is a $1 more the plate lunches are $6 for two choices and $7 for three choices which is actually a pretty good deal for a plate lunch now days as most places are $8 and up.The Owner is extremely pleasant and always seems to have a lot of enthusiasm which is nice to see (better than those grumpy  places) Because of the good food and great service and attitude this is one of my more favorite places to eat in Downtown.I would recommend going here. Because of the whole experience of going here each time I have to give them 5 stars!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,6/8/2013,438,680,8,11,10>I made the mistake of greeting the waitress in Chinese as we strolled in.  Within seconds, I revoked all my street cred when I missed what she said and had this puzzled expression on my face...prompting her to speak to me in English.  Ahhhh, my parents failed in raising this Chinese girl :pActually, my Chinese friend had told me to go here for dim sum.  So go we did and while it wasn't quite the dim sum experience I'm used to (no carts pushed around, just a menu on the wall)-I have to admit that the food at Tai Pan Dim Sum was good.  I did not care for the mochi rice, but I was particularly impressed with their shrimp har gow.  Also, the carrot like mochi thing intrigued me but we were too full to try it.  Next time :)  P.S.  Go early.  We did and were seated immediately.  This place gets packed by mid-morning.  You usually see swarms of people waiting outside Tai Pan for a table.P.S.S.  One thing I do know about Chinese dim sum is that when your teapot is empty, you simply flip the lid over place it back on the teapot.  This will signal the staff to refill your tea ;) P.S.S.S. This is the first restaurant I've been to where there is a sign in front of the fish tank that the koi are for sale.  I can't decide if this is a stroke of genius or ghettoness :p
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2012,6/7/2013,183,197,6,10,6>Like I've said it before, I'll say it again...*insert movie quote* (Man, I love being a turtle). I'm easy to please when it comes to kicking back and having a few cold ones. Good food, good drinks at a good prices. Laid back atmosphere, good company and service I don't have to track down to keep my drink filled. Brandy's for me is just that.Go-To-Plus-1 Sly and I always (as you may already know) love to drink & eat, so we're always looking for new places to check out after a long day of work. So when it came to drinking she suggested this spot cause it was close to our job, and it's now become a part of our HH rotation.We've worked at the Stadium Mall for almost a year and never knew this place existed. The windows are blocked out with fliers and so are the doors. They are located a few shops away from the entrance to Ice Palace. The bar is dark; but not to the point you can't see the menu. You know a place has a local feel when you enter when all you see are tables full of neon shirts & green bottles. (construction workers). The noise level nice, I can hear Sly as well as the bar music without anything her yelling and me feeling like I'm in a some club.We've tried: Deep Fried Mushrooms which come with 3 types of dipping sauce. Ranch, wasabi Mayo, and what looks like their own special mix. It's a mound of mushroom and deep fried yumminess. You gotta love options! With 3 choices of dipping sauce how could you NOT like at least one.The Frenchie's, which is basically a french dip sandwich with au jus sauce. Their au jus sauce isn't the usual run of the mill soupy consistency I'm use to, it's a tab bit thicker, which allows the bread to absorb but not fall apart. Fantastic.Quesidilla: Simple. Easy. Sour Cream. Salsa. Guac. yummy!We usually sit at the bar tables; located around pool table, following the bar toward the back. We've always been greeted, asked for what we'd like to drink, and given the menu with in a few minutes of seating. We've been there a handful of times, and only once was the service a bit "off". This is due to the fact Thursday is Biker Night. We've come to know not to go on biker night, it's packed and not really our cup of tea...(scratch that, it's not our "shot of jack". hee hee)
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,6/6/2013,208,99,,18,10>This is the second time visiting this hiking trail and I honestly was worried because the last time was quite difficult (I was out of shape).  LOCATION:  Trail located at the end of Komo Mai drive in Pacific Palisades, you cant get lost if you just follow simple directions via google maps, its just off of Waimano home road.  Limited street parking, just like all hiking trails, and secure your valuables.  The WAIMANO FALLS trail is located on the right fork, can't really miss it as there is a sign that points to the direction of the falls, and the Koolau summit to the LEFT fork.  At that point, the falls is approximately 1 3/4 miles.  If you get lost, you can always rely on the PINK marker trails located on trees throughout the trail.  Also pay close attention to the overturned water bottles on top of tree branches which also serves as trail markers.  And of course common sense, follow the stream... if you hear water, you are probably near.PREP: Hiking shoes, generous amounts of water, snacks as this hike is about 3 hours, average extra clothes if you are gonna swim in the waterfall and maybe a set of extra slippers and/or wipes as this trail can get very muddy after/during rainfall.  Oh, and bring a ziploc or plastic bag if you wanna take home some yummy mountain apple or sweet guava :)DIFFICULTY: Hike took us about 3 miles round trip, and we got a little lost because we ended up at a camp site, and not at the top of the falls, so we had to back track a little.  The worst part of the hike is probably the trek back, as the steps can be quite steep and CARDIAC or HEART ATTACK HILL can be quite tiresome for the weak (like me).  The trail compensates by having lots of support with tree roots and branches to pull yourself upon.  SCENERY:  Mostly forest, and majority of the hike is shaded.  Enjoy the mountain apples and ripe guava along the trail! Its YUMMY!  The waterfall is spectacular, and the water is fairly clear, especially after fresh rainfall.  There are rope guides that help you pull yourself up or down the steep rocks to the waterfall pool edge.  Very serene.OVERALL: I would definitely visit this trail again, although I would avoid this place after rainfall, as we got pretty muddy on the trail...
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,6/5/2013,283,199,4,10,7>Good food, DELICIOUS drinks!!!A modern, hip, yet casual up-scale bar, Salt is the perfect blend of comfort and quality.  They have happy hour specials on drinks, but generally the drinks can be pricy here.  I guess for a reason though, since everything I've had has been very unique and delicious!  If you can handle a bit of spice, you MUST try the lilikoi and jalapeno shot!  Pureed lilikoi with jalapeno essence to give this super fresh-tasting shot a nice kick!  So refreshing, unique, and delicious!  Salt also serves this Father Damien beer from Belgium (I'm not sure what the actual name is), and it's probably the BEST-tasting beer I've ever had.  Fruity, flavorful, delicious, it tastes like juice! (I can barely taste any alcohol)For food, we ordered off the happy hour menu: Edamame "guac" - $5 - yelp.com/biz_photos/salt…Fingerling potatoes - $5 - yelp.com/biz_photos/salt…Kim chee grilled cheese - $5 - yelp.com/biz_photos/salt…Jidori chicken - $6 - yelp.com/biz_photos/salt…Not really wowed by any of the dishes, though I do give props for the interesting mix of flavors and ingredients.  Overall, I'd describe the food as very quality; kind of reminds me of the food at Stage Restaurant or Tsunami's, but for a cheaper price.  At only about $5 per dish, it's very affordable, but portions are pretty small.I'll definitely be back to try more food items!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,6/4/2013,145,245,3,12,8>Wow, this place is amazing.  We had the hardest time coming here as it was always booked or full.  Reservations are a must but will take only for parties of 4 or more.  The best shot would be to go at 5:15 PM and be the first one there, you may be seated at the bar or at the lone table for two.  Food highlights:Crostini Al Porcini ($8) - the taste of the porcini mushrooms really came through which is perfectly blended with garlic and mozzarella cheese on toasted bread.  Could use a touch of tomato although it's not tradtionally added.Cioppino di Pesce ($22)- awesome dish!  This is the Italian version of seafood stew in a tomato base, comes with generous portions of fish, clams, shrimp, mussells, and squid.  The soup is perfectly favored, with a diverse mix of various spices including capers.  Comes with toasted bread with pesto.Trenette Norcina ($17) - pasta, sauce and sausage was homemade.  Was a great dish but I thought it could be a little rich and wouldn't recommend it if you like light dishes.Tiramisu ($7) - very light and fluffy but had the substance and not too sweet.  This is the best the tiramisu I've ever had.  I'm not accepting this from the ordinary chain restaurants any more!You should be a little patient with the service as there is only one waitress serving the whole restaurant.  Also, the food won't come out fast as everything is cooked to order (nothing pre-made as you can hear and smell the food the chef is making).  Coming to lunch here is not recommended unless you can spare more than one hour.  Prices are reasonable.Highly recommended and eager to try more dishes!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,6/3/2013,210,202,,20,3>I found this place by a series of unfortunate events. A yelp search for eyelash extensions in the Aiea area gave me two results: Eni's and Salon C. Eni never called me back, but I was able to make an appt with Cindy at Salon C.  So there I was, lying comfortably on the table with my eyes taped up, excitedly anticipating my new look when Cindy tells me her eyelash glue has dried up.  I wanted to cry! She was nice enough to give me a referral and I was able to get a next day appointment with Leina at Beautiful Soul, located next to Roy Sakuma's studio in Aiea. That appointment went off without a hitch and I walked out with a beautiful set of synthetic lashes ($170 for the set and $50 for fills).  She also offers faux mink lash extensions ($275 for the set and $85 for fills) which are more expensive but lighter and longer, I think. The set took about an hour and I fell asleep probably within the first 10 minutes, so the cost covers a nap too! How awesome is that?  :)  Leina is wonderful and answered all my questions. My lashes came out much thicker and longer, but still very natural looking. I loved her transformation of my lashes!  I was told I'll need to go for fills every 3-4 weeks.  I sure hope it lasts that long. I've been really careful this week and I'm getting used to the extra care I have to take. But it's so worth it! It has saved me a lot of time getting ready in the morning since I don't have to mess with any eye makeup. I am loving it!She also sells eye makeup remover pads just for eyelash extensions which is perfect because you aren't supposed to use any oil based makeup remover.  Leina is currently running a couple of specials so hurry and book an appointment!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,6/2/2013,121,79,2,16,5>First of all, let me say "Taste Tea" is a very clever name. It definitely caught my attention. I went in today because I wanted to see just how good other reviewers made it out to be. Parking is kind of bad. They are located next to a used car lot, Auto X-change. There's a LOT of parking with a LOT of cars. Therefore, when we got there, we could only find one parking stall right in front of the store. We got lucky but in any other circumstances, street parking or Ala Moana is the next option. I didn't know what to expect upon seeing the exterior of the store because it's tinted and I couldn't really make out what was inside. First impression, it was really warm and empty, the two A/Cs there may not be enough to circulate around their huge store. The menu is pretty extensive with a lot of authentic options you would normally find in Asia. My friend ordered first but because it's their soft opening, all the coffee drinks are not available yet as well as the ice cream milk tea. You have two options for tapioca, mini or regular. Friend wanted mini but they ran out because the guy said they make it fresh.The good thing about this place is, like Asia, they ask you how sweet you want your drink. This really helps to satisfy those with an immense sweet tooth and others who like it a bit more subtle. What makes it even more interesting is they give you samples at the bar of your drink and ask you if it's sweet enough. You can choose to keep it as is or ask them to add more sugar. I think that's really nice of them but I can imagine this process getting a bit hectic once it becomes really busy so we'll see how long they can keep it up.Tapioca Milk Tea ($4): Their milk tea is pretty good, tastes like any other milk tea. Tapioca was decently good as well. I think when it comes down to it, it's all about pricing here in Hawaii, I think $4 is pretty cheap. Tapioca was nice and chewy.Taiwan Melon Tea Latte ($3.50): I actually liked this a lot. It tastes really milky, not a whole lot of melon accents but I kind of like it like that. It was nice and refreshing and it wasn't heavy. Taiwan Melon Spring Tea ($3.50): This is the drink I ordered because I wanted something refreshing. Although the Taiwan Melon syrup they used in the tea latte was pretty good, it was just average with the Spring Tea. I didn't really care for it and probably wouldn't order it again. I don't think the melon syrup and spring tea mix really well. I felt like something was missing, maybe more sweetness on my behalf. Overall, it was an okay experience. Staff was nice and friendly but I would appreciate more enthusiasm when people come and go. When we left, the 3 behind the counter were talking amongst themselves except for one that noticed we were leaving and said bye. I think this place would really be awesome if a few of these things were improved:-Assigned parking spaces especially for Taste Tea-Decoration (although it may be improved for grand opening). I think sofas and curtains would definitely make this a go to place to hang out. -WI-FI (the sole reason people visit any specialty drink store)-Better customer service-Have a scale for the sweetness level. When you ask us how sweet we want it, I don't really know how to react. It would be nice if we can visually see or know the difference.Definitely some areas to improve but I would definitely come back and be more than happy to adjust my review. I would have given three stars but since it's their soft opening, I'll be a bit more lenient. This place has a lot of potential. Welcome OFFICIALLY to Yelp. =)
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,6/1/2013,605,309,6,12,9>OMG! Am I back in Viet Nam?? Where and when did this Vietnamese desserts drink pop up from?? Except for being a hella a lot cleaner and service being a hella a lot friendlier than in Viet Nam, the dessert drinks here are just like the ones I had in Viet Nam!!Except for LA, SF and San Jose, California, pretty much no where in America serves Vietnamese dessert drinks or anything close to it. In addition to Vietnamese dessert drinks, this place also has Vietnamese coffee (super strong and rich) and your regular boba varieties! On my first visit here, I got the plain Jasmine Green Milk Tea with boba. I had to try the staple before venturing out to the rest of the menu. I have to say that the Jasmine Green Milk Tea wasn't up to my par. The Jasmine Green milk tea was too watered down. But I decided to give this place another try since this place has so much on their menu. I figured that it was only fair. On my second visit, I ordered the Black Milk Tea with boba. This was a lot better. The drink was more dense. Although Black tea is not as aromatic as Jasmine Green tea usually is, I prefer their Black Milk Tea here.On my next visit with a friend, who was new to this place, I convinced her to try the Vietnamese dessert drinks. We each ordered a different item. We ordered the #2 (variety beans combo) and the #6 (vegetarian variety combo). We basically picked what had the most toppings in the drink!Both were winners!!!Did I mention the price? So in Viet Nam, the price for each drink would probably be about US $0.10 - US $0.20 but here, it's $2.95 for milk tea, $4.50 for dessert drinks. A bit price increase but hey, we also live in a 1st world country, not 3rd world. So, very cheap for Hawaii.Let me clarify that this is not Halo Halo (Filipino dessert with ice), nor Taiwanese shave ice, nor Hawaiian shave ice. This place serves Vietnamese dessert drinks! Get it right! ;)
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,5/31/2013,262,145,13,18,14>I finally made it to Lucky Belly. I was with a very large group and got to try several things.Fresh Greens - It was...a salad. I can't say much more about that.Shishito Peppers - These were sent over gratis along with shots of sake - I guess it's nice to have friends who work in the restaurant industry. They were nothing fancy but had a good flavor.  Duck Lumpia - These were good but not outstanding. I like duck. :)Pork Belly Bao - Fair at best, probably because I don't like pickles or cilantro (which I plucked out). Even then, this just tasted like something I could have thrown together with some steamed buns, roast pork, and hoi sin purchased in Chinatown.Togarashi Spiced Beef Tartare - My favorite dish of the night. I really like raw meat and quail eggs, and the accompanying toasts were yummy.Beast Bowl - I was heavily influenced by all the Yelp reviews that suggested I order this in favor of the Belly Bowl. I think I would have enjoyed it more if I wasn't so full from all that beef tartare! It was tasty and full of meat. I'm glad I chose this one over the more popular Belly Bowl, as I think it has better quality meat.A beet salad was also ordered, but I did not get a chance to try this. I'm guessing it was good, though. All in all, I felt Lucky Belly was very reasonably priced, and it's nice to have another spot to eat at in downtown. Recommended.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,5/30/2013,230,197,9,12,11>The quality of the food is just top notch, for work lunch plate standards.  However, there's a part of me that doesn't want to go there because the servers/owners are not the friendliest of people in town.  I asked the main server if I could see the eggplant curry the other day and she kind of brusquely told me the picture is on the wall, duh (the picture was behind me).  She didn't say duh but she made me feel, uh, duh.  The cashier lady barely talks unless spoken to.    I know it's not personal.  I think that's just the way they are.  I don't know whether they are shy, aloof, introverted, whatever.  I'm not saying it's anything necessarily bad because I can be like that and one of my kids can be like that.  But as for service at a busy lunch plate place in downtown, I would expect a little more warmth and friendliness.  That all said, it doesn't overcome my desire to eat their tasty creations because it's high quality, fresh ingredients and done very nicely, with style too.  The food itself is always the thing, bottom line, isn't it?  Just prepare yourself for the notion that you will have to be the friendly person in this relationship, haha.  Duh, right?
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,5/29/2013,246,383,4,15,9>Best Thai food on the island period.Not only do they serve tasty food, their food is very inexpensive. Pad Thai and Massaman curry dishes came out to be just a little over 20 bucks.Massaman Curry - There is a reason why CNN considers this as the most delicious food in the world. Full of different flavors, this has got to be the best curry I've ever tasted. Make sure get it with beef as the pieces of beef are huge. You may want to get another order of sticky rice too.Pad Thai - Best pad thai I've ever had. Every part of the dish was fresh, including the bean sprouts. You can tell it is NOT from those bags you see at the super markets. Overall, the service was quick and friendly! They even serve real Thai Red Bull there if you ask!100 Reviews, 1 Day 47/100January 12, 2013
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,5/28/2013,266,263,19,16,12>It was 1AM and we rushed from a show just to eat here. At first, they were gonna turn us away because the kitchen was supposedly closed but then we shouted out "WE HAVE MONEY!" and Mama san heard that loud and clear and brought us in. First off, this place is so damn nifty. It's bright, it smells good (like food, not FRIED), clean, and must I say that their marketing is on point!We chose to go with the premium combo cause there was six of us and chose the Kimchee soup and the Bean Paste soup (supposedly like miso). At first talking about the soup was boring me to death until I tasted it. SOUP FOR EVERYONE!!! It was full of flavor, hot, and just hitting all the right places.Did I mention Mama San cooked for us? I felt like I was visiting my Korean friend's house or something. She constantly filled up my bowl with delicious meats and I kept wanting to say "MAY I PLEASE HAVE S'MORE?!"Oh yeah, take note of the corn and cheese. Thank me later.I love that the food tastes...for lack of a better word, clean. I don't feel guilty for eating it because the meat has great quality and it's fresh. It has fat in the right places but it doesn't over power the actual meat sections (hope y'all enjoy my stellar writing). Best part was that you were chewing tire rubber when you ate it. It practically melted in your mouth.I kept eating the salad (wtf is wrong with me? What is this salad?) because the dressing was vinegar-y (my paboriteeee!) the kimchee was super on point, not too spicy and pickled mmmm! Oh yeah warning, they have those Korean flat metal chopsticks that my fat sausage fingers can't seem to get a handle on. I think my favorite part of this restaurant is that you (and your clothes) don't smell like you worked a shift frying up french fries in hot oil at McDonald's. They have this Flight of the Navigator lookin' vacuum tube thing that sucks up all the smokes and smells so that you can properly enjoy the food.So down to come back.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,5/27/2013,379,443,7,15,11>This has been on my list of hikes to do for a long time. Ever since seeing David Chat's post on Unreal Hawaii about it unrealhawaii.com/2011/05… I've been determined to hike this undeniably unreal hike on Schofield Barracks. Don't worry, you won't need a pass to get onto base. Just enter through Lyman Gate with your id, insurance, and car registration. Ask for directions to Kolekole Pass Road, which is about a 10 minute drive from the entrance. Park your car in the parking lot with the 'Warning Dangerous Trails Ahead' signs. The trail will start immediately. Follow the wooden steps up and you'll soon pass a huge Kolekole Rock. Keep walking till you pass a cell phone tower. Walk to the right of the tower and take a LEFT in the next fork in the road and then another LEFT in the next fork. You'll soon come out to a clearing where there is a meadow, walk to the end of this to see some spectacular views. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Go back to the beginning of the field and find the trail that will lead you into the woods. Follow the pink trail markers. David Chat and his crew went up a steep short slope so we followed suit, and came out to a forest of paper bark trees. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Next up: the fun part, the 2 notches. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Yes you will be climbing those so get ready to work them glutes. The first notch is a little daunting from afar but don't worry there is a safe path with ropes on the far left side. Remember this is your way to go UP & DOWN. The only reason I say this is because you don't want to be like my dear friend Dan M. and end up going down like this. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Daring? Yes. Dangerous? Yes. But good news, he made it even with his Vans on. But in all seriousness please be careful. The second ledge is a little hairy since there is no rope or anything to help support you up the notch. Just make sure your footing is solid before making any moves because if you don't, well lets just say it won't be a good day. After you pass the two notches its pretty much all uphill climbing so don't expect to take a break till you reach the top which took about 30 minutes after climbing over the 2nd ridge. Once you see this sign, you know you are close. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Follow the gate and soon you'll be so glad you woke up early and drove all the way to the North Shore to go on this hike. I've been on my share of hikes but Pu'u Hapapa has one of the best 360 degrees views yelp.com/user_local_phot… It was so serene up at the top I could have stayed there all day and just hung out. Even through the clouds you could see all the way to Diamond Head and downtown. I'd rate this an advanced intermediate hike which should be on every hikers list. Nothing beats a 4 hour round trip hike that gives you some EPIC views and gets you out of town. Plus you are close to the North Shore so you can cool down with some shave ice after.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,5/26/2013,783,555,18,16,16>Morio's is not just about the food, it's a freakin' experience! I had the 8:30pm seating and didn't leave til almost midnight! It was such a blast!Tips & Recommendations:*There are only two seatings: First one at 6:30 (I think) & second one at 8:30pm. I highly recommend the 8:30 seating because 1) the 6:30 one you have a time limit and can only stay for 2 hours. 2) 8:30 gets personal ;)*It's a tiny ass restaurant that can only accomodate ~20 people (only 4 at the bar) so make your reservations a month or so in advance*If you can, sit at the bar so you can have more of a one-on-one interaction with Morio*BYOB and share with Morio and his staff! *Get the omakase - we had fried ahi rib cage, sashimi platter with live lobster, lobster miso soup, sake clams, nigiri plate (toro, uni, aji, salmon), and ankimo. I was soooooo stuffed! He offered ice cream but I could not do it.*If you're a boy, bring a lady! You get bonus points ;)*Prices are so reasonable! For two of us our bill was only $93!*Know the Gangnam Style dance. That is all ;)
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,5/25/2013,297,159,15,19,16>This place was hard to find... For me. After driving around only seeing Sam Choy's and Aloha Beer. I wrote to Rod U.  "Where is Eat??!!!! I drove passed twice and I didn't see it!" I had thought it had closed or something! He said, "it's on the other side of the road!" OMG! I. Am. A. Moron! Of coarse I don't look on both sides! Who knew it would be in the Design Center!?      When I finally got to Eat I thought the space was really unique. It is quiet and open air concept. Everything about the place has a special feel to it, from the chalk board menu, open kitchen views, the patio where you consume the freshly prepared delicacies, to the one private dining room for special parties; this place feels satisfying. Good energy!       Since this was my first time here and I was with the BF we went crazy! We both got our own sandwiches. I got the apples and oranges panini ($9), which was salty with the sugar spice bacon and ham, tangy with the pimento cheese mixed with orange, and sweet with the slices of apples! He got the Surf n Turf Burger ($12). I thought it was delicious, so did he but he also thought it was a little well done :-/ However, it was still flavorful with the soft shell crab battered and fried and that Kauai beef. We ALSO got TWO sides each! For $5 you get your choice of two sides! We got the Quinoa Salad, Roasted Potatoes, Sugar Spice Bacon, and Polenta Fries! There was nothing I was unsatisfied with! The Quinoa Salad really feels healthy and lightened the load of all that food we ate. The Polenta Fries were a nice change from your normal potato :D This place is definitely somewhere I want to go back to soon!****Here Are Some Tips When Eating Here!****-If you are hungry just know you will be waiting for the food. We had to wait 20 minutes, but they do make it fresh, so you cannot hate.-Teas, sodas, and lemonades are FREE REFILLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yay!!!!!!!!!! *I don't like when you have to pay for refills!-if you are with someone who isn't a big eater you should just get One Sandwich And a side. I only ate half my Panini. It was pretty big! But left overs are never a bad thing ;DSHOUT OUT TO.....ROD U.!!!!! I would not have found this place with out you!!!!!!! :D
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,5/24/2013,104,84,17,18,14>You've probably noticed that toy tea sets are almost exclusively the domain of young girls, at least when I was growing up. Boys would rather play with their dump trucks. At least, that's what I used to do. So it probably is no surprise, then, that most of the reviews of Tea at 1024 come from women.I have a confession to make. I do like afternoon tea. I can probably hear the guys calling for me to turn in my man card at the door...but hear me out for a second. I do like tea as a drink, hot or iced, from Japanese matcha to Lipton. The first time was in Victoria at the Empress Hotel...it was pricey as heck but it did feel good to be treated like a proper English lord, at least for an hour or so. And I have taken my girlfriend to the Moana Surfrider for their tea service for her birthday. So when she expressed interest in heading for Tea at 1024, it wasn't entirely foreign territory for me. Anything to keep her happy.(Of course, it did help that there was a coupon in the Entertainment book as well.)I have to admit, though, that when you go there, you're not just getting tea, sandwiches, and dessert; you're getting an experience. When you head into Tea at 1024, you're asked to pick out your own teacup and saucer, all of which have a very classic feel to them. If you're so inclined you can also pick out hats and other accessories. Understandably, though, there weren't too many hats there that would be suitable for a guy to wear, but I found one oversized baseball-cap-like hat in the basket. (When we were there, I did notice another couple, as well as a family with a young girl, having a tea party for real.)You have a wide variety of teas to choose from. My girlfriend chose the mango tea, while I took a page out of Jean-Luc Picard's playbook...tea, Earl grey, hot. (Hey, I have to preserve some sense of masculinity, right?) We chose the chicken curry, crab and olive, and PB&J sandwiches - all of them were quite good, served on fluffy soft bread. And, of course, a variety of desserts as well. Quite a bit of food, and I probably would have had a kanak attack had it not been for the caffeine flowing through my veins, thanks to the tea.In fact, my girlfriend even said that the food was even better than that at the Moana Surfrider. Now that's saying something.The service was very attentive for the most part. Our teapots were regularly refilled with hot water. However, it seems they may have been overwhelmed a bit by a large party that came in as we were finishing up as it took a little while for us to get our check at the end.All in all, though, I was very satisfied with the experience. Perhaps one day we'll be back. Boyfriends who want to score brownie points would probably do well taking their girlfriends here...and Valentine's Day is right around the corner. :)
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,5/23/2013,90,166,11,10,14>Having just stuffed a slice of chocolate haupia pie in my face from Ted's Bakery... first gut reaction to seeing a new eatery on the North Shore???Me: "Oh honey, pull over! Pull over!"Mate 4 life: "Huh? Where?"Me: "That sign says homemade ice cream and pizza!"Best husband ever: "Um, ok. I could eat..."*!LOVE!*And eat we did! Feasted in fact, on an amazing vegetarian pizza that came loaded with fresh eggplant and mozzarella cheese and drizzled with pesto on top. The dough was thick and nicely crisped on the bottom - more like a big focaccia with toppings. The pizza came with a simple salad of mixed greens and the most amazing salad dressing ever. Seriously. Lilikoi balsamic is the bomb. They should bottle and sell this goodness. Washed down with a ginger cooler and a fine view of the farm - You know... where everything besides the bread just came from!!!! How cool is that? Simply prepared delicious food. Farm to table (literally). Family owned and operated.Recommendation? SKIP the shrimp trucks and eat local. Your body will thank you. Can't wait to go back for some apple banana ice cream and a haupia smoothie!NOTE: Save yourself the disappointment and do not attempt to eat here Monday through Thursday. The cafe is only open Friday through Sunday - read WEEKENDS. I guess I'm lis-dexic or whatever and came on a Tuesday only to be forced to drive further down the road and eat more haupia pie for lunch. Life is tough.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,5/22/2013,125,57,11,11,10>Here he comes to Save the Day!My big brother....He's dashing, with no kids (that he knows of), living the life, lost a whole baby  worth of pounds, able to party till the sun comes up, ugh.My wife just gave birth the day before and guess what the hospital doesn't feed the baby daddy.  It's not like the food at the hospital is gourmet but whatever.  So keep this lunch wagon in mind people if your wifey decides to deliver at Queens Medical Hospital.  The Heart Attack that he delivered to me:60/40 HAMBURGER STEAK WITH MUSHROOM GRAVY-  Made with ground beef and ground bacon cooked in the bacon drippings. 2 good sized handmade patties. Doused with mushroom gravy, accompanied with rice, and of course 3 some accomplice mac salad.  "Aww, yes, this is soooooooooo good, but sooooooooo bad." I just kept saying that line while my wife watched me scarf it down like I hadn't eaten in days.   Why does everything that taste soooo goood be sooo bad for you?  yelp.com/biz_photos/koi-…What made it even more worse.  My big brother, he ate a salad from the lunch wagaon (that looked tasty as well).  He must have some secret agenda to make sure he will stay the cool, skinny, uncle.  I guess his master plan is working.  I can never say no to unhealthy  food.  It's my kryptonite for sure.  P.S.  This place also has a restaurant with set hours.-You can substitute the Macorni salad for toss salad.-You can substitute the white rice for brown rice.-If your going to order the 60/40 what is the sense man.  Really, go hard or go home, okay.Yelp 31 day challenge catch up:  The Secret Agenda- 28/31
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,5/21/2013,87,129,10,11,9>Another one of our friends had started up a Hawaiian music group and had a gig there Friday night, so that just gave us another reason for a libation celebration. So this review is basically about the bar venue, and not the restaurant as a whole. Walking through the entry sorta reminds me of the old Disney movie "Swiss Family Robinson," as your visions are bombarded with greenery, lush forests, vibrant flower blossoms, and winding pathways that lead through to differing open air dining areas with knotting Ohia wood posts, holding up open beamed roofs. Every persons idea of what it should be like on a deserted tropical island. Right? Only thing is, this deserted tropical island comes complete with a full bar, ice cold beer, a pretty cool wine list.... and some awesome bar food! Not to mention your own personal group of talented musicians to serenade you and all the other shipwreck-ees. We got there in time to enjoy "Happy Hour." where drinks and pupu's are at a reasonably priced discount. And as there were a lot of friends arriving at different times, there was a large array of tasty apps to partake of. The most memorable I feel were the Boneless Short Ribs, which was tender and juicy, with just the right amount of Hawaiian salt. The Pork Bellies, braised marinated pork, with the most delish melt in your mouth pork fat, mmmmmmm! Garlic Chicken is always the main staple for bar food, with it's crunchy outside, juicy inside, and the sweet garlicky tang of it's sauce smothered all over, yummo's! The Ahi Poke, I honestly could've pounded the whole plate, it was that ono.  The half point deduction from a fiver ( 4.5 of 5) is because...  I'm guessing as it was the bands first time here, and they naturally have their own following (us groupies) coming to patronize. The bar was poorly understaffed for the high amount in attendance. At times your drinks were empty for a while, and the servers were just too busy to make it around to your table. But, they were good troopers and always had a smile, and a sincere apology for their tardiness. The Good: The freshly made bar food, the cocktails, the good Hawaiian music. And for those of you in the know... just think of groups like Buddy Fo and the Invitations, The Surfers, The Alii's, and all their tight  four part harmonies. The Bad: Sorry to complain about the short staffing. The Ugly: Me, and my face for complaining about the short staffing. Is there a return trip here..... Aw hell yeah!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,5/20/2013,374,151,19,13,12>I have an embarrassing confession...The first time I did this hike, I got stupid drunk the night before. I didn't set my alarm. I didn't change into pajamas. I didn't wash the shame off my face. I woke up late to my brother calling me. He lives on the East Coast! It was like 5:30 AM here...He called me and was like HEY SHE IS WAITING FOR YOU! GO OUTSIDE! My friend, who I met through my brother, called my brother when she couldn't reach me who in turn called me, ultimately resulting in me finally stumbling out of bed. To say I was hungover would be putting it lightly!! I quickly threw on clothes, forgetting the most crucial piece. I'll let you figure that one out. Let's just say it's something you probably need if you are hiking UP stairs for awhile and want to remain dignified.Anyway, the eager, beautiful pre-hike face I thought I was going to take with me on my first hike in Hawaii was anything but. Driving towards the mountain and the stairway taunted me. Oh god nooooo...can't change my mind now!!We got to the base and so it began. I charged up the stairs, taking a few breaks for water and a couple clementines. The former helped the nausea, the latter, did not. LOL.At the top, hungover or not, it was all worth it! My first big panoramic view of Hawaii and I could see forever! Plus I met this beautiful dog and owner at the top: youtube.com/watch?v=rz9P…Definitely felt a burn in my buns the next couple of days, but it was all worth it for that view.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,5/19/2013,380,95,20,18,15>"Hi, my name is Tracy. And I'm a T-Rex." -Carnivores Anonymous, 2013My last attempt at being a vegetarian was when I was a sophomore in high school and buckled after one week for....a char siu manapua. FAIL.I could never turn vegetarian, much less vegan. But as I get older, my body craves more greens and less meat. Prior to the new year, I committed to a four-month modified diet of two red meat meals maximum per week with a coworker and felt great. It was to my delight that our vegan coworker took us to Loving Hut for her 23rd birthday. Time to kick it up a notch...Vicky is the Chinese owner that "lovingly" creates the 40+ dishes of veggie flair alongside her male counterpart who speaks little to no English. Her effervescence is a subliminal testament to the benefits of vegan cuisine. I felt sluggish just listening to her and immediately started scanning the list of herbivorous hors d'oeuvres. Mmm...the nori wraps, hearty curry soup, and lucky chow fun caught my predatory eye. The wraps came with a zesty chili-ponzu dipping sauce that battled the vegenaise for my palate's undying affection. The other dishes were tasty but I could live without them.As for the main event, I tackled the Kind Katsu Curry. My meathead brain could not overcome the soy katsu hurdle, but it was delicious enough for me to clean the plate. I was on a roll and didn't want to leave the desserts unscathed. With abandon, I took a bite out of the Chocolate Pudding and Blessing Brownie. I think I just reached Nirvana...After such a positive experience at Loving Hut, this T-Rex would gladly do vegan all over again.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,5/18/2013,295,401,25,46,42>What a perfect way to start the new year by saving three lives!I wanted to share my 300th review of the Blood Bank of Hawaii because donating blood reaches out to so many people who need this precious necessity. The first thing you see when you enter this Kalihi location is the smiling staff members who greatly appreciate your time and donation. Also, you will see pictures of people on the "Wall of Fame" who have supplied numerous gallons. A couple of requirements should be noted before you begin:1. Be in good health2. Be 18 years or older (need consent for 17 year olds)3. Weigh at least 110 pounds4. Bring picture idYou will fill out a questionnaire when you arrive and be subjected to a mini-physical which they take your blood pressure, pulse, body temperature and sample of your blood to check for your iron levels. To increase your iron count, I always eat spinach and lean beef for three days prior to my appointment. They will also ask you additional questions to screen your health history.After you are escorted to the open area with reclining chairs to begin the procedure. The nurse will begin the sterilization process and the rest of the collection. It is crucial to drink plenty of fluids before your appointment to speed up the blood flow. To collect one pint of blood, it only takes about 5-10 minutes. Once you're done, the nurse will wrap your area in a bandage and invite you to relax as long as you need. You'll feel great emotionally knowing you saved three lives with your one pint. Be sure to grab some desserts and beverages in the lounge to help assist in your recovery. For the next 24 hours, take it easy and replenish with plenty of water.Fortunately, I'm able to donate at my workplace but will always come here if they need a supplemental pint.  I will do my best to continue donating the gift of life. Be a lifesaver and give blood!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,5/17/2013,249,129,17,27,18>Oh, how I love CRAB LEGS!!!  As CRAB LEGS are expensive, it is always a special treat for me when I get to eat them!And yes, this AYCE buffet has steamed CRAB LEGS - juicy Dungeness CRAB LEGS and sweet huge snow CRAB LEGS!  (King CRAB LEGS are also on the buffet on Mondays & Thursdays only, but a friend said that the King CRAB was not as good as the Dungeness and snow CRAB); we were there on a Saturday night.)  The Dungeness and snow CRAB LEGS were soooo ono and amazing - juicy, sweet, and succulent!  The Dungeness CRAB LEGS were a good size, and the snow CRAB LEGS were larger than the normal-sized legs found in other restaurant buffets.  They were so good that instead of eating the rest of the buffet items, the CRAB LEGS made up 98% of my meal; in fact, I had four heaping plates of CRAB LEGS before I gave up!  No regrets there!  (Tip - we brought our sharp Joyce Chen scissors which easily sliced through the shells as we pulled out the CRAB meat flawlessly and intact!)The buffet items were varied:     Salads and pupus - raw oysters, sashimi, shrimp w/ cocktail sauce, tossed veggies, pasta salad, fresh fruits, cheeses, clam chowder, sushi.     Entrees - Dungeness and snow CRAB LEGS; prime rib; steamed fish; teriyaki chicken; stir-fried veggies; mussels; seafood risotto; seafood pasta station cooked to order w/ shrimps, scallops, mussels, calamari; and others items I can't remember.  (There are different specials daily; the Saturday night specials included shrimp tempura and braised short ribs).     Desserts - chocolate fountain w/ strawberries, bananas, and marshmallows; soft serve ice cream with toppings (chocolate and caramel syrups, candy sprinkles, oreos, marshmallows, nuts); pies; mini slices of cakes; parfaits; and almond float.Although my heart was with the CRAB LEGS, I tried to make an effort to taste a few items from the buffet.  Most of the items were just so-so, nothing spectacular or memorable.  The shrimps in the seafood risotto were mushy; the prime rib was a little tough; and the sushi and mini cakes were not as flavorful as they should be.  I liked the clam chowder, however, the minced clams were so tiny.  The chocolate fountain-dipped strawberries (some were huge) were good, but a few of the strawberries were moldy, and the cut bananas (with the banana peel on them) were discolored from standing out too long, and they did not look appetizing.  I enjoyed the soft-serve ice cream and the almond float to end a great meal of CRAB LEGS.The service was excellent!  The attentive staff replenished all the buffet items very quickly, so there were never any empty trays.  As the CRAB LEGS were very popular, they were constantly replaced with full trays, and you could take as many as you wanted, knowing that they just came out of the steamer.  I took an empty plate back to my table to be used for the empty CRAB LEG shells, but was pleasantly surprised that one was already on the table.  The bus help were on the ball, as dirty plates (we had lots of them with CRAB LEG shells) were constantly replaced with clean ones and water/drinks were continually refilled without asking.The atmoshpere and decor were impressive.  Our tables were in the back corner  next to the 280,000 gallon aquarium.  The aquarium made it a pleasant surrounding to dine in.  As an added touch, a mermaid will bring out a large sign to wish someone a happy birthday, offer a marriage proposal, or any other message; cost is somewht pricey at $25 (with 12 hours advance notice).  Although we were on the far end from the buffet, we enjoyed the privacy.  Personally, the aquarium didn't excite me as I've lived here all my life and have seen my share of aquariums, but for children and tourists, it is a mesmerizing experience. The cost of the dinner buffet is pricey - regular price is $44.95 + tax/tip.  There's a 25% kamaaina discount, which brings it down to $33.71 + tax/tip, and seating times are only before 5:30 pm or after 8:30 pm; reservations are a must.  Complimentary coffee, iced tea, or fruit punch comes with the meal.As self-parking is $5 w/ validation, we self-parked (entrance is on Kuhio Ave.) and did not have any problems finding a space.  When we drove out, we noticed that there was no parking attendant.  Instead, there was a machine (where the attendant used to be) and from your car, you put in $$ or credit card.  There weren't any cars in front of us, so we were able to exit quickly; however, if there were a line of cars, I would imagine that it would be a time-consuming process in using the machine to pay for parking.  There is valet parking available (entrance via Liliuokalani Ave.) for $9 + tip,I gave 4 stars because of the superb CRAB LEGS, excellent service, and pleasant atmosphere.  The rest of the buffet items could use some improvement.  Value wise, you'll love this place only if you're a CRAB LEG eater.  I'll certainly be back......as long as they continue to have their quality CRAB LEGS!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,5/16/2013,186,203,7,15,14>Between The Pig and the Lady, guess which one I am whenever I pay a visit to this epic food vendor?  Well, I'll tell you I'm definitely no lady ;o) The Pig and the Lady...sometimes a pop-up, sometimes a caterer, most times the most popular booth at a local Farmer's Market, 100% of the time downright delicious.  I've visited The Pig and the Lady more than several times now, and each time I am really surprised by the "twists" that they put on common Vietnamese favorites such as the bahn mi, and pho.  They use fresh, often times local ingredients which of course puts them over the top in my book.  Don't ask me to repeat the names of my fave dishes, I can't even pronounce them when reading the signs, but some of my faves are anything with pork belly, the pork wrapped in beetlenut leaves, the pho - with pork belly of course, and the pandan malasada which I only ever saw once, but PLEASE oh PLEASE Andrew, if you are reading this, PRETTY PLEASE make it again!!  Pure heaven!The other thing that amazes me is that no matter where it is, how busy it is, how long the crazy line is (and more often than not the lines are crazy, all waiting for their culinary greatness) Andrew Le always has a smile on his face and is always so friendly and seems sincerely appreciative that people are enjoying his food.  Consistency in food and service, can't ask for anything more.  It's gourmet without the snob. This is culinary greatness at grassroots level!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,5/15/2013,123,234,21,11,15>Geez, 1110 reviews as of this one. What the hell am I going to say that no one else has about this place? Here' s a shot...I'm not sure why the call it local moco. If anything it's really highcal moco.I'm not sure why they call it a drive-in as many in the parking lot have no clue on how to drive.Damn good chili. Vegan free.Plate lunch in a pizza box!Everything you order rounds out perfectly numerically. This place must have a helluva time doing taxes.The portion sizes are actually normal.Use the side window to order...it's faster.The gift shop has tank tops in my size.I bet Sylvester Stallone would eat here, as would Prince.Gwyneth Paltrow would not eat here, as wouldn't Kate Middleton.That's pretty much all I can think of that hasn't been said about this place before.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,5/14/2013,298,227,9,17,13>Usually I'm not in a big rush to review a new business. But, in this case I'm excited about Kimukatsutei. I want to get the word out to my Yelp friends and anyone else who loves Shirokiya as much as I do. This is a great addition to the Yataimura food options. So I had some time to kill at Ala Moana. First, I stopped by kulu kulu bakery on Shirokiya's first floor. Then after I checked in there I noticed that someone mentioned Kimukatsu opening on Dec. 7 in Shirokiya in a Yelp "talk" posting. Ran up the stairs to top floor of Shirokiya to check this place out. The place is called Kimukatsutei and it serves the exact same pork katsu as Kimukatsu in Waikiki. Of course, it is the Yataimura/food court version of the dine in restaurant. yelp.com/biz_photos/dMQO…Katsu Speciality: Kimukatsu/Kimukatsutei specializes in a pork katsu dish which has 25 very thin layers of pork that is breaded and fried into an oval patty. At Kimukatsutei the options are few but all are variations of this special pork katsu. There is a katsu sandwich, katsu curry on rice, Katsu on rice with sauce. There are models of the 4 basic variations at the ordering window as well as menu cards. I noticed that they also served miso soup but did not see this on the menu. I've been to the Kimukatsu restaurant and I love this stuff.Ordering: Order at the window and pay at the cash register. You are given a flashing/buzzing device which will go off when your food is ready. You are asked if you are eating in or taking out. If you are eating in they will serve your meal on a tray with a very decorative ceramic bowl. See my photo. You are given the choice of regular size or large size. "Large" means it comes with more rice. No extra charge for large. Seating: Of course you can sit at any of the many tables on that floor or you can sit at their private counter which is just to the right of the window. It's a very nice large counter with hand towels available and seats that spin around. yelp.com/biz_photos/dMQO…    The large bowls are extra fancy and I think it that is the best way to enjoy this special pork. Service: Everyone gives you the "Irasshaimase" welcome. Order taken quickly. The buzzer thing is better than asking your name. yelp.com/biz_photos/dMQO…  Food comes out quickly and I love that fancy bowl!  They do ask that you return it to the window when youre done. yelp.com/biz_photos/dMQO…Drinks: They don't have fountain drinks so it is probably best to get your drinks first before ordering. They direct you to a cold drink cabinet behind the Shirokiya cashiers. A bit awkward but that is how they are currently doing drinks. Since they are using the Shirokiya cash register system you can pay for the Shirokiya drink at the Kimukatsutei window...and they take credit cards.  Wierd...in that you expect most places to sell drinks at the window too. But another advantage is that you can get beer and smoothies nearby too.Vegan/Vegetarian: Sorry there are no options here. But, if you are feeling decadent and will give into cheating, this is the place to do it!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,5/13/2013,230,143,13,18,19>LOCAL FOOD WITH A TWIST!  A hole in the wall! So hidden, you just might miss it. A great place that offers zestfully flavored, unique food! FOOD ORDEREDGuava Chicken & Baked Ahi Combo!  The Guava chicken had the right amount of sweetness, sauce, & crunch!  Surprisingly Outstanding taste!  It was doing a happy dance in my mouth!  The Baked Ahi tasted like I was eating a Dynamite sushi!   Oohh yeah!yelp.com/user_local_phot…ENVIRONMENTLocated in the depths of the industrial area of Kalihi on Mokauea St. Pretty ghetto area though.  Street parking is very, very limited!  They said you can park at the Ted's shop next door if you have take out or phone order.  Benches outside. SERVICEPretty Good!  Although they forgot my chicken in my plate, they apologized and came running out to my car to give me my chicken! (because parking is pretty bad there) CONCLUSIONHeck Yah, I'm coming back, I've been craving this lately! I went here twice this week!TIPBrown rice & Salad options available.  Be prepared to wait about 10-15 minutes. All fresh.  A phone order may be better or tag team with someone, due to parking restraints. They have various drizzles (Garlic, Creamy mild wasabi, Lemon caper, Shoyu Wasabi, Ranch or Hawaiian Salsa) recommended for baked items or sandwiches.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,5/12/2013,201,134,18,16,15>Let me just start by saying that if you eat Mexican food and haven't tried this place yet then as Nike says, "Just Do It". Let me share my story on how and why I got to try this place. So a friend of mine has been showing this girl around Hawaii who recently moved here from Japan. A mutual  friend of ours (who lives in Japan) asked him to show her around since he is one of the few single guys left in our group. So he asked her what kind of food she likes to eat beside Japanese. She responded with Mexican. So to make her feel comfortable (or himself) he invites all of us. So another one of my friends says: " Oh I know a great place for Mexican! "  We Say: " Is the food good there? " Friend Responds: " I dunno, never been there, just heard it was good " We Say: "Okaaayyy.. so what's the name of this place?" Friend Responds: " La Cupachabra " * I looking on yelp and it tells me (No Matches) * So I say: " What's the name again? "Friend Responds: " LA CU PA CHA BRA! " I Say:"The Monster?" "Where the hell is that?" Friend Responds " It's LOCATED on South Beretania Street across the street from Cafe Anasia and close to Bella Mia's" I Say: " Hahahah that's LOS CHAPARROS! " So he makes reservations for the following Saturday. When we get there I was really lucky to get a PARKING spot in their lot as soon as I arrived. Someone was pulling out so I went in right after he pulled out. The lot is really small and parking can be a problem. All my friends had to park on the street. As soon as I enter, I was impressed with the restaurants ENVIRONMENT. The decor was really nice with lots of Mexican things on the walls. All my friends were taking photos of the decors on the walls and they aren't even yelpers haha. So then our server immediately comes to our table with CHIPS and SALSA and tells us of their drink specials.  The salsa was really good. One of the best ones I had yet. NOTE: they charge if you want more chips and salsa. The highlight drink of the night for us was the: - PASSION FRUIT MARGARITA yelp.com/biz_photos/JUXm…. This drink was very sweet and alcohol taste was almost non existent. However, you could still feel the kick,  Now as for the FOOD. I tried the CHICKEN MOLE ENCHILADAS yelp.com/biz_photos/JUXm… . The mole sauce was soooo good and I highly recommend this dish. No wonder why chefs always make this sauce. If you haven't tried it then you must.  My wife ordered the  - FAJITAS - This wasn't the best. The flavor was okay but the meat was a little  tough. Last but not least, we tried the - BANANA FLAUTAS for dessert. This was good but it wasn't anything special. Its basically just bananas, cream cheese and cinnamon wrapped in a tortilla served with ice cream. The SERVICE was good. They were timely and handled our big group well. However, I must warn you that they don't DO NOT SEPARATE CHECKS.  So by the end of the night everyone was stuffed and overall had a good time. But something was missing...hmmm... Oh YEAH! the girl that my friend was showing around! So I ask him.. "Where is your date? The reason we came here in the first place?" He responds: " Oh yeah...she couldn't make it tonight " So I say: " Oh well, tell her thanks for liking Mexican food because we had fun! "
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,5/11/2013,390,471,21,25,25>Everything in moderation.  Yeah right!Huge, delectable, not overly sweet or heavily glazed cinnamon rolls studded with raisins.  Monstrous apple fritters packed with buttery goodness kissed by light, sugary sweetness.  The freshest of the freshest cinnamon, banana, and pumpkin spice breads (for the holidays).  Ani's has it down.Yes, you can find some of their products in super markets or even Costco but:1.  Bakery freshness can't be beat.  Were talking night and day.2.  Only the bakery sells the monstrous pastries.Prices seem higher than most bakeries but you get what you pay for.  It might mean your big box of goodies sets you back an extra five bucks.  Good thing your gym membership is paid up!Worth the indulgence!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,5/10/2013,544,212,7,8,8>This place is called Young's Kalbee for a reason, THE KALBEE!  They have big bone and small bone, and you know me, I LOVE ME SOME BIG BONES! YES, you heard me right, the BIG BONES are AMAZEBALLS!!!!So, you would expect the Kalbee to be good here, but this place could be easily called:"Young's Meat Jun""Young's Fish Jun" "Young's Korean Amazeball BOMB fooD"The meat jun here is amongst the best i've had.. The sauce is also crazy good. Like cray meat jun cray good.. My loyalty for best local korean food will always be O-bok in manoa but this place is definitely top notch and a go to spot for me in the Aiea Area!The service can be hit or miss depending on who is working the dining room and the prices are standard for local korean fare.  The parking is plentiful in their private lots.  If you cannot find this place, it is across the street from the aiea medical building.  If you are in the Aiea area and in need of local korean food definitely stop here..**Tip the portions here are pretty generous - you won't leave hungry!!!Yelp 31 Day Challenge (4/31): "Koreaaaaaan: I'm not fat, I'm just BIG BONED!"
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,5/9/2013,263,224,13,7,15>In the tune of "Home on the Range"Oh, give me a home where where all the locals roamWhere they have darts that you can playWhere seldom is heard a discouraging wordAnd the food is grindz everydayHome, Home Bar and GrillWhere the locals head out to playWhere seldom is heard, laughter and wordAnd service is awesome all dayWhere do you go at night where the feelings just rightWith the staff are all rockstarsHave I stood there amazed, sizzling platters a blazeTheir food exceeds that of oursHome, Home Bar and GrillWhere my troubles all go awayWhere seldom is heard, this is YELP referredWhere you can eat and drink all day
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,5/8/2013,207,115,10,11,17>Nostalgia wins every time for me, I am sentimental. As a kid growing up in this area I rarely ate here unless forced to with my family. At the time I wasnt able to appreciate the "old school diner" type of food that I now see as a disappearing faded picture that reflects Honolulu's glory years. Around the 3rd-8th grade years I often sped past this place on my skateboard not even giving it a second look, this place wasnt cool enough. On my way to buy football cards and update my comic book collection at J's Knicknack's and the Time Machine down the street, both of which have long closed, I opted to eat complete crap.  Good food for me at that age consisted of those gummy peach rings, fizz candy, NY Seltzer with a li hing seed shoved inside and McDonalds. I dont know how I survived. Jane's Fountain after all these years still provides what I consider comfort food. A nothing too fancy saimin with the chewy noodles and clean broth and a hand made cheese burger both for less than $7. I do venture out and order the Hawaiian chopped steak which is always tender and comes with a healthy serving of onions which have been pan fried to a point of glazed sweetness. The pork chop is completely simple, two chops just pan fried with a bit of salt, appearance wise it looks boring and tasteless but given the chance this dish can hold its own. During the evenings this place can get crowded, buzzing with conversation and dishes being bussed and piled, decade after decade. The juke box still plays the original Sukiyaki song, decade after decade. All these years Jane's Fountain has ignored the outside world. This awesome diner is the epitome of the saying "youth is wasted on the young" as I shake my head at the thought of my younger self skating by unable to appreciate what I now can.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,5/7/2013,779,223,23,24,23>It's the eve of Valentine's Day 2013 and you just found out today that tomorrow is the big day.  Let's face it, you're a guy and you can recall the Superbowl like it was just yesterday, recite the last sixteen winners of the NBA Finals, and you watch baseball once in a while between other sports since it's on most of the year.  But knowing which day out of the 365 days is Valentine's Day?  Forget it.  You're better off asking if we like your new Burberry bag- in which we'd respond with "that's the one's between the strawberries and blueberries, right?".But you're in luck!  A new and unique flower boutique in Kakaako called Paiko is your golden ticket into her good graces.  Trust me, she can smell grocery store flowers a mile away; don't chance it this year and end up having to eat cup-a-noodle till Independence Day and just go to Paiko.  Doesn't matter if "Last Minute" is practically your middle name, this shop has a good selection of succulents, flowers, leaves, ferns, and more that is a very different look and feel from your traditional florist.I wandered here with two beautiful ladies after enjoying a lazy Saturday morning at high tea.  Feeling especially feminine, it was only fitting to visit a flower shop.  To Paiko we go!Finding the perfect gift for the lucky lady in your life is always tough.  Gotta keep it fresh and new right?  A dozen red roses is so 90's.  Unless you want to be as relevant as the cast of Dawson's Creek, I recommend stepping up your game. Perusing around, I found Paiko and thumbed through their Valentine's Day selection which is very different than the big bright bouquets and arrangements from traditional florists.  Let's find something meaningful, but fun, intriguing, and beautiful- just like that special someone in your life.  Two words, Love Terrarium.yelp.com/biz_photos/paik…Paiko describes this studly apothecary jar as:"A mini woodland oasis.  This self contained little world is created with humidity loving shade plants, ferns, and mosses.  Your terrarium is a self-sustaining ecosystem and requires very little maintenance.  It's also fun to watch the water cycle that takes place in each little system- water evaporates from the leaves of the plants, condenses on the glass, trickles down to moisten the soil, and then is reabsorbed by the plant's roots- starting the cycle again." This one-of-a-kind gift would strike the fancy of the Phoebe Buffay's around the world (and no, it isn't from the Pottery Barn) as well as intrigue the Ms. Frizzle's.Check out their website for a full listing of the Vday Menu.paikohawaii.com/valentin…Walking through the store is definitely an experience, getting to see all the different presentations and arrangements rarely (if any) seen in Hawaii.  Here are some beautifully glazed planters with succulents-yelp.com/biz_photos/paik…Some wall-mounted Staghorn Ferns-yelp.com/biz_photos/paik…@Boozleford meticulously examining the craftsmanship of the air plants and their hanging baskets-yelp.com/biz_photos/paik…Red planters with succulents-yelp.com/biz_photos/paik…Earthen planters with succulents (I would definitely love one of these for my office, hint, hint)-yelp.com/biz_photos/paik…Anthuriums and Monstera-yelp.com/biz_photos/paik…Definitely go check it out, they also have tons of other great offerings with a great selection.  You'll find fishtail palms, mink protea, hala, snapdragons, lady slippers, shinobu ferns, fern curls and more!Be sure to talk story with Courtney and Tamara!  They were extremely helpful and are experts in sourcing and give you the inside scoop on all their new projects!  They are currently working on an upside down ceiling orchid vase.  The orchid grows inverted and a water reservoir slowly release moisture into the soil cavity.  Pretty darn cool.  The shop is located smack dab between Keawe and Coral on Auahi.  Can't miss it.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,5/6/2013,559,209,19,21,23>Ice, Ice, Baby.  Practically every day of this week I NEEDED a cold treat fix.  Hence, the word needed.  Once the baby growing inside of me is set on something the mommy carrying him has to fufill it.  The craving just won't leave me, it takes over me.  I dream about it, talk about it, fantasize about it, and yearn for it. Sometimes my husband catches me daydreaming and asks me what I'm thinking.  I try to be sweet and quickly think of something of our past or mention how lucky I am to have a husband like him.  But I'm actually thinking of food.  How I can get it into my possession, how fulfilled I will be once I get it into my mouth and in my belly.   I try fighting the urge of my cravings through sleep, letting days pass, eating other things that are somewhat like it but it doesn't work.  What the baby wants the baby gets...sooner or later.This shave ice spot is quite new.  It opened up earlier this year and serves an assortment of cold treats :)*Shave Ice*Fruit Smoothie*Ice Blended Beverages - Frozen Hot Chocolate- Coffee- Fruit Tea*Cold-Pressed Iced Coffee*Italian Soda*Bubble Drinks*SmoothiesA picture of the menu:  yelp.com/biz_photos/aXQz…yelp.com/biz_photos/aXQz…Hours of Operation:Mon-Fri 10:00am-4:30pmSat & Sun 1230-4:30pmParking and Location:  It's located inside a mini mart store on Merchant Street.  A picture of the front of the store:  yelp.com/biz_photos/aXQz…I wasn't sure if it was the right place because I didn't see a sign outside.  I did see pictures of all the frozen treats that they offer plastered outside of their building.  On the right side of the store they sell hot foods and other small items.  Ice Forest is on the left hand side of the store.  A picture of the inside of the store:  yelp.com/biz_photos/aXQz…Metered street parking is available on Merchant Street.  There is more metered parking across of the State Capitol.  If you're out of luck with these two spots there is an open lot near the U.S. Post Office which is a block away.  SHAVE ICE:The shave ice served here is Taiwanese-style with local flair. If the ice was as fine as my beloved Ice Garden located in Aiea this shave ice would be the bomb dot com.  You can choose from pictures posted all over the walls (ask for a brochure if you want to know all the prices) or create your own concoction.  A bowl cost $2.50 and a cone cost $3.50.  There are tons of toppings to choose from which range from 50 cents to 75 cents.  Items that I ordered:  ~Spiced Chai, ice blended- I usually like this served hot.  It was quite good.  Boasting with flavor, nice and frothy, and the man assisting me kindly obliged to adding whip cream after he made it (FREE).  A picture of my awesome blended drink:  yelp.com/biz_photos/aXQz…~shave ice~Custard (They have original or coffee flavored), Mochi Balls,  and Condense Milk.  No Syrup added.  You can tell that the custard is MADE FROM SCRATCH and made fresh daily.  I regretted not getting another custard.  yelp.com/biz_photos/aXQz…~#3 shave ice~ Strawberry flavored shave ice, Mochi Balls, Green Tea Ice Cream, and Azuki Bean.  I thought I was sure that I was eating Dave's Ice Cream green tea ice cream, but I called the shop and he told me it was Dreyer's brand.  What!?  I didn't even know Dryers had a green tea flavored ice cream.  MOCHI BALLS....These balls are quarter size, soft, wet, chewy, just like how I like my balls in my mouth ;)  yelp.com/biz_photos/aXQz…SERVICE:  I believe the man helping me out is the owner.  Andrew was very nice, accomadating, answered questions, spoke about his fresh made from scratch products, and allowed me to snap away on my phone of his awesome treats.   I had a coupon from the Dining Out, dated Sep2-8 (insert in the Star Advertiser).  On the coupon it stated, "Buy 1 signiture shave ice get 1 rainbow shave ice for free."  Andrew told me I could get the free rainbow shave ice or get $2.50 off my next one.  I opted for that option.  You can usually pick up a free copy at your nearest Zippy's or Starbucks.  The only downfall of this place is there is no area to sit and enjoy such a great treat.  My family and I ate our shave ice in our car.  The assortment of toppings and freshly made  from scratch is what sets this shave ice joint apart from its other competition.  I will definitely be back for more.  Until then Ice Forest I'll meet you in my dreams.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,5/5/2013,3139,188,5,9,14>(M) ililani residents love this place(Y) ou have to order the Roast Turkey only served on Thursdays and Friday's(G) igantic portions here(O) rder the friedrice and put an overeasy egg on top(T) here are tons of things to order here(O) xtail Soup served on Sundays is a must order...HUGE OXTAIL'S(P) arking can get pretty tricky in the late afternoon because of the 24 hour fitness(L) ove the Macsalad here(A) lways have a hard time finishing my plate lunches...SO BIG(C) hicken Katsu Curry is another popular choice(E) xcellent service from Robin...SHE'S DA BEST!!!!!!(F) ried saimin is a must order when you come here(O) rder the fried saimin in place of rice with your plate lunch for an extra charge(R) eally gets busy during the lunch period(A) sk about the daily specials here(K) ipapa Drive right next to Foodland is where they are located( I ) always order the Shoyu Chicken with Fried Saimin(L) ove the Jello Cheesecake for dessert(L) arge asian man in the front needs to smile more...he's really nice though(E) ating everything here is virtually impossible(R) amfis really LOVES THE ROAST TURKEY!!!!!(P) laces like this are hard to come by in Mililani(L) ove the Korean Chicken too...(A) nyway, order one platelunch and share it(T) hey are big enough for two people..i promise(E) ven got good filipino food on special on Wednesday's(L) ove the way they make the Shoyu chicken here..it's different(U) nique selection of menu items to choose from(N) ot your typical plate lunch place(C) hoosing the right item to eat is very difficult(H) ate to come here without knowing what to order ( I ) am a creature of habit and alwats order the same stuff all the time(N) eedless to say i am always a happy camper after eating here(M) ililani needs more places like this( I ) wish they served breakfast too(L) ove the fact it only takes me 5 minutes to get here( I ) know not all of you may agree with me, but this place is legit(L) ast time i had a complaint here, Robin handled it so well i was impressed(A) nyway, this review is coming to a close(N) ext time you are on the way to the North Store, stop by this place to eat( I ) can honestly say the food here at Mililani Restaurant won't disappoint  =)
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,5/3/2013,446,222,29,23,20>So I'm gonna be the first dude to write a review for the Face Shop....and from a fella's point-of-view.I've never been to the first store in McCully Shopping Center but because of my relationship to Ward Centers, I was invited to the media preview and soft opening of this particular location.  I mean honestly if it wasn't for that I probably would have never set foot in a store like this.The first thing that came to mind when i stood outside the store was damn this store looks really clean and damn if heaven had a store it would looks like this.  Bright, lots of white and scattered with beautiful colors.  Like thee perfect coloring book.I'd say 90% of the store is for the ladies and from what I understand the ladies all love their products so if you're looking for Xmas gifts or birthday gifts, fella's take note.The remaining 10% is either for the men or unisex.  If you care about your skin or the anti-aging factor, you're going to want to pick up some of their stuff.  We're talking face creams, moisturizers, toners the works.  Laugh all you want, but when we're fifty and I still look like the thirty-year old... who's laughing now sucka?The best part about the things i got was the price.  The store is reasonably priced for all of their products.  I mean I've seen other stores with comparable items for twice as much, esp. for those "name brand" items.  You're better off coming here and spending half the cost with the same quality.  The service here is very personable as well. I didn't have a clue of what to get but I told the sales staff what I was looking for or what I wanted to do as far as skin care and they were right on it with suggesting things and pointing things out for me.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,5/2/2013,391,466,11,6,4>"Highway Inn....Where I go for a taste of Old Hawaii." as sung by Fiji on their commercial. It was that commercial that made me crave for Hawaiian food, well that and my moke co-workers always talking about poi and cooking food in the imu. I have been here a couple times before but I think it was a pretty long time ago before they renovated. Highway Inn is super convenient and right down the street so I told my husband we are going there for dinner.Got there and was immediately seated. Our server was super awesome and tended to us right when we sat. I browsed the menu and decided on the Lau Lau Combo plate. My husband decided on the Kalua Pig Combo with Chicken Long Rice on the side. Mmm! So stoked when we got our plates. And it was da kine from small keed time in da cafeteria at school. I put da chili peppah watah on top my lomi salmon and lau lau. Evryting was winnahs 'cept I wasn't a fan of da pipikaula. I like da oddah kine red kine I had before. It was still good tho but taste moa like chop steak or sometin. I was even eatin' all mah husband's cheecken long rice bah was ono. Okay I'm going to stop writing in pidgin. It's actually pretty difficult. But yes the food was really good and service was top notch.Overall, good experience and nice little option for Hawaiian food. Love that mom and pop feel too. We didn't even realize they had a poke area that sold KULOLO! OMG KULOLO! I am so going to be back for that. Brah.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,5/1/2013,220,313,8,12,12>I had not realized that this little studio/gallery existed in Kailua until yesterday.  I went from knowing nothing to taking part in a few quick steps.  What a fun event!A friend of mine was not sure what to do for people for the holidays.  She wanted to share a thing with her friends, but wanted it to be a warm and personal way to gather her friends together for a bit of time.  I'm not certain how she found out about the ornament class, but she knew that it was to be her gift to us for the holiday. At only $30 per person it was a reasonable way for her to involve us in something creative.We met at the studio and were told the basics of staying safe while working around a 2000 degree furnace filled with molten glass.  The ornament making process was explained to us, and we were sent to pick our colors  We also had to decide if we wanted spotted glass or swirled glass.  Each one of us took a turn directing the work done on our ornament.  We were not allowed to handle the tools, but were invited to be a part of the action.  Our rolls were simple, choose color, decide how much color we wanted, and then blow through the tube that allowed the molten glass to expand into a rigid bubble. yelp.com/user_local_phot…The ornament was then finished off by a member of the staff and then sent to a low temperature (if 900 degrees can be called low temperature!) oven to cool slowly to room temperature.  The ornaments have to cool for a few days before they can be collected and distributed to the members of my class.  Lucky me gets to be the person who picks them up from the studio.  I'll get to see (and photograph) all of them together.If you are not sure of what to do for a group of friends or family this holiday season, please give Island Glassworks a call.  The time goes quickly, but you are left with a beautiful keepsake.yelp.com/biz_photos/isla…
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,4/30/2013,172,125,8,10,7>I met my friends here for dinner tonight and had some tasty Italian food. So I decided to write a quick review to kick off my Yelp reviews for 2013. Location:  the restaurant is on the right side of S. King Street between Piiokoi and Keeamoku Streets.  If you drive too fast, you might miss it.Parking:  if you drive like a crazy Asian like me, you may just miss the parking entrance very right before the restaurant with a straight 90 degree turn.  The parking is limited (4 cars the most). So if you find any street parking, grab it. Service:  I think the service is good enough, nothing wow me but the person refilled our water and cleared the dirty dishes promptly. Food:  here comes the most important part of our visit. Three of us shared the Vegetali Saltali. It was tasty and sufficient to three hungry souls. I had the Vongole (clams, capers with tomato base sauce with spaghetti). Well the pasta was al dante, and the sauce was delish. I could not help but digging my fork back to the plate even though I was getting full toward the end. My Hungry Hippo had Ravioli Neri ( lobster with saffron sauce). He devoured the whole plate pretty quickly. The other friend had one of his favorites, Gnocchi Gorgonzola.  Since he ordered it again, it meant something right. :)We did not have any wine, since we were all driving ourselves. Unlike other unlucky reviewers that had to wait, we had a table right away since we went there at 8ish. I assume Friday night would be busier. Overall the dishes are pretty reasonable with the right portion.  If you are tired of overly garlicky fake Italian food from Assaggio or others, give this place a try.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,4/29/2013,512,228,7,13,9>First off -- I'm going to tell everyone WHERE it is, because I was walking in circles!Michinoku is located right behind Red House in that Korean-only center. THE GOOD* Cute, and small Japanese restaurant. I enjoyed the atmosphere.* Service was great. She made me miss my best friend's mom (who's very Japanese)* Food was deals. I mean $20-24 for Chirashi, or any donduri type of food is deals especially with all the small delights that come with it like tsukemono, daikon, miso soup, salad, bowl of rice, and more. I think you get more than what you pay for. AND I LIKE IT THAT WAY!!* The miso butterfish was rich, and perfect. It was so rich, I could only finish one of the two slices... but so good none-the-less* My boyfriend had the Michinoku Special - it was only $18 but it wasn't tasty enough for him. It did come with 3 pieces of ahi sashimi and octopus! Deals.* There is parking if you can find it. You can always just park at Walmart and walk over :)* Even though this place is small, there are many tables and a sushi bar.* Food came out very fast!THE BAD* The Michinoku special wasn't what I thought it would be :( but we will definitely be coming back to try more items!THE WEIRD* This is more cute than weird, but our waitress wore a kimono, or casual kimono, with authentic Japanese in-house slippers. You can tell when she was getting busy because you can hear her flip flops move to a faster beat. Haha. Poor thing! She was very cute and delightful though!* Oh and this is the only establishment that was Japanese, the rest is all Korean! They must feel segregated :( :(
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,4/28/2013,233,163,4,7,7>A-M-A-Z-I-N-GHands-down 5 stars. I'd give it 10 right now if I could. So, spur of the moment girl's night out....we were craving some sushi....not just any sushi but GOOD sushi. I've heard rave reviews for this place and had been wanting to go. Walked in around 7, no reservation. Wait for a table was going to be about an hour, they said. They took our # in case one opened up earlier. That wasn't a problem....we went to the seedy sports bar next door to kill time. 1/2 hour later, they call! Table was ready!Interior reminded me of Gaku....but not as dim. Small, cozy restaurant....total quaint Japanese-y feel. The menu is extensive and we ordered so many things I honestly can't even begin to list them all. And multiple orders, mind you. The toro melts in your mouth. And we probably got at least 3 orders (one for each of us) of the bintoro ponzu. I think it was the shimaaji nigiri that came with some ume shiso, and that was delish also. They have this nigiri that isn't on the menu (friend's secret), "scampi"? To die for. The mixed mushrooms and the fried tofu was amazing too. Actually, just about everything we had was amazing. Sorry if I keep using this word. But I was completely blown away by the quality of the food (and the prices are not that bad, considering). THEN you think this place can't get any better.....but wait.....because it can. Their SAKE SELECTION is also amazing (was that the fifth time?) and two bottles of Hakkaisan later, the three of us stumbled out.....contentedly full and ridiculously happy. This is one place that I haven't stopped thinking about ever since. It was THAT good.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,4/27/2013,179,128,4,12,7>Do not judge a book by its cover....Kaew's is located on Liliha across from the library and Liliha Square.  From the exterior, you wouldn't expect to find such a cute restaurant on the inside.  They're quite large, with a full bar, and extremely clean.  The staff is really young and friendly, and I think the owner is usually there as well...talk about taking pride in your business.Came here for dinner one night after passing by it a dozen times.  They have a very large menu complete with your typical thai appetizers, noodles, rice, and curry dishes.  They also have chef specials so be sure to check that out as well.The food is GOOD!  Just the right amount of spices and not at all under or overwhelming.  Their portions are definitely big enough to share (3 of us went and we ordered 1 appetizer & 2 entrees and STILL needed a doggy bag after stuffing out faces), and their prices are so reasonable (about $8-14 a dish).They do offer lunch and dinner plate specials on most days during specific times for $8.  I would definitely support this adorable restaurant again, and am really glad that I found a new thai place to feast at :)Quick Tip:  MUST save room for fried banana dessert....OMG, I die!!!!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,4/26/2013,72,126,31,19,20>Disappointment. As my friends and I stroll up to Ah Lang, I noticed that although there were patrons dining inside, the OPEN sign had been turned off. "What now?" I say to my friends, looking as disappointed as I was. As I pull out my phone to check yelp, I hear one of my friends say, "Isn't that her over there?" gesturing to the group of people huddled near a tree. Having not been there before, we were all unsure about approaching the Angry Korean Lady. But she noticed us. Confusion. "Is it only you four?" she yells towards us. "No guys*?" I confirm, "Yes, only us!" "Go! Go inside!" she tells us. But as we turn around, another group of 4 squeeze through the doors ahead of us. Behind us, I swear I hear AKL laughing at us, but continuing to yell at us to go inside. So we do.Once inside, both groups of four stand around, unsure of what the other group will do, since there were not many tables open--only one table of four. One of the customers turn to us to say, "the restaurant's closed.""She said we could come inside," I hear my friend respond."Ok, then. She's the boss!" he says, while I see my friend trying to figure out where we should sit. The other group had already crowded around the four top that was open. I frown at our situation and decided to confront the other group. "She's actually closed," I explained. "But she told us we could come in. Maybe you should go talk to her," I suggested. Table problem solved. Soon, they returned, but we were too engrossed in our menu to pay them any attention.Quick service. We were amazed at how quickly she started bringing out our food!  Banchan! Rice! Chive Jun! Soon Dubu! Kimchee Jun! Meat Jun! More Meat Jun! BAM, BAM, BAM, DONE! Next table. She's so ridiculously fast, we were just in awe!Doing dishes. Soon after we started eating, a group of girls came up to the door, asking her to cook for them. I could only guess at what the girl was saying by her gestures. "Only girls*?" she asks. I watched AKL, wondering why she kept asking about guys. "How come no more fucking guys*?" The girl points at the guys in the other group of four. "If I cook for you, you have to do the dishes for the entire night," AKL tells them. "If you don't want to do dishes, I'm not cooking for you!" Now, this part, we could all hear... "WHY DON'T YOU DO THE DISHES!" one of the girls yell back, while the group began to leave. AKL turns back to us, and points at rule #10 on our table. "After AKL puts the "Closed" sign and you want AKL to cook for you, then you must wash ALL the dishes for the night." Even though she never really asked us to, at that moment, I knew we'd be helping her do dishes that night. Doing the dishes with AKL isn't so bad, she does most of the heavy lifting and she's very quick about it. Just like how she makes food, she washes dishes like BAM, BAM, BAM, DONE!Vices. Her Vices. In the words of AKL, "I am only good for two things: good for shit and good for nothing. I am only good to do two things: drinking and gambling. I am only good at two things: cooking and singing." Not only is AKL honestly blunt, but she doesn't BS. My vices. Good food, good service, good company. In the span of four hours my friends and I spent with her, she drank, she smoked, she cooked us some seriously good food, AND she sang to us! Even though she's kind of rough around the edges, AKL is a good person at heart. Besides what we ordered, she had also given us Kalbi, a sweet bean banchan, and her Specialty Chicken Wings to sample and after doing dishes, she rushed us all out of her kitchen while she made us a Korean dessert! (I feel like I'm giving away some secrets here! But if you've made it this far, you totally deserve to know.) Each of us enjoyed a different part of the meal, however we all really liked her Kalbi - big slabs of yumminess that I'd like to think are her pride and joy dish! * Ready for more secrets? So why does it seem like AKL doesn't like only girl group patrons? My theory is shemakestheguyswashthedishes! So to all you guys that decide to dine here late, good luck, dudes! ;)
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,4/25/2013,865,217,49,54,51>When it came down to having to choose between eating at Mediterraneo or Cafe Sistina, I went with the later since my sister and I had such a terrible experience at Mediterraneo not too long ago (check out Lynn T's review yelp.com/biz/mediterrane…).Our servers were both very friendly and attentive. They were really good about checking up on us and making sure we were never short on water and wine. I swear the female server was trying to get me drunk because she kept bringing out recommendations for wine. Between all the tastings and full glasses of wine bought, I was close to being sloshed......at 2pm. Love her, lol.I've reading about how the food can be hit or miss, but our meal for the most part was good. There were some overcooked seafood, but the flavors overall were spot on. ESCARGOT ($8.50):Imported snails cooked in an Italian garlic-butter sauce. The plump delicious snails were infused with great flavors, none of that weird canned snails taste like other places I've had escargot at. yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe…Cafe Sistina's preparation differs from the usual, boring escargot I've had in the past. Theirs is served with creamy tomato polenta cakes, making this dish a filling meal in itself. I really hope they keep this on their menu permanently.***they even give you a basket of hot bread when you sit down, great to sop up the extra sauce with***I prefer this escargot dish over the thin, watery escargot we ate from HASR Bistro's a few days earlier (yelp.com/biz_photos/hasr…).DUCK SAUSAGE WITH BUTTERNUT SQUASH RAVIOLI ($19.25):Imported duck sausages sliced and sauteed along with sweet bell peppers. yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe…The star of this dish was definitely the butternut squash ravioli. Each ravioli was filled with a hefty amount of sweet butternut squash. Cooked to the perfect al dente, each pillowy bite was pure bliss. I would order this again, probably with some other protein instead of the duck sausage.The sausage tasted okay, but I couldn't tell it was duck. If I hadn't seen it on the menu, I would've just thought it was regular sausage of some sort. SPICY TUTTO MARE ($19.75): A filling seafood risotto with opakapaka (Hawaiian pink snapper), clams, mussels and shrimps. Menu mentioned an "exotic saffron-proscuitto sauce."yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe…Didn't get the saffron-prosciutto sauce, but the overall flavors were good. This was our least favorite dish because the fish and shellfish were overcooked. It would've been a successful dish, had it not been for the overcooked, dry seafood.Can't wait to go back for more escargot & tomato polenta cakes!!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,4/24/2013,231,162,8,14,9>I don't know how Gary N. convinced me to give Dish Go another go since our first encounter with this place was not a good one. He reassured me that it's now under new ownership/management, but I was still afraid that we would be stuck with five plates of raunchy brown mystery meat circling around on a creaky conveyor belt. Fortunately, Dish Go got rid of the conveyor belt and they are now an ordinary AYCE Korean yakiniku restaurant. Lunch is $17.99 per person, and it was good, so I figured it's only fair that I update my previous scathing review of this place.Meat selection is decent- There are seven different kinds of meats, but the kalbi is  the best by far. The pork belly was kind of chewy, and we also noticed that there was no ribeye. Boo. I think there are some squid legs too, but I'm not sure. Vegetables include bell peppers, onions, zucchini, mushrooms, and lettuce.There are ten different standard banchan dishes that one would expect to find at an AYCE yakiniku joint. None of them were cool or memorable besides the thinly-sliced pickled daikon. Take a slice, put a piece of grilled meat on it, add whatever sauce you like, slap on a clove of garlic, then roll it up and shove that whole damn thing into your mouth for some fun times. There are also different salads, fruits, and jello in another refrigerated case, but none of them are interesting. The jello, like the pork belly, was hard and chewy. No bueno. I'd say skip this section entirely and save your stomach room for meat.My only gripe/first world problem: the garlic is thinly sliced, which is great, but when we put them on the grill, some of them would fall into the holes in the grill. We must have dropped a whole clove of garlic down there. Oops.Service was great, probably because we were the only customers for lunch. The servers constantly checked up on us, our water glasses were always filled, and they even changed the grill for us three times! Honestly, I thought I think Dish Go is really more like 3.5 stars, but I'm bumping it up to 4 stars because the restaurant is CLEAN, service was great, and we had a pleasant experience because we had the entire restaurant to ourselves for two and a half hours. However, I can imagine that if the restaurant were full that we would have a completely different experience at Dish Go.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,4/23/2013,483,289,10,23,16>This is a place that has been here for years and years.  I would always pass by whenever I was on my way to school, or later work at UH, but I had never stopped to eat there.  Recently I would mostly end up passing by this place in the mornings, so I would never see it open, and I began to wonder if they were still in business.  Then I started seeing Yelp reviews popping up within the last month, and those reviews were pretty positive, so I decided that I would make it a point to check it out.I'm very glad I did!  I was with a friend on Sunday for lunch, and we actually wanted to check out Shaloha, but when we got there the place wasn't open.  After some quick thinking we decided on heading down the street to go to The Greek Corner since we were in a Mediterranean sort of mood.  Upon entering this cozy little restaurant we were quickly greeted by the friendly waitress, and told we could sit anywhere we wanted.  We sat, and the waitress followed us with our menus.We decided to split the...GREEK CORNER MIXED VEGETABLES:  An appetizer combination of hummus, baba ghannouge, falafel balls, tabouli, and pita bread.  This was a really good mix of the appetizer dishes for those who can't make up their mind.  It's also quite large, so it was a lot for just two of us.  It could easily accommodate a party of four.And I had ordered a...GYRO SANDWICH W/ BEEF AND LAMB:  This hefty gyro was bulging with tasty, tender, perfectly cooked slices of beef and lamb accompanied with some fresh veggies, and refreshing tzatziki sauce.  It was a very tasty and filling sandwich.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who goes there.As alluded to earlier the service was quite friendly, and quite attentive as well.  It may have been because there were only a couple of other tables in there for most of the time we were there, but it did start filling up as we were eating our meal, and the service was still pretty good.  Parking is validated for the Puck's Alley parking lot, but on Sundays parking is free anyway.  Winning!***31 Yelps: 31/31***
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,4/22/2013,1750,731,12,25,17>Wada is a magical restaurant where wonderful things happen.LOCATION: Kapahulu Ave, near Papa John's in the former Tokkuri Tei spot.CONTEMPORARY JAPANESE: Now on to the important stuff - the food! I call it Contemporary Japanese. Wada reminds me of one of the bistros I used to frequent in Seattle, but Japanese. Its clean, sophisticated menu nicely reflects the contemporary feel of the place. Homemade Honey Bacon - $7.75 - light seared, extra thick pork belly yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… It was clearly pork belly & not some mystery piece of pork bacon, so I was glad for that. :) And yes, it is as good as it sounds.Yamato Imo Pancake - $6.50 - Japanese mountain yam AKA "yamato imo" or yamaimo pancake yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… I absolutely love yamaimo, so this was a real winner for me. Recommended w/ some shoyu & wasabi, which is given.  yelp.com/biz_photos/wada…Washugyu Tataki - $12.50 - w/ wasabi ponzu yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… Tender, soft & tasty. The wasabi ponzu was carefully planned bc it didn't drown out the natural meaty flavor of the beef. I loved it!Ahi Tuna Belly - $9.75 - flash fried ginger soy marinated ahi tuna belly yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… Tender & flavorful. I appreciated that the sauce was light enough where I could actually taste the fish.Buffalo Mozzarella Age Dashi - $9.50 - flash fried mozzarella w/ shiso in dashi yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… If you like mozzarella, shiso or agedashi, you'll want to try this creative dish! I happen to love all 3, so this was a real winner in my eyes.Beef Tartar - $12 - finely chopped raw washugyu yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… Each bite was delightful. IDK what else they mix w/ the beef, but it's darned good. My favorite dish of the night. Beef & Sea Urchin Sushi - $8/pc - sliced washugyu short rib sashimi topped w/ uni yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… This nigiri sushi was made w/ a thin slice of washugyu beef & a small piece of uni. The washugyu was a bit lost, as the uni kind of overpowered the whole thing. Great for uni lovers I guess.Hiyashi Tan Tongue Men - $10.50 - cold noodles & ground tongue served w/ a spicy sesame broth yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… There was a slight spiciness to the sauce, which I really appreciated.  I'd order it again.Sashimi Omakase - 5 kinds/$32 yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… Honestly, for $32, it was kind of skimpy.. especially since the sashimi pieces were like 1/2 the size of regular sashimi at most other places. But the variety we had was pretty nice.SPECIALSFried Soft Shell Shrimp - $7.50 - white shrimp served w/ yuzu salt yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… Tasty as all heck. These fried shrimps were soft shell, but crunchy enough where I was able to eat the whole shrimp in 1 bite. Good thing about the soft shell part is not getting stabbed by the legs/antennae. Delicious!Mino Yubiki - $8.50 - flash boiled first stomach w/ ponzu sauce yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… Yes, it's tripe. Cows have 4 stomachs & this dish was made w/ the 1st of the 4! Our server pointed out that the regular menu features a dish including the 3rd stomach, which lead to one of my dining buddies asking about the 2nd & 4th. LOL. We were told that they do make use of them. This dish was surprisingly great.Maguro Poke - $9.25 - ahi poke scraped from rib bone yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… I liked the saltiness of the limu, but I'm sure I've had better poke. The fish itself was better quality than most other poke I've had. Good.SERVICE: Slightly lacking, but very pleasant during each encounter. Our server was nice enough to give me a larger water cup bc I had been downing each "regular" sized cup of water like shots of Goose.VERDICT: Yes! Even though we (my party of 3, including me) tried a good portion of the menu, there's still a bunch more dishes to try! It's like Pokemon - gotta catch 'em all! There wasn't a single dish that the 3 of us didn't like. Needless to say, I'll be back.Bonus: yelp.com/biz_photos/wada… Edible gold stars in the tea!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,4/21/2013,156,70,14,12,9>Oh my laaaaaawwd. Can I just live here?!So apparently Gastropubs are places that serve high end food and beverages. These hotspots originated from the UK and because of that, my aunty and I decided it would be fun to continue the night with English accents. How obnoxious! Hahaha ;)Dash was so accommodating for my cousin's bachelorette party of maybe 25 ladies. The service was pretty damn impeccable considering how many of us there were and how obnoxious we all were as a whole. The drinks were all great and reasonably priced, as well.Let me get on about the food. The reason for my existence. The reason for having taste buds at all. The reason for any sort of love that I have for deliciousness in my mouth. Dash, you've done your food RIGHT!!1 lb Sizzling Kalbi:Oh, does it! All eyes turn to this sizzling masterpiece as its wonderful juices continue to do it's thang in its little cast iron pan. Topped off with sesame seeds and green onion slivers, the meat itself is soft, tender, and beautifully coated with an amazingly delicious shoyu-sugar/kalbi sauce. The bottom of the pan has a nice layer of the mouth-breaking sauce so as to allow me more yummy juices for this amazing meat.Classic Furikake Chicken:Crunchy, salty, garlic-y, and amazing. Simple and complicated all at the same time. How does that even happen? Perfectly bite-sized so that I can still look cute while stuffing my face!Fresh Kettle Chips:Pretty much what I think of would be a staple: chips. Not just any kind of chip, though, noooooo. Thinly sliced and perfectly salted, deep-fried until turned that beautiful golden brown. It's paired with a guava ketchup that's something that's a must-try. A sweet-sour ketchup with a salty-starchy chip? Oh, yeah. Now that's addicting. The serving is quite massive, I must say, and can definitely whet your appetite for everything else that's about to come.Garlic Bacon Fried Rice:Ahhh, la piece de resistance. Rice: the side dish that ties every meal together (well, in my Asian opinion at least hehe). Throw in some garlic, bacon, and a great blend of seasonings, and we've got a great marriage. And I can't forget that it's also topped off with 2 sunny-side up eggs. The pieces of bacon aren't itty-bitty and that's always wonderful; I'd like to see my bacon when I eat it, thank you! It pairs well with pretty much all of the protein dishes and it's just perfect by itself. This fried rice is definitely a must-order when coming to Dash.Original Dynamite Chicken:Aww, yeeeah. More fried chicken. This time, it's covered with sweet chili and "firecracker" sauce. This dish was the one that I was really looking forward to. I was a bit let down, though. The sauce on top was a sort of chipotle-mayo type that wasn't impressive at all. If they drizzled on some sriracha to go with that sweet chili sauce, now that would've been amazing!Steak Fries:Steak. Fries. French Fries are on my Top 5 favorite food list so this HAD to be ordered. HAD TO BE. Thick cut and deep fried, how could I say no? It's served with the Dash dipping sauce but I honestly can't remember it. I'm wondering if my cousins kept it all to themselves or it just wasn't given to us at all? Either way, it doesn't matter. The steak fries were good just by itself. However, I'm definitely a fan of the guava ketchup and kept that to myself.Dash Poke:We ordered this but the plate came to me with only one left!!!!!!!!!!! NOOOOOO! So I offered the last one to my cousin and of course she took it!!! I guess it's that much of a hit - nobody is willing to share it, hahaha. The ambiance is great and the tables are seat-yourself which is kind of a pain but if you go a bit earlier, then you're sure to get a good spot. Everyone complains about the parking because their lot fits like 2 cars (exaggeration, of course) but the valet is cheap and efficient so it's not too bad. If you're gonna be drinking, you shouldn't have to worry about the parking situation since no driving should be involved!~
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,4/20/2013,676,463,3,14,9>LOVE!!!  Tsuku Tsuku Tei, you are my comeback kid.I've been putting off reviewing Tsuku Tsuku Tei for almost a year because the first time was extremely forgettable and I didn't feel like being a biyatch after one try.Flash forward to December 2012.I came here for lunch with some girlfriends because the one visiting from out of town wanted good noodles...udon specifically.  I didn't want to deal with the parking for Marukame and I don't care for Jimbo's so I suggested Tsuku Tsuku Tei...Cue church chorus now because hallelujah, they stepped up their game big time!  They expanded their menu greatly and included lunch specials from $8.  The special includes a regular size hot/cold udon + mini something.The udon is delicious!  I love chewy noodles and Tsuku's homemade udon has the perfect texture.  Their broth for both hot and cold udon is very tasty.  I could slurp them all day everyday!  Their regular size is huge so unless you are starving or have as many stomachs as a cow, by all means, pay a little bit extra and go Large.The mini side dish I've had so far was the pork bowl and curry rice.  The pork bowl was good because it's flavorful.  This combo will leave you stuffed.  The curry rice is all right, just curry with some carrots and rice.  I would go for the pork bowl again.Cold udon with mini pork bowl: yelp.com/biz_photos/tsuk…Other things I've "sampled" from others:Chicken kaarage: fried to crispy perfection and seasoned with lots of salt and pepper.  The chicken remains moist so this was good.Shrimp tempura: the pieces are huge upon arrival but the batter is pretty thick.  Hit or miss because once they were nomz and another day all I could taste was oil after my first bite.Tempura ice cream ($4.90): I ALWAYS get fried ice cream when it's on the menu because I'm on a quest to find the best.  Well, unfortunately, it's not fried.  It's fried udon pieces coated in cinnamon sugar and sesame seeds and the ice cream is rolled in it.  Still very good and the sesame seeds gave it that extra hint of flavor and texture that's unexpected.  I love that they make this to order so that it remains crunchy unlike Torito's that have faux fried ice cream pre-made so it loses it's crisp. yelp.com/biz_photos/tsuk…Service is great!  The workers are quick with the tea and water refills which is much appreciated.  Most of the workers and diners are legit, like straight from the motherland legit so I'm sure that's a good sign!  I will be back!  They have a loyalty card as well so now I just gotta remember to carry it with me.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,4/19/2013,231,559,20,26,22>Who would have thought?A vegetarian / organic restaurant where everything is organic NO MEATS(instead you get TEV), NO CARBS (instead you get protein), NO SUGAR(instead get agave). Turthfully, the meal wasn't bad at all. I had the (h) and soeul. Organic version of Bih Bim Pap. And it was tasty.... The plate could have been a little larger giving an opportunity to toss everything together, the chili miso could have been a little more "chili" than miso.... That said, if I go back there, I will definitely order the "heart" and soeul.Pass on the ice cream as the vanilla ice cream (made with soy) tasted more soy than vanilla. The berries which topped the ice cream was a bit "tart".Iced Teas? My pick of the entire meal. The tea was good. clean tasting more like a colored water and a hint of tea rather than a dark color tea where caffiene is more predominant in taste.While I didn't have their sandwiches, it did look good and they make their own ciabatta bread....Great place to go if you have friends or guests who are vegetarian. Oh, parking is in the back of the building off King Street.Best? Service! Friendly staffing from the hostess to the cooks in the back! That is worth the effort for the next visit
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,4/18/2013,253,278,9,22,13>Please put your conceit aside and read.Quite frankly, some of the reviews on here upset me. You don't come to a vegan RAW restaurant and complain about how you don't have enough food and the bread isn't what you were expecting and the burger wasn't what you're expecting. Such conceit! Your lack of knowledge to the raw vegan world and the resulting lack of stars to acknowledge this great new niche restaurant makes me shake my head.If any of these reviewers had picked up a raw vegan cookbook, or learned a little bit about the lifestyle, they would not be surprised by what they were served and not be disappointed.How do you measure FULLNESS anyway? When you go from eating your two scoop rice, mac, teri beef, spam, chicken katsu plate lunch and then go to a vegan restaurant of course you can't expect the same level of "fullness" attributed to starch and heavy carbs, etc! RAW VEGAN is all about not over stuffing your face, getting the balance of portion sizes which America seems to not understand and delving into a healthier lifestyle by being cautious of what you put in you. The nutritional density of raw food is more "filling" and satisfying to your body than a typical plate lunch! The reason your body consumes so much plate lunch food is because it needs nutrients to fuel it! Do you think a plate lunch can get you the same level of nutrition in a living lasagna? Of course not! So you eat more rice, more teriyaki beef, more spam, and you have cravings and your body does its best to work with what it's given.I like my meat.BUT Slyvia's food is SO GOOD and SO TASTY and I feel so clean and happy and not kanacking that I am ok with not eating meat and that is a HUGE compliment to her food! When I've particularly had a bad few days (ate greasy pasteles 3 days in a row), I come here and I renew myself like the hot tub Inn in Spirited Away. I read someone say something about the attitude of a person I am guessing is Sylvia herself (the wonderful lady who brought this niche restaurant into existence). I imagine it must be so unnerving to run a restaurant with no experience. To have to deal with people's unrealistic expectations due to lack of knowledge of the vegan raw world. I feel for her. I spoke to her and she opened up and told me lots of information and was warm and welcoming. Not every hostess is going to be able to put on the fake smile and hospitable demeanor but when she smiles, it is honest. You can't fault her for that.I commend Sylvia and her husband for tackling such a huge project as launching and running a restaurant - it is no easy task. She has worked hard and the least you can do is drop your pretentious expectations, be open to what you are served - it is different and you should already know this from the words RAW VEGAN, and don't rate this wonderful restaurant poorly because the food is not what you were expecting because you are basing your expectations on an entirely different style of cuisine and lifestyle!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,4/17/2013,478,91,6,11,8>==================================================­=RjR - Issue # 90 -  BEST OF THE BEST POKE on THE GO Edition==================================================­=Without a doubt, a gleaming GEM in the the middle of Kalihi...hidden within a storefront that looks like an ordinary liquor store.   You enter the doorway, go thru the one turnstile and travel to the inward...and there you will find poke heaven, next to a savory food rack of tasty meat selections...Hands down when I want a Poke plate lunch...THIS is my GO-TO SPOT!When I fly back into Oahu from the MAINLAND, and I want POKE right off the flight...Ya better take me here! Ha! Ha!Why is this my favorite?  Not only the vast selections they offer...or superior freshness that can be had with each bite...But for the fact that I can surf and turf the plate lunch...With either of the following:  Prime Rib, Beef Brisket, Roast Pork, Kalua Pig, Turkey Tail, Char Siu, or Roast Duck...Along with a scoop Rice, Kim Chee...and the oh so ono Crab Potato Salad.Topped with an extra cool service counter crew...tucked in behind the fresh goodness.Now keep in mind, this is a store front!...Not a restaurant - so no tables and chairs - to chow down at....so this is ON THE GO DINING at its tastiest.  CHECK OUT my LAST SELECTION:(Limu Ahi Poke, Smoke Prime Rib, Scoop Rice, Kim Chee, and Crab Potato salad) yelp.com/biz_photos/wKZ_…
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,4/16/2013,24,31,4,19,8>Rating: 4/5Date(s) Visited: 12/25/12Food: 4/5Service: 4/5Atmosphere: 4/5Price: 4/5Heijouen, if I am not mistaken, is Japan's equivalent of Gyu-kaku and the Kapahulu location seems to be their first property located in Hawaii. In a market already saturated with yakiniku places, can Heijouen successfully differentiate itself? The answer seems hopeful.FoodLike Gyu-kaku, Heijouen's menu primarily features Japanese yakiniku items with a few Korean dishes sprinkled here and there. Unlike Gyu-kaku, however, Heijouen's focus seems to be primarily on offering quality beef products. There are no "cheap" beef items here, but do not let that discourage you. They charge a premium because you are getting premium quality.My friend and I ordered their gyu tongue, regular harami, and fine strip loin. I was a bit wary of trying the tongue, but the strawberry red pieces of meat sprinkled with sesame seeds and a light dash of pepper was too tempting. As to be expected of a tongue, it was a bit tough, but otherwise was hearty.The harami was served in long, thin slices about the width of a man's thumb. They cooked quickly and were quite tender. As the "cheapest" meat on their menu, I was satisfied, but it paled in comparison to the fine strip loin. They charged a pretty penny for it, but it was completely worth it. The chef's recommendation was to eat it rare, which I did. The beef was buttery - silky, even. At Gyu-kaku, you might be tempted to scarf something like this down, but at Heijouen it is a dish meant to be savored.I got their chicken as well. When grilled and blackened appropriately, it tastes rather like yakitori. We received a good portion, but my only complaint was that the pieces of chicken were rather spherical. Since nobody orders chicken rare like a steak, we were not sure when they were done and left them on the grill for a while. I also ordered hiyayakko, which was a bit disappointing. The amount of tofu was extremely generous, but it lacked the same sort of classy aura the other dishes had. There were no green onions or katsuobushi - just a small ball of grated ginger and a splash of sauce. It still tasted good, but it definitely felt like a neglected item. ServiceOverall, the service here is reasonably good. We were seated promptly, given menus, and allowed to take our time deciding. The waiter rather hovered around us since we were taking forever, but was otherwise polite. Our food was brought out quickly and we ate in peace. Unfortunately, our table was rather small, so my glass of ice water soon melted into lukewarm water and it was not refilled. Our check also took quite some time with apologies, but no explanation. But other than those two gripes, the service here is unlikely to offend or disappoint in any significant way.AtmosphereSince Heijouen is a chain restaurant in Japan, it is a "safe" place to eat for Japanese tourists - kind of like going to McDonalds overseas... kind of. The entire restaurant was filled with Japanese tourists and we were greeted by the chef, in Japanese, who asked if we were from Japan. That was a bit unexpected, so we awkwardly explained in English even though we were capable of speaking Japanese. If you know Japanese, you might want to brush up. The chef seems like the sort of person with many good stories to tell.What really sets Heijouen apart from other yakiniku places is that the air actually moves in the restaurant. You can come here and feel reasonably certain that you are not going to come out smelling like smoke. That might change if it gets extremely busy, but you will definitely feel the overhead fans circulating the air like you are at the Pali lookout.The décor is not anything special, but it is nice, clean, and intimate. I can imagine taking someone here on a date and not screaming. over the people sitting next to us. The same cannot be said of Gyu-kaku. If you want a good laugh and can read some Japanese, look at some of the translations. A few of them seem to have been plugged into Google translate and pasted into their U.S. menu. PriceI waffled on what rating I wanted to give Heijouen for their prices. It is more expensive than Gyu-kaku and most other yakiniku restaurants, but the quality makes up for it. The attention paid to their beef, however, does not always translate to other menu items, so that seems to be a strike against them. Ultimately, however, I am going to err on the side of optimism and give them the better rating. Heijouen is not trying to appeal to the raucous, after work happy hour types who want cheap food and alcohol. Their menu seems targeted at people who know what premium beef, good service, and a calm environment are worth. Expect to pay approximately $20 per person and do not expect to leave feeling as though you had gone to a buffet, but that leaves the night open to dessert or coffee.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,4/15/2013,42,103,,12,5>I've been addicted to acai bowls lately. It's supposed to be a healthy alternative to dessert since you get acai and fruits. Plus, who wouldn't love something cool and sweet on a hot day? I was lured to this place because I read that they use pure acai without blending it with apple juice or soy milk.I ordered the Tropical Tribe Bowl which was $8. It has blueberries, bananas, strawberries, honey, and granola: the usual. First thing I noticed is the dark color of the acai. It also looks more solid and creamier than other places. On the first bite, the flavor of this acai was surely different. To me, it was more of a subtle acai taste. But when paired with the succulent drizzle of honey and fruits, there's a certain harmony going on here! It was a very refreshing treat.I wouldn't say this was the best neighborhood since there's an adult store right next to it and the lot is shared by EcoCabs. I also smelled pee... But all that wasn't important when I'm enjoying my acai bowl. Plus, this is a great post-workout treat for those working out at 24 Hour Fitness across the street.You can park in the same lot where the wagon is at. I'm very grateful for their long hours everyday and hope they stay in business for a very long time.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,4/14/2013,239,386,12,11,11>Came here for the first time to dine in at the bar - My family has gotten catered food from Ige's (love the shoyu pork) but this was my first experience actually in the restaurant.It was a Friday and there was a live band scheduled to play. They were there setting up and testing mikes from when we arrived but didn't play until 8:45pm.  That's a whole different story.My friends and I sat at the bar and ordered a ton of food: Fried Saimin, Shoyu pork, Lechon Kawali, Steak, Edamame, fries, chicken salad...I think that was everything...let me refer to my photo cause there was a ton of food - for 4 people. And drinks galore - I didn't have an alcoholic beverage because 1, I was already tired, 2, I had to work early in the AM, and 3, it was actually quite fun people watching...Well, like champs, we ate everything... And I have to say, new favorite dish! Lechon! It was fabulous.  I could have eaten the whole plate.  So in case of not knowing, lechon is crispy pork belly with tomatos, onions, and sauce. And super ono. I mean, everything was good but this was heavenly.My friends dubbed the night "Fat Girl Fridays" and we are going to try to make this a Friday night tradition. I'm not sure if I can do it every Friday because of work schedules and such but it was hella fun.The live music was an added bonus, with watching the "old people" dance.  We did join in the dancing with the electric slide and then some. It was a super awesome night out with friends and we will definitely be going back!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,4/13/2013,122,491,4,10,7>THREE WORDS: Prix fixe menu!  My first review of 2013!  My husband and I came here for our anniversary last weekend.  Since we were staying at Aulani (where their food leaves much to be desired), we figured that we would venture over here where you know you can always get a good meal.  From the moment we entered, we were greeted with "Happy Anniversary!"  I thought that was really special of them to do.  There are plenty of waiters, waitresses, hosts, hostesses, busboys, and bartenders to help you.We both decided on getting the prix fixe menu because there was an appetizer, entree, and dessert for only ~$42.  I think that's a bargain for a nice dining experience.  There was nothing that caught my eye on the regular menu either... Anyway, I ended up getting the salmon and my husband got the braised beef? (I forget the exact title).  The appetizers were the same and we got one souffle and one mac nut tart.The portions were HUGE!  The appetizer was normal sized but the entree looked like it could feed 2 of us!  My husband had two big slabs of meat and my salmon looked to be at least 12 ounces!  I was so stuffed when I ate half of it.  To give you an idea of our appetites that day, I think we only ate some pizza at Costco because we wanted to save room for dinner.  The entrees were delicious!!!The food service was really speedy.  We got all our courses in less than an hour!  Our desserts were alright.  The souffle was better at the Hawaii Kai location and the tart was alright but not that tasty.  The ice cream was not Haagen Daaz and I do prefer Haagen Daaz. Every person at Roy's was very polite but our waiter was nice but he seemed fake.  I mean I guess if you deal with customers all day... but still, it was just out of place.  Otherwise, everything was spectacular.  I would recommend coming here to anyone who is staying at Aulani or Ihilani.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,4/12/2013,450,125,9,11,12>VIVA LAS...GINZA?This club is a definite recommendation to anyone from me.  I seriously feel like this is my favorite club.  Everyone is dressed well, the place I modernly decorated, the music is HOUSE, the lights are superb and the place is just CLASSY.  Anyone would have a blast here and with all of its class, it is by far the closest thing to Vegas that Hawaii has.  It is somewhat exclusive on the busier nights and they have a pretty strict dress code.  For clubs, my checklist goes like this: 1. Music 2. Dance Floor 3. Lights 4. Class 5. Drinks.1. Music: The best music on the island.  This is definitely a place to go dancing at.  It is pretty much HOUSE ALL NIGHT, but who doesn't love house? The music just gets you in the mood for dancing and uplifts your energy.  They always have a live dj on the weekends and they are always awesome!!!  A couple times they had djs from the mainland and they sure know how to spin house!2. Dance Floor:  The biggest and coolest dance floor.  It is nice wide dance floor.  I very large square surrounded by the VIP tables on 1 1/2 sides, the dj/stage on 1 and bars on the other 1  1/2.  I love the dance floor.  When I say cool, I mean temperature wise.  They have the coldest dance floor I have ever danced on, but once it is packed and you have been dancing, the coolness is perfect.  You definitely do not sweat or do not sweat as much as you would in every single club on Oahu. 3. Lights: The lights here totally remind me of Vegas.  They have really good lights here and a lot of laser lights.  I love laser lights and it's a good thing to have in night clubs.  The lighting here is perfect for the house music too.  With your ears listening to amazing beats and your feet tapping to every sound, your eyes finally get rolled into a mirage of color.  AWESOMENESS4. Class: Due to their strict dress code and exclusive membership cards, I think it is pretty classy.  They do have a high entrance cover for men.  It ranges depending on who you go with.  Sometimes I got in for free because of the girls I am with, most times were $15, my first time was $30 and I heard they sometimes charge people up to $100.  But hey, it's a classy place and worth the club experience, just like Vegas covers right?5. Drinks: I have never thought my tab here was expensive, so I think the drinks here cost just as much as other clubs.   That makes it awesome because for a classier experience, the price of alcohol doesn't cost more.  I also like that they put all drinks in a glass looking cup, not any ghetto plastic cup.It is open until 4am so I normally end up here after pre-gaming late at another venue or event.  I suggest you try to get here before 130a, because it will get packed real quick!  Girls are free on Saturdays!Ginza never fails me.  I always have a great time and end up leaving near the end.  I always get really drunk here and just dance out to the music until I sober up.  I seriously recommend everyone to go here if you can.  It is A MUST!!!!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,4/11/2013,651,637,6,23,20>Malasadas!  Need I say more?Although Leonard's has evolved into a tourist trap, it's still popular amongst the locals as well.  No one can resist their malasadas - they are simply the best.  I personally prefer the good old fashioned sugar malasada, but many like the malasada puffs which are filled with custard, dobash or haupia.  But wait, while you're here, take home some of their delicious pastries, cookies, and breads.  My personal favorites from small-kid time are the pao doce (Portuguese sweet bread), lady fingers, non-pareil cookies, and brownies.BEWARE: do not park in the parking lot makai (south) of Leonard's.  They will tow your car away.  Don't even think that you can just run in and out because I've seen people try to do that and their car was hooked to the tow truck in less than 5 minutes and the tow truck driver refused to drop the vehicle, while they were still on the lot.  Per Hawaii law, the truck driver was supposed to have dropped it at no cost to the owner. (Thanks to Santi T. for reminding me about this!).
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,4/10/2013,376,199,69,38,41>"Pho" is a very dangerous word to use in a name.The correct pronunciation of "pho" is "fuh".youtu.be/jgX2q9WPoqoHere are some words that begin with the "fuh" sound.Fu-nFu-zzyFu-nkyFu-ckFu-tWhen I first saw the Pho Thinh sign, I think I pronounced the name wrong.  I pronounced it "Fuh Thinh" ....which is something that I do a lot at my age.  Especially if I eat beans!!In Hawaii, many people do not pronounce "pho" correctly.  The incorrect pronunciation of "pho" is "foe".  I hear so many people in Hawaii say "foe" instead of "fuh" when they order "pho".Some words that being with the "foe" sound.Pho-tographFo-reverFo-rgetableFo-rnicateFo-rdI decide to write this review using the correct and incorrect foe-netic pronunciation of "pho".  I hope you can follow along.I turn into the Pho Thinh parking lot when the white Pho(Foe)-d in front of me suddenly stopped.I honk my horn.  "HONK!  H-OOOOONK!"I yell!  "What the pho(fuh)-k!  Get your fuh-ked up, fuh-kin junk ass Foe-d Pho(Foe)-cus moving....Asshole!!"I'm one of those driver's that is easily irritated and gets really fuh-kin mad when I'm behind the wheel of my car.I see and read the Pho Thinh sign (see pho(foe)-to) above the restaurant entrance and start laughing out loud.  I let out a loud, accidental, laughing Pho(fuh)-t....Ooops!!yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-…Don't laugh!  I'm sure everyone has let out one of those loud, embarrassing, accidental pho(fuh)-ts when they laughed; sometime in their lifetime.I park my car, walk in the restaurant and sit down.  I look at the amusing Fuh Thinh menu (see foe-to).  Heh!  Heh!yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-…Now "Fuh" is another dangerous word.  In the hood, "fuh" is used when you want to sound cool.  It's a laid back word for "fuck" used by boyz n the hood.The Fuh Thinh menu had all kinds of fuh.  For me, I never really had this but some people really like the flank fuh!  Check out the foe-to and the different fuh on the Fuh Thinh menu.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-…I called over the waiter and ordered the medium steak, tendon and tripe combination fuh (see foe-to).  The waiter was really on it but as he turned, I thought I heard him Pho(fuh)-t!!  I immediately stopped breathing and held my breath.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-…I laughed to myself because I thought the sound was really pho(fuh)-nny.I slowly started inhaling and the restaurant had a nice, refreshing smell.  I think that the sound I heard was just a figment of my wild imagination.The soup of my fuh was Pho(fuh)-lavorful.  Overall, I thought the fuh was pho(foe)-r fuh-kin stars.I thinh I will be coming here again for more pho(fuh).What the fuh!  Maybe I'll come back tomorrow and try the Saturday Bun Rieu special.   I heard this special is so fuh-kin good; it gives you a pho(fuh)-zzy homey feeling.--------------------------------------------------­----------------------------------I just read what I wrote.  I thinh this review is pho(foe)-getable.  Maybe even regrettable!Can you believe it?  I write a review about the fuh at Pho Thinh because I pronounced their name "Fuh Thinh".  I thought the name sounded kind of Pho(fuh)-nny; but now this review just might get flagged.Oh FUH!!  Be-foe you fuh-kin flag me, please consider and understand that this review was written by an old fuh-t that fuh-ted that was just trying to be fuh-nny!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,4/9/2013,419,110,8,9,10>One of my favorite restaurants on Oahu. I have tried to top Jimbo's countless times, but all the 22 years that I've been living on Oahu (a.k.a my whole stinkin' life) there is no other place that makes me feel like I'm never being judged when I come in to eat by myself, come in to eat more than once in a day, come in wearing my bowling uniform, come in with my boss multiple times in a week and talk extremely exuberantly... Point is, I feel accepted and at home as a customer at Jimbo. This, I feel, is something that adds to an experience, and is something that can easily be overlooked.I planned to rave about the udon at Jimbo, I'd like to take that time and skip it due to the fact that I am not sure how to write the sounds that I so shamelessly make as I consume the udon dishes - noodles and hot broth - all. I will then take that time to appreciate the other dishes such as the curry, tempuras, fried rice, katsu don, oyako don, etc. etc. etc.! AHHH! Especially their combos! Burst the pant-button good! Onolicious! I can't stop freaking out writing this review! @_@  I know it is a bit pricy, which is the reason why I've cut down my multi-weekly visits here. However, the experience and the consistently amazing food is a reason why Jimbo is packed as soon as it opens and has it's great number of loyal customers.Good on you, Jimbo. (Iloveyouguyssomuch. xoxo.)
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,4/8/2013,191,170,3,12,8>Talk about a real hidden gem!  Siam Square is a legit Thai spot found in the heart of Waikiki.  This establishment has a direct connection to another Siam Thai spot found off of Nimitz Highway.  With that type of pedigree, you know you're in for a good meal.  The restaurant itself is quaint and casual.  It's not the spot to transport you to the streets of Thailand, but it's definitely clean and comfortable.  Being in Waikiki, you frequently find big box, mainland chains.  Siam Square provides a nice home feel with authentic Thai food.  Service has always been good.  The place is small and they typically have 1 or 2 servers.  I can imagine on a night when they are cranking, service may suffer.  But all in all, great every time I've been there.  What shines here is the food.  I've had the pleasure of trying:- Pad Ki Mao- Pad Pri King- Pad Thai- Green Curry- Fried Chicken- Spring Rolls- LarbEverything has been good.  The Pad Ki Mao (drunken noodles) is AMAZEBALLS.  This is one of my go to items to order.  The fried chicken is great as well.  There's just something about Thai style fried chicken.  They just do it right.  It's a 4 out of 5 for me for the quality of food, proximity to work, and authentic flavors of the southeast.  Furthermore, they even offer a kama'aina discount and they accept IDCard!  Not a five star due to lack of parking.  As in, NO PARKING.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,4/7/2013,261,112,5,10,9>~~ Here's the SHORT VERSION of my review of Ichiriki ~~* Tasty food* Great Price* Fun & Interactive food making* Nice and clean* Family style.* Great Service~~ FOOD I ATE ~~To order food is a little different... well let me explain.This is Nabe which some might consider similar to shabu shabu or hot pot.  First thing you want to do is pick the different broths you want.  Then pick the meats you want.We tried the Miso, spicy and Ichiriki broths and ordered 2 pork and one beef.We had a party of 6 adults and one 4 year old and the 3 orders of the meats and 3 extra rice was enough to fill us up.At the end I was amazed on the price, which was $42 dollars.  Amazing for 6 and 1/2 people for lunch!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Overall this place was awesome.  It was fun and easy to cook the food at an awesome price.  The server was nice and there were others that came by to fill our waters and check on us.  I will be coming back!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,4/6/2013,196,206,6,8,8>Another Great bar visit, thanks to my Yelp friends!  This bar is adjacent to the Sam Choy's Breakfast Lunch and Crab Restaurant on Nimitz Highway.  The place looks like a converted warehouse, large open spaces, but also dressed up very nicely.  Great bar on the right, and couches set up in a "U" formation right in front of the bar.  Tables scattered throughout the floor plan.  There were also flat screen TVs scattered throughout the entire restaurant.  This could be a great sports bar or "pau hana" place to hang out.Great assortment of micro brews, made fresh at their brewery.  They offer a beer sampler with 6 of their beers, ranging from dark to the light "Blonde" beer.  I also like the fact that they offered beer sold by the pitcher!  Very cold, nice flavored beers.  Most of my friends preferred Aloha Beer Company over Gordon Biersch.  Happy Hour specials offer this great beer for $3 per pint!Food/pupusThis is strictly a bar/pupu menu, go next door to Sam Choy's for dinner.  We love this hearty nachos, with beans, guacamole, salsa, and cheese.  The stir fried pork with onions, and loved their Kim chee fried rice.  Very yummy!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,4/5/2013,593,140,2,8,7>My ultimate favorite place to go for late night munchies. So lately I like to avoid bars and clubs and I've been coming here quite often almost once a week for the past month and half. I definitely always come during happy hour and service is most of the time on top of it (with refills and quick ordering) Sometimes if they are super busy, they might forget a thing or two. This place got a lot of history. its all over their walls.. literally.Now heres a couple things that I ALWAYS order:-Fresh salmon with Maui Onion-baby fried Tako (must try)-spicy Negitoroand then I always get dessert which for me its green tea ice cream. I know they have Mac nut and one other flavor as well. They got great combos and beer for happy hour and its a great deal.Parking gets kind of complicating when its busy. they only have like 8-12 stalls and everyone else gotta look for street parking.So if you're hungry late at night or even need a chill place to drink, come here and check it out!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,4/4/2013,360,130,20,8,11>Shhh. Tell me your secrets Pearl City. I won't tell the East Side. PSYCH!Oh gosh. How did I not know about this place all my life. I had to find out about it in Puka Guide earlier this year. I spoke to my friends from the area..."have you heard of this place?""Oh yea, Miki's"".... WHY HAVE WE BEEN GOING TO ANNA MILLERS AFTER HOURS ALL THESE YEARS?"Ugh. It's cause drunks want breakfast foods. I don't. I want Laulau. I want Pasteles. I want food of the motherfuckin aina when I'm wasted.Since discovering it, I have made treks from Waikiki to Pearl City at 2am just for it. My first time was with Thomas O. Second time with Hideyo K. Now I just go by myself and become how I imagine Jessica Simpson to be when she's alone with food. Chewing? WHY BOTHER!Secret's out. The middle-of-the-night breakfast monotony is over. While the fools are at Mac 247, I'll be at Sand Villa. While the fools are at Anna Millers or Zippys, I'll be at Miki's.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,4/3/2013,830,800,5,11,9>I saw Kyung Seafood featured on the news so we decided to go check it out. For a plate lunch, IMO the prices are a little expensive. For $12.99 you can get a kalbi + poke plate lunch that includes 2 scoops of rice and your choice of kimchi (cabbage or cucumber) or mac salad.The Korean ladies working here are so nice. I asked for one scoop of rice and to have both cucumber kimchi and mac salad and they didn't charge me extra. I was also pleasantly surprised that when my food came out, they gave me 3 slices of their grilled chicken. It was moist and tasty. They said they are famous for their kalbi and chicken so they wanted me to come back next time for the chicken plate. The kalbi was well marinated and had a great flavor. The meat was a bit thick so it was challenging to take smaller bites of the meat but it was tasty nonetheless. I opted for the sesame oil ahi poke with white onions. The ahi is covered in masago, the onions are sweet and the sesame oil flavor is very light. It was pretty good but I would not pay $17.99 per lb for it. For poke, I'd much rather go elsewhere. My friend got the sashimi salad and there was a generous portion of ahi and salmon sashimi + a huge heaping pile of masago on top. I am used to hue du bop having smaller cubes of sashimi rather than thinly sliced sushi style sashimi. The lettuce and cabbage gave it a good crunch and their chili sauce had a good kick to it. Next time I stop by here, I'll probably opt for the sashimi salad. Free parking is very limited. There are only 3 stalls in the back of the restaurant. Otherwise, it's all metered parking along king street.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,4/2/2013,85,239,7,8,9>If you're searching for signs of the quintessential Korean lifestyle, Woori Mart on Beretania Street is sure to please.  Located just passed Foodland in a former auto dealership, the store has ample parking and is well-stocked with just about everything that makes the K-dramas so fun to watch, especially when it comes to eating!Looking for those slim stainless steel chopsticks and long handled spoons? Yup, they got 'em!  How about those rice bowls with covers?  Got those too! And, what about those cast iron stew and soup pots that are always bubbling hot with some delicious soon do bu or bean paste stew?!  Yessssss!  It's all there.It's fun to wander the aisles marveling at the wide variety of containers, in plastic or glass, to make home and kitchen organizing cute and neat.  As I passed by a rack of water pitchers, I remembered how my fave K-drama actor always poured himself a glass of water from a decanter on the kitchen table.  He made drinking water look so good, so natch, I had to buy one of those glass pitchers, too!  You'll also find lovely fluffy Korean futons and pillows, rugs/mats, home furniture, and the knick knacks that turn a house into a home.  Plus, health and beauty products, bath and kitchen cleaning products, a small selection of clothing accessories, house slippers, toys, games and more.  The only thing you won't find is Korean music CDs as the owner picks up the popular tunes on his frequent trips to Korea and only plays them in-store so you'll always hear the current hits while shopping.  If they served food, too, I might never want to leave!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,4/1/2013,133,111,5,12,11>Is Megumi Organic Salon geared towards crunchy granola hippies?  Maybe, but whatever ideology you subscribe to you'll get a great haircut here. I've been to Lisa (Megumi is her middle name) about four times now.  This number would be higher if I stuck to getting my hair cut every 6-8 weeks, but her cuts are so good that I've actually waited 12 weeks between appointments once (not because I didn't want to see her, just got SUPER busy).The first time I went I was breastfeeding and my hair was thinning big time. I thought dying my hair might help by coating the strands and making them look thicker, but I didn't want to use any chemicals that might be digested by my baby. The experience was interesting and smelly (not as smelly as a perm or normal hair color) and it left me with smooth, shiny locks that had a subtle red tint in the sun. I could not stop looking at my hair whenever I passed a reflective surface outside.The henna lasted quite a while but I decided that while it is great for conditioning I don't need to color my hair yet. When I do I'll definitely come to Megumi!On an atmosphere and service note: the salon is beautifully decorated by Lisa herself and Lisa (it is a one woman shop as far as I know) is so knowledgeable on a bunch of different topics like organic skin and hair care and foods.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,3/31/2013,347,265,2,10,6>This place is a steal! Especially because it is right next door to the infamous Regal Bakery. I assume they are the same owners because they share a kitchen and they go in and out of ones area. I got to go here a few times to get breakfast and usually before 7am they have a few parking stalls available. But after that I am not sure because they only have about 3 stalls and the rest are street parking on a busy road. I like this place becuase it is cheap and thats always a +++ in my books especially for breakfast. I believe I paid under $6 for the Pancake Breakfast, which comes with 2 pancakes and a choice of meat. They are very gracious when it comes to filling up your plate and I could not even finish my breakfast. And this place also had some Manapua and pork hash when we were there. Also a plus for my boyfriend was that they had monster energy drink, he did not have to stop by 7-11. I would want to go here more often because it is about 5 minutes away from my work but they aren't really the fastest place to get food. But will always have this place in mind next time I am not in a rush. I would also want to go back and try their regular lunch items. I will keep you guys posted.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,3/30/2013,433,209,3,8,8>This is a pretty awesome little farmers' market!  There may only be 20 booths or so but what the Honolulu Farmers' Market lacks in size is made up for in deliciousness.I came with a friend after work to try some of the foods and to pick up some fresh fruits.  Everything that we tried was pretty fantastic.  We drooled at every booth and stopped at a few and split the dishes so that we could save room to try more.You have to try The Pig and the Lady.  It's the only booth that has picnic tables for customers to sit at because it is that busy.  They serve up some noodle dishes, banh mi sandwiches, and some spring rolls.  Even have some Vietnamese iced coffee.  It is like a more expensive, but way better Lee's Sandwiches.  We tried the Spicy Meatball banh mi for $8.  The meatball was super tender and the banh mi bread was toasted lightly to perfection.  I lost half a meatball while sitting on the curb and almost cried.  My friend really liked the carrots and radishes in the sandwich as well.Next stop was Ono Pops for popsicles!  The flavors are all so fun.  I had to get the POG flavor which is actually called "P to the O to the G," lol.  It was a multi-layered popsicle that had each flavor... it was like three popsicles in one!  They have milk based and water based popsicles.  Perfect for the lactose intolerant me.  sad story.  Each popsicle is $3.25.Another hit was the Sushi Sliders booth.  We got the Dynamite sliders for $8 which has 5 sliders.  The base is a tempura battered kale leaf and it is stacked with avocado and ahi.  It has a spicy mayo, chives, and a teriyaki sauce drizzled over it.  YUMMS.I picked up a papaya, a Japanese cucumber, and some sugar bananas also.  Sugar bananas are not apple bananas fyi.  I thought they were the same but sugar bananas are more creamy and sweeter than apple bananas.  The apple bananas have some acidity to them... all of this information was from the vendor.  I am not some kind of banana freak haha.A great overall experience!  I would definitely like to come back and try some of the other vendors' foods like the Kalua pork or the guava roasted chicken sandwiches.  Definitely would recommend this farmers' market to anyone!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,3/29/2013,310,332,4,10,8>This place has been open for about a month (its in the location of where John Dominis used to be) The reviews have been mostly positive and the photos looked appetizing. I mentioned to my boyfriend that I wanted to go here for our anniversary so we decided to have lunch...this way we could enjoy the view in the day and I'll be honest and admit it...lunch was probably less expensive. So here we are driving in the run down area of Kaka'ako and we come to this huge beautiful Italian looking villa. The outside of the building is simply breathtaking, with the water fountain and the huge doors. There is no self parking and only valet (no fee but gratuity of course). Once you open the doors, you see a beautiful chandelier and grand staircase that belongs in a mansion. The front hostess is a little further as you walk in to the right who you may not even see because right away you are treated to a wonderful ocean and Diamond Head view from their large windows.  We didn't have reservations but were seated right away. We were seated at the very far end of the restaurant so we walked past quite an extensive wine room and many elegant white and gold decorated tables. They have tables with two chairs and a a cozy booth with pillows or just tables with chairs as well. I can't help but repeat the view was amazing. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful. The lunch menu was brief (see photo) and didn't really give descriptions so our waiter was more than happy to go over each dish or answer any questions. I didn't want to be an annoying guest so I just asked about a couple of dishes I was interested in. Also he mentioned that everything is fresh (nothing frozen) and they try to use a lot of local ingredient and produce (thumbs up for living local!). We ordered our entrees and our waiter said he will be right back with the antipasto cart. So during lunch you begin with your waiter  bringing a cart of antipasto appetizers (we had 5, I'm not sure if the amount varies but the dishes may). On the cart was:1. prosciutto and salami- a little salty but tasty2. bow tie pasta- it was good but no wow factor3. shrimp with scallops and onions in some pinkish sauce (can't remember what type)-this was my favorite, the cold scallops and shrimp were succulent and 4. seasoned well5. mahimahi mousse with a crispy lavish type item- I don't know what to make of this...it was unusual and I didn't care for the bald taste or consistency. But I think people will love it or hate it.medley of roasted veggies- how can you go wrong. Yum!The waiter will dish a little of everything or just the ones you want onto a plate to share on your table.For my entree I ordered the sautéed fresh catch (ehu- red snapper shorttail) with seafood stew which had mussels, shrimp, clams and calamari in a tomato based stew. The seafood was fresh. The fish was in a light batter below the seafood stew and it was moist and soft. I was very happy with my selection. My boyfriend ordered the veal marsala and he enjoyed his too (I didn't get to taste it since I was too focused on my meal!). Lunch also came with dessert. While we were waiting for dessert, I decided to got to the ladies' restroom. OMG they had the Japanese Toto toilets...the ones with the seat warmer, bidet, etc. I was impressed...I wasn't the only one since another local lady was taking a picture of the bathroom stall too! When I got back to the table, our dessert still had not came but our waiter came and apologized and said it would be out shortly. From having our dishes cleared to our dessert arriving, it was about 20 minutes. The restaurant wasn't even half full so I'm not sure if there was an issue or they just like to space it out (I'm a eat and where's the next course and run kinda girl). But I must say the dessert was well worth the wait... Panna cotta and coconut sorbet with a raspberry and blood orange coulis. It wasn't overpowering or too sweet. The dish was artistically arranged and everything went well together. This was one of the best desserts I have ever had (well I am a but subjective since I love panna cotta and coconut). In summary, the view and ambiance is magnificent. The food was top notch and the service was excellent (a little leisurely but that's just my personal view). I believe they are a bit pricey but you are paying for the freshness, quality and of course ambiance and view. The price you pay is well worth it, at least I can say for lunch it is. I can't wait to come back and hope they do change their antipasto dishes so I can try something different. Dinner is probably more expensive than lunch, but I would still like to come back to have the dinner experience. 53 by the sea...you had me...at hello!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,3/28/2013,680,99,18,23,22>i've come to visit the short, mustached singing man (no, not the grumpy server who's been there for ages but Angelo Pietro's adorable mascot guarding the entrance), on many an occasion. i'm talking dates, double-dates, with family, with friends. i've even had a baby shower and my friend's bachelorette party dinner here (they have a private room and set menus for groups). if that doesn't say "versatile" i don't know what does! but what prompted me to finally write a review was the fantastic service hubby and i received today. the host was professional, our server lance was friendly and efficient, and even the busser seemed glad to help, in the midst of the lunchtime crunch. reading that back, that doesn't sound very impressive, but think about it, when was the last time you had genuinely warm service from everyone in the restaurant?as for the food, they consistently come up with new items but 99% of the time i end up getting spags with spinach and shrimp, in a mixture of garlic and shoyu sauces, topped with wonderful fried onions of course. don't dig their lame bread? dip it in the crazy-tasty sauce and you'll be gobbling it down! when lance told me there was no MSG in any of their food i thought he must be lying!i'm not a fan of the blocky layout and icky bathroom but my last "yay" is for their stamp card (buy 10 entrees and your 11th is on the house). a small, simple but effective way to show their appreciation, i don't know why more restaurants (and businesses in general) don't adopt a similar loyalty program.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/27/2013,149,107,3,16,14>Four years ago, a friend gave me a special bottle of Villa Manodori Balsamic Vinegar ($50/bottle!!)  and my family's taste buds  were ruined for normal balsamic vinegars and olive oils.  So when I heard about this new store, it leaped to the top of my mental Must Check Out list.  This place is almost overwhelming as it has so many varieties of olive oils and balsamic vinegars.  They even have some super expensive, premium sesame oil, truffle oil, etc.  Although everything looks expensive, it really is not too bad.  With the exception of those 6-10  super premium oils and vinegars on the right side of the store, everything is priced by the size of the bottle.  They basically have three sizes. The smallest bottle is $14.95.  This is a decent price for specialty olive oils and balsamic vinegars.  I do believe that with this, you get what you pay for! We tried the Garlic Extra Virgin Olive Oil, the Strawberry Balsamic Vinegar, and the Black Mission Fig Olive Oil.  We immediately went to go buy a baguette so we could enjoy our vinegars.  It was all divine.  I love pouring the strawberry balsamic over my salads! Make sure you're not in a rush when you go there because you will want to try everything!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,3/26/2013,472,366,8,11,13>The Whole Ox is a bit different than most restaurants that I have been to. Instead of regular tables and chairs, they have large, wooden picnic tables! It's very interesting to say the least, but a nice change of pace. Another difference? A unisex bathroom! I was not sure on what the proper etiquette was and I had so many questions. Do I knock first? Do I lock the door? Do I wait outside if someone of the opposite sex is in there? It did not feel proper to lock the door, because there is only one bathroom and so many customers. At the same time it felt a little weird using a urinal when a female could pop in at any moment. The reason that I came here today was for Restaurant Week! They aren't kidding about "the whole ox" as a whole animal is used at times to make their dishes. After doing a little research on what I ate, I am impressed by the quality of ingredients! On special was the Mimi-K Sandwich served with a Sassy Salad yelp.com/user_local_phot… and Plantation Iced Tea yelp.com/user_local_phot…. Altogether it was $16. The Mimi-K Sandwich features "Slow smoked Shinsato pork shoulder rubbed with dried Korean chile and brown sugar topped with pickled cucumber, and a Carolina style vinegar sauce served on an onion bun with kimchi mayo." It came with a "MA'O Organics Sassy Mix Green Salad with white wine vinaigrette" and a "Whole Ox Plantation Iced Tea, 20oz." When the food was ready, they called my name and I had to pick it up myself. Their system is where you order at the counter and then pick up your food when it is done. I really enjoyed my sandwich as it was well-filled and could not help dropping pieces of pork while I ate it. The flavor was savory and I never had a pulled pork sandwich quite like this one before. The combination of ingredients was unique. The sassy salad was made with Ma'o greens, which are 100% organically grown produce from Hawaii. The dressing used was very light. I enjoyed it because it wasn't overly salty like some dressings. The tea was also light and had a hint of sweetness and fruit flavors.Parking was a little rough during lunch, but I got lucky and found a stall right in front. It was a metered parking stall, but not too bad at a quarter for every 20 minutes. The workers were very friendly and knowledgeable of their menu and were able to answer all questions that I had. After today, The Whole Ox's unique and quality ingredients have won me over. I must come here again to try another dish. I can't wait!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,3/25/2013,70,120,3,8,9>Much much MUCH better!!!  This time around, service was excellent!  Someone who can provide personal insights on the beers, very personable to make sure Real's guests have a great time, and someone who pays attention to every table without favoritism = better tip and a better review.  Great improvement, REAL :)As for food?  Now I can give a more complete review.  REAL's tapas are AMAZING!!!  Granted they are pricy considering they're only about the quarter size of a full entree and double the size of their appetizers.....but cheapo me actually thinks that the flavors are so delicious that it's worth the price.  Dish of the night had to have been their Chicken and Waffles.  Sure it's a poor man's dish, but one thing REAL rocks at is flavors, and sure enough their Chicken and Waffles were dynamite!  Crispy but not crunchy, juicy chicken, and just the right amount of maple drizzled all over.  SO GOOD!!Other dishes that were fantastic enough to eat again and again were their fish and chips and mac n cheese.  I was a pretty underwhelmed by the duck fat fries.  I guess I was expecting something spectacular, but it really was just fries cooked in a different oil.  Though I could taste the very very slight difference in flavor, it wasn't all that great, simply well-cooked fries.  Overall experience was 5 star.  I'll consider going to REAL that monthly treat for myself, the food, brew, and service is well worth it.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,3/24/2013,52,71,9,17,12>Working in Waianae has it's advantages.  I get to drive against traffic everyday.  I get to see the beautiful ocean.  I also see some random things like a guy walking his horse.  Yes.  Walking his horse like he was walking a dog along Farrington Highway.  One day I saw a guy using a pay phone.   Where on earth do you see pay phones nowadays?  Did I mention he was wearing a bathrobe?  Totally random.Anways.  Another perk is being able to eat at Ka'aha'aina Cafe.  This cafe has fresh, local offerings and daily specials that will please any palate.  You do have to drive a bit up the hill and behind the hospital to find this place but its worth it.  Nestled between the mountain and ocean its easy to get distracted and want to spend all day there just eating and enjoying the breeze and views.  The specials change daily and its always a treat to see what they have for that day.  For the most part, the specials are great but I always get their clubhouse sandwich.  I enjoy clubhouse sandwiches and I can say that their's is the BEST I've had.  They didn't always have french fries and used to give Maui Onion Chips but now they even have garlic fries.  They do have healthy offerings too like salad and brown rice for their other dishes.Parking is usually easy to find right in front the the cafe but it can get busy at peak times.  It is cash only.  Prices are reasonable and the quality of the food is awesome!    Definitely make it a point to stop here if you just happen to be in the area, which not sure if any of you townies would be in Waianae for any reason.  LOL. ;o)
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,3/23/2013,150,149,8,11,8>Chicken Katsu and fried noodlesChicken Katsu and fried noodles!!!  CHICKEN KATSU and FRIED NOODLES I said!!!  More like I am yelling and also doing a shout out!!!Can I say this place makes me crave that!  OMG it's the bomb diggity (for the lack of better words) OMG just writing about it is making my mouth water and my stomach rumble with happy thoughts! =) I didn't know about this place since I am not too familiar with the area.  However, luckily my boyfriend knew about it and I am super happy that he has introduced me to this wonderful local Drive Inn establishment. I would recommend asking for extra katsu sauce as the sauce is very delicious. It even goes well on the noodles LOL!  I think it seems homemade.The katsu is extra crispy if you like it that way. I do! They actually have an extensive menu but I seem to be a creature of habit and once I find something I like I tend to order it over and over again.  I would highly recommend it as a take out as I am not really sure if they have a seating area.  They are extremely generous with the portions so be ready to eat or to have some leftovers which I don't mind as eating a plate lunch from here is a real treat!  You defiantly need to check this place out if you are in the area.  Happy eating!  nom nom nom
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,3/22/2013,146,63,8,14,13>This is my review of the take out experience which I highly suggest you try IF you meet the following criteria:1.  You live super close.  Like 5 minutes away close.  Closer if at all possible2.  You like to drink wine but DESPISE paying a corkage fee to do so.3.  Like to eat in private especially when it results in inevitably spilling on yourself.I set up my dining table with layers of paper, set out my paper towels, fresh lemon slices, wine glasses, home cooked corn and sausage (that I threw into the crab bag when I got home).  It was awesome. Do it right and it can be awesome for you too.  Was still $$$ though, around $100 for 2 pounds of king crab and 1 Dungeness.  The only downfall is once that crab gets cold it's NOT fun anymore.  I had a large pot of hot water on the stove in which I would dunk the bag into to keep the sauce and butter from hardening to overcome this.  I enjoyed the home experience better especially because I had control of the remote!!4 star because with the exception of making the crab I had to do all the work myself, and picking up the "to go" crab was stressful due to the parking situation.  They should have someone bring it out to your car so you don't have to deal.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,3/21/2013,1394,153,7,14,12>I LOVE THIS PLACE!!I started going to Da Falafel King when it was a food truck by Down to Earth.  Since they have expanded and opened up an actual restaurant, the quality, experience, and variety has gone up!First off, get the Limonana!!! THIS IS SOOOOO GOOD! So refreshing and a great way to start or end your meal! It has lemon and mint and ice! So simple and such a great value! Not on their menu so just ask for it :) I love their "ban chan!"  Sorry, don't know what they call their small plates! From eggplant to red cabbage, to curried carrots, to coleslaw, and many other delicious dishes, that's almost a meal in itself!!I've had a lot of their specials and their sabich? (sp), and another meatball type dish....all were AMAZING!! I love how light everything is! I get full, but not in a bad type of roll over and not move for awhile because of a kanak attack! But a perfect amount of full!  I ALWAYS get their falafel! That's hands down my favorite thing! And their spicy sauces to put over that!! Mmm Mmm Mmm!!! SO GOOD!!! The ladies that work there are SO nice and SO accommodating!! They are always so positive and happy and you can tell they love what they're doing! It gets crowded so go early or make a reservation! I really hope this restaurant stays as I go there at least every couple of weeks!Don't forget the Limonana!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,3/20/2013,152,116,3,15,12>Aloha Tofu recently started making very limited edition Tofu Mousse dessert cups in a variety of flavors, varying by two each week.  Before they were only available Thursday through Saturday, however due to demand, they've ramped-up production and you can now get them throughout the week, direct at the factory only, while supplies last. Each one comes in a nicely-labeled 4 oz. thermo-sealed clear plastic container, including a handy-dandy little foldaway spoon, for some really cool packaging! Aloha Tofu Mousse flavors include: (My Yelp rating on each one)* Cheesecake (4 stars)* Chocolate (4 stars)* Chocolate Cheesecake (5 stars)* Strawberry (10 stars, Yup, 10 stars!)* Pineapple (7 stars)They will begin offering a Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake Mousse (7 stars) and Caramel Coffee Cheesecake "Macchiato" Mousse (10 stars) at the end of October in observance of Halloween and Thanksgiving. The lady who makes it there at the factory used to be the exclusive Cheesecake pastry chef for the Emperor of Japan, so consider yourself in the hands of royalty with every scrumptious bite of this blissful Tofu Mousse. To be more descriptive how it tastes, you can barely tell it's made with Tofu, which they use their Soft Tofu to make it. Where if someone didn't tell you it was made with Tofu, you probably wouldn't know, just thinking "there's something different about this", yet not being able to put a finger on it. It certainly has the whipped airiness and genuine texture of a mousse, while also thankfully not being too sweet. My favorite is is the Strawberry and Caramel Coffee Macchiato flavors. They require refrigeration, where they'll keep for about a week. Freezing not recommended. Currently Aloha's Tofu Mousse are only available directly at the factory. Call them at 845-2669 for flavors of the week and availability. You gotta' head on over to the factory and try it yourself. It's a "mouthgasm" in a plastic cup. "Guaranz ballbaranz" you'll go nuts for it! Get a few, because trust me, you'll want some for that late night snack. You know the deal. See photo section for samples of the Tofu Mousse.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,3/19/2013,392,296,8,14,14>I seriously thought I stepped into a time machine. It was like I was 7 again, staring at the small water glasses and the smell of freshly made BBQ sticks wafted through the non-a/c dining area.  It was a sweltering hot day but that saimin was STILL a HUGE winner and the 2 parties that were waiting outside to eat there told the story...The broth was just like I remember eating LONG ago at places like Tanouye saimin (all of you at my age level remember that as a kid).  Just the old school broth and homemade wun tun.  That is ALL she wrote on the menu.  The only addition is udon noodles and BBQ sticks.  Nothing fancy and no special combinations and such.  Just straight good saimin noodles and broth.  I wouldn't hesitate to eat here again...you shouldn't hesitate to try it if you haven't...
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,3/18/2013,299,171,6,14,10>What the heck was that sandwich I had?!?  My first time.. dude..  it was amazing!  Turkey..Maybe bacon..Some yellowish, tangy, relishy sauce..lots 'o veggies..lots 'o love..They use real turkey, no cold cuts here.  My second time, I must have gotten a different sandwich.  I was not as thrilled, but I was still thoroughly satisfied, and felt energized afterwards.  Ain't that a funny about healthy food.  Their smoothies are fantastic.  The cookies were a nice little fresh baked treat after lunch.  Sort of.  I think we finished our two cookies before our sandwiches were done.Prices are reasonable.  I've been a little frustrated by the limited hours and seating, but that's nothing new.  Despite being roadside, it's a pretty chill place to eat, or hey, go grind at the beach!I'd love to see more places like this around the island.  We all love 'em.  Most of us need them.  Even if you're not into alfalfa sprouts and carrot shavings in your sandwiches, I'm sure this place has got something for you.  This is definitely a legit, healthy sandwich spot to have in your arsenal against big macs and whoppers.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,3/17/2013,92,152,14,20,18>Natural fruit, nicely textured ice, and served with aloha.  The first thing I noticed about this place was how nice and clean it was.  The menu was very simple too.  There isn't any confusion on what you should get.  The staff was very friendly, especially Uncle Clay.  They are all there to make you feel welcomed.  Uncle Clay came and sat down with us.  When other costumers came in he greeted them like family.  He talked to me and my friend like we were his close friends.  He has real aloha.  He isn't being nice just to sell shave ice, he is being nice because that's how he is.  Even the name of the store has nothing to do with shave ice, it's aloha.  I've never met a guy quite like him.  Genuinely nice guy.The ice has a nice balance between griddy and fine ice texture.  Their technique was really neat.  They pack the shave ice to the top of the bowl then pour the sauce, then they put another mound of ice on top and pour more sauce so you never run into a part of your treat without any taste! I think it's a crime to associate Uncle clay's fruit sauces with sugar syrups that other places use.  They make it with real fruit and it tastes amazing.  I had strawberry and Iilikoi.  The strawberry even had seeds inside and the Iilikoi was packed with flavor.  5 stars.  I see no area that needs improvement.  I will be back.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,3/16/2013,302,378,4,14,8>How's this for a rare gem? Blue Tree Cafe is located on Kapiolani Blvd right next to the new Doraku location. I came here somewhat on a whim, just curious to see what this new establishment had to offer. Let me tell you that I was  pleasantly surprised by everything they have to offer thus far.Let's start off on what I noticed first. The staff. The girl behind the counter (didn't get her name but she had short hair and tattoos) was ridiculously friendly. She did way more than ask me how my day was and take my order. We had a simple but pleasant conversation during the entire duration of my visit. We even found out that we shared a mutual friend. I noticed pictures on the wall of the rest of the staff. If they are even half as friendly, that alone might be the main reason people will keep coming back. The decor. I'm not sure what to call it. Modern cafe? Quaint bistro? Whatever it is, it works. It's bright, it's fun, and I could see myself bringing a first date here just to use the decor as an ice breaker. The two bicycles on the wall as art is pure genius. Someone really sat down and thought very hard about how they were going to decorate the place.The menu. Honestly, it's a little small. I was told however that they will be expanding the menu in the future so I'll definitely be back to check out the expansion. I ordered the iced cafe latte to go and I was not let down at all. I wished that I had room to try some of the home made baked goods but I just came from lunch where I stuffed my face and couldn't bear to eat anything else. Again, I'll try some of the baked goods on a future return visit.Overall, I was very impressed by Blue Tree Cafe. The girl who helped me there today suggested that I, "Tell my friends." and thanks to Yelp, I did exactly that.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,3/15/2013,130,156,8,11,9>9/18/12 Additional Comments:Because I just couldn't get enough of those adobo scallops, I ended up going back again for dinner today to have some more of Chef Will's delicious scallops. Again, PERFECTLY cooked scallops...with that amazing adobo/shoyu sauce...so delicious...But my bf and I also tried some other items on his menu. My bf got the Mac Nut Mahi Mahi and I also ordered the Kahlua Pork Quesadillas and the Rocket salad to share. The Mac Nut Mahi Mahi was so different from everything we've already tried, it was so subtle in taste but it was still very delicious. The fish was cooked perfectly (Chef Will knows his temperatures!!) and the sauce that comes with it is so light. It's a coconut cream sauce, and for me it tastes like I'm eating a thai curry with fried fish. It is good.The Rocket Salad was awesome. Very fresh. Loved all the mixed greens, arugula and the candied walnuts. But the star was the vinagrette. I think it's his own recipe, which I wish I had, because it's just great.The star for me tonight (other than the scallops) was the Kahlua Pork Quesadillas. Now, if you're thinking "this girl, doesn't know how to spell or what?" NO! I know how to spell, I know that hawaiian kalua pork is spelled "kalua" pork, however, this quesadilla has Kahlua liquor in the bbq sauce and is a clever way of using it in the name, which I thought was really smart! lol anyway...Chef Will and his sauce will blow you away! I don't even know how to describe it. Just go and try it. That's all I gotta say.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++­+++++++++++9/17/12: Alright, I was just at this new, 11 days old food establishment just a mere 5-6 hours ago and all I can say is...oh...my...goodness...Prior to going to A Place To Eat, I read about it on yelp and read the reviews and comments and thought, "hmm, sounds interesting...another gourmet plate lunch kinda place". Just happened that my bf and I were heading to the area so I thought, why not, give it a try...someplace new in that area instead of the same old, same old...btw, if you don't already know, the restaurant is in puck's alley, right next to Greek Corner.So because I checked it out on yelp and their website, I knew the menu was small, but yet has a good variety of foods. I like how the chef (super nice guy, came out to talk with us while we were there) said he was going for a "L&L style food, local stuff but with a twist", cause it's his take on local flavors, being that he's not from here. His food is nowhere near or could ever be compared to L&L!! LET ME TELL YOU! Thanks to Michael R.'s review, I had to try the Adobo Sea Scallops. THAT'S RIGHT!! I said ADOBO sea scallops. His take on adobo sauce, with a mix of shoyu and some other tasty things that I have no idea what it is and pepper combined made this incredible sauce that coats the scallops deliciously!! Oh OH! AND the scallops were cooked to perfection!! Tender and succulent, not over-cooked and chewy. The one thing I wished for was more of that dish, cause it wasn't enough, because it was just that good...left me wanting more...My bf ordered the bleu steak, which was a sirloin or angus (sorry, can't remember) steak topped with caramelized onions and bleu cheese. I've never been much of a fan of burgers and steaks topped with bleu cheese, cause personally, I've never really liked bleu cheese very much, but Chef Will's bleu steak, I would definitely eat again. Again, it was the sauce, that just made the flavors blend well and didn't get overpowered by the bleu cheese. Just awesomely good steak. And again, very well cooked.All the prices for the plates are in the $10-$12 range, reasonably affordable for the gourmet plate lunch. And because he hasn't advertised yet, the restaurant isn't too busy so the wait isn't long for your food. As much as I don't want to tell you all to go and try this place because then it'll get busy and make me have to wait that much longer for my food (lol), you definitely have to try this place!! Chef Will has some great skills and his food is good!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,3/14/2013,410,103,10,10,11>As was driving on Punahou, towards King St. I was amazed at the business the new Subway was doing... location, location, location. I turned the corner and saw the bright glow of orange; and did a sharp left.  MANA BU's.It was before noon, so I thought I would be in luck. Oh well, about 15 musubis left.  I saw spicy cheese and my mouth started to water. Picked up konbu $1.40 each, spicy tuna mayo $1.60 each and oooohh spicy cheese @ $1.50 each.  And who was at the register? Mr. Manabu himself! Well I found this out cause he was wearing a name tag. I asked him "what does Manabu mean" and in a cute, quiet Japanese accent he said "to study". I told him he must have studied well cause I've had these musubis before and they are simply delicious! Everyone says "it's the rice", whatever it is, Mr. Manabu does it well. I couldn't wait to taste the spicy cheese one (of course not before taking a picture).   Wow, you have to try this for yourself ,not too spicy, I think he said there was masago inside; the texture of the rice and the nori (not to crispy-where it falls all over the place) were perfect.  I tasted my second musubi; the spicy tuna about 5 hours later (stored in a cooler) and it was just as yummy as the first!PARKING: Street parking, or two small adjacent lots.CASH ONLY!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,3/13/2013,263,192,6,7,5>I'm not a very romantic person. My sweet bf tried to plan a romantic date just because. When he showed up at my house with flowers to pick me up, I was still in the shower. Poor thing had to wait in my hot house while I got dressed. Luckily we still made it to Happy Hour which runs from 4-6pm. After walking down the piss drenched streets of Chinatown, we finally arrived at a dimly lit restaurant. If you don't walk in, you would never know there is an amazing little courtyard outside that makes you feel like you're actually dining in the streets of France! Total romantic ambiance, yet semi-casual at the same time for people like me! We ordered the roasted beet salad, baked brie, and escargot. I love beets and the beet salad was paired with a nice cheese, walnuts, and strawberry balsamic vinaigrette. I made my picky-eater bf try beets for the first time and he managed to help me finish the salad so I would say the salad was a success! We both really enjoyed the baked brie, served with fruits on the side. Lastly, my bf insisted I try the escargot, which I've never had before. I was a little freaked out, but the way it was served in a delicious white wine garlic sauce made me forget that I was actually eating a snail. My bf said that he had a crunch on his last one, which was probably the shell. We also ordered a couple of drinks off the happy hour menu. My lilikoi kamikaze drink was a little tart, but pretty good. Overall, I had a nice date here. After reading other reviews, I can agree that the service could be better. They were on top of it most of the night, but we did have to wait for over 5 minutes to get some menus. Our water and bread came long before we even saw a menu. Other than that, it's hard for me to have a bad experience on a date with my bf so I thought everything was good. I would recommend this place if you're looking for a romantic night out on a budget.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,3/12/2013,175,110,9,9,10>Shiro's perseveres with delicious, soul-satisfying meals that make this local Japanese-Chinese-Hawaiian-Filipino-Podagee-Haole girl's eyes go bugaboo! Japanese bons: Ooo look! Ron Mizutani saimin! And gotta add two orders of mochiiiiii!Chinese self: No, no. You want roast pork and choi sum. Mo' healthy.Hawaiian me: Silly laulaus. Order the laulau n beef stew saimin. Forget da Weight Watchers.Filipino bons: Adobo! Only way to go!Podagee me: Eh wow...Dondopa sounds good. Is that Podagee?Haole bonnie: Hmm I'll take the Linda Lingle special please.Every time I come here - and I've been satisfying my saimin craves here for decades - I feel like I'm living a Mr. Sun-Cho Lee song! So many dishes fighting for ethnicity supremacy. And all somehow getting along.Next time you are in a multi-cultural dining dilemma go to Shiro's. It might take awhile to make your decision but no fear. No matter what you order, it will satisfy!Service - 4Food - 4Ambiance - 3 (hey it's a local version of a truck stop! What do you expect?!)
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,3/11/2013,284,411,16,15,13>This is becoming a regular stop for us after hiking on that side of the island.  I am in Dave's stomping ground so I tread lightly, respecting the aina that he frequents. hahahaAnyway I have always been a fan of the frozen cupped treats but since Cher suggested this place one fateful afternoon after a stroll through the Aiea loop trail I have been hooked, hooked on the soft serve awesomeness!!  Being that I am all about cold and sweet, I easily go through 2 larges. haha I KNOW! sheeeesh what a pig!!  Usually when the young staff is there working the front everything is good.  Once in a while the older lady which I am guessing is the owner or part of the family or what ever works the front and boy she need a lollipop badly.  Talk about angryelf.org(not a real place)! She has no personality and is super grouchy.  Oh I know she is just misunderstood but come on, you are not doing me a favo......wait you are!!!!  I NEED THAT SHIZZ YOU SELL!! DAMN IT!!!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,3/10/2013,182,397,5,13,7>I came here based on Yelp reviews and boy was everyone right!I got a morning appointment and got Mrs. Lai, who is the owner of the establishment. My fiance got her daughter Janet. I felt very comfortable and at ease with Mrs. Lai's genuine and kind personality.You get massaged on a futon mat with other people in the room. I didn't feel uncomfortable because you get to keep your clothes on. They work on you right away and don't waste any time. The pressure is deep, but that's how I like it. It wasn't too deep where it was uncomfortable or painful like some other places I've been too. Even though it was an hour appointment, I think my actual appointment was an hour and 20 mins. Well worth the $55.00!This is one of the first times I ever left a massage feeling good and like jello! And trust me, I've been to many a spa, Vietnamese massages and also Thai massages.Parking is plentiful and I think you get a bang for your buck. The place is clean and I love the service. I will definitely be coming back often!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,3/9/2013,106,268,3,9,6>I first heard about YuZu from their ads with the keyword "vegan" on the back of Honolulu Weekly; I bookmarked this restaurant to try sometime. Hadn't checked it out because of my wanting to sample a bunch of vegan items, being aware of the pricey items, and not wanting to unwillingly drag a dining companion. Enter an opportunity. My vegan dining buddy and friend wanted to repay my kindness from back in the day. My friend was up for trying YuZu; he mentioned that the YuZu owners previously ran the now closed Hale Macrobiotic, a relatively upscale vegan/vegan-friendly restaurant. Thanks to fellow yelpers in providing very clear directions - very useful for this directionally/spatially challenged yelper. I just parked on the second floor of the garage near Macy's and close to Ala Moana Hotel, walked over to the hotel using the ramp/bridge, took the escalator down to the first floor, and walked around the maze of gift shops towards the Business Center. My friend and I decided to order special, non-standard items (for example, not french fries or edamame). Our choices:- grilled lotus root with wasabi vegenaise (vegan mayo) - Neither of us had previously tried lotus root, which is actually pretty good. The addition of the wasabi to the vegenaise lends the dish a nice kick (or an unpleasant sensation if accidentally inhaled!).- shoyu ginger soy karage (fake chicken with dipping sauce) - I love good fake meat like this! My friend noted that this type of dish is typically a fail-safe bet. Safe here!- veggie medley udon with vegan broth (need to specify) - I had eaten udon or something similar once before in a Japanese restaurant while my friend never had. So we queried our server about how to approach mixing/combining and eating the different ingredients. Very cool that vegan broth is an option.- veggie sushi sampler (7 assorted pieces: tomato, carrot, eggplant, shiitake mushroom, lotus root, eringi mushroom, yuba) - Not the typical veggie sushi! Probably the highlight of my meal! Each piece is unique and distinctive in its creative presentation and flavors. I was trying to figure out if I needed soy sauce + wasabi, but no need!- acai rare cheesecake (non-dairy) - Very interesting. The consistency is like cheesecake, but the dessert doesn't quite remind me of cheesecake. My friend and I were debating what else the dessert could be called, but didn't come up with something appropriate.Bottom line: I would happily order any of the items again, especially the veggie sampler. What a treat. Creatively different from the usual veggie sushi I order. I'd probably skip the cheesecake to try some other vegan-friendly dessert! Until next time. Very tempted to drag the boyfriend to YuZu...
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,3/8/2013,1537,93,11,21,17>I love good Filipino food, and you always have room for lumpia. I love getting their shanghai lumpia. Try it!!! And get the vinegar sauce. I always get the shanghai and ask for extra vinegar, because it's just not enough for me. (My 3 year old loves the vinegar sauce. So I have to get her own.) They will charge extra for extra sauce, though, but it's cheap enough. Something like 2 for $0.25 or something like that. They sell other Filipino food. I have, yet, to try how good theirs is. (I'm kinda picky with Filipino food.) I never seem to order anything other than the lumpia, because we're usually at Waikele to eat at one of the restaurants. Try their lumpias. Always crispy, never soggy or stale. Pretty good. Good snack to have while shopping around Waikele.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,3/7/2013,410,147,10,19,17>The short review: Nanzan GiroGiro is pretty much hands down the best kaiseki (set menu) I have ever had in my life! Easily 6 stars if Yelp would let me have the honor.The slightly longer review:I have been meaning to try Nanzan GiroGiro for a very long time. Since it opened, I have never found the time to visit, or when I tried to go they were booked for the night. But I've finally managed to find some free time and make a reservation! Getting a reservation is a MUST; it's very hard to get in without reservations. Nanzan GiroGiro is open from 6pm-Midnight and is closed on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. For parking you may park in front of the restaurant or find street parking.Like you may have already heard, the main attraction is a $50 seven course kaiseki (set menu) with an optional $8 dessert, which changes monthly. They even have a nice selection of wine, Japanese sake, and beer which you may choose from (not included as part of kaiseki).The service and experience was spectacular! Yoshihiro (the head chef) was amazing and a delight to converse with. Yoshihiro is from Japan and English is his second language, but nonetheless his English is really good. Throughout the night I learned more about him and Nanzan, and he's a really funny guy! Food is served one course at a time and a brief description is given for each course. Yoshihiro tries to use as many local ingredients as possible and those that aren't local are from Japan. The presentation of each course is very artistic and the plates and dishes are beautiful and unique. Now if you have the appetite of a sumo wrestler or you're starving, this pricey meal may not be the best place to settle that rumble in your stomach. The portions are on the smaller side but they are spaced out nicely to let your food digest. This is at least an hour, hour half meal so be patient, converse, and enjoy the beautiful artistic creations from Nanzan GiroGiro! Also, make sure you get the $8 add on dessert! After all, the menu changes monthly so you'll probably never be able to have the same dessert ever again!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,3/6/2013,98,82,7,9,11>Yes, I took the Cinnamon Challenge...by driving myself all the way out here to try a breakfast many had praises for.Whenever I think breakfast, usually Sweet E's or Cafe Kaila comes to mind, especially as they're way close to my house. But after a refreshing morning at the beach, I was ready to eat something NOW and luckily Cinnamon's was nearby. So far...this is the best breakfast I've had yet. A bold statement, yes. But one I will defend it's honor for. ::swords drawn:: Back criticism, BACK!!Started out my meal with the Farmers Omelette, which is incredibly simple, but also the greatest omelette I've ever had. What made it stand out was the bacon. The small, chopped up pieces were so incredibly flavorful. Each bite were as if I was eating perfection. They didn't over do it on any one ingredient in particular neither. It was well-balanced...yes, an uncommon way to describe an omelette, but I can't think of any other way to put it.The omelettes on their menu also come with a side of rice, homefries, hashbrowns, a biscuit, or buttermilk pancakes. I knew that they were also well-known for their pancakes, so the flat, delicious companion it was. They're large in size, and come in a pair, so it was quite the hearty meal on top of the 3-egg omelette I was already trying to conquer. Even the little things were great. Their exclusively-made Hawaiian blend coffee was also amazing. I'm no coffee connoisseur by any means, but it was a mean cup o' joe. Didn't even need cream or sugar. Extremely easy to drink and like the service itself, went down smooth. I wanted to take a bit of the magic home, so I doggie bagged one of their signature cinnamon rolls. I certainly didn't regret it.From beginning to end, the meal was a masterpiece. Art to be taken in not with your eyes, but with your mouth. Welcome to the Museum of Deliciousness.31 Yelps Review Challenge - October 2012 #17/31
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,3/5/2013,380,335,7,5,11>C)onsistently good food and service at this Li)ttle restaurant in the heart of Niu Valley O)rder the beef quartet and you will be in bliss S)hortribs so soft and tender E)scargot is always a delight if snails are your thingS)pecial occasions I find myself here T)asty morsels are a perfect blend of French cooking with Hawaiian flair T)artar, Ahi + Avocado is where it's at H)elpful waitstaff is pretty attentive I)f it's your birthday, you may receive a complimentary creme brulee :) N)ot a fan of foie gras, but apparently it's legit here G)rateful patrons happy for not having to valet or search for parking T)he specials of the evening are always a safe choice (cause they're always good) O)nion soup with crisp guyere cheese crust F)rench accents by some of the waitstaff- are they real? The world will never know.R)omance is in the air A)dmittedly, I once ordered a fish dish I regretted.. I think it was seabassN)evertheless, everything else I have had here was delicious C)rap, my only downfall was stuffing myself with too much lavash & bread E)xpect to pay a little more for this quality fine dining experience & it'll all be good. Perfect place for special occasions, romantic evenings and great French food especially in Hawaii, where the selection of French restaurants is a bit limited! My favorite dishes here have been the beef quartet, oysters rockefeller & the salmon!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,3/4/2013,371,155,9,15,17>I've only been coming to bootcamp for a week and a half, but I already know it will change my life.Self-motivation is my greatest exercise enemy. That was my #1 reason for giving Egan's Fit Body Bootcamp a shot. (Thank you Kyle H. for the recommendation!...bee tee dubs, Kyle H. is a bootcamp ROCKSTAR & is starting to teach her own classes at their downtown location! What a BadA$$!!!)Bootcamp is awesome. Plain & simple. Here's why:+ You're basically getting a personal training session every time you go. The classes are very small so you get a lot of one-on-one attention from your trainer. The trainers truly care about you, they learn your name right away, and they encourage you and push you to your limits in the best most energetic way possible! + Every workout is challenging for ALL fitness levels! I know, you must see that a lot. I used to go to group exercise classes that claimed they were "great for all fitness levels" but I didn't even break a sweat. At bootcamp, EVERYONE (including the buffest of men) sweats from beginning to end! Everyone is gasping for air & working really hard! All of the workouts can be tailored to your fitness level and can be modified, and your trainers are always more than happy to help you modify your workout.+ Every workout is different, so your body will never get used to the same work out over and over and over.+ No weights! I was a weight lifter...and I HATEDDDDD cardio with every fiber of my being! But bootcamp utilizes TRX bands, MMA skills, weighted balls, giant ropes, suspensions, giant rubber bands, sliders, and your own body weight to create a perfect and FUN mix of cardio and strength training. Walking up stairs no longer makes me wheeze. Anyone who knows me knows that's a HUGE accomplishment!+ Everyone is friends. You think I'm kidding, but I'm not. Everyone takes the time to introduce themselves to you, learn your name, and encourage you throughout the workout. Some people will give you the kindest encouragement, others will generously dish out tough love ;)+ Classes start at 5am. WHAT?! That's right. This early bird was STOKED to hear that! Not only can I finally utilize my early morning energy that no one appreciates (I'm not offended, my morning energy is really obnoxious), but I can get my daily workout over with by 6am. HALLELUJAH! + Nutrition, weight, and body fat analysis is included! I am weighing in every week and testing my body fat percentage. They also gave me an exercise & food journal. I have a 2 month goal. If I make it, I can continue on to a new goal. + Bootcamp costs more than your typical gym membership...but if you consider the intimate training, nutrition plans, weight and BF tracking, and INCREDIBLE support system...it's truly worth EVERY penny! (Plus, if you're like me...you'll want to go everyday to get your moneys worth!) ;)If you're thinking about joining Egan's Bootcamp, give it a shot, you get 1 week free!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,3/3/2013,191,232,4,10,9>Crepes are one of those things you just can't mess up (IMO). really really thin batter on a hot plate filled with anything you want from sweets to savory. I am not a fan of the savory kind (or i just haven't had a good one?)My first memory of crepes are the ones from Todai (not sure if they still do this as the last few times i've been back, they were never had) and since it was a while ago, i was a kid. i didn't know any better. they were good! and i ate lots of it b/c i knew how pricy they were to buy anywhere elseanyways, fast forward a few years, and i end up in Harajuku, Japan, the land famous for their fruit and ice cream crepes. I fell in love and sadly, Hawaii, the land with the most Japanese tourists, did not serve this delicious treat. There have been a few that opened and shut thoughThe one in Shirokiya comes pretty close to perfect in my tummy. When I first ordered this thing, I was barely even able to eat b/c I was stuffed from dinner, but I was craving ice cream and this seemed perfect. At about $6 you get a choice of fruit and ice cream. I always get bananas and vanilla ice cream. I like to keep is simple. Nothing more unless its chocolate syrup. or syrup itself. yum. these things are huge and if I had to compare it to the ones I've had in Japan (and i just came back a week ago so it's still fresh in my mind) its one of the biggest I've had and the 2nd best i've had. and i had a few in Japan on my most recent visit. I just wish I was at the mall more. I'd eat this all the time. and if you must know, yes, i do finish this all by myself, and i'm damn proud of it (oh and it gets messy from the ice cream so have lots of napkins around) If the owners are reading this, i think one way for you to improve is just making the batter a little thinner and cooked a little longer so its a little crisper (maybe just a few extra seconds) that would do the trick if it was just crisper on the edges as i bite into my scrumptious crepes
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,3/2/2013,416,84,18,17,16>Sometimes I get tired of pretending that I'm still 22 and can party like a rock star, raging between 5 different clubs every weekend til the wee hours of the morning. Or until I think I'm going to die. It's a nice change to slow things down, take in some art and culture, and mingle amongst a slightly more mature crowd, aka people who are actually my age.  Art After Dark is a once a month event from 6-9pm at the Honolulu Academy of Arts.  There is always a theme and within that theme the different rooms of the museum offer a variety of entertainment and/or exhibits.  There is usually a band or some kind of lively performance at the front courtyard.  Bars are spattered throughout the museum corridors, of which Hawaii's finest are roaming, sometimes dressed up and/or in costume.  The different themes keep every months' event fresh and intriguing.  My only issues with Art After Dark is the lack in food and occasional difficulties with parking.  Thankfully the lots in the Young Street area offer pay parking. But I really wish there were more food options (that aren't pricey) since I usually rush over to AAD right after work and don't have time to feed my piggy face.Museum membership is a great idea if you plan to attend at least a few of these events.  The line is shorter and entry is free!  The potential of AAD always has me going back. And it's fun to sometimes explore your creative side...and act your age ;)
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,3/1/2013,529,212,7,19,17>I came here for the first time tonight.  I have heard all the stories from friends, read all the Yelp reviews on how this is the best sushi in Hawaii.  Yeah, yeah.  suuuure.After finally trying here, I can agree that this is the best sushi you will have in Hawaii.  It is hard to describe in words and to persuade you to come if you haven't.  But if you consider yourself a sushi afficionado, then Sasabune is a must.I had the omakase but I kept notes on which courses I thought were 5 star worthy.  Thinking I could come here and order them ala carte.  I am not so sure, the sushi bar seems like an assembly line for omakase customers.  I think it would be hard for them to squeeze ala carte customers in...  But WOW, the omakase will floor you.  As I am writing this review, I am jonesing for the negi toro--the shiznits!!If you fancy sushi, you MUST come here and have the omakase!!  It is a different world here!  When you start a discussion on the best sushi in Hawaii, there truly is Sasabune then everyone else... Update: Weeks after coming here, I still think about how excellent my dining experience was at Sasabune and am obsessed about returning...
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,2/28/2013,704,321,16,22,21>I come from a land far away... a land where weather is your enemy, people say things like, "We've got too many friends." and where mechanics actually break your car instead of fixing it, charge you double, then laugh at you as you drive off the lot. Going to see Alan at Kaimuki Auto Repair, is the starkest reminder that I am in the land of Aloha! If he were just friendly, he'd have my return business, but it's so much more then that... He and his crew are hands down the most competent mechanics I've ever seen. If you've ever listened to NPR's "Car Talk", it's like that without the bad jokes! Alan can diagnose your car faster and more accurately from a few questions and a pump on the gas pedal then anyone I've ever seen! Beyond the fair prices, fantastic customer service, quick and accurate work and all over friendly experience... I have a personal story...Last night we dropped off our sputtering car with the intention of walking the mile back home... it started to rain. And you know what? Alan drove us home! Let that sink in. Alan drove us home. There aren't enough Mahalos on Earth. Thanks Alan.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,2/27/2013,144,174,8,14,12>Backstory:I used hit up the Beretania/Pensacola Auntie Pasto's quite often back in the early 90s.  As time progressed, I noticed with disappointment that the quality of the food seemed to slowly decline.  One night we were there, a waiter was walking by with a tray of food and slipped, dumping a plate of pasta on my lap.  In shock, I looked up at him and he started to laugh.  I'm not kidding, he laughed and made no attempt at apologizing.  I seriously think he was high on crack.  Other waiters quickly came over and apologized and they gave each other a look like "oh boy, our coworker is fking up again."  After I got cleaned up, the manager came over and brought me a free beer as his way of saying sorry.  I thought that was a pretty lame gesture and I never went back.So now, almost 20 years later my friend wanted to have dinner at the Auntie Pasto's in Kunia.  I was reluctant but figured I should at least give it a try.  Well, I'm glad I did because I had an enjoyable meal.They had a special going on for the month which featured locally sourced produce so I decided to get a locally made spinach pasta.  The pasta had a nice texture and was flavored with a lemony herb sauce.  It was very flavorful.  My friend had the Lasagna which was also very good.  There were some nice chunks of sausage mixed in and the bechamel sauce made it nice and rich.  The homemade pasta used in it also had a good texture, thin and slightly chewy.  The Lasagna is a bit pricy but it is a big portion.We both skipped having appetizers and passed on dessert but the entrees, along with a glass of wine, were enough to satisfy us.The only thing that could've been better was the time it took for the food to arrive.  After ordering it took over 30 minutes to come out.  They were packed though so that was probably why.  The server also made it a point to come by every few minutes to apologize about the delay.Overall we had a very good experience and I'll surely be back.  It was also a bonus that I didn't have food spilled on me this time.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,2/26/2013,339,137,3,12,9>LBDB stands for Little Black Dress and Bikini. This store specializes in club dresses, party dresses, everyday dresses, skirts, shirts, accessories and swimwear. I spent three hours looking through everything the store had to offer, trying on everything that intrigued me, and chatting it up with the workers. The first girl I met was named Samantha and her family owns the store. As soon as she saw me she came over and asked what I was looking for and started holding up pieces of clothing while I gave a yay or nay to them. Then she prepared a dressing room and told me I could come out and show her how the clothing looked on me or not if I wasn't comfortable with that. I decided to show her the clothing that I felt comfortable in and she'd give me an honest, "It looks great! " or "No, I don't like it." I really appreciate this since some places tell their customers that EVERYTHING looks great when you know it doesn't. As I continued trying on dresses, skirts, shirts, etc. Samantha and I continued chatting it up about life, men, video games, and music. Eventually another girl came in to relieve Samantha for the night (I forgot her name! Argh!) and she was just as friendly as Samantha. She helped me with a stubborn dress zipper, gave me the same "yes" or "no" to pieces of clothing, and kept the conversation flowing. I finally ended up with one short, black, empire-waisted, and jewel-necklined dress; one deconstructed British flag tank top (see here: images.dailylook.com/p/2…), and one skin-tight sparkly purple miniskirt. With my LivingSocial voucher applied ($20 for $40 worth of stuff) It came out to $113. Pretty pricey, but it was a nice splurge to make and I needed new clothing. Overall this store has some really cute items and I'll be back again to check their clearance rack. But if I really love something, I'll still pay full price. Plus, the employees here rock!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,2/25/2013,408,240,8,20,11>DON'T WEAR SLIPPERS.... is all I can say to those silly tourists who come totally unprepared for a hike...This is a great, low impact, workout trail with a gentle slop upward and awesome views.  It's great to take friends on who have never been to the island and is only about 15 minutes away from Honolulu.Honestly though when I come here, I do Makapu'u tide pools trail which is an unlicensed and unadvised hike down the side of the mountain to the tide pools at the bottom.  You turn off the paved trail at the whale information board about a 1/4 of a mile into the hike.  The views are great but the climb is steep and it can be very dangerous if you are not a seasoned hiker or don't have the right footwear on.  In the tide pools at the bottom, you have to be very careful.... as refreshing of a swim as it is, the tide comes in quickly and one big wave can push you into a rock and a hard place... if you know what I mean!Some tips:- Wear sneakers! (Especially for the tide pools hike which can be dangerous if you do not have the right equipment)- Bring sunscreen!  It is in all sun and you are bound to get some color!- Bring lots of water (even if just doing the lighthouse hike)Have fun and take a moment to enjoy the island.... even for those who live here, it's a great trail to appreciate your surroundings :)
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,2/24/2013,76,112,3,11,4>NOM NOM NOMThis place has the BEST MOCHI BALLS ever!!!Seriously the mochi balls are so delicious that I absolutely had to start my review that way. Anyways I was so thrilled to finally have a shave ice place in Kapolei (since I live there) so I paid them a visit. I get my usual shave ice flavors (strawberry/melona) with extra snow cap and mochi balls. They are not shy if you ask for extra snow cap and I appreciate that. The mochi balls are so yummy and made fresh daily. Out of all the shave ice places I have been to (which is many) Green Snow has got to have THE BEST MOCHI BALLS!!!  The ice is fine and melts fast but its a really nice fluffy texture. The flavors are good and they even have other local flavors like guava, lilikoi, melona, li hing mui, and others. My kids love the li hing mui with li hing mui sprinkle topped with a nice seed and they also favor the banana with the li hing sprinkle as well. The small is a good size for the little ones. I personally like the medium because its not too much or too little. The large? Definitely huge and suggested for those who are sharing or really just love eating lots of shave ice!I'd definitely suggest this place to everyone especially if you have little ones because they have kids tables complete with complimentary color pages and crayons on hand. Perfect for relaxing and letting them have their space and shave ice right in front of you since they also have comfy sofas there too. Its like a little living room with ice cream and shave ice! Awesome I tell you. The yogurt is still the bomb at Krave and they also serve waffle dogs which is delish. They are located at The Kapolei Marketplace in a little store called 'Krave' formerly known as 'Orange Grove'. Definitely try it at least once and make sure you order the MOCHI BALLS!!!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,2/23/2013,256,225,13,25,12>If you want a real hike, this a is a great hike. To me a real hike lasts more than an hour -- and this sure does last for more than an hour! I would say, on a easy going pace, this could take about 2-3 hours, depending on you and your hiking buddies. Friends and I stopped by the 7-11 before Kuli'ou'ou Road to grab some snacks (trail mix and energy bars) and bottles of water. This is very important for ANY hike, no matter how short or long it is, you never know! For this hike, by the time you are done -- you are going to want to munch on something and through out the hike, you will be drinking that water!Before beginning the hike, there are two trails... One on the left and one on the right. GO RIGHT for the ridge hike. The one on the left is the valley trail (which I haven't done). I love the fact that at the beginning to the trail, there is a mailbox (super cute!) and it asks for your name(s) and the time you started the hike. I strongly believe that ALL HIKES should have this type of system going on, for safety reasons... and cause it's cute. The beginning of the hike, there are many switchbacks. What I love most about this trail is that the scenery is always changing. You get the forest scenery and then the "narnia" feel lol. The halfway point (in my opinion) is when you reach the picnic area. I remember reaching this and being like "OMG THIS IS ONLY HALF WAY! I'M TIRED!" LOL. But you made it half way, so you should keep going! It starts getting uphill from here. The last stretch is when you reach the stairs, they are for sure going to work those legs of yours. Keep at it and just say the samething I told myself while I was going up "This is for my sexy legs!". It's a beautiful hike and it gets really quiet, the further you go up and in the trail.When you reach the top it is beautiful! I think this ridge offers a much better view than Mariner's Ridge. When my friends and I were up there, the clouds rolled in, but it was beautiful and something about being in the clouds was peaceful! Going down the trail is fast, just be careful. And don't forget to sign out from the cute little mailbox! ;)
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,2/22/2013,27,61,3,10,8>After a successful Christmas shopping outing on Saturday, my husband, youngest, and I were looking for somewhere to satiate our hunger. As we were waiting at a red light in front of Pearl Kai Shopping Center, the signage for Mamaya beckoned us with these words: gourmet Japanese food, bentos, deli, and musubis. Lucky for us, Mamaya did not disappoint.It's not a very huge space inside (there are six two-seater café style tables), but it doesn't necessarily need to be. It's easy enough to just pick up food to go. You can choose from prepacked bentos, musubis, poke bowls, sushi rolls, or you can try out their hot and cold deli. A bonus for this place - they give out FREE samples! Yes. I am totally serious. You can try out any item from their hot and cold deli. Pretty sweet, huh?We decided to get one bento, a sushi roll, and some hot deli items. (We didn't have to buy a drink since they offer free water.) My hubby and youngest shared the dynamite salmon bento. I'm not a huge fan of salmon but he and my youngest loved it. I enjoyed the rice and other pickled sides. If I see it offered, I will usually get a spicy ahi roll. This particular one was just okay. Not enough heat for me. Tasty, yes. Spicy, not so much. The eggplant and mochiko chicken are really good but the star of the show, hands down, is the fried pork hash. Let me say that again. FRIED. PORK. HASH. My husband said that this completely ruined steamed pork hash for him.Since Mamaya is pretty new, they were offering a free cup of Hawaiian Paradise Coffee with any purchase as part of their Grand Opening promotion. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The space is very clean and it just has a nice vibe about it. Also, the pricing is pretty decent for what you get. We paid about $15 for everything.The verdict? Mamaya rocks.You should go. Like, now. And get me some fried pork hash.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,2/21/2013,36,95,5,8,6>At first I was not sure if I should give this place a 5/5 rating, but then I thought about the food I had tonight and I said "yup, thats 5 stars!". Ambiance & Cleanliness:This restaurant is small, quaint, and quiet; it really has an intimate type of atmosphere, but not really a lovers type of intimacy.... The lights were not too bright but bright enough to see your food and friends.The walls were decorated with (I believe) Thai paintings and some plants -- they really give the place a nice touch. The restaurant is very clean. I did not find any sticky grim on the condiment jars and my utensils, plates and cups were spotless.Food & Prices:We ordered (and I recommend) the following:1. Spring Rolls ~$6.952. Pad Thai ~$103. Yellow Curry ~$8.954. Evil Princess5. Ginger Pork ~$96. King of Chili 7. Thai Iced Tea $2Well, usually this is the part of the review where I would say "lets start the critique!", but there's nothing I can say! The food is SOOO good that its difficult for me to say anything needs improvement, and honestly, I am lying in bed right now trying really hard to think of something! I have had Thai food countless times before, and I have never had Thai food this good before! Koodos to the chef! I am definitely going back next weekend!NOTE: The above dishes are a la carte. You have to order the rice separately. The food was priced very well. Everything that I ordered was either under or slightly above $10/ dish. The prices I have above are approximate prices because I don't remember what the actual price was.Service:My first interaction with an employee was at the door. There was man who was at the door when we were about to enter...I think he was going to do something outside, but he dropped what he was going to do and opened the door for us, greeted us and brought us to our table. I don't think he is a host or anything...he was just at the door when I arrived.Once we were seated, the man brought us the menu and cups right away, and the waitress brought us water right away. I only saw one waitress. She is friendly and we did not have any issues with her. However, I think that because she is the only waitress, it took a little longer for some of our dishes to be cleared (but that's understandable since the food is SOOO delicious).Parking:There is a free parking in Market City, however,it can get quite busy around dinner time; we were there around 6:30 - 7:30 ish..I don't think you need to be there at any particular time to easily find parking; it only took me around 5 minutes or so to find parking in the parking lot.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,2/20/2013,154,194,9,19,21>For Brian S - who got me looking at lighthouses in a new way. You would think that the islands of Hawaii, being surrounded by oceans would have a lot more lighthouses. Oahu had six lighthouses in all, but one of them has sadly been toppled over and marred with graffiti (Kaena Point Light). The other five are Aloha Tower, Makapu'u Point Lighthouse, Barber's Point Light, Pyramid Rock Light (on the Marine Corps base) and Diamond Head Light. Diamond Head Light was honored on the US Post Office stamp in 2007 for their American Lighthouse series. Diamond Head Light is the newest lighthouse on the island. It was built back in 1899 and rebuilt in 1917 after an inspection in 1916 found cracks in the structure. What you see today is not the original structure. The older structure was dismantled and the newer structure built over it, which strongly resembles the older structure. The tower stands 55 ft tall, 147 feet above sea level. It sports a third-order Fresnel lens which is still in use today. It is interesting to note that Makapu'u Point Lighthouse has the largest Fresnel Lens in the US, called the Hyperradiant Lens; it is also the only one in operation. If you compare Diamond Head's third order Fresnel lens with a focal lens length of 19 inches, that is small compared to Makapu'u's focal lens length of 52 inches! Can you imagine the power these lighthouses pack if the third order Fresnel lens at Diamond Head can project light 18 miles out to sea? The lighthouse had become a necessity due to ships running aground in the same area.  Prior to the lighthouse being constructed, there was only one man named John Charles Petersen, from Sweden, or "Lighthouse Charlie" who sat in a 40-ft tall steel tower; "Charlie's Lookout" . Apparently he was on duty for 17 hours a day armed with a telescope on the slopes of Diamond Head to locate and report incoming vessels. He was paid $50 a month for his services and according to historical documents, worked the job for 30 years until his death in 1907. After Charlie, there had been three other lighthouse keepers on the national historical register until the lighthouse was handed over to the Coast Guard in 1939. Today it is home to the 14th District Coast Guard Commander and closed to the public but that shouldn't stop you from checking it out. You can view the lighthouse from Diamond Head Lookout; simply park your car at the lookout and snap some photos. I took some pictures that didn't come out very well because I wasn't able to get close enough (I was down at the beach). You can also get great  aerial photos from Diamond Head crater if you want to pay to hike up to the top. Another great view will be from the ocean, if you have a waterproof camera. There are so many stories packed behind the walls of these majestic pieces of history...if only walls could speak.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,2/19/2013,50,141,9,9,5>I heard there was Chicago-style deep-dish pizza around my Bishop Street offices, so I set off recently to find it.  Caddy-corner to the Hawaii Theatre just off Fort Street Mall, Chi-Town Deep Dish Pizza Company is a mix of walk-up window, sit down tables, and an old-time Western Saloon - dark, dingy, and little decor.  It's a bar and a restaurant.  I stayed outside.I was going to ask about the pizza, but I saw a few examples of the slices just inside the window, saving myself the effort.  They just didn't look that large or that 'deep,' and for $4 a slice, I would have needed at least two, if not three, to feed my hunger.  So I don't have a 'taste' opinion on the pizza, but I did order the Italian Sausage sandwich with steak fries.  It was great, and at $7 for the bento-size meal, the price was right.  Many of my co-workers huddled around my lunchroom seat, sticking their noses in my sandwich asking, 'where did you get that?'  It didn't just taste great, it looked great...thus the crowd around me.I'm going to try the pizza next time, even if it breaks my bank.  The sign outside you can get a slice for $3 if you order a pitcher as well...I wonder how my boss would feel if I came back to work with a hangover?  A whole deep dish pizza runs about $19, but you are in for an approximate 45-minute wait.  Phone order it in, the pick it up!I'll have to update this review once I actually taste the pizza!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,2/18/2013,1117,333,8,20,20>Where has all the Great Tea Houses gone to? Appreciate one of the few left on the Island....I can't remember the amount of times that I have come to Natsunayo Tea House,Whether it was for a Christmas Party ,Baby Shower ,Company Function or a Special Party. I have many happy memories and good times at  this Tea House located in Alewa Heights, But this time I came for a close friend's Birthday Party.The food has always been consistently just OK to me. Not anything special that never blew me away.. But...But ..Today...I want to say a few items did make me change my mind about ...just OK...Food Served Today:*Tofu Mushroom Chicken: 4 Stars..Loved the flavor with the fried tofu,firm mushrooms and grated diakon.  yelp.com/biz_photos/brzT…*Spicy Ahi, Crab,Maki Sushi: 3.5 Stars..Made very well,Rice texture and flavor very good.*Potato Salad: 4 Stars..I love that they combined spaghetti noodles in the salad. I could eat this all day long.*Pork Tonkatsu: 4.5 Stars..Thick juicy pieces of pork  breaded perfectly and had a slight crunch to it.  yelp.com/biz_photos/brzT…*Green Salad W/Mandarin Orange: 4 Stars..It's was so light and refreshing. Dressing perfectly matched salad.  yelp.com/biz_photos/brzT…*Teriyaki Salmon: 3 Stars..This dish I was a little over cooked for my taste.  yelp.com/biz_photos/brzT…*Teri Beef: 3.5 Stars..How can you do this bad? Enjoyed the tender pieces of meat.*Fried Chicken: 3 Stars..This dish didn't  impress me ..just Meh*Shrimp & Pumpkin Tempura: 3.5 Stars..Nice size shrimp light and crispy. The pumpkin was sweet, enjoyed every bite. I was full by this dish..lol!Very attentive and friendly service. ( Excellent job dividing left over dishes for guess to take home).Street Parking or Valet Service.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,2/17/2013,111,225,7,9,10>So ride down all the way down Kalihi Street towards the water, and you'll find yourself in the Sand Island industrial area. Its a blink and you'll miss it place; look for a line of people waiting on a bench out front, and a drawing of a sumo wrestler in the window. Like all good Yelpers, I was committed to the journey, and getting the full experience. Thus, I deferred pick-up and patiently waited for the dine-in. Here's how it goes, pop your head in the door, and the wait help will acknowledge you, with a nod/grunt, or some kinda gesture, put up your fingers of how many in your party, and thats it...you're officially signed in on the wait list. They go old school here. Handwritten signs of specials and such that didn't make the menu are taped up around the walls. If you're an Ethel's virgin, like I was, I ordered mochiko chicken and a side of ahi tataki. Ok, for serious, $5 for a side of ahi tataki, with ponzu sauce, HUGE VALUE! HUGE. I consider myself a sashimi snob, and the slices were even, firm, and smooth. As for mochiko chicken, this is a default dish. I know I know, you think if you've had one mochiko chicken, you've had it all. But this one, was fluffy, substantial, perfect temperature, crispy outside, moist inside. basically golden perfection. Dipped in ponzu sauce gave it a little bit of the finesse that makes it a little bit more fancy fancy.the best thing about this place, you get more than you paid for. and the chinese in me..AND you.... will love it.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,2/16/2013,455,149,17,12,12>Danger! Danger! Diet-killer right here!I am weak willed when it comes to baked goods. I have eaten myself into food stupors, made myself practically go into insulin shock on sugary pastries, and even once gave myself food poisoning from a gluttonous binge.And Sugarlina is not tryna help me learn to control myself. Their hours are ridiculously awesome for a cupcake bakery, there's usually parking (if you're willing to walk a bit), and they post their daily cupcake flavors online! So far I've tried 4 cupcake flavors (vanilla, lavender and honey,  lemon raspberry, and PB chocolate) My personal fave (so far) is the lemon raspberry. What I really like about Sugarlina is that they flavor their cakes and not just the frosting! I mean, a dreamsicle cupcake can't just be a plain yellow cake with some orange creme frosting! Amiright or amiright?Oh! And they have macaroons! To die for! So far no menu posted but you can call for daily flavors. I got a watermelon macaroon once and it was green on the outside with pink filling inside! too cute!So after a binge at Sugarlina you have two choices: A) the gym or B) bigger pants. I rationalize my sugar habit by trying to park kinda far away so at least I have a tenny-tiny mini cardio "workout" before and after my treat(s)!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,2/15/2013,157,226,11,11,12>What?  The west-side has a cool coffee shop with free wifi?  And what? The proceeds go to a nonprofit? No way.. I no can believe....But YES, it's true!Can I love a coffee shop just because of their scones? Seriously I love their soft scones! They have such a great texture and taste. No more busting up my brace face eating rock solid scones from elsewhere. I went to get scones twice and talked story to the super cool owner/baker. Each time she told me she would happily make scones that customers request- Super cool right?! She mentioned she grows some of the fresh ingredients she puts in the scones and that they are made with seasonal fresh fruits.Please also try the bread pudding. I seriously hate bread pudding but it looked so good in the glass case I when chance um' and it was sooo good!I tried the green tea latte- it wasn't green tea enough for me but my husband liked it. I thought the spicy mocha was bomb.  I also got a latte was and it was  made to perfection! I seriously wish I could visit this place regularly. However, when I visit my parents in the Kunia area I make sure I stop by. There is a small stage and I noticed cool art the last time I visited! The place was not too busy but I only visited during the daytime hours.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,2/14/2013,304,150,5,12,6>After my ridiculously long review that reached the max number of characters, I realized people don't want to read all that.  So I've decided to write an update getting straight to the point and writing about all the delicious food I've had here coming back week after week and picking off everyone's plates :P.  I've come here A LOT so I'll do these dishes in categories (My faves are denoted by an *):~ APPETIZERS ~ *BEEF IN WHISKEY ($12):  This was the first dish I have ever tried from here and it was freaking amazing.  It's a mixture of thinly sliced beef and onions in this awesome creamy whisky sauce.  Delicious.NATTO GYOZA ($7):  The bf hates natto but loved this; that's saying a lot.  But honestly, if you're not accustomed to natto, stick with the regular gyoza but if you're a natto fan like me, definitely try this.  *CHICKEN GYOZA ($7):  This was a special request since I can't eat pork and had already tried the Natto Gyoza.  I gotta say, his gyoza is the best gyoza I've ever had.  It's actually the gyoza skin that makes it.  It's perfectly crispy on the top and has a silky smooth texture on the sides.  YUM!BEEF GYOZA ($7):  Another special request (that's what I love about this place, you can special request things and he'll accomodate you as best he can!).  He said it was his first time making beef gyoza and it was BOMB.  Bravo!GRILLED KALE CHEESE ($12):  Kale: you either love it or hate it.  But this Grilled Kale Cheese, EVERYONE loved!  Kale is a pretty bitter veggie but he made it taste great with that balsamic and grilled cheese, so creative!FRENCH FRIES ($8):  They're more like potato wedges cause they were huge!   Simple but good.~ ENTREES ~*MISO CHEESE CHICKEN ($14.50):  Their signature dish.  I always suggest this to newcomers.  The chicken is so moist and the combination of flavors is crazy good....you just gottta try it to see what I mean.  *VIENNA CHICKEN ($14):  This chicken is swimming in this amazing cream sauce and although it looks like a lot of sauce, it's the PERFECT amount.  At first glance, you would think there would be a bunch of sauce leftover but NO, it was the perfect sauce to chicken/rice ratio.  The plate was left completely empty.  *PUMPKIN CHICKEN ($14):  One of my favorites on the menu.  They use kabocha,  a Japanese pumpkin, and combine it with succulent chicken in this awesome garlic fishsauce.  Too delicious to describe in words.*LEMON CREAM BEEF ($15):  This dish is another of my favorites.  Basically this reminded me of beef stroganoff with a lemon flavor and rice instead of noodles.   TANDOORI CHICKEN ($14.50):  Had a nice spice to it and of course the chicken was moist and perfectly seasoned.KIMA CURRY ($14.50):  It's not your traditional liquid curry.  He uses a curry powder on the meat and mixes it with these DELICIOUS fried onions over a bed of rice.  He was nice enough to substitute the pork for beef for me and I cannot get over how good those onions are!!BEEF FRIED RICE ($13):  Straight up fried rice with nice big chunks of beef.  You can get it with chicken, pork, or shrimp as well.BEEF TACOS ($14):  They're street style tacos cause the chef said that in Mexico the street vendors would make their tacos with just meat, onions, cilantro and salsa and he was so surprised they didn't add any lettuce or cheese or anything else.  So he makes it similar but added cheese and sour cream.  BF said best tacos hes ever had.~ PASTA  ~SABA SPAGHETTI ($15):  The garlic shoyu flavor of the sauce was delicious!!  Their noodles are always cooked perfectly and with just the right amount of sauce.  Saba is a pretty fishy fish so only get this if you're into this kind of saba with the soft bones still in there.*COLD SPAGHETTI ($14):  I can't even describe the flavors in here.  It's like a thai flavored noodle dish and with sour and salty tones in there.  If I can remember correctly I think it was topped with mint leaves which was a nice addition that paired well.  If you like cold noodle dishes, I highly suggest this!(Wow have I really tried that much of their menu??)Some people wonder why the menu is so random but after talking with Lee, the owner, I now understand why there's so many different cuisines.  He said his dishes are a reflection of all the places he's traveled and his favorite dishes from each region that he wants to share with everyone he cooks for....pretty cool yea?Ah crap I've written another ridiculously long review AGAIN.  I just can't say enough great stuff about this place.  Basically what you need to know is that the owners are amazing and awesome and the heart and passion he cooks with is definitely shown though the outstanding food.  This may possibly be my favorite restaurant on the island.  Each and every person I have brought to this place has loved it and I urge you all to support this awesome local business!!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,2/13/2013,252,339,5,15,9>I LOVE this concept! I know a lot of people know Taste owner Mark Noguchi personally -- not that there's anything wrong with that, by the way, but I am not one of those people, so, rest assured, I'm not one of his friends coming here to be a cheerleader. What I am is a person who works in Kaka'ako and sees the need for more food variety within walking distance of my office.Out of the blue comes Taste. What I love is that while this is just a single physical location, it is not just a single restaurant. Every Tuesday, they'll feature Paul Zarate's awesome Zaratez tacos and burritos. The rest of the time? You just have to check the website and social media. I love that one space can offer so much variety and so much exposure to local chefs who haven't quite made Alan Wong status . . . yet. These aren't plate lunch jockeys, either, by the way: So far, I've had a savory basil oil caprese-type crepe one morning for breakfast, and today, legit Mexican fare with salsa that made my nose run for lunch. And it's all for a reasonable price: $10 for a plate with three tacos (your choice of meat, I got carnitas), Spanish rice and beans.So far, the service here has been pretty good, too. The people who take orders have been just the right amount of chatty: nice, but not to the point where you want to leave the room because they won't stop talking. I can't wait to see who and what else pops up in the Taste kitchen!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,2/12/2013,132,164,8,21,11>If it wasn't for a social outing through work, I never would have come to check this place out! For one thing, Ho'omaluhia is definitely out of the way for us townies. Once you get there though, you'll forget all about the drive! The grounds are lush, green, and just plain beautiful - the total opposite of urban Honolulu's sprawl of buildings and people. Kim C.'s review provides a lot of good info: yelp.com/biz/hoomaluhia-…My family and I enjoyed spending the day here, relaxing with a bento lunch and trying our luck with catch-and-release fishing at the lake.  Sadly, we were pretty unsuccessful at first, but here's what we found out:1. Don't use a floater on your pole; the fish are pretty smart and they'll avoid your line....I don't know if this is obvious to some, but we don't fish so this was news to us.2. Alternative to bread as bait = small pieces of hot dogs. We saw a couple of boys doing that and they were pulling up fish after fish! If you're thinking of spending a day here, don't forget: SunscreenWaterSnacks/lunchFishing bait (bread or hot dogs!)BUG SPRAY*Blankets to sit onComfortable shoesExtra clothes__________________________________________________­____________*I cannot emphasize this enough. I sprayed every inch of my exposed skin; yet those suckers managed to find the minuscule spots that I missed, so I still ended up with a couple of mosquito bites.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,2/11/2013,181,73,7,18,12>I'd often thought that the only thing that could make Shabu Shabu House better would be if they offered the option of choosing flavored broths. Enter my newly found obsession with Asuka Nabe + Shabu Shabu. "Isn't the word 'obsession' a little bit much?," you ask? Well, after tonight I'll have frequented this spot three times in the past week. You be the judge.My husband & I were regular patrons of Shabu Shabu House & being that many of the workers at Asuka are transplants from that establishment they make us feel right at home here. The owner always makes sure to stop by at our table to check in & thank us for coming back. The entire staff is ever welcoming & warm; you really feel appreciated & taken care of here. It's also very kid-friendly; our server even commented once that my toddler was well-behaved (REALLY??? My little monster?). Of course, my little girl proceeded to shove her seat cushion on the floor & knock on the back of our seats to the adjacent table to prove her wrong but it was a much appreciated compliment, as short-lived as it was.My mainstay here is the kalbi short rib & pork set with their Asuka soup base & multi-grain rice. The Asuka is a premium soup base so it's an extra $2.95 but it's well-worth it. Composed of milk, honey, miso & chicken broth & served with butter & cracked black pepper this stuff has addictive qualities. I've also tried the wafu & sukiyaki bases but nothing beats the Asuka in my book. There's something about the way all the different flavors meld together that just has me hooked.I must admit I'm hesitant to give Asuka Nabe + Shabu Shabu five stars...Because I'm absolutely smitten with the place it's only a matter of time before word gets out & this place is packed from the moment they open until the moment they close. But I'll risk it because the owners & staff deserve each & every bit of good press & word of mouth they get. Keep it up, guys! See you on Friday :)
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,2/10/2013,328,504,7,16,14>I truly believe that like my fellow Yelper, Terry K., that I too have been living under a rock recently.  I was quite thankful last night when friends finally introduced me to the dessert haven known as Frostcity.  It's slightly difficult to describe the frosty dishes at Frostcity, except to say that it's definitely more flavorful than shave ice and that the texture of the ice itself is much thinner and refined as well.  For a first time customer/visitor like myself, I had a difficult time choosing what I wanted to order, as there are at least 20 flavors (if not more) to choose from on their menu.  Besides the dessert selection, I believe there are also hot and cold teas to choose from as well.I was with a group of 8, and thankfully half of the group had been here before so I relied on them for some recommendations.  In the end I chose blueberry, while others in the group chose watermelon (which was actually recommended to me), peanut, blacksesame & milk (aka black and white), and their newest flavor, strawberry cheesecake.  Thankfully, I was able to sample all of the flavors that were ordered and I would have to say that I enjoyed all of the desserts....except mine!!  The blueberry flavor was just tremendously underwhelming, but I'm glad to have tried it so I know to order something else on my next visit.  Out of all the flavors, I would say I enjoyed the strawberry cheesecake the most, followed by a tie between the black and white and peanut.  Lastly, I liked the fact that small pieces of fresh fruit was also included with the dessert.PRICE:  I believe for most flavors the small size was $4.75, while the regular size was around $6.  Also, if memory serves me correctly, the regular size for the black and white was $10, while the prices for the small and regular sizes of the strawberry cheesecake were $1-2 more than the other flavors we ordered.ORDER:  Order at the counter from the staff, and they will provide you with a number.  Your desserts and/or drink will be delivered within a few minutes of ordering at your table.TIP:  Credit cards are accepted (I spied the Visa and MC logo near the cash register), but only for purchases greater than $10.SERVICE:  Wonderful.  The staff was pleasant and helpful, and readily came to clear away any used dishes once we were done.  I also appreciated that the staff went from table to table asking customers if "everything was ok?".PARKING:  Very limited.  Frostcity shares a very small parking lot with other businesses.  We ended up parking on the street near Bubbies truth be told.Bottom Line:  Flavorful desserts.  Great customer service.  I will make it a point to return soon =)
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,2/9/2013,835,537,7,13,13>The Five Star International Buffet is located on the 3rd floor of the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center in Waikiki. Parking is validated so you get the first hour for free, and it's $1 thereafter for up to 3 hours. The BF and I went for dinner on Friday night. I made reservations earlier in the week because I wasn't sure how busy the restaurant would be. Although we were caught in traffic, we arrived about 20 minutes early and we were seated right away.I looooove the ambiance of the restaurant. It's VERY modern and chic! Carpet floors, comfy chairs and booths, nice tables, paintings on the wall, and a nice relaxed but classy feel. They also pour water from carafes and it just makes the experience that much more classy!Staff: The hostess was friendly as was everyone else we came across. LEO was our server, and Robert was his 'helper', and I must say, both gentleman were EXCEPTIONAL! So pleasant and friendly! Always had our waters filled and my diet Pepsi refilled, along with removing dishes off of our table in a very timely manner. I left and I had used my butterknife, and when I returned, BAM, a clean butterknife! Service was seriously spot on and there are A LOT of other restaurants that could take a few pointers from the service we received tonight (albeit from a buffet!)Onto the food. Here are some of the items I remember. I will visualize myself walking down the buffet line lol. Cold section:-caesar salad (they add bacon bits). It was average-mixed green salad-macaroni salad (YUCK!!!)-imitation crab salad (I don't care for mayo but I actually had a few bites of this and it was good!-somen salad (I LOOOOVE me some somen salad and this was delish!)-shrimp cocktail-poke-assorted nigiri, maki, and sashimi (I don't eat raw fish so I can't explain what was what... but the BF enjoyed the sushi selection)Hot section:-steamed white rice-assorted breads and lavosh w/ butter (did not try this - too many other options to fill my tummy with!)-Thai chicken curry (it was not that great, but then again I'm Thai so I'm a harsh critic)-seafood chowder (bland)-salmon with asparagus and mushrooms (DELISH! Bite sized pieces of salmon sauteed in some garlic buttery goodness. This was prolly my fave dish!)-beef with mushrooms (square pieces of beef (kinda reminds me of braised meat??) which was VERY tender. It was pretty good. The sauce reminds me of a marsala wine sauce. -teriyaki chicken (yummy! reminded me of Tsuruya in Pearlridge lol)-Sauteed shrimp (fairly LARGE shrimp sauteed in some kinda sauce (I can't explain the sauce but it was YUMMY! I swear I ate like 15 of these shrimp - no joke!)-vegetable lasagna (this was REALLY popular on the buffet line but I just didn't care for it. probably because it has onions and I hate onions!)-misobutterfish (the fish was very tender (as butterfish is) but the sauce was a little overpowering for me)-cajun chicken wings (I love me some chicken wings but these had a kick!... not a spicy kick but a make-you-cough kinda kick!)-clam and squid pasta (I don't eat clams or squid - haha but the noodles weren't bad, except it was extremely spicy!)-assorted tempura (veggies and shrimp) (average tempura with average sauce)-truffled mash potatoes (loved it!)-prime rib (average prime rib - very medium rare but the good thing is that they will slice it for you and cook it to your liking if it's moo-ing a bit too much for you [as it was for me] lol)-seafood dynamite (the imitation crab and bread crumb mix on top was good, but the scallop, as soon as I bit into it, I bit into 'sand' and it was gross so I spit it out.)-beef kabob (the meat was tough and not seasoned enough)-eel kabob (I don't eat eel. the BF got one but didn't end up trying it)-oysters (average)-pork belly w/ anchovies and veggies (I didn't eat this but the BF tried it and said it was not bad)-tofu agedashi (BF tried it and liked it)-meatballs in some kinda sauce (BF said not bad, I didn't like it)-seafood boulliabase (not bad)Desserts:We literally got one of each item; see my pics. -mandarin dish which is in the middle of the 2 plates in the picture (yuck!)-those tiny blue mochi ball things had NO taste!-chocolate cake/borderline tiramisu (not bad)-green dessert (no taste)-strawberry with whipped cream (pretty good!)-chocolate cake square (hard and yucky)-apricot cupcake (dry and yuck)-smores (average)-fresh strawberries (fruit)-fresh oranges in the rind (oranges had no taste, kiwi and strawberry was good)-fresh papaya w/ some kind liquid in it (liquid was GROSS!)-bread pudding w/ strawberry and vanilla sauce (SAVING GRACE. DELICIOUS!)Dinner: $48/per person. They offer a 15% kama'aina discount. Food comes in small portions which I like because you get to try everything and you know it's made fresh! Buffet line is small and cramped as others say. All in all, I'd give em 3.5 stars and the BF said 4 stars. Not bad!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,2/8/2013,588,341,6,18,16>I'm gonna pay it forward however much it pains me since I know of this place only because my girl Julia S., queen of our Mo'ili'ili hood Mediterranean and healthy eats shared the love with me.They have the softest, most delicious pita bread I've ever tasted - it's pillowy, warm and tender - a carbolicious cloud of YUMMY.  #1 recommendation - order the PLATE.  It's an amazing value - you'll get all the fillings of the sandwich, whatever your choice, plus two sides and most importantly TWO of the delicious heavenly pitas!I chose the Shakshuka plate, organic Hawaiian eggs poached in a sauce with local tomato, chili peppers and spices.  The cook experimented on mine and made it a soft scramble style, which was delicious.  Next time I'll be back to try the traditional poached style though. ($10.25)yelp.com/biz_photos/shal…My cousin had the turkey/chicken (not sure if it was both or just turkey...) shwarma plate.  It came with a mountain of the freshly shaved meat, two sides and two pitas. ($11.75)yelp.com/biz_photos/shal…We both opted for the falafel as one of our sides - crunchy on the outside, tender and well-seasoned on the inside.  Delicious!  I also had the tabbouleh - fresh, herb-y and lemony.I will DEFINITELY be back for more.  The owner was very accommodating, though it seems they are working out some kinks with the ordering and timing, it is well worth the wait.... Just make sure you show me some love if you see me in line for passing on this gem of a spot!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,2/7/2013,174,381,5,14,8>This place is for the grown and sexy with a wallet to match. As many have said before me, if you're wanting to dress up or get stylish and have a very classy, upscale, relaxing, intimate evening with a date or small group of friends, this is the place. The live jazz music just adds to the ambiance of sophistication. Plus there's a dress code, too. As far as prices go, you get what you pay for. Drinks start at $12 and so does the food BUT you get a super proper cocktail. These are by far some of the best cocktails I've had in a long while.  The food was okay, really I don't think you come here for that, you come for the drinks and the ambiance. I personally wouldn't call this place a weekly haunt but  I'm glad a place like this exsists coz it's nice to have an option where there isn't drunk mokes in athletic gear double fisting pitchers of Steinlager in your face.Pros:-Sophisticated, relaxing and comfy ambiance-Excellent live jazz-Validated parking-Tucked away from the hustle & bustle of Waikiki-Noise level is good as you can actually talk and hear your companions-Service was great that nightCons:-If you consider cost and a dress code a con than uh...yeah it sucks! lol. But again I believe you get what you pay for and its on par with this establishment.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,2/6/2013,92,114,16,6,13>So the reason I found myself at Cafe Maharani is a bit....different.  My friend was 37 weeks pregnant and she was SO ready to evacuate that baby.  She read that eating really spicy foods often do the trick and send ladies into labor, so we pulled up to the cafe around 5:30 p.m.  (Only about a 10 minute wait.  And it was on a Friday!) She ordered the HOTTEST item on their menu.  Literally, this dish had chili peppers sticking out of the curry.  She was sweating her booty off, but she was in a state of bliss.  I ordered vegetable korma and the coconut rice.  Just saying...the coconut rice alone was enough to keep me coming back day after day.  It was the most amazing rice I have put in my mouth in my life.  The curry was amazing, but I can honestly say I have had better. (The reason for the 5 stars is seriously because of the rice.  It's THAT good.)The atmosphere is nice and cozy and authentic.  I really loved watching the Bollywood videos and drinking out of strange metal goblets.They give you enough food for about 3 meals, so all in all, the price is a great deal if you package some to take home for lunch and dinner the next day.  Trust me, you'll want it again.The best news???  My friend went into labor at 2 a.m. that morning and had her baby the next day!!  Thanks for a happy, healthy birth Cafe Maharani!! :D
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,2/5/2013,508,149,7,9,8>I have always wanted to treat my hubby here for our anniversary, or a "just because" date, but thought it too swanky and expensive & that I would have to take a 2nd mortgage out or break into my" European trip" Piggy bank to afford it.WRONG! I found out that they have a pre-fixed menu with wine pairings from $30-75 per person based on 3,4 or 6 course dinners.(Smiling ear to ear!) And to top it off, Happy Hour is from 5-7pm with $5 appetizers!! (Jumping up in the air twirling w/ a double axle landing)Tearing up the loan application, and tucking away Pretty Pink Priiscilla bank, I grabbed hubby's hand and away we went to town!Stage Restaurant ,located on Kapiolani Bd and Piikoi, is on the 2nd floor of the Honolulu Design Center along with their WineBar Amuse and Cupola Theatre. Parking is free and always pretty ample. As you walk through the floors of Modern Fendi furniture and Paperclip Chandeliers, you feel as if you need a secret invite to Stage, wondering "Is there really a 4-star romantic restaurant around here?" And just as you're about to go back down the elevator, you can here the laughter and the sound of clinking wine glasses from Amuse WineBar, which is "amusing". Check it out for the experience of "pouring".It starts from $1.19 to $30 a pour (which is a few ounces). It's a place to have fun, and also "educate" your wine palate and see what you may like.GOOD TIP- You buy a pre-paid card, any amount, and can re-fill as you go, but on certain days, you can pay $25 and get $50 worth of credit! (Great gift as well)If you opt to wait for your wine parings during dinner, have a seat in the Cupola Terrace and enjoy HH. The Garden Mist (fresh muddled cucumbers, basil, sugar Ginger-ale and tequila) is refreshing and the steamed little Mini-puas and french fries are yummy, but don't fill yourself up, your palate is in for a treat at Stage.As we walked into Stage with excited anticipation, the Receptionist  greeted us with a smile .was pleasant, called us by our surnames, and it took only moments to get our table ready. The decor was beautiful, modern , and oh so cool! She sat us at a lovely table by the window, and within minutes, our professional waiter was by our side with a plethera of knowledge of everything on the menu.We had the 3 course pre-fixe menu, which was just perfect. As our waiter left to place our order, the server came out with a beautiful array of fresh warm bread that we can pick and choose . We're now are feeling like royalty, and haven't even had our delish Beet & Goat cheese salad!The presentation of all the dishes were refined and simplistic, simply stunning! Short ribs were awesome, the Risotto was like velvet, and the Bread guy came back again with his basket of goodies! (Me- Pointing at the Sourdough, while chomping on the Pumpernickel) Dessert was the perfect portions & paired it with a yummy Kahlua Coffee drink!Overall, we applaud this restaurant... the world was our Stage and the food was the star of the show!.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,2/4/2013,401,255,8,12,10>I have to admit that when I tried Primo Popcorn at the Yelp Zoo event i wasn't blown away.  It could have been because the taste testers were "stingy".  I understand that there were 2000 people invited so they didn't want to run out but you don't always get the full effect/ flavor when you only have one kernel.  Fast forward... I decided to give them another try and went down to the store.  The sample girl was so cute.  She really knows her stuff and can offer up great suggestions.  I suggest you try before you buy.  I probably sampled the whole store.  They give you more than one kernel to try.  Their popcorn is truly gourmet and full of flavor.  Whatever you're craving they have it.  They also mention people buy popcorn as gifts and give "breakfast", "lunch" and "dinner".I am hooked on Primo Popcorn.  I can't wait to go back!  You must try: Raging crab.. That is by far my favorite.  Lihing pineapple was pretty good if you like sweet.   Da werks is good too.  They're all good.  Tip:  Use your ID card and save on up to 5 bags.  :)
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,2/3/2013,70,194,3,13,10>By day a cozy sandwich shop, by night an upscale eatery. Both menus delicious. I think i'm in love. The first time I went here, I had the upscale, sit-down experience. Which, I was not expecting...AT ALL. I thought, let's eat here instead of Cactus because it's probably much cheaper...WRONG. At night the prices are like $20 per entree and all the food comes out looking like you're at a fine dining restaurant.  My boyfriend had the duck with kale and potatoes and I had the gigantic pork chop. It was so good. Oh and who could forget the bruschetta for appetizers. Mmm, actual fresh pieces of tomato and a hint of a goat cheese taste with yummy balsamic.  It was sooo yummy. --- til this day my boyfriend talks about the thick cut pork chop i had that night and you see the gleam in his eye and the slight drool down his face. LOL.Next time we came it was with the parentals. Slightly different atmosphere in the day. You place an order at the counter (theres sandwiches, pizzas, and other deli items - as well as not so deli items like crabcakes and lasagna in their showcase area that you can order), then you pay at another register, take a number to your seat and wait to be called (or served, depending on how long you take to walk up there and pick up your food). I got the chicken club made with...REAL chicken! I was expecting thin slices of deli meat chicken, but no, I got a big breast piece of actual chicken! It was yummy...and did I mention it came on foccaccia roll? My boyfriend got the special which was the butterfish Po' Boy. It was one of those moments where you love your boyfriend, but you would totally steal his sandwich and run away if the opportunity presented itself. :) The butterfish was so flavorful and tender and the slaw on top was yummy and crisp, not overly mayonaisey and soggy like some places. Definitely look forward to eating here more. I want to try a pizza and crabcakes next time :) Oh! and before I forget, their Curry Potato Salad thingy is sooooooooo good we wanted to put it in a sandwich! The regular potato salad is just so-so though.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,2/2/2013,101,91,8,11,10>Sometimes it's not all about looks. When it comes to Korean soups, chigaes do not photograph well.  Take for example, biji chigae, ground soybean soup.  Okay before you start to think back to your worst drunken escapade where you made friends with your friend's toilet, think of the positive like good for you soybeans all ground up and cooked down with sour kimchee and a few pork slices.Growing up, biji chigae was one dish my mom would order consistently, sometimes even when it was not on the menu, it would magically appear at our table.  My own reaction to the steaming mustardy bowl was the same every time, yuck.   It was not the bubbling bright red spitting fire chigae I'd crave but a rather bland looking stew with kimchee poking from its thick paste.  I can only think that I must have been missing my mom that afternoon when  I immediately took note of the biji chigae scribbled on the wall at Ja Gal Chi.  Sometimes, people get hung up in the texture of foods and get stuck.  They cannot move onto the next stage of tasting the strangely textured dish.  Biji chigae is a bit like that.  You know that tofu, kimchee and pork marry extremely well.  But when that tofu is in its pre-block stage, then you basically find yourself eating a bowl of deconstructed kimchee chigae where soybeans rule.  But you know what?  It's good to the last drop good.  I want some now.  While it's not a hard to find menu item, when you are surrounded by harabagis and halmonies, you know your biji chigae is in good company.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,2/1/2013,138,137,4,10,10>As some other yelpers described Pioneer Saloon as fusion Japanese/local food or "Japanese plate lunch" which is a great way to describe this place.  Foods normally found at Shirokiya are put into plate lunch containers with the typical rice and mac salad and served to all.   After a few minutes of debating between the ahi or the pork cutlet I ended up trying the pork cutlet.  It was a little drier than I had expected (even with the tonkatsu sauce) but it was still a pretty good cut of pork.  The portion size was alright, I felt full, but I was also still eyeing the acai bowl across the street at the Health Bar... For the price, about eight bucks, it was a very nice meal.  My other friends had a variety of different dishes like the tako, corquette, and poke bowl with the poke bowl being the favorite dish.I don't think this place has its own parking lot, so you will have to find street parking.  Luckily, there is an abundance of street parking, but you may have to walk a few blocks.  It was pretty crowded on a Saturday around lunch time and the line didn't slow down 'till about one in the afternoon. I'm a bit excited to come back to try the different dishes.  One friend had the poke bowl which looked amazing and I want to try the mochiko chicken and the katsu curry and the ahi...so yeah I'll be back...haha.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,1/31/2013,196,187,17,12,12>I always feel somewhat like a ninja every time I visit La Gelateria.  After all, it's tucked away on a side street and has a very unassuming entrance.  If you weren't looking for it, you probably wouldn't really notice it.  As soon as I get out of the car, I stealthily speed walk to the entrance (y'know, just in case others get the same idea and we have a ninja vs. pirate showdown over gelato/sorbetto...).  I yank open the door, jump inside, and gleefully head straight to the large glass freezer.  Cue hallelujah, hallelujah music.  Delightfully light sorbetto on the left; sinfully smooth gelato on the right.  Is there a more beautiful sight on a hot summer day?  I think not.Over the past few visits, I have had six different flavors of sorbetto--Lychee, Green Tea with Lemon Grass, Lemon, Tangerine, Guava and Mango.  Out of the five, my absolute favorites are the Lemon and Mango.  Today, I was lucky enough to snag a pint of Blackberry Cabernet!  I hadn't seen the flavor in stock before so I knew it was left over from a special restaurant order.  I had a few scoops as soon as I got home and it was yuuuummmy!  There was just the right touch of the wine in the sorbetto--unbelievably delicious!  For the gelato, I always get the Kona Coffee--it's a crowd pleaser and never fails to hit the spot!!!Just so it's clear, I don't normally resort to fists when trying to resolve an issue.  But when the issue at hand is defending my fair share of La Gelateria gelato and sorbetto, I just might have to bust out my ninja skillz.  Y'know, the ones I picked up from the days I used to spend watching/reading Naruto.  So even though I hope all the reviews here bring this place more business, I not-so-secretly pray that there will always be enough left for those of us who shared about this hidden gem in the first place!!!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,1/30/2013,260,347,13,10,10>Is it possible to get hooked onto a dish? Because the pig and the lady is my crack, and im always feinding for more! This review is based off of the various pig and the lady pop up stands that frequent the various farmers markets around town. I can only imagine the restaurant to be much more of a excellent dining experience. My last visit to the pig and the lady pop up went about occuring because my gf had never visited the KCC farmers market. She is Japanese. MIND BLOWN! So i bring it up to her randomly during the week, and Saturday rolls along and she suggest we visit the KCC farmers market. First word out of my mouth "ABSOLUTELY" (keep in mind this is before i tell her about the pig and the lady)10 Minutes later we're in the car. All im thinking "I wonder what sort of Bahn Mi they have today."Gf is talking to me in the car. Im thinking "Omg. I can't wait to bite into the crispy goodness." I hear gf's voice in my peripheral selective hearing still thinking "Please have Bahn Mi Buncha, the texture and mixture of meat, veggies, sauce, and crispy warm bread is incomparable to any other sandwich on this earth."I finally answer "what was that honey?" Strange looks. 10 minutes later we arrive at the farmers market.Gf asks "So where should we go first?"Me: "Oh i dont know how about we just look around" (As i start walking in the direction of the pig and the lady)Me: "Hey look over there honey, that place is called "The Pig and the Lady, isn't that funny?" (Just me chuckling) We get to the Pig and the Lady and i am able to convince my Gf to try it.We both order the Bahn Mi. Sink our teeth in and sparks fly. Bahnmi Buncha is the best! They offer a variety of unique tasty Bahn Mi but Buncha (Pork Patty) is still my favorite! Look forward to eating this again next time!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,1/29/2013,695,1184,6,16,9>I've always been mystified with this place, ever since I saw it open up when I pass by it on the way to and from work on a daily basis. Located within the University corridor, The Tea Farm Cafe is located on South King Street, just before University Avenue, so it's right on the bus line of #1, #4, #6, and # A.  Perfect for university students or just anyone who needs tea for their lifestyle and to drink.  I wasn't so sure about the parking situation, but luckily (or otherwise) for me, I was glad I could hop off the bus and check this place out, demystify and enlighten myself.I walked in and was very amazed by the immaculate design that this cafe holds. It was a vibrant display of cool and comfort that makes me want to come back again and again. While I am not really a tea drinker, I do like tea for its health benefits. I've always thought there was just a few varieties of tea, but I have learned a thing or two when I have come to this place. There is a multitude of varieties and strains of tea leaves and extracts that I would not have begun to realize that existed!  I loved to sort through the different kinds of tea, almost like perusing the buffet line a once over and sniffing it before scooping out your portions. They do sell other things besides tea, which is pretty good too. What's food without tea? Yep, I thought exactly. They have sandwiches and desserts. I feel like this place could replace Starbucks for me, since it was very calm and comforting to chill here and just be embedded in this place. You can get lost in a cup of tea and not even know it. Sometimes that's the best way to look at it. They brew tea there as well, and one cup sells for $2.75 and a pot goes for $5. Fresh and pure, that's the only way to go.  Between UH Manoa, Glaziers Coffee, and now The Tea Farm Cafe, where would you like to hang out and study? I wished that they have this place during my stay @ UH - Manoa, but I will be back here sometime, just so I can work on my on again, off again 1st novel.They accept major credit cards, which is always a plus. They have an iPad, which serves as their cash register. 21st Century technology! I love that. That's pretty bad ass! I could tell that they are really proud of that piece of hardware, for sure. I'm surprised more and more businesses are not using that iPhone credit card swiper thingy that they advertise on tv. Oh well, I guess whatever works for the business. Overall, I could see myself drinking more tea and not coffee @ Starbucks, but old habits usually die hard and I would need to force myself to come back here again. Support local!A+
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,1/28/2013,1173,101,1,14,11>I've been visiting Bladwin's since I was a child, always a great visit at this family operated shave ice and snack shop in Waimalu.  The people are always friendly and pleasant, even if the lines grow long and out the door.  They keep their cool, or maybe it's just all the ice they got behind the counter that helps?  But either way, I've never had an unpleasant experience here.My favorite flavor of shave ice is Melona with a snow cap.  Sometimes I like ice cream inside.  My mom loves banana flavor with azuki beans in her shave ice too. They also have diabetic syrups, not sure what flavors cause I always splurge on getting my ususal.  I'll update with those flavors at a later date.  It's nice that they've put that option out there for those who want and need/or need it.Prices are very reasonable, and on hot days, it's a life saver!!Snow Factory is down at the other end of the lot from Baldwin's and though I love them too, Baldwin's brings back memories of days gone by, with that added touch of family owned business, where service and a smile go a long way.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,1/27/2013,344,60,9,11,12>There are lots of mixed reviews about this place. But I don't care what others say! I like it here. I used to be a huge fan of So Gong Dong that was located in McCully shopping center. But they recently closed down. So Cho Dang is my new best friend. I will be honest with ya'll and tell you some of the things that DON'T fill my cup of tea and what does fill my cup. So bare with me as I list them all below.DISLIKES: - Seating (Yes, seating bites the dust here! Which makes the wait times long sometimes. They recently just got new chairs and tables. Their old tables and chairs were doodoo)- Maybe this may be my crazy imagination ... but sometimes I think people who are actually fully Korean get served first o_O- Slow serving times (Sometimes)LOVES:- Their food!!! Oh my gosh ... NOM NOM NOM everything they have!- Their soon du bu is bomb.com. Don't care what anyone else says!- I love how they are conveniently right next door to Nijiya market.- Friendly staff who make you feel like you're actually Korean for that itsy tiny moment you are there.- Best place for cheap and GOOD Korean food- Want a "Korean night" with your chingoos? (Friends in Korean) then come one and come all to Cho Dang's! Open late until 1 AM.So there you have it my lovelies. Sure it has its PROS and CONS but what restaurant out there is perfect? NOTHING! So give them a try.*Secret* There is this one Korean lady there that I'm kind of afraid of. She always appears to be angry and it makes me afraid to ask her for an extra bowl of rice sometimes. Haha.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,1/26/2013,153,88,9,33,17>In my ten years of visiting then living in Hawaii, I've eaten some of the best sushi on the islands, been to all the seen-and-be-seen spots, and chowed down on food that most foodies would sacrifice their first-born for. But until recently, the laid-back, HRC (Hawaii Regional Cuisine) driven island has been underrepresented and lacking in the culinary department of this ever-growing foodie society. Vintage Cave and Chef Chris Kajioka fill that void. And it all begins with a journey - a twisted time travel, if you will. As Dorothy would say, "follow the (not so) yellow brick road." Underneath the hustle and bustle that is Shirokiya and Ala Moana Shopping Center, in the dark depths of the basement parking level, you'll be surprised to find a glimpse of a crimson-red brick entrance. Upon entering, you'll find yourself alarmed at the unexpected travel back in time, a warm arrival in a "vintage cave" of 12th or 16th century Europe. The restaurant is designed to mimic the Brick Gothic/Renaissance architecture prevalent during those eras, entirely comprised of imported, fired red-clay bricks. The host greets and ushers you in through the solid wood doors. The lobby, hallways, and dining room are subtly illuminated by crystal chandeliers, jeweled candlelight. Exceptional pieces of art (original Picasso, even!) drape the walls, simlar to a Renaissance museum, exuding the utmost cultivation.Several members, if not all, of the staff greet you and pull out the chair for you to be seated. Once seated, the table napkin is unfolded for you and placed upon your lap. Menus arrive, printed on shimmery off-white cardstock. Water is served, albeit poured out of plastic water bottles. Fine Roederer Estate champagne, courtesy of the Chef, arrives for you to enjoy. But, the first true magical moment occurs when you review the menu - the beautiful list unveiling what is to come. OYSTERS (hibiscus, shiso, pickled ginger)PAIN AU LAIT (smoked milk bread)FISH SKIN CRACKER (black bean clam, lime zest)TOMATO (meringue, basil)GOLDEN OSETRA CAVIAR (smoked tuna gel, turnip cream)IKURA (potatoes, green apple, cress)CABBAGE (miso, konbu, dill, anchovy)ISAKI (kabocha, pickled garlic, escabeche)HIRABARA FARMS (pineapple vinager)CHIDORI YOLK (celery root, truffle, ham, parmesan)FOIE GRAS (maple syrup, corn, blueberries, celery)WAGYU BEEF (spinach, sunchoke, charred scallion, sancho pepper)SHIO KOJI (nasturtium)FROMAGER d'AFFINOIS (peppercorns, orange peel, cacao nib, sesame)CANELE (rum glace)The wildly flavorful and technical dishes at this scene-stealing restaurant are as relentless and they are delicious. From beginning to end, Vintage Cave employs refinement, creativity, exclusivity, and above all, taste; a sense of taste that transcends food alone. Vintage Cave is what visionaries dream of. Hawaii is lucky. They just don't know what hit them yet.--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------OPEN TO THE PUBLIC DEC 10th, 2012 (one year only)thereafter, MEMBERS only - memberships range from a one-time payment of $5,000 - 500,000. CHEF'S TASTING MENU (one menu)12 courses - $295/person
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,1/25/2013,658,339,13,13,12>A visit to my home is like seeing a campy sci-fi movie...Attack of the Clutter Monster! In my quest to rid my home of massive amounts of unwanted and disorganized stuff, I decided in an act of desperation to call in a professional--Nancy Nino of Aloha Organizers. Nancy is so easy to work with! I found it simple to make an appointment, and Nancy was prompt to return my messages/questions. She also asked for details and photos ahead of the appointment to better plan her attack. Finally, she responded back to me with suggestions for "pre-organization" which made the whole process go a lot faster.Nancy is like a ghostbuster for clutter...when she arrives on the scene, she ferrets out disorganized messes and makes short work of them, leaving a cleaner, more organized space in her wake. After she left, I felt like I could breathe easier!And despite her ruthless attacks on clutter, Nancy is the nicest person ever. I'm thinking of putting her on speed dial for next time I am attacked...!Yelp 365 Challenge 201/365
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,1/24/2013,442,466,24,32,30>JUICY FAT BURGER with the BEST SWEET POTATO FRIES! SECRET SAUCE is the bomb.com!!! I like the food at this location much better than their original location! Thanks Grant S. for keeping me in the loop!!The second location for Honolulu Burger Co. opened up last week in the old Antonio's Pizza spot next to Kahala Nails! Park in the same lot as Kahala Urgent Care, Hakuyosha, and Lams Garden.Before I forget, THE SWEET POTATO FRIES with the SECRET SAUCE is a MUST TRY! The yellow sauce is darker than the one at the other location and to me WAAYY better!I loved my HAWAIIAN BRIAN BURGER LETTUCE BOWL which comes bun-less and on top of a fresh tossed green salad. My juicy burger was cooked perfectly as requested and topped with ham and a pineapple salsa. What a carnivorous gluten-free delight! yelp.com/biz_photos/hono…The same extensive burger menu from Beretania is available here too but we played it safe with what we know, the MUSHROOM MUSHROOM BURGER. Excellent choice if you don't know what to order! yelp.com/biz_photos/hono…For now, no shakes are available but really, with a burger and perfect sweet potato fries, who has room for anything else!?
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,1/23/2013,171,537,5,13,7>slap on your bow-ties, and comb your hair b/c we're gonna get us some fancy grub tonight.....dk Steak House is a place i've passed by many times on my way to Sansei happy hour, but i've never tried them until now.  infamous for their dry-aged steak, people come to take advantage of their tender and juicy, "melt in your mouth" meats....but what did i have?  not a steak.... i know, i know..... don't worry though.  i still had an animal on my plate: ROSEMARY & GARLIC MARINATED LAMB CHOPS - $36 - Served with a mango & mint relish, garlic demi and a red wine reduction (6 bones up in there!)i couldn't taste this supposed "mint relish" but it doesn't matter b/c these lamb chops were DELICIOUS!  nice crust, and amazing flavor, and not super gamey like lamb sometimes is.... if you're not feeling like steak, get the lamb!! also had: HAMAKUAL ALI'I MUSHHROOMS - $ 11 - Sauteed with garlic and white wine.  this was a nice side, but i do not know if they were truly worth $11..... and then theres......TRUFFLE "MAC & CHEESE" - $8 - Home Style" Macaroni & Cheese with Black Truffles & White Truffle Oil.  this was TASTY!!!  rich and very fragrant.  you can really taste the truffles. overall, a delicious and EXPENSIVE dinner.... but my stomach was very happy...... check them out if you're celebrating!  p.s. - parking is validated, but try not to stay tooo toooo long...... we paid $8 for 3 hours!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,1/22/2013,487,140,14,29,24>When I first arrived in Hawaii from South Texas, many aspects of it felt like Bizarro world to me. I kept thinking every "BBQ" place was the southern slow cooked southern BBQ that I was so used to. Imagine my surprise when every single one of them turned out to be a Korean BBQ place! I also discovered Ramen comes come in things other than plastic packages with a flavor pouch. And it was better, way way better!!And instead of having a Latin grocery store on every corner and ONE tiny little Asian market, I now encounter many asian grocery stores and only ONE tiny Latino market!Over the years I have completely embraced every aspect of Hawaii and the wonderful cuisine it has, but I still can't get rid of my cravings for Mexican food. Thankfully, I'm not slouch in the kitchen, so my go to place for Mexican ingredients is Mercado de la Raza. By default, it's really the only Latin store on Oahu, but I still like it. It has everything I need. Cheeses, tortillas, picked japapenos and carrots, fideo, Mexican cokes and Marta's own homemade salsas are yummy! My favorite is her green one and I always pick one up if I'm too lazy to make my own(which is all the time!)For the record, the owner has always always been very nice. She's running a shop so sometimes might be in the back stocking things, but she has never put me off, been rude or given me straight up bad service. Her son is very nice too, he's just a little more on the shy side.  It's taken me some time to get to know them over the years, but now I can say I am fond of them both. Anyone who imports all the flavors of Mexico for me to enjoy is a Godsend in my book!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,1/21/2013,145,143,5,15,10>Lemon Crunch Cake!If you're old enough to remember the lemon crunch cake from the Alexander Young Hotel Bakery......this is it!!  yelp.com/biz_photos/BnaX…yelp.com/biz_photos/BnaX…I Googled and found out that when the hotel on Bishop and Hotel was torn down in the 1980's and the bakery closed, one of the bakers went to Le Bon Bakery and another was the owner of Deluxe Pastry in Kaneohe. If you don't see a cake that you want ask them. (They have a small sign to that effect on the counter.)  That's what we did. I went there specifically to find the lemon crunch cake.  They didn't have any, and when I asked the clerk said they could make one in "5 minutes".  I thought I heard wrong, but sure enough she went in the back and frosted one for me.  The cake was light and airy.  The frosting is light (sort of like Reddi-whip) and was okay, but nothing to write home about. What makes the cake is the crunch.  It tastes like they  made it themselves.  I would have like to taste, more lemon in the crunch, but it was still great.  Deluxe is also known for their pies: custard pie, coconut custard, lemon custard, and apple.  The lemon chiffon crunch is only made on Fridays.  They also have eclairs (and mini eclairs) which I've got to try on my next visit there.  They also sell small cartons of milk and juice to go with their pastries.  yelp.com/biz_photos/BnaX…yelp.com/biz_photos/BnaX…yelp.com/biz_photos/BnaX…This is an old style bakery complete with screen door.  Nothing fancy, but good old fashioned pastry and friendly service.Oh...and Cash Only!31 Yelps Challenge: #12/31
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,1/19/2013,184,127,5,14,9>Heard about Cafe Blue via Gina B.'s check-ins and review. :) Ate here twice last week and enjoyed the menu items that I have ordered.I highly recommend the CHICKEN PANINI (with side of tossed greens or fries). The chicken is juicy and they pack the panini with arugula. Love love LOVE! I also find the balsamic dressing tasty!I have also tried the Italian panini. Tasty, but I think I was expecting some kind of salami mix and it turned out to taste more like Italian sausage. Great if you like the flavor of Italian sausage. If not, get the chicken panini!I love that they make your order when you get there, and that they have quick pre-packed wraps, salads, and treats like JELLO! The strawberry jello is yummers.I love that it's never packed (yet...), it's clean, there's tons of seating both indoors and outdoors, there's a view, there's tvs, and there are impressive restrooms on the same floor! The location is über-convenient for all downtown workers. Prices are reasonable since most items are tastier than your normal fare downtown.I look forward to more lunches at Cafe Blue. Still have to try the burger and catch of the day!Like the other reviewers mentioned, Cafe Blue is on the 6th floor of Bank of Hawaii's main branch on the corner of King and Bishop (yes, above the where the tellers are and NOT the tower next to it with Starbucks). Open to the public for breakfast and lunch. You don't have to check in with the guard to access Cafe Blue. Happy eating!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,1/18/2013,209,95,13,14,12>You're not pregnant or obscenely obese, so why the hell are you craving something so absolutely bad for you?Don't blame it on the rain (warning: 80's reference. #stupid)These things are called POI DONUTS.They're purple, have a malasadas consistency, and are covered in a diabetic serum of sugar glaze.Do not listen to Right-winged, Christian fearing bigots who secretly hook-up on Craigslist during the RNC ... wait, where am I?  That's right ... back to your regularly scheduled rant ...This bakery opens really early and is in the Kalihi area, down the street from Kamehameha Shopping Center and Kamehameha Schools Kapalama Campus, closest to Damien Memorial School.  There's ample parking in the back of the building, you'll just have to contend with the congested intersection of Houghtailing and School Street.Don't waste your time - be sure to buy these POI DONUTS by the dozen.They take pre-orders a day in advance.  I've called in orders as short as 15 minutes prior, and they're happy to hold it for you.You're taking a major gamble if you try to get any POI DONUTS after 10:30 AM.They have other bakery staples (their glazed donuts give Krispy Kreme a run for their money), Filipino pastries, and the Haupia bun is worth a try, too.Accepts credit cards for all amounts (unlike some law-breaking dumb ass establishments with their $5 minimum).
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,1/17/2013,1046,338,6,13,12>If it werent for the price tag, I would eat here on a weekly basis.  But its better this way, as when you go for special occasion, it makes it all the better.  My wife took me here for my birthday this past sunday.  My experience was 5 stars all the way.We were greeted promptly and welcomed.  We were sat right away and was asked for our drink order right away.  By the time he returned a few minutes later, we knew what we wanted, the gold set (no tongue replaced by pork).  Dishes started coming out right away.  Namul, house salad, and the pork and rib eye.  They have three dipping sauces: ponzu, a wasabi mix paste and their house specialty sauce (sweet teri like sauce)  Although the pork was good, I've had better at korean yakiniku places.  But I didnt come here to eat pork.  The rib eye was amazingly flavorful and soft.  Dipped in ponzu, it was incredible.Next came the skirt steak and kalbi.  These two were my favorite.  Such and awesome flavor its hard to explain.  Its like eating little morsels of heaven.  With the house sauce....Orgasm!  The gold although didnt look like much filled us both up.  They finished us off with a slice of green tea azuki bean ice cream pie.  Perfect ending.  On the next occasion definitely trying the Wagyu and Kobe.  Cant wait.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,1/16/2013,577,251,38,17,15>They say love is hard to define.  I can define love.  Love is taking your wife to Kickin Kajun for an outstanding $40 combo platter; extricating the succulent meat out of the delectable crab legs, and feeding her the largest tastiest chunks so she doesn't have to get her hands dirty.  Love is then continuing to do so after the sharp edge of a broken crab shell slices open your finger letting the spicy goodness of the Kajun Sauce under your skin.  Real love is then continuing to mine out and feed her the best bites even after some of that spicy Kajun Sauce splatters in your eye.  This is how I proved my love to my bride tonight at Kickin Kajun.  What did you do for your wife?  You better step it up a notch.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,1/15/2013,237,127,6,10,9>You can add Thai Town Cafe to the list of great cheap eats in the Kalihi area.  Open for about 3 months, I had heard about a new Thai place setting up shop in the area but did not feel compelled to visit until I read Cin T's review.  Located in a strip mall with Diner's Drive Inn and next to Han Yang, Thai Town Cafe is truly a hidden gem that more people need to check out.  Since I work in the area, I am always looking for new places to eat at that are not the typical plate lunch places that are prevalent in Kalihi.  The Thai food here may not be the best on the island but what brings me back are the awesome lunch combos which are all under $10 and is worth 1 star alone for the tremendous value.  I don't know about you, but I do not ever remember spending less than $10 at a Thai restaurant with Bangkok Chef being the lone exception.  That being said, the food is actually pretty tasty and the generous portions certainly make me happy after a long morning of hard work.  As far as the food goes, here is a quick rundown of what I have tried so far on multiple visits.Pad Thai- Sad to say, this was probably my least favorite dish that I ate at Thai Town. Although the portions were huge, the noodles tasted a bit gummy to me and maybe should have been cooked a bit longer.  Other than that, the taste was not bad but still did not come close to the pad thai at someplace like Sala Thai.Penang Curry with Thai Fried Chicken-The fried chicken here reminded me of a Japanese style chicken with a light flour batter.  The chicken itself was crispy on the outside while still juicy on the inside.  The dipping sauce that accompanied the chicken was a bit on the sweet side, but still tasty nonetheless.-I am by not means a curry expert, but the Penang Curry here was delicious.  Consisting of chicken and green beans, the curry had a great coconut milk and peanut taste, both items that I just love.  My only wish was that I had sticky rice in my lunch combo.Spicy Basil Eggplant Beef with Thai Fried Chicken- Not sure why they call this spicy since it is absolutely not hot at all. That being said, the beef was a little tough but the generous portions of eggplant topped with garlic bits more than made up for the beef.  The combination of basil and the soy-based stir fry sauce were just right. All in all, if you are in the Kalihi area, and craving Thai food, Thai Town Cafe is definitely the place to eat at.  Tasty food with generous portions at a reasonable price.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,1/14/2013,337,62,6,11,8>So happy I finally got to try here after months and months of wondering! I came here with my bf and his family for a birthday outing :) We arrived around 6:15pm on a Sunday evening and it was busy! I was actually starving when we were seated so everything on the menu looked delicious! My bf's mom suggested that I get the combo set which gave me the choice of choosing one, two or three sides.  The sets came with miso soup, a side salad, and bean sprouts. There were over 12 different sides to choose from.  I went with miso butterfish, shrimp tempura and yakitori.Miso Butterfish - There were two fried pieces of fish with miso dressing over it.  I liked that the fish was tender but there were lots of bones! Be careful because some are small and you can easily choke on them.  Shrimp Tempura - There were two shrimps, one carrot and one eggplant.  There was kind of a lot of batter around it which everyone commented on but I didn't really notice it because I ate everything :PYakitori - Two sticks of chicken.  Very tender and flavorful!By the end of the meal, I was really full! But a very nice old man came by to greet us and recommended their famous ice cream pie.  We ordered the mocha and watermelon flavor.  The old man brought the pies out for us and served it to everyone! It was really nice of him to do that! He also did a fun water trick where he quickly grabbed the cup of water and spun it without spilling a drop of water! He did it so quickly that I was really surprised! :) Thank you for the entertainment! :)While we were having dinner, we were serenaded by people at the bar next door.  I didn't even know there was a bar connected to the restaurant until I heard the song, "Lean on Me," sung by a girl with a squeaky voice.  Fun entertainment for the night!Note: They only take reservations for groups of 7 or more!31 Yelps Review Challenge - 9/31
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,1/13/2013,183,197,12,18,11>TO THE POINT: Check them out, you won't be disappointed. It won't hurt to swing by...unless you end up getting one that day, then it might hurt just a tad :DTheir staff is friendly, down to earth people who understand the business they're in. They treat you the way you should be treated; with respect. Which is hard  to find these days in the "tattoo" business. I'm sure we all know of someone (or even ourselves for that matter) who has had a flaky artist who figured, just cause I do dope work I can treat you poorly, and  YOU can call ME because I'm just too busy to keep you posted. *shake head* My experience with them was so worth it that one of my friend's ended up getting a tattoo from them. Did I mention her roommate too? On to my long story....I was in the market for (another) tattoo; one that would honor my father and our love for the movies. I was told to go to a certain place in Chinatown, let's not mention any names....but perhaps it has to do with a certain colored feline, if you know what I mean? (that poorly rated review can also be found on Yelp).I went to "that" place after seeing reviews on Yelp and talking to a few people who had gotten work done from them. They all raved about their work. So I headed there...only to be super disappointed and sadden about my experience with them. Just because you're great at something doesn't mean you can be a flaky fu*k. Get over yourself. I'm just saying.Since I was back in the market for a new artist I ended up checking out a few places, and this just so happen to be one of them. I was greeted by Peggy; their piercer, as soon as I walked in. Her bubbly personality is what makes her such a doll.  I told her about my bad experience with "the other place" and she told me about customer service and how it makes all the difference these days. So true!After we spoke about my tattoo, and our personal connection with the movies, I ended up sending her some pictures via email for reference. Peggy and I corresponded via email; she even told me she's be out of the office for a few days, so not to worry. Upon her return she told me that one of the guys there would be perfect for the job. So I went in to see Doug.Doug is super chill & easy to talk to. We spoke about my design, colors, cost, etc, and he told me he'd come up with something by the end of the week and give me a call. Which he did! I went in to the place with this image in my head of what I thought it should look like, but when I actually saw the drawing it was WAY more awesome than I had imaged! I was actually a bit faklempt. He asked me if I wanted to tweak anything on it, but it was perfect from the get go (OK...I did ask to add another straw but that was all).I got the tattoo on my left rib cage. Yes, I know. The infamous rib-cage that people fear is all painful. Eh *shrug* O_o it has it's moments, but nothing too crazy in the pain department.  I was told to bring a book to read (though most people don't get very far I was told) or music to listen to while I was in the chair (in my case the table). Reading isn't my thing, and music would make me dance; not the best for sitting still. So I ask Doug to talk story with me; which he did. We talked about: movies, actors, relationships, The Bar, life lessons, etc. Stuff you'd talk to your friend about over drinks, instead mine involved an ink gun.Two sittings later, when it was all said and done, it is by far my favorite piece. I though it was awesome in sketch form, but it's way more kick ass with color! It meant a lot to me because of what it stood for. I wouldn't have settled for anything less (Right Doug? Never settle! ha ha) Every time I look at it, it makes me smile; inside and out. Not to mention, it makes people want to go to the movies, which is also a great compliment. Thanks so much Tattoo Hawaii! You are kick ass awesome. Doug - I feel I need to know what happens in that mini series you got me hooked on! Ooooo the drama! ha haSincerely,  Movie Theme Girl.PS:20 bucks deposit, if paid in cash50 bucks deposit, if paid on cardPPS: You have to wait 1 year after your tattoo in order to donate blood. Just a little bit of information for ya.PPSS: Thanks to Brooke calling me out on not having an image. Here you go: s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com…. Designed off of: yelp.com/biz_photos/16EK…. Seriously, how awesome is that!!!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,1/12/2013,185,168,4,14,9>The hubby has been craving Indian food, which can be quite expensive, so when he asked if I wanted to eat some for dinner last night I recommended Chutney, remembering that everyone commented how affordable their food was.We walked in at 8pm and that place was packed.  Not wanting to wait for a table we decided to just get take out.  We both knew that we wanted the garlic naan ($3.95) and the lamb biriyani ($12.95) and the hubby also wanted a curry so we got the chicken masala ($10.95).  Food took about 20-30 min but boy was it worth the wait!  For both the biriyani and the masala I had asked for it to be spicy and boy they did not disappoint.  At most restaurants I go to I noticed that when you tell them you want the dish to be spicy they still hold back, but Chutney did not.  It wasn't overly spicy so that I couldn't finish the dish but both of the dishes packed a bearable punch.The garlic naan was just wonderful.  Definitely garlicky and it was great to dip it in the masala.  The curry did have a tomato broth taste, but I didn't think it was overkill as one Yelper pointed out.  The best part about this dish was that the chicken was so tender!  The biriyani was also great.  The lamb was not gamey at all and it too was very tender.  I forgot to ask them not to put any fruit in it, but I did not mind it at all.  The hubby commented that he wished that there was more lamb in the biriyani but I told him that lamb is an expensive meat so at $12.95 I'd take that over a $20+ dish at some other Indian restaurants any day.  The only thing that I noticed is that all the pictures showed a salad and a papadum, but we did not get that in our takeout container.  Sad story, but that's ok, the food was still excellent!I can't wait to go back again for more.  This location has seen its share of eateries come and go, but I really hope this place is here to stay because it is a diamond in the rough!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,1/11/2013,230,197,4,14,11>I was walking up to the Remington College food court hoping to snag a pulled pork sammie from Soul but I saw the sign for Horero's Chicken and it got me excited.  A new place that's not: 1) Japanese bento, 2) Korean lunch plate, or 3) Filipino lunch plate?  Something different indeed!  I don't believe I've had Peruvian/Argentinian food before but I've had Cuban and Brazilian food and I expected it to be similar.  One thing that I have desired is Cuban garlic chicken with rice, black beans and fried bananas (plantains)(pollo con arroz), the kind you can find at a place called Versailles in the L.A. area.  Well, it wasn't the same but the roasted half-chicken here was similar and unique enough.  The half-chicken I ordered was cooked huli-huli style (rotisserie) with pinto beans and Spanish rice.  The rub on the chicken was salty, garlicky and slightly sour so no doubt it was marinated in lime or lemon sauce as well.  The garlic chicken at Versailles is just overwhelming in garlic and lemon sauce (I personally love that - it may be too much for some).  This one here is more understated and subtle, but it's fine that way and does not go over the top.  The Spanish rice and pinto beans were solid if not spectacular (not that it is supposed to be) but the star of the show was the Peruvian huli-huli chicken and it was quite good.  I may try the chicken tamales and empanadas (err starchy though -- have to cut back on that) next time as there are a few more interesting things on the menu.   It's nice to have some different flavor in the downtown food scene.  They've been open three months and I think they will need some time to develop a following.  The line wasn't long but there were people coming through consistently.  I'd like for places like these to have sustained success in downtown Honolulu, as the odds are against them.  Go try it out!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,1/10/2013,783,555,6,14,12>I am so lucky that Kathy makes her pies every Thursday in a kitchen right across the street from where I work in Iwilei. Cuz that means I get first dibs on fresh pot pies that are being baked for the afternoon's farmers market in Makiki. Yummmmm!I've tried the chicken, turkey, and bacon mac & cheese ones so far, and they are all so good. The bacon mac & cheese is definitely a hit! And I had the 2nd to the last one...yesssss! I recently just moved back from the mainland and I soooo miss the cute french cafe's that make delicious quiche. But not to worry anymore, because Kathy makes that too! They are the perfect consistency of egg and cheese with the freshest ingredients. Made with love. She always makes something different, and it's a nice surprise. And if you like sweet pies, there are many options too, such as banana cream, chocolate macadamia, and mango! For just $6-7, the individual pies are just right for lunch or even, dinner. The best is to buy more than one (sweet & savory) and share with others so you can try all the different kinds.Follow her on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram to know where she'll be at and what she'll be making that day. Or even better, just give her a ring! She's very personable, and her sons are great assistants too :)See ya next Thursday! And the next one after that, and the next one after that...!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,1/9/2013,438,680,3,15,11>31 Yelps Review Challenge: 27/31Wowoweee!  I have my wonderful bf and his recommendation of grabbing dinner at Kang Ho Dong Baekjeong-678 Hawaii to thank for turning a bad salon experience into a good evening.Located across from the Convention Center, parking a is bit of a challenge (so we walked from the mall).  Service here is impeccable.  From the moment that we entered, we were greeted and seated immediately.  The iced tea drink and banchan were delivered to our tables before we could even browse through the menu.  Since it was our first time here, we went with our server's recommendation of getting the 678 beef combo. $48.99 (2-3) for thinly sliced brisket, US Kobe boneless short rib (yummmm) and outside skirt along with an assortment of banchan (steamed egg, corn cheese), mushroom (which I'm guessing they ran out of because we didn't get), sweetpotato, onion, kimchi, plus your choice of stew (bean paste, kimchi, or seafood soft tofu).  My first choice was the seafood soft tofu, but they were out of it so the server suggested the bean past stew.For those who enjoy the Kbbq meats but not the bbqing part, this is the place for you because the servers actually stand there and grill each piece of meat for you!  No joke!  For the bf and I, it was just a bit weird, having someone stand there and cook as we ate.  So we actually asked them to let us cook for ourselves.I really enjoyed this dining experience and the only reason why I didn't go 5 stars is that they had this tendency to "run out" of things.  We had this great chilled tofu as part of our banchan, but when we asked for a refill, they were out of it.  It is a bit of a turn-off when a restaurant is out of seemingly staples things.  I guess this is a good sign for them as that means that food isn't really sitting idle for too long.A few things which struck me:(1) The retractable vent, which comes down much lower than normal vents, right over your grill, so that the fumes aren't going all over the place (although we did still smell like Kbbq when we left).  (2) The steamed egg, which is poured from a golden kettle...it looked like a sauce of some sorts initially, and I'm glad that they advised us that the egg concoction would eventually steam because I would have probably used it as a dipping sauce.  (3) The corn with cheese sounds weird but is actually quite a good combo.  I learned that I perfer kimchee warmed, whereas my bf enjoys it cold.(4) Napkins aren't automatically placed on your tables.  They hang from these bags and either you grab them or you have to ask a server to grab them for you.We had wanted to try the soju but I had left my ID at home.  Oh well, still a delicious dinner :)  Probably my favorite place now to grab Kbbq on Oahu!  I can see why this chain does well in Korea (they apparently have 300+ locations).And the good news?  I was able to bring home leftovers for our pup :p
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,1/8/2013,776,347,29,32,31>At first thought, I mistakenly confused Panda Cuisine as being connected to the fast food Panda... That automatically left doubts in my mind about this possibly being a traditional Chinese restaurant. Well, my doubts were soon quelled when we arrived at the restaurant. Upon entering the restaurant, there are a couple rows of tanks displaying the various types of seafood being offered for dinner. I saw dungeness crab, lobster, clams and sunfish. There is also a bar to your right for your alcoholic beverage cravings! Upon being seated, I immediately ordered a cold Heineken and a glass of water. A menu was given to us and also a separate one describing the house specials. My companion and I decided on the dungeness crab prepared spicy, the house special noodles which were Hong Kong type prepared cake noodle style, bok choy with oyster sauce and an unusual dish called crispy char siu. After they take your order, they bring you the crab, still moving in a bowl to see if you accept it. After you ok it, well, you know what happens... When it arrived prepared table side, I couldn't help but think that ten minutes earlier it was in it's cozy tank hanging with the rest of the crabs! The crab was good, but I am not one who has the patience, nor for that matter, the skill to eat a crab of that size. I guess I'm spoiled having one extra large Alaskan King Crab leg! As for the other dishes, the noodles were quite tasty and were prepared with an assortment of seafood such as, squid, white fish, baby octopus, and shrimp. The dish I particularly enjoyed was the crispy char siu. It actually looks like roast pork, but tastes like char siu. It is delicately crispy on top, not crunchy, just that light crispness. It was good! The service was good, but one thing weirded me out and that was the waiter. As soon as we were seated, this waiter just hung around, almost like a butler, waiting for you to give him his orders. I felt somewhat rushed and maybe I ordered without fully looking over the menu. I mean, he kept glancing over at us and I felt uncomfortable. Go figure... It got quite busy after awhile, mostly with Chinese customers, a great indicator of the quality of the food served. I mean, if it weren't good, would they still come to dine here? Me thinks not! Aside from the waiter, I feel this was a good choice to have a nice Chinese seafood style dinner. Try the crispy char siu, it was good!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,1/7/2013,731,1118,9,12,12>Now I know what you are thinking..."Isn't it cash only?" Yes, yes it is. However, before you immediately discount it on that basis, it is definitely worth the effort and the forgoing of frequent flyer miles. Mama Woo's dishes up some great plates and some fantastic sides that keep me coming back for more. The meats are well done and not over-seasoned like some and over-cooked like others. The kalbi was flavorful and tender, the chicken was moist and charred nicely, the beef juicy. The flavors you have come to expect of the Korean plate lunch truly shines at Mama Woo's. Now, they can't possibly have good side dishes with good entrees right? That would defy the law of Korean establishments where they are known for their meats but not their sides or they are known for their sides and their meats are lacking. Well the kim chee was nicely flavored but not too spicy, the potato salad flavorful of egg and mayo while not coming across as mushy, the shoyu potato heavenly and the fried eggplant out of this universe. Now, I wasn't expecting much when a friend ordered it, thinking it would be a mushy mess of cold batter loosely hanging on for dear life to the eggplant. Yet, it is the complete opposite, well except it was cold. Anyway, the garlic flavor pops and keeps you eating them like potato chips. Don't skip the fried eggplant...oh wait, skip it if you happen to see me in the line behind you....Service is quick and good, while being comfortable. Seating is available, yet you often find yourself leaving to take the grub home to the family and friends. Plates are served up rather quickly and the wait doesn't ever seem excessive. When it comes to plate lunches, it might be easy to keep going down King Street and hit up Gina's, but Mama Woo's is definitely not one to pass up!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,1/6/2013,478,366,7,10,11>Yelp 365 Challenge #160/365If you read my previous reviews of hair salon, I've been going to Joanne at Fantastic Sam's. However, she was expecting a baby and as soon as I knew about it...I became apprehensive because my hair style is a short hair style. And short hair styles can either make you or break you in appearance depending on the stylist regardless if you have a picture to give them an idea on how you want your hair. Another thing about hair stylists, there has to be a trust factor to where you can tell your stylist to have at it (your hair) and will have you walking out of there feeling pretty especially when people notice what great hair you have!Anyhoo, for the past few months as my hair was slowly growing out, I've been tweeting, yelping and FBing if anyone can recommend a good hair stylist who is great with short hair styles."Sheryl at Salon Blanc" from Lena Hanson via Yelp"Sheryl at Salon Blanc" from @Kylepuu via Twitter and Facebook"Sheryl at Salon Blanc" from @jlieu"Sheryl at Salon Blanc" from Leaklepees via InstagramFinal Decision: Call Salon Blanc and make an appointment with Sheryl in her next available slot. I gave them a call this past Saturday, which John answered and promptly scheduled me with Sheryl yesterday morning. For some odd reason, I don't know why I assumed their salon was located at Ala Moana Shopping Center BUT it is located in  the same building as PF Chang's. Few minutes after I checked in, Sheryl came out to introduce herself and walk me to her station. We discussed my current hair style (what I liked, disliked) and what type of cut I wanted from her, she also gave some suggestions which is exactly what I was looking for, and then she led me to get my hair washed.Can I just share that the scalp and neck massage alone is a five star? It wasn't those quick pedicure-type of massage that scrapes you and hurts you with you wishing "Isn't there a salon that gives good pedicure massages?!" BUT, we're not reviewing about pedicures-so let's trek back to my hair salon experience!After the shampooing and scalp/neck massage, she sat me down and before I knew it...when I looked down, there was alot of hair. She tamed down the "poofiness" and managed to make my hair looking so pretty with my highlights looking like it was re-touched!As she was trimming my hair, we talked about the benefits of social media like Twitter and Yelping because I shared with her that it was through Twitter, Facebook and Yelp that I got recommendations to see her. And you know what? Alongside her talent and mad hair styling skills, she is so down-to-earth and friendly. What made it more personable is because we're connected or know the same people that we both interact with on social media sites. From what I observed and experienced, Sheryl as well as the salon is so accommodating and takes the time to make sure that you are comfortable in the services they are providing. She also offers a complimentary trim midway through before my next major haircut, which she suggested that during this time before my trim appointment to take note of the style and jot down anything that I would like for her to trim/touch upon. I love it. Overview:Stylist: SherylSalon: Trendy and cleanStaff: Friendly and accomodatingServices: Check out their menu :) Prices: Worth itRecommend: YES
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,1/5/2013,297,159,10,16,12>Finally, a NEW place to eat in Ala Moana!   So, guess what just opened up in the Makai Marketplace Food Court in Ala Moana!? Grylt!! I just had lunch here today and was excited to have something new to eat since I work in the mall. Subway can hardly get my mouth watering and Panda Express is leaving me with something to be desired.    Today, I had the Herb Chicken Sandwich with Sun Dried Tomato Aioli! $6.95! Wow! My mouth was shocked by the flavors! I think it would have said if it could talk, "Holy S@#$! Get in my mouth hole Sandwich! I'm going to do things to you that 50 Shades of Grey Never even thought of!" And if you read the book those kids did A LOT!!!! LOL! The chicken was well seasoned and not at all bland like some chicken sandwiches can be. My fav was how there was little hints of coarse salt throughout the meat so every now and then you would get the POP of salt :D The baguette was soft and held all the sauce on the sandwich and soaked up the juices from the chicken! YUM! You can also add a side salad to your sandwich for only $1 more!!!! Crazy right!? And it is not that crappy salad either!  Spring Greens Baby! My Co worker also said that the Salmon Wrap was worth every penny too! I am so excited to eat here again tomorrow!*Here are other things that are cool*-The wait was not that long :D-They have Acai Bowls!!!!!!!!!-They have low carb options, if that is your thing ;)-The mashed califlower is not that bad for low carb-I feel healthy again!Go get yourself some Yeeps! :D
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,1/4/2013,1998,100,10,23,17>For the Spiderman (or Spiderwoman) in you!!!LOCATION: Next to 7-Eleven in Waipio, right at corner of Uke'e and Ka Uka Boulevard. Located in a big warehouse building, shared with a Gymnastics (What's Up Gymnastics) place. There is a pretty big sign "Gymnastics" on the building. You can't miss it. You will not see any sign from the road or any obvious sign even as you're entering the parking lot, that this place is located in the same building. Just know that it's in this building labeled gymnastics. Park any where you find parking. Parking is slim if the gymnastics business is open as well. The VRG is located to the right. BE PREPARED: Several things to prepare yourself, if you're planning to go there. First, make sure you check the hours. They have odd hours, especially during the weekdays. I think when we arrived on a weekday at around 1230 they were closed and opened at 2 p.m. We left and returned at 2. Second, bring your own socks. They provide the appropriate RC shoes (which are a little nasty, smelly, but I'm a clean freak, so maybe it's just me). If you don't bring your own socks, you'll be putting your bare feet in those shoes. Ewww. Third, bring a buddy with you. At least one other person. If not, you won't be able to try the belay climbing wall. It's not an auto-belay. You'll only be able to boulder or free climb if you go alone. Which is good, too. I love just going to free climb. Luckily, I was able to try the belay and it was FUN! Disclosure: I'm am deathly afraid of heights! Yes, really, I am. BUT, ironically, I love to rock climb. Weird. I know. PRICE: I think we paid $12 for an all day pass. We normally only stay for a few hours, which is more than enough rock climbing for one day. Don't you think? WHAT YOU GET: For an all day pass (you can leave and return if you wanted to), you get to boulder, or free climb on either one of their walls. There are several different "paths" laid out for climbers to choose from, and each path is labeled by level or skill. They have cool and funny names for each path. TIP: For a newbie, don't try to jump to the expert level paths until you've tried the easier ones. You will be humbled quickly. Lol. It's all in fun, though. If you go there with at least a buddy, you can try the belay ropes. It looks intimidating but it's actually not that bad. After a few times up I got the hang of it (Lol, you get it, I got the "hang of it!) and figured out the easiest path to reach the top. It's pretty scary at first because, first of all, you have to place your life into the hands of the person who is holding the rope below. Remember, it's not an auto belay system. Your life line is your buddy. If you lose your grip and let go of the wall, your buddy is your only hope! Lol. No, but in all seriousness, it's pretty safe. You get a crash course on how to hold the rope. There are also mats below.SUMMARY: We love going here. It's not like the mainland places, which are super huge facilities with an auto-belay system. It's a pretty small place (in a corner of warehouse), but it serves its purpose. When I'm feeling in the mood to climb some walls, it's nice know that we have one close to home. Actually, there really isn't too much on the island. Only a few if I'm not mistaken. So, having one five minutes away from home is super cool. The price is reasonable, too, so it keeps me coming back! Go check it out!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,1/3/2013,379,443,13,25,12>Seriously what would I do without Yelp? Probably pay for overpriced bad food and be disappointed with my meal but thank god for it because I discovered this little gem in Waikiki. I had just come back from a disappointing afternoon at the Korean Festival and although I wasn't really hungry was randomly craving some pizza. As I scrolled through the options all I saw were places that were overpriced and not that good. Wait...whats this? Agostino Trentacoste - 4.5 stars? As I read the reviews I was soon intrigued....Everyone said that if you came across his clay oven you HAD to stop and grab a slice....and it was as if the yelp gods wanted me to find him because sure enough as I was biking Kuhio I heard music blaring from a red clay oven with an Italian guy dancing in front of it..... I decided to walk around Waikiki in the hopes I would be a little hungrier the next time I passed Agostino. I came back in the perfect time, he was just beginning to cook pizzas and the line was beginning to form...Schweeet. For a slice and a free drink it was $5. The slice is definitely enough for one person. For a whole pie and 4 drinks its $20. This is a sweet deal seeing as the pizza places in Waiks are charging $6.50 for a slice and then $8 for a slice and a drink.... Theres no menu but as long as you give him an idea of what you like, he'll make it happen. He asked me if I liked meat on my pizza and I said yes so he threw a pizza together with salami, pepperoni, and sausage and mushrooms. The other yelpers weren't joking when they said he cooks the pizza in 99 seconds....Its crazy!  I got my slice to go but since the crust was peeking out of the foil I had to try some. Seriously was one of the best slices of pizza's I have had on the island....The crust was a little doughy but in a good way - if that makes sense....(just go and try it) The pizza was thin with a very basic tomato sauce. There was chunks of tomatoes in it and tasted authentic. Do yourself a favor and just go try out a slice, you won't be disappointed. Plus $5 for what you get is a killer deal. HOURS: Mon-Wed, Sunday: 6-12am Thursday - Kapolei Farmers MarketFriday/Saturday - 6-3am CASH ONLY!YELP 365: 189/365
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,1/2/2013,979,330,17,20,17>Since Pua P and I wandered here in search of sustenance before the I Love Chinatown Festival, I had wanted to actually come back to Chinese town just to try them out. (We only met with the manager, Dusty, who is a really cool guy..and remembers your name!) All of my friends raved about the food and told me repeatedly, "oh Thomasohhhh, you need to check this new place called Lucky Belly out!!" Well...I am the one that told YOU to check it out...aka BRING ME WITH YOU...but that's beside the point. lolAnyways..it took me gosh-darn near two damn weeks to get my butt over to the late night "glory hole" window to partake in $5 grinds such as the pork belly bao, chicken karaage sandwich, and kimchee fried rice. It's like late night happy hour! I brought my partner in crime Hideyo K so we could do some damage on all of these nocturnal treats. Smart move...$15 can buy you everything on the menu and it is the PERFECT amount of food for two. We arrived at 12:30ish without a line...everything was cooked up fresh and served up one at a time...we noshed them right on the bench and were happy campers. We were especially hungry so the kimchee fried rice filled us up right. It also had a soft boiled egg, which Hideyo was most excited about. I had trouble tasting the kimchee in it though...it could have used more gochujang and spice to really make me believe it was Korean inspired. My faves of the night were the pork belly bao (3) with hoisin and chicken karaage sandwich (1, halved) with dijion. Both offered two different textures, but were along the same lines as far as portable asian-inspired eats. The bao's soft, steamy buns are complimented with a slice of pork belly, pickles, sesame, and a drizzle of hoisin...they just make the world seem right again. The chicken karaage sandwich is just how Tim P describes it..comforting...clean...simple...and $5 fucking dollars. I'm just really excited that there is a magic window in chinatown that has great, cheap post-bar food.Yesterday, I went to lunch with Chuggy Bear before the CMYE Cheesecake popup. I had the bao again this time @ $7 for 3....Chuggy ordered the shrimp gyoza...it was good, but didn't wow us...$8 for three gyozas? fuck off. Sure, it had real shrimp in it, but...over priced. Now, for the goods....the Lucky Bowl...This...This is amazing. For $8, its their own twist on a tantan ramen with a rich and flavorful broth that is an explosion in your mouth...The noodles are perfectly textured and go perfectly with the veggies and soft boiled egg. I wouldn't be surprised if they made their own. Chuggy ordered the brisket tartine, which i had a bite of...very delicious! Needs more gochujang though!!! srsly. I also drank a hefeweisen...out of a wine glass like a tool..thanks Chug. I know I will be frequenting this place when school starts up again! Definitely making a lunch bunch UYE here! Sound like a plan?
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,1/1/2013,295,401,22,24,24>Shopping = hunger!I've been coming here for their fried noodles which is one of their highlights. Somehow or another, I always get sucked into picking up lunch for my colleagues and we pick Jurison's because of their bento selection.On my recent visit, we ordered Bento #2 which includes: teri beef, mochiko chicken, fried noodles (yum!), two scoops of rice, takuwan and kim chi. All of this for only $7.85! Yes! What a deal! I also ordered the Bento "Special" ($7.85) with fried mahi, fried chicken, Spam, fried noodles, two scoops of rice, takuwan and kim chi for the same price. Was it good? Yes! Did it clog up my arteries? Yes! Was I full? Heck Yeah! It's located in-between Party City and Genki Sushi in the Waikele Shopping Center and they accept ca$h and credit cards. Be sure to phone in you order to save some time. They also have a breakfast menu which I haven't tried yet.  With a casual seating, come here after you go shopping and fill up here!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,12/31/2012,87,129,8,12,11>As far as grilling a nice piece of meat over flaming Keawe wood goes, right now in my life..... Hy's Steak House has my vote as top dog, hands down! Don't get me wrong, it's not like I've been to a gazillion places for steaks, but I can honestly say  I've been to my share of rodeos, and for taste, quality of cut, cooking on open flame to the perfect doneness, ( and "THAT" my friends takes a whole lotta skill!) I'm all about this swanky dress-up place!   The service is always topnotch. What I especially appreciate, is when we get seated, I really, Really, REALLY like when my server asks " Would you like something to drink, a cocktail perhaps?" Maybe the rest of our evenings experience might slide downhill, but as for right now our waiter/bud is batting 1000! Got the cocktails in a timely fashion, which is great cause now we can chill-ax a bit, and enjoy some fine conversation, mull over the menu, while sipping my ever friendly libation. The four of us (wifey, sis, bil, and moi) got the Escargot to start, which was wonderful. We used the cheese toast to sop up the creamy left over goodness. Followed by the Caesar Salad done table-side. I've always appreciated the amount of work that goes into something that tastes that good! Sis, ordered the crab legs, which was quite an impressive amount of crustacean...... but at market price it had better be. Cooked just right, with all the trimmings, and even after sharing some with all of us, she still had some left to take home ( lucky her!) But for us.... it's all about the steak, two 14oz Delmonico, and one Fillet. According to "ART" our waiter/bud.... the chef in the pit's been perfecting his craft right there behind the widow for all to see, for going on fifteen years now.  I'll be honest; and truly say, that after the first bite of my Delmonico, if there is ANY steak house that cooks over flame, that's seasoned better, done more perfect than this, and with more uber fatty flavor...  then I haven't ate there yet! Let's be straight bout this... not broiled, fried, done on a flat top, or what have you? I mean over an open flame, to where the heat is adjusted by moving the coals around, and then to get it tasting this terrific takes some MEAN skills my friends... mean... skills! Then to top the evening off with a dessert of Bananas Foster, done table-side for our entertainment, things couldn't have gone better. Dining at Hy's, will be a bit pricey; but for it's swank ambiance, impeccable service, steak done perfect. I'd even iron my tee-shirt, put on my nicest board shorts, wear my going out rubbah slippahs, and it will be so totally worth it.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,12/30/2012,419,552,6,10,10>4.5 stars.Had a very pleasant dinning experience the other night.  Like returning home to your mother's cooking (if she was Irish).Had the Gaelic Steak covered in a delectable pepper sauce that was outrageous:  4.5 stars.  Simple, no fuss, no pretension.  The best steak I've had in a long while.Friend had the famous Corned Beef & Cabbage that was so lean and exploding with flavor, just perfect:  4.5 stars.Homemade pies were dwindling, but our superb waitress managed to finagle and set aside a blueberry version.  I could have kissed her on the lips when she brought it to our table topped with luscious homemade vanilla ice cream, oh boy!  Brilliant natural blueberry sweetness with a cinnamon crust, just dreamy:  4.5 stars!I always love coming here for some good 'ole comfort food at its best!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,12/29/2012,275,84,10,12,12>Bubble me!For those with a boba tea/slush addiction, yet another shop in the Keaaumoku area has opened up, peddling their bubble-filled wares. Bambu Desserts & Drinks is located next to Like Like Drive Inn, taking over the space that Poppy's Coffee & Espresso Bar once occupied. Accessible via both the Like Like parking lot and Rycroft Street, there's plenty of parking nearby to access Bambu. So, what to order? The menu is HUGE. You've got your standard milk teas, plain 'ol slush flavors like strawberry and honeydew ... but also the slightly unique flavors, like soursop, jackfruit and DURIAN. No joke. If it's slow (and it is for now), ask about the flavors you're not familiar with. I was tasked with getting an "interesting flavor" by Kyle H. and saw jackfruit. Hadn't had it before and didn't know what it tasted like, so I asked about it and was offered a small sample of the fruit! Turned out pretty delicious, so ended up getting the jackfruit smoothie with boba. Gaaaaaaaah ono.Not sure whether to get jelly or boba with your smoothie? GET BOTH. Lychee w/pandan jelly AND boba? No problem. Extra cost for that? No way. (At least, that was my experience.) So the damage? $3.93. For a 16oz smoothie w/boba & jelly. Convenient, myriad of flavors and low price? Go on, get your bubble on! (cash only, I think)#1/31
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,12/28/2012,125,57,55,21,20>It's 3am in the morning....Do you know where your wife is?I didn't and I freaked the hell out.  Before I laid my head to rest that night she was there.  I kissed her good night, told her I loved her, and shut my eyes.  For some reason I woke up at 3am in the morning to an empty bed.  I looked around the house called out her name.  Checked out our kids bedroom.  No Wife.  I called her cell phone to no answer.  I must have called over 10 times before sweat, panic, and thoughts began to race through my head.  I called her siblings and called her mom.  No one knew where she was.  As I was about to call the police there she came strolling through the door nonchalantly, with white stains on her shirt, and a pleased look on her face. Me:  "Where the hell were you?"My Wife:  "Out for a late night stroll."  Me:  "Why didn't you tell me?"My Wife: "You were asleep."My heart started to beat fast and anger began to fill my body as I looked at the stains on her clothes.  Me:  "I must have called a hundred times and you didn't pick up your phone."My Wife:  "Sorry, my phone was on silent."   Me:  "WHERE THE HELL WERE YOU 3AM IN THE MORNING?"My Wife:  "Calm, down I put a post it note on the door!"  I found a small puny post it note on the floor.  On it I read....Gone to Liliha Bakery.. Love you to Reese's pieces...Kim.  Keep in mind we live in Ewa Beach.Me: Still angry, "You left me with the kids to drive all the way to Liliha Bakery!"My Wife: "Yes, and I made it worth while.  I ate blueberry pancakes, scrumptious cream puffs, and steak."Me:  "Where is the receipt? You didn't get us anything?"  She hands me the receipt.  Relief succumbs my anger.  You see my wife is PREGNANT and loves food.  My Wife:  "Yeah, of course.  I got a box full of treats for all of you guys.  I forgot it in the car."  I know if I keep pushing it her pregnant hulk like abilities will come out and "I'm carrying your baby line," will soon slip out of her mouth.  So I wait for her return from the car and enjoy some of the treats she bought from Liliha Bakery.  Read my Wife's Review:  yelp.com/biz/liliha-bake…TIPS:*Liliha Bakery is mostly known for their cream puffs.-I like their tuna roll & the nuclear jelly on that toasted butter roll.*It's open 24 hours but closed on Monday24 hours a day from Tuesday 6 a.m. to Sunday 8 p.m.*If your in a rush they sell prepacked cream puffs in the fridge plus pancake and waffle batter.  *There's usually a wait at the bakery section remember to grab a ticket.  *If your not going to eat your cream puffs right away store them in the freezer and thaw them out.  Hopefully this will keep your pregnant wife to stay home if your fully stocked with the goods.  *Remember to call Liliha Bakery and ask if they saw a pregnant woman there to prevent you from calling the police and reporting her missing!  Yelp 31 reviews Catch-Up:  20/31 Pregnancy is the legitimate excuse for everything
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,12/27/2012,90,166,9,10,8>Sunset overlooking Koko Marina and live Hawaiian falsetto music, on a Wednesday??? Sometimes the world just works that way... You are that lucky bastard that just found $100 in your pocket and got seated next to a model on the plane to Vegas. Bluwater Grill is situated behind Hawaii Kai shopping center and has a surprising view of the Marina, a few mansions I'd like to own, and passing stand up paddlers. We were seated by a hostess on the lanai just as a Hawaiian duo were setting up their instruments.Unlike a few other reviewers, we hit the 7-7-7 jackpot with our meal. Everything was perfectly cooked and we had one of the best waitresses I've had in Hawaii (that's right, hold on to Sarah, she rocks!)Spiced calamari - Well, these were not exactly spicy - but they were very good! The portion or calamari was large and the lime wedges added a unique flavor that I would definitely try again. We both noted that these could use a little more spice, but extra lime did the trick for us! This went really great with the fresh squeezed lemonade I enjoyed.Curried crab cakes - These were the star of the show! Two large crab cakes that were mostly crab and very little filler, lightly spiced with curry, and served with a small side of greens dressed in a lime vinaigrette. At $14 for two cakes about 4 inches in diameter, I thought this dish had a great price to portion ratio and the flavors were spot on. Definitely order these!Lamb chops with balsamic reduction - Perfectly executed lamb chops! We planned to share the meal and our kick-a$$ waitress offered to split the plate and cook each portion to our liking. What??? Did I just hit jackpot AGAIN??? That's right. When our plates came out, both had 4 lamb chops each and my hubby's were rare and mine were medium. Approximately $30 for 8 lamb chops is also a great price. Lucky 7 strikes again. I really enjoyed the balsamic sauce with the lightly sauteed frisee - each bite of sweet potato, bitter frisee, acidic balsamic and umami lamb had balance and weight. My only complaint might be that the Okinawan sweet potato had some stringy end bits in it. Cinnamon mocha on ice to share for dessert - not too sweet, not to cinnamon-y, it was just right!Overall an excellent dinner for two - unexpectedly romantic and thoroughly enjoyable. The Hawaiian music was reminiscent of a time in Honolulu when old school Hawaiian music was the norm, not the rarity it is now. Our service was excellent and perfectly timed. So happy we live Hawaii!!!NOTE: This is not a cheap date, but the quality of the food and the portions seemed very appropriate. Nothing here is over-spiced. In fact, I'd say they are purposefully light-handed with the salt, which is not a bad thing!!! You can always add salt to your liking and it's healthier! The seats on the lanai are a little too loung-y for me, but I am short. I had to prop myself up on the edge of the seat just to eat. We also saw several families eating inside - and those tables have a nice view too!And the ducks... well, when two ducks continue to stare at you for an ENTIRE meal, just do what I did and toss some lamb chop and bread in front of another table. I used a left hook to arch up high, therefore assuring that neither the ducks nor the other couple knew where the morsel came from. Problem solved. Ducks think the other table is more generous, they appear sympathetic to domesticated mallards, I get to eat in peace.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,12/26/2012,186,203,7,16,13>This place is the hidden gem of Waikiki!  My friend and I had one of the worst food experiences downstairs at Odoriko one night, leaving me with food poisoning, but thank the Lord for Cha no ma, for saving our night and making it a memorable one (in a good way) because they serve what my friend and I have since referred to as the "magic nuts" and "magic tea"!Cha-no-ma is completely hidden on the very top (and desserted) floor of King's Village.  You would never find this place simply by just "stumbling" upon it.  I had read about the charcoal nuts and friendly owners here on yelp, and I was so curious about it that even with my rumbly tummy I just had to take a peek.  My intention was to just see where it was and ask them for the bathroom key since I was really suffering from my meal at Odoriko, but the owner's were so friendly and happen to ask if we had had dinner yet.  I of course told them that unfortunately yes I did, and my stomach was hurting from it.  When they heard that, they immediately sat us down and prepared a pot of Shan lin xi high mountain tea which is supposed to be great for "stomach difficulties" and food poisoning and told me to eat the charcoal nuts to help "flush me out".  The last thing I wanted to do at that moment was eat or drink anything, but it was the best thing to happen to us that evening because my friend and I walked away literally feeling golden and my stomach was completely better by the time I left (with a few trips to the bathroom in between, haha)! But besides my personal tummy troubles that night, this place is wonderful.  It is not fancy, it does not have matching furniture, their daughter's toys and books are set up in the corner of the tea house, but when you are there, you feel like you are a guest in  their home and you walk away just feeling good.  They have a long list of HIGH QUALITY teas, with each of them good for a variety of ailments, or palate preferences.  The way they serve the tea here is also an experience in itself.  It's served in a very tiny pot that they are constantly refilling for you so that each sip of tea is truly fresh.  The charcoal nuts really are something.  It's not what I expected at all and had such a pleasant flavor.  The nuts and the tea were truly harmonious and complemented each other perfectly.  The desserts that they serve here look absolutely amazing, and though I wasn't able to try them this go around, I will definitely be back soon with a well tummy ready to dig in!  If you like family owned, hole in the wall places that offer you a unique dining experience, you really must check this place out!  Or if you dine at Odoriko and get food poisoning, then you know where to go to fix you up fast ;o) Let's hope the latter doesn't happen though. Regardless, I hope you fall in love with Cha-no-ma like I have!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,12/25/2012,298,227,9,15,11>Yelp buddy Val Y and I decided to have lunch again. This time it was time to EAT. The deal is this, EAT is a front for a catering company. Since they have to have a kitchen anyway they use their facilities to sell to the public also. Located in the Honolulu Design Center on Nimitz between K-Mart and City Mill. I had been in there before to Piano Planet and the Indich Carpet store. It is pretty dead in this design center area otherwise. I was looking around at the few shops and spotted an artistic light fixture that I think was made by a friend of mine. I didn't want get too close to the Piano store because I was afraid the guy might spot me. I know he has no one to talk to. But, a lot of people are coming in for lunch at EAT. EAT may be the best thing that has happened to this building.They have burgers, panini's, sandwiches and a few specials, plate lunches and pasta. yelp.com/biz_photos/FsPU…Me: Grilled veggie panini. yelp.com/biz_photos/FsPU…  Warm and lots of flavors. Very nice sandwich. I will happily eat here again.Take out for daughter: Cheese panini with bacon added please. " Yes, sir,  cheese with tomato"  "Oh, that's with bacon please"..."OK then cheese with tomato"..."uh, Cheese with bacon?"..."Yes that 's right sir cheese with tomato" The lady was nice and smiling at me. Sometimes people just don't click. I Love it!  I gave up.  Daughter liked it anyway. I told her I tried to get it with bacon. As Val and I were sitting there talking people just kept coming in for lunch. There really were quite a few customers. You sit "outside" inside their mall like covered enclosed area. (yelp.com/biz_photos/FsPU…) Better than sitting indoors. I liked it.They have a private room that seats up to 14. (yelp.com/biz_photos/FsPU…)  Looks like they have private chef services plus sort of "Pop-Up" events for a prix fix price. Easy parking in the large lot out front. Great alternative for lunch with a client. Casual and private enough to be relaxed and get business done.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,12/24/2012,605,309,7,9,11>I love beer on tap. I love the rich flavors of beer on tap. I spent a year in London and also have traveled to many cities in Europe and explored and tasted many different types of beers. Beer is a huge deal in Europe and children as young as 15 start drinking beers with their parents (in Gemany)... and not just any beer, awesome beer. And if you don't already know, Germany has some of the best beers in the world. At P&J, here was where I was able to find a variety of beers on tap. Most of which I've never seen at any other bars in Hawaii and most I've never seen period! They also have bottled beers and I guess that's cool too but beer on tap is where it's at! Most of the beers are seasonal, which is awesome because then I know there's more coming. I know everyone says that the food is amazing here. Well, it is. But I rather just come here to drink. The food is very delicious and very creative, props to the chefs, but I'll have to admit that the portions are just too small for my stomach. In order to fill me up, I'd have to drink a few beers and possibly eat about $200 worth of food here =(I have yet to sit at the bar and try the awesome cocktails, which Dave (co-owner), sometimes concocts on the spot himself, but I think I can wait. The beer list is enough to keep me busy. This is definitely where beer connoisseurs can gather and talk talk talk instead of just getting drunk on cheap Budweiser (American bottled beer). =\
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,12/23/2012,123,234,16,11,11>After reading all the rave reviews, had to take my wife here during lunch. Whenever you see a cop chowing down in front of a place, you know it's good.Walk in and the place is smokey and hot! There is only one table inside for the person who can endure it. It's like some kinda culinary Bikram's class in here. 2 pork bowls please. They have a mini size, but we opted for the regular.These ladies straight up Japanese. Soo friendery!We found a nice spot on the steps outside. It seems the most natural place to sit here. After about 15 minutes are order is ready.Remember that bacon, eggs and rice you had for breakfast? Imagine it in lunch form. Only way better. Imagine a whole slab of bacon you can eat in one bite and it melts in your mouth like some kind of bacon ice cream. The egg deserves it's own paragraph. My wife is a serious student of culinary technique. She still can't figure out how they can soft boil, panko crust, and deep fry an egg to maintain it's soft boiled consistency. It's like they have NASA in their kitchen. This egg dissolves over the melty pork and rice to create a richness you can't believe. This dish would win both Iron Chef America and Top Chef at the same time. It would even win American Idol!Holy Sh_#, this place has SHAVE ICE.Not just any old shave ice, the kind with the lathe like at Matsumotos and Shimazu's. We got the lilikoi and green tea inspired by Crush Your Head's review.Winner Winner Pork Lunch (and skip Dinner)
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,12/22/2012,81,87,12,15,12>I made the mistake of never coming to Sala Thai in all the years I had an office just a few blocks away.  Friends who lived and worked downtown all told me how great the food was, but every time I thought of walking into Sala Thai I chickened out.  "Great Food!  Best Thai Food in Hawaii!" was usually followed by something about Thai Hostess girls sitting next to you trying to get you to buy them drinks when you eat there.No.  Thank you for the gesture.  But really.  Um.  No.  Please.Please...?  I just want to eat...I always imagined, in my weird INFP vignette world, that the day I finally decided to walk in there, I'd open the door to find colorful disco lights spinning around in a dark room with stages and poles, a half-dozen scantily dressed Thai girls all looking up at the door at the same time, tossing their hair or dragging their finger across their red lips provocatively at the new fresh meat that just entered shark infested waters (that would be me).  Something like Andrea True Connection's "More more more" would be playing suggestively, and the place would smell like a mix of really great Thai food and that weird sour smell you smell when you walk into the back of a strip club.When I **actually** walked into Sala Thai (yes, in real life), it was NOTHING like what I imagined at all.Instead, while it still looked like a bar, it looked like pretty much any other dive bar I've ever been to.  Dart boards.  Booths.  Bar with stools.  TV.  Kind of dim.  Quiet, except for some Thai music playing softly in the background.  A distinct lack of Thai Hostesses.  Sunlight streaming in through the window shades.  And two booths, side-by-side, with Russ M., Jon A., Lori I. and family, and Dale looking up and waving at me, welcoming me to come eat with them.  Some of the best Spring Rolls I've ever had were already on the table, and after one bite of those I forgot completely that I was inside a place that until just 5 minutes earlier, I had been terrified of.***********Here's what you need to know about Sala Thai:FOOD:Amazing.  I have several benchmark dishes, among which I tried two here.  The Green Curry and Pad Thai were probably the best I've had outside of Thailand, period.  The Evil Jungle was delicious too, for the first 2 seconds after putting into my mouth, but before my head exploded from the spice.  I think Russ was trying to kill us.  Word of warning here:  I like spicy.  But "spicy" here does not mean what most people think it means.  Spicy here should have a skull and crossbones on it.  But like many things that can kill you, sometimes you just can't stop.  If you understand the harmony of pleasure and pain, you will probably like this kind of spicy deliciousness, at least until you fall over dead... but happy.Spoon food into mouth.  Have mind blowing multiple food orgasms.  Wait two seconds.  Go into convulsions from the Thai Chili you just swallowed.  Drink a full cup of water.  Wipe sweat with napkins.  Sit back and mouth "Oh dear God, no more..."  Then repeat all over again.Also, rice comes with the meal, unlike many other places.  I like this.PARKING:Minimal.  A few stalls in back of the building you can check, but otherwise good luck parking on the street.  Metered street parking immediately outside.  You can usually slide up easily to pick up take-out.  Avoid the prostitutes if possible.ORDERING/ SEATING:Full Service.  8 booths seating 4, bar seating for about another 8.  Lead time about 15 minutes.SERVICE:Surprisingly (yet not surprisingly) excellent.  Hostess-related establishments need at least one of two components:  1) Attractive girls  2) Great service.  While I haven't seen the girls at Sala Thai, our service was top-notch.  Water constantly full, mostly because I was choking/ gasping/ turning red from the spiciness.  Napkins brought to the table in stacks, mostly again because aforementioned water was turning into instant sweat.  Table cleared and cleaned quickly the whole time.  Service speaks English fine, very friendly, attentive and quick.  Does not ask you to buy drinkie (at lunchtime at least).ATMOSPHERE:See above.  Also, if you're going to take photos, the light is very low.  Meters at about 1/20 at f/4 at ISO6400.  Bring the 1.8 or an IS/ VR lens.  Also, the colored lights put weird colored highlights on the food.  Try to shoot near the window where there's more natural light (I couldn't).  COST/ VALUE:Incredible.  Our literal feast cost us only $12 each after tax and tip.  This is probably not only the tastiest Thai Food I've had in Hawaii, but also one of the cheapest as well.  VERDICT:  5/5  -- I've found my new #1 Thai restaurant in Hawaii.  Delicious, cheap, conveniently located.  I think I'll still take-out though, unless someone wants to UYE here again.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,12/21/2012,230,143,16,23,21>ANNYEONG-HASEYO??!!  (HELLO??!! in Korean)  Where have you been??!! Hiding under a huge tree in Keeaumoku?  Literally that's where it was.  Yakiniku outdoors! Yay, I don't smell smokey! (still garlicky though ;p)  This is the best Korean Yakiniku I've been to so far!  Even good for kids! Enough room for a stroller! Yayer!  Also a great place for the lazy yakiniku cookers (like me) because they cut up the meat for you &  place the meat on their nice,sturdy grill. ORDERED1) Yogurt Soju - Smooth and silky!  It quenched this thirsty B#$TCH!yelp.com/biz_photos/yaki…2) Combo A $49.95 which includes:Pork Belly or Herb Wine Pork (chose the Herb, didn't need much dipping sauce), Beef Brisket, Beef Tongue, Kim Chee soup, 2 Large, Fresh Mandoo (or you can get Korean Natto), Lettuce Wraps, Spicy Salad, and Korean Veggies. - This plethora of tasty BBQ & spicy food filled and pleased my tummy to the brimm..good for 2-3 peeps....Kanak Attack!ENVIRONMENTLocated on Keeaumoku in the International Village, in back of Fatboy's.  Choice of inside & outside seating under the tree.  Casual.  Private lot for parking. TIPNo rice is included in Combo.  I think you have to get it as a side order. ( I don't know, I was on a low carb diet that day). Great for a low carb diet.  Open M-Th till 2am and Fri-Sat till 5 am for the night owls.CONCLUSIONThis will be my go-to Korean Yakiniku place from now on!!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,12/20/2012,201,134,11,23,16>Sweet n Spice and everything nice. That is the kind of experience I had here.  My wife and I are crustacean fans as some of you may have noticed. So it was not a question as whether or not to try this place.  I have to let you know that this place is different from their competition. The first difference is how theFOOD is served. You're probably used to your seafood coming in a bag right? Well this establishment serves theirs in bowls.  It will seem at first like your getting a lesser amount of food but to me it's just an illusion. I found it to be less messy. I also still left feeling stuffed. Second, they have half orders.  Why is it good to have half orders? Well, it's because you are able to try a variety of different sauces. Which leads me to my third difference... they have a lot of different SAUCES! All the actual shellfish tasted standard to me so I'll just talk about the sauces instead. We tried the:Tropical Habenero - Don't let the name fool you. It's not that hot. But however, it has loads of flavor. The main flavor is pineapple.  We had the SHRIMP with this sauce. Level Heat was spicy. yelp.com/biz_photos/_LAB…Karai House Sauce -  This is your standard garlic butter sauce mixed with Cajun sauce. We had the CRAWFISH with this sauce. Level Heat was Spicy. yelp.com/biz_photos/_LAB…Lemon Pepper - This sauce was very good but I hope you like your sauce salty because that is what this sauce was...salty.  Level Heat was medium. We had the No Mess Shrimp (Pre Peeled) with this yelp.com/biz_photos/_LAB…They also have but didn't get to try was court bouillon (a more brothy type sauce) and they also have house special sauces not on the menu. Today's special sauce was lemon grass. I saved the best difference for last. The SPICE LEVELS. You have Mild, Medium (Cayenne Pepper) Still pretty spicy. Spicy (Habanero  Pepper) "Now we are sweatin' " and *Drum Roll* Ghost Chili (Bhut Jolokia) I actually tried it as a sample and it wasn't as bad as I was expecting.We also tried some side dishes. I highly recommend the Bacon Jalapeno Cornbread topped with honey butter. It was amazing. Spicy, salty and sweet all rolled into one. yelp.com/biz_photos/_LAB…The ENVIRONMENT here was a little small. They have about six tables of 4. I think they are the same owners as Willows because they are located right next to them. In fact, they share the same kitchen, same parking lot, and the bill says willows on it (No Joke). The SERVICE was excellent! However! Please keep in mind that this place is new and it was empty when we went there. So if you go at a busy time then it will be their true test as to how they will be able to handle the HEAT (Pun Intended) .  They also let us try some dishes that the cook was testing out. Lucky to be the guinea pigs.The PRICE is competitive with the other crustacean places here. Is this the best shellfish place ever? NO am I going to give this place 5 stars for now because I had a great experience? YES Also because they actually thought out of the box and decided to be unique. I just hope they can maintain if and when they start to get busy.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,12/19/2012,207,115,7,14,14>Late to the party as always, it takes a lot for me to venture out and try new things. Im accustom to finding places I love and ordering the same thing over and over again. Honolulu Burger is going to be one of those places on my highly selective but short lists of places to eat. For my taste, burger wise this place cant be beat. Ive been here twice in two weeks, the first time I ordered the Blue Hawaii Burger and loved it so much I ordered it again on my second visit. The Blue Hawaii Burger comes with blue cheese, caramelized onions and bacon.I ordered it medium rare w/cheddar to go along with the blue cheese, small fries and a diet coke. I love cheese on my burger, the sharper and more potent it is the better and it went perfectly great with the medium rare pink on the inside 1/3 pound of grass fed beef.  Caramelized onions were cooked perfectly, bacon was crispy, lettuce and onions were bright and crisp. All these beautifully cared for ingredients combined creates one hell of a delicious burger.On both my visits, the last one being saturday 5/5/2012 service was spectacular. The girl ringing me up was very helpful and her knowledge of the menu was impressive. I noticed she greeted everyone that walked in and her great attitude didnt stop the entire time I was there. There is something about the combination of  a great burger, bacon, cheese, lettuce, onions and fries that stands alone and with Honolulu Burger Co. Ive gotten exactly what I would consider great food combined with great service.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,12/18/2012,779,223,18,20,18>Mario and Luigi would be proud. Food here is good enough to save The Princess.I attended an open call by @nonstopmari (or sometimes @nonatopmari) and nine other starving foodies.  Little did I know that we were in for a real treat at this wildly popular young eatery tucked in the Imperial Plaza.  I've seen a ton of rave reviews in the short time, a sign that quality control, consistency, and overall value is ever-present.  Restaurants are often plagued by growing pains but the small dining room limits the opening frenzy.  Not here.Amazed at the tiny space and seemingly three-man-operation, we are greeted warmly in an earthy dining room with fantastic lighting for picture taking.Complimentary bread and oil/vinegaryelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Off menu homemade sausage, shrimp, and tomatoes.  Meaty, bold, savory.  Take your bread, soak up that beautiful liquid, layer the sausage, shrimp and tomatoes, eat.yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Antipastiyelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Porcini mushroom, fresh mozzarella, truffle oil crostini- incredibly fragrant.yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Carbonara roman style, lighter, finished with wine rather than heavy cream, I could finish this bowl off, but that would be incredibly rude.yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Trenette norcina- homemade sausage, mushrooms, romano cheese, bold flavor, good kick, spicy.  Northern Italian.  Manly.  Probably my favorite food dish of the night.yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Bolognese, creamy and rich, definitely a must order.  Very well executed, lots of finesse here.yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Ravioli Neri Zafferano- this dish gets tons of rave reviews.  Did not fall short.  Very delicate, lobster, squid ink pasta, intriguing and memorable.yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Seafood risotto, whole shrimp, fish, shellfish, bright, fragrant, exciting.  Well-cooked and craveable.yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Osso bucco, hot off the press, they were "out" when we arrived, a new batch finished half way through our meal, SCORE.yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Lamb lollipops, @nonstopmari accosted me for using a fork.  Hands were needed.  Bite, dunk, repeat. (lick fingers when no one is looking)yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…@melissa808 admiring the creme brulee cheesecake.  First bite, surprising!  Exactly what you'd expect combining the two!yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Ok, here is where my mind is parked.  Has been since the meal.  I may just take this picture, blow it up, frame it, hang on wall over the wallpaper I would make with this picture.  Seeing has to make even Donald Trump, the coldest person in the world warm and fuzzy in the special place.  Heaven's clouds are made of these. This is the 1UP dish, the gold star, the raccoon outfit, power up mushroom. yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…UnleadedUnleaded PlusPremiumGrappaHigh octane.yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Chef Don is super friendly and constantly ran food from the kitchen out to us!  Fantastic service for a place so small!yelp.com/biz_photos/XjeM…Kudos for making all that pasta fresh in house!  You could hear them cranking it out during the service.  Food came out piping hot!  From pan to table in less than 30 seconds.  The only way it would be faster is if we pulled a chair up to the stove.The princess would be pleased, and incredibly full.  Bravo!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,12/17/2012,559,209,31,25,30>--I am not a CRY Baby!--  But I cry over cupcakes : .......(After a failed attempt at Zumba, my sister and I decided to get some morning grub.  As we walked along Kalakua Avenue there it was, a cupcake sign with an arrow, on it said Hokulani.  My eyes bulged out and I screamed for joy.  "You seriously want cupcakes this early in the morning?" my sister said as she rolled her eyes.  "Well after our breakfast we are  definitely heading here to get my cupcake on...I must appease my sweet tooth," I replied enthusiastically. After breakfast I bought myself a whole box full. "Are you seriously going to eat all that?" my lil sister asked.  "I cant believe your questioning my eating abilities.  My sweet tooth has no cut off limits!" I replied back.I picked up my kids from my dad.  When we returned home I asked my oldest son to help me with my cupcakes as I grabbed my youngest out of the car.  My oldest decides the safest place for my precious cupcakes is on the floor.   EPISODE 1 let the water works beginMy husband arrives home and accidentally kicks the cupcakes.  I yell at him, "How could you!" "What?" he yells back.  "You ruined my cupcakes," I whined.  "Who leaves cupcakes on the ground?" he huffs out.  He opens the box. They are all disheveled, toppled over, and mangled.  "I dished out over $20 for those," I moaned.  "They will go down the same way," he urged.  "You ruined the experience." I tell him. He slightly shakes the box and I begin to tear up.  "Are you crying over cupcakes?" he questions me.  "No, I'm crying over your insensitivity....just leave me alone." I snapped back.  Crying Episode 2 the river continues My husband catches me wallowing in my own misery as I attempt to eat my cupcakes.  "See, it still tastes good , right?" he says as he rubs my back.  Tears start to well up in  my eyes.  "You didn't even say sorry,"  I say to him as the  tears start to trickle down my face.  "Is there something else I'm missing here?  Did I do something else before, you bottled it up, and your falling to pieces now?"  he asks in bewilderment.  "No, you ruined my cupcakes, you didn't say sorry, after all this time together you know how much I love sweets!"  I barely got the words out.  He just stares at me with a lost of words.  "Just leave me alone,"  I scream back at him.Crying Episode 3  My husband tries to cuddle with me and gives a more sincere apology.  I turn away and move to the edge of the bed.  "I don't want to right now," I tell him and cry myself to sleep.  MORNING----The realizationAs I awoke to puffy eyes.  I thought to myself....What is wrong with you Kim?  Why are you Ms. Sensitive over cupcakes?  Oh my gosh.  I grab the life stick, as soon as my pee paces that window, there it is to affirm my crying spell PREGNANT.I text my husband and apologize.  I text a lengthy text stating he is a wonderful husband, how I love him, and it was all me (Yeah, I couldn't apologize over the phone).  He texts me back and forgives me.  Then I text him I was crying over cupcakes because we have a cupcake of our own growing in my belly!  He didn't get it at first but when I messaged him the photo with the life stick, he called me right away.  HOKULANI FAVORITES:  1)  I first fell head over heals over RED VELVET from Hokulani.  They are also my first taste of gourmet cupcakes.  I actually got to try them out at the Great Aloha Run expo.  I know serving up cupcakes at the Great Aloha Run Expo?  This may be why..... Did you know that their cupcakes are-zero margarine-zero hydrogenated oil-zero trans fat-zero corn syrupThey only use pure Grade A sweet cream butter, cane sugar, and FRESH, L-O-C-A-L Ka Lei Brand eggs!  See I didn't waste my tears over an ol'e cupcakes, I sobbed over HOKULANI cupcakes.2.  Strawberry Guava Cupcakes w/Cream Cheese Frosting*   I just adore cupcakes with cream cheese frosting.  The red velvet has cream cheese as well.3.  Lilikoi Cupcake w/lemon Cheese FrostingI got all the above cupcakes that day and the seasonal cupcakes.  Pictures of my precious cupcakes:yelp.com/biz_photos/_qIj…If I have the chance to hit up the bakery I always try at least one seasonal cupcake.  I'm usually never disappointed and await for that specific season for that specific cupcakes.  If you look on the site it'll tell you what they will have out.  hokulanibakeshop.com/Cup…LocationThis location is quite small and it's located in the Hyatt Hotel. But they had a good assortment of their regular cupcakes, a handful of seasonal cupcakes, and those cute decorated cookies.  They also carried a few items that had their logo on it.Though there are handful of cupcake bakeries popping up all over the island.  Hokulani is still among my top to satisfy my cupcake cravings.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,12/16/2012,544,212,9,13,13>Top Notch Sushi Experience!Friends of mine are regulars at Morio's and have converted me into a regular.  Let me preface by saying if you do not have a reservation, you may SOL ($h!T Out of Luck) my friends. We love booking the sushi bar 8:30 seating because you get to watch Morio work his magic.  A master of the knife, superior speed, flawless cuts, and a personality that is unmatched.Good:(+) Morio and his amazing personality to go along with his amazing sushi skills.(+) BYOB: Oh yes, this is why we book the late seating.. The Kitchen officially closes at 10 pm and that's when the real fun begins.(+) Service: Morio's staff is friendly, attentive but not intrusive, and they have personalities that mirror their boss.(+) Prices: The quality for what you pay is unmatched anywhere!  Mediocre:(/) Small restaurant: If you are looking for a romantic sushi setting, this may not be the place for you.  Think of the place like "cheers" where everyone knows your name.. (/) Reservations: They may be tough to get on short notice.. You really have to plan ahead. Everyone LOVES MorioBad:(-) Next Day Hangover: Yeah let's face it, when you come here with sake offerings for Morio, you better prepare to throw back a few.. I swear by Morio and his amazing Sushi.  If you have not tried his bistro I highly recommend you do so.  He is friendly and accommodating, at our last visit one of our friends was vegetarian and he politely made her special rolls and tempura!  You cannot miss out on this spot!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,12/15/2012,3140,188,21,18,19>(J) apanese tourist haven't found out about this place yet..WHEW(U) nder the radar place which i like(S) traight up delicious malasadas(T) ry the chiffon cakes too(A) mple parking(S) o hot and always crunchy(G) o eat one malasada and you be the judge(O) pen everday except Mondays(O) range flavored Chiffon Cake...YUM(D) on't eat malasada's and text while driving(A) t last Leonard's has some competition(S) ervice is fast and efficient(L) eonards malasada's are a little more expensive(E) xcellent crunch and texture(O) nly a handful of people know about this place(N) ever had a bad malasada here(A) lways consistently good and delicious(R) amfis's stomach looks like a malasada(D) on't expect long lines here like Leonard's(S) alivating for some champion malasada's now( I ) don't understand how this place is overlooked(F) or all of you yelpers, give this place a try(N) ice chinese lady always talks to me in chinese and i just smile(O) rder by phone for fast service(T) he Lemon Chiffon Cake is delightful as well(B) uy these malasada's for the cooks at work and they LOVE IT(E) ven my guests from Japan were surprised how good they were(T) here is always gonna be a debate who has the BEST Malasada(T) o say one is better than the other is justifiable(E) ach malasada from both places are totally different if you ask me(R) egardless, i think Champion Malasada's are downright delicious!!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,12/14/2012,446,222,6,21,19>I see a lot of mixed reviews about this place on here but me personally would give this place a solid 4-stars.  The popularity of this place really sky-rocketed with their feature on the Food Network's Diners, Drive Inn's and Dives.  The eatery has a neat ambiance; as if you're in a rural setting surrounded by horses, herb gardens, chickens crossing the road and the smell of a BBQ.  Oh wait....you areThe menu is perfect, not too many choices and not too little.  They have an excellent variety including those who are health conscious or vegetarians.  After a day of hiking I hit this place along with some friends.  We had a bunch of things which we all shared. The Kalo Beef stew was excellent.  A robust flavor with the Kalo tender and soft like the potatoes you're use to in beef stew.  The texture was that of something being cooked for hours with all the flavors harmoniously blending together.The veggie meatloaf burger.  To be honest I'm not a big veggie anything fan. Don't get me wrong, I love vegetables, but not when they are used as a substitute for meat products.  But I'll make an exception for this place.  The veggie meatloaf burger actually tasted like meat!  The texture was also something sensory pleasing, very similar to real meatloaf.I had the BBQ pulled pork which is basically the Kalua Pig with BBQ sauce. I think of the 3, this may have been the weakest dish.  The flavor was good but nothing extraordinary that you're not use to in Kalua Pig dishes.  Probably a little more dry and less smokey flavor then most that you're use to.  I felt the BBQ sauce struggled between being the honey and the spicy variety.  Overall still worth the meal to chow down.  The sides were also excellent on our dishes.  The sweet potato mash w/ the mango chutney....forget about it! Awesome stuff.  The cornbread was moist and something I would eat for breakfast every day!  Their greens are organic and the dressing was a light lemony vinaigrette which I also enjoyed.  Plan a day at the beach and make sure to stop by this place after!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,12/13/2012,263,224,49,19,24>I LIKE CAFE DUCK BUTT (In the tune of I LIKE BIG BUTTS by Sir Mix A Lot)I like Cafe Duck Butt and I can not lieAll  you locals can't denyThat the good food you eat is going to your waistAnd you can't stop feeding your faceYou get sprungWanna pull up toughCuz you noticed you are stuffedStay away from my food I ain't sharingI know you want some, stop staringOh, Korean taco I wanna eat ya And take your pictureMy homeboys tried to warn meBut that food they  gotMake Me so hungry Ooh, Fire chicken skinDrinking Soju with my friendsWell feed me feed me I ain't your average groupySing some Karaoke and start dancin' Hardly any parking but I'm chancinFood is Spcy! I'm grinding but in deep sweatI'm tired of of the same old sceneThis place has food and place to  singTake the average local and ask um thatGood hang out and I'm coming  backSo Fellas (yeah) Ladies (yeah)Are you going to Cafe Duck Butt (hell yeah)Well make it, make it, make it, make it, make it down to Cafe Duck buttBaby I'm coming  back
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,12/11/2012,390,471,22,35,31>La Mer is the quintessential Hawaii restaurant; the best in Hawaii.Perched in the second floor of the original Halekulani estate, the open air La Mer exudes timeless elegance with its warm Hawaiian hardwoods, intricate inlaid panels and carvings and the most breathtaking, unobstructed  ocean front view of the Waikiki skyline and Diamond Head.The food is contemporary French.  It draws on the freshest and highest quality, locally sourced ingredients, mixes them with the best from around the world, and prepares them in a classic French style.  This is NOT the ridiculous Hawaii Regional Cuisine (Big Island beef stuffed with a Chinese style moi topped with kim chee and set atop a bed of Okinawan purple potatoes finished in Thai coconut curry; sorry pet peeve rearing its ugly head), it is French.An example of near perfection, the millefeuille of truffles and scallops with a periguex sauce.  Exquisite!  A truffle explosion.  Earthy truffles and sweet scallops top by shaved truffles in a hedonistic medira and truffle sauce.  Fresh herbs provide balance to the umame explosion!The house smoked salmon lightly glazed by a sweet leek pure with poached quail eggs, uni, and a zesty lemon infused oil is delicious.  Texturally, one dimensional but, oh the flavors!  Sweet bitterness of the smoke, rich and briny oceanic flavors, creamy egg yolk and a refreshing acidic zing.Need more convincing?  How about an outstanding butter poached lobster tail served in a light saffron lobster consume dressed with classic cannelloni beans.  Perfectly cooked lobster all the way to its buttery core and balanced perfectly with the almost neutral beans and consume.Deserts are to die for with their beautiful presentation and light and fresh flavors.  Keep in mind, the course is large.Reasonable prices. Three and four course menus sub $150.  Do not be put off by the supplemental up charges for some of the more luxurious dishes.  They are worth it.Outstanding wine list with a good selection from France.  Hawaii resort pricing.Service is perfect.  Warm and unpretentious, delivered by career professionals.Be sure to let them know about special celebrations at the time you make reservations.  Request a window table.Note: Women rejoice, you can stay cool throughout your meal.  Men, jackets and / or long sleeve shirts required.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,12/10/2012,138,110,4,7,4>Crab places seem to be popping up all over the place these days but what seems to differentiate them from each other is the SAUCE!I've been to Kickin Kajun and Hot and Juicy (in Vegas) and let me tell you, Crab City has the best sauce that I've tasted so far. I had the clams from here and the calamari and fries basket. I always get a garlic butter sauce with medium to hot spiciness wherever I go. The garlic butter sauce here is very rich and flavorful versus red and oily like the other places. Prices are comparable to the other places because the seafood is priced at market price.The interior of the place is very spacious and nice! It's very clean, they change and clean all the tables after each table is done, everything is decorated with a sea theme, AND there are flat screen TVs on all of the walls (multiple on each wall)!!!I must say though, for food, I feel like the baskets that include the fries are better at other places. They give very little french fries here and they're kind of soft and mushy. (This is for the take out experience, the dine in fries look better).I also must note that I came in at about 10:00pm and the place was kind of dead, but DON'T LET THAT FOOL YOU. The food is DELICIOUS and the staff are SUPER friendly and nice. Genuinely. Not just because they have to be. I think the owner of the establishment was sitting at the bar seating and he even thanked us on our way out, as did about 3 other surrounding workers. I didn't realize that he was the owner until he thanked us because he was in plain clothes he was sitting at the bar, chatting with a customer that was eating by himself. Still, he and everyone else were quick and again, very friendly. I appreciate that kind of service.They're also at the corner of a main road in Kaimuki so it's easy to spot when you're driving around. And they're open til 3AM! I need a good place that's open late for good food.I REALLY like this place and will be coming back soon! Probably over and over again too. Hahahaha
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,12/9/2012,95,75,22,8,10>Ok so, I decided months ago that I was done with the whole Yelp thing. I had a good run, it was fun while it lasted, thanks for the memories. Morimoto's, however, brought me out of retirement. I had been wanting to try this place for quite some time; Morimoto being my favorite Iron Chef and all (well, he and Hiroyuki Sakai) and decided my birthday would finally be the day. As with every first visit to any Japanese restaurant, I always go straight for the sushi and there was definitely no shortage of options. One of the many offerings is the chef's sushi combination; $40, $80, $120, and $160 option. When I asked the server what was the difference between the four, he said that the higher priced ones come with higher grade fish and more exotic items. I consider myself a bit of a sushi connoisseur, so nothing less than the $120 option would grace this appetite.Much to my surprise, and somewhat to my dismay, 15 - 20 minutes later, I was presented with a cornucopious platter of pescatarian goodness the likes of which Neptune himself stood no chance of finishing. It was so big, the table of 5 Japanese people adjacent looked upon it (and me) with utter astonishment; whispering comments to one another in their native tongue that I need not have translated to understand the gist thereof. How in the world could the waiter look at me straight faced and allow me to order this thing without so much as a warning?! At first, I told the waiter he must have brought me another table's order, but he assured me that this monster was in fact all mine. When I asked him how I was supposed to finish this all by myself (the aforementioned table of 5 is now giggling, by the way), he suggested that I eat the nigiri first, then take the maki home to eat later. *deep sigh* Ok...ok, that sounds plausible. Let's do it...let's do it. After eating myself into a semi-comatose, "If I never see a piece of sushi again, it will be too soon"  state, I had just begun to make some headway. Man, FOUR people could not have finished this. I tapped out. Eyes and mouth slightly open, I look over to said party of five and shake my head. Hysterical laughter ensued. The waiter returned and boxed up the rest of the sushi. His final insult? A plate of lime and coconut sorbet inscribed with "happy birthday" in chocolate ganache served with a smirk. I am currently in no shape to neither hug nor hurt him, so I just sink into my chair and moan. 5 stars to you, Morimoto's. Thanks so much for making my 35th memorable. "S"
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,12/8/2012,266,263,13,17,12>Ho NAHHHH. After an intense bike ride, my boypren and I were starving so I busted out my Yelp app and sim sim salabim, THAI LAO.Luckily it was down da street so we headed over and didn't realize how fucking classy this place was. Here I am, all sweaty wearing spandex sitting in a restaurant with Thai drama playing on the TV and actual glass cups. Shittttt.Our waitress was very sweet especially when I asked how hot the red curry would be. She made some great recommendations and we ended up getting the red curry, pad thai, and panang curry.Curry it to me.Within minutes we got our sticky rice in these fancy little straw backpack things.I love curry. I especially love Thai Lao's curry. Talking about it now just makes me want to go back and eat their curry.The red curry (I ordered mild cause I'm a pussy) was delicious, flavorful and had just enough spice to warm up my tummy. The vegetables in it were soft and chewable (perfect for an old person with dentures) and the chicken were perfectly bite-sized. The pad thai was amazing. Words can't even describe.The panang curry was good and sweet but I preferred my red curry!Our waitress kept checking up on us and refilling our water and making sure we liked the food. Every time she came back I'd quickly nod my head so that she would go away and I can indulge in the amazing food. Yea yea I'm a pig, whatevs.Seriously amazing, it was a great experience and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,12/7/2012,512,228,10,14,11>Absolutely LOVE.The Good* Private parking, yay* GREAT selection of different appetizers* I tried the spicy ahi crisps! Those were yummy & interesting, they deep fried nori and put their delicious spicy ahi on top* Seared ahi in light sauce mmMmHmm* Hamachi Roll ! * anything you order here will pretty much taste like a slice of heaven!The Bad* Sadly, 80% of the specialty rolls are shellfish goodness in them....... and I'm allergic to shellfish! So... I couldn't try most of them which made me sad. But I did try the one ahi roll they had. and it was HEAVEN.The Weird* There were spider cobwebs dangling from the tables, so it was rubbing on my leg the whole time. I thought it was gum hanging from the tables... but it was major dust and cobwebs!!! :( but it didn't stop me from eating SUPER GOOD SUSHI!!!but seriously they should do something about that dusty stuff dangling on my legs.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,12/6/2012,865,217,44,48,52>My mom and aunt have been raving about Kim An's Bun Bo Hue for a while, so I was glad to finally be able to check this place out myself. It's a very small restaurant and there was a line out the door the entire time we were dining, always a good sign!As mentioned earlier, their Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef vermicelli) is their most popular item. The table of 5 next to us had all ordered that dish and almost convinced me to do the same. But since I'm not much of a ramen, saimin or pho fan I went w/their 2nd most popular dish:COM GIA HAI NAM, $9 (Hainanese Chicken Rice). yelp.com/biz_photos/VpMW…Kim An's Hainanese Chicken Rice is basically poached chicken. Although this Vietnamese version was tasty, it missing the flavorful juicy chicken aspect that made Tian Tian's Hainanese Chicken Rice famous. One of these days, I need to travel to Singapore to get my fix! foodtravelblog.com/blog/…The best part of Kim An's is the flavorful rice that's been cooked with the leftover poaching liquid.Some of the fat rendered from the chicken broth is saved & used to toast the raw rice grains prior to cooking, giving it extra flavor. My rice was garlicky and delicious, there wasn't a grain left on my plate!They'll try to accomodate you when it comes to dark or white meat, but no guarantees. My plate was all breast meat, while my mom's had the drumstick and wing parts. yelp.com/biz_photos/VpMW…Chili sauce, a bowl of chicken broth & pickled cabbage (marinated with the same chili dipping dipping sauce) comes with every order. The dipping sauce was awesome! This pungent sauce consists of fish sauce, ginger, lemongrass, sugar and chilies. Sweet and salty deliciousness! yelp.com/biz_photos/VpMW…A lot of folks were dipping their kimchi into the chili sauce, so I followed suit. Holy heffer......amazing! I think I prefer the Vietnamese Hainan-style chicken over Yee Hong Pavillion's Chinese version (yelp.com/biz_photos/HKqQ…) just because of this sauce. I'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,12/5/2012,483,289,11,15,17>After helping out at Children and Youth Day at the capitol we ventured into Downtown for lunch, and as we were finishing up we started thinking about dessert.  My friends were asking if there were any dessert places in the area that are open on a Sunday.  Thanks to a lot of the awesome reviews I've been seeing popping up lately on Yelp I knew exactly where to go.  Ice Forest!  We made the walk over from JJ Dolan's which isn't a very long, or tough walk, but the weather sure made it suck.  Kona winds, oh how I loath thee...   Luckily our destination was full of frosty treats to cool us down!The quick and dirty...GOOD:+ Freshly made mochi balls and custard+ Lots of flavors of syrup+ Also has bubble drinks and snow ice+ Friendly service+ Clean+ OPEN ON THE WEEKENDS!!!!BAD:- Located in Downtown (I don't work, or live anywhere near there)- Cash only- Only three stools at a small counter to the sideSTRANGE:? Located in a small mom and pop convenience storeThe details...Whenever I try a new shave ice place I always like to get rainbow.  I use that as my standard for everywhere.  I also know from countless reviews, and comments that it's all about the mochi balls and custard here, so I got those as well.  I went for the regular custard for my first venture into the Ice Forest.  Just a couple short minutes after placing my order I was handed a big styrofoam bowl heaping with multi colored frosty goodness topped with gooey mochi balls and a creamy chunk of custard.  And yes, I actually remembered to take a picture to commemorate my experience!Rainbow with custard and mochi balls: yelp.com/biz_photos/aXQz…When I first heard about this place I figured mochi balls with shave ice wasn't anything unusual, but when I heard you can get custard with your shave ice I thought that was a little strange.  I think that no more!  The custard is soft, sweet and rich.  The sweetness of the custard matches the shave ice flavors, and the texture compliments the cold icy flakes perfectly.  I do love ice cream in my shave ice, but custard is great stuff too!  The mochi balls were super soft and fresh.  The consistency of the mochi also helps to compliment the texture of the shave ice, and the simple mochi taste helps compliment the sweetness of the syrup and custard.  According to the sign outside the custard and mochi balls are made fresh daily.  How awesome is that??  The ice was more chunky than the super fine texture you would get at Waiola, and the flavors of the rainbow syrup were spot on.The man dishing out the shave ice was very friendly and attentive.  He even made sure that everything was ok when we had left and walked by the open side door to his shop.    Ice Forest is not just a shave ice shop, but it's also attached to a convenience store.  You can buy bottled drinks, cigarettes, candy, gum, pre-packaged sandwiches, side salads, fruits, and other snacks.  I guess Sundays are a slow day because as we were enjoying our frosty treats we notice the person manning the counter on the convenience store side taking a little bit of shut-eye.  I also noticed that they do accept credit cards on this side of the store.  Maybe it's two separate operations just sharing one storefront?  I'll have to inquire next time.Since this was only my first visit I'll say it's a solid 4 star joint for now, and if over my next visits I'm still as impressed I'll definitely be updating my rating.If ever you're anywhere near the corner of Merchant and Alakea be sure to stop by Ice Forest to check it out.  You'll definitely want to try something with the custard and mochi balls.  Ice Forest is indeed a Shave Ice Wonderland!***31 Yelps: 08/31***
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,12/4/2012,231,162,10,11,12>The food at Yakitori Glad isn't brilliant, amazing, or anything remotely close to that, but for $3.90 a dish, it's totally awesome! I appreciate the low price point because it gave my boyfriend and I the opportunity to sample a wide assortment of dishes, and if something sucked, oh well, it's only $3.90 and my feelings aren't hurt. Fortunately, we didn't have anything terrible.GOOD:Tori Kushikatsu - Not too greasy and it comes with a bit of spicy mustard to give it that extra kick!Momo Glad Yaki w/spice - This was probably my favorite dish; the chicken was juicy enough and it was decently flavorful. I'll probably stick with this next time.Tori Kamameshi - Very simple and straightforward, but nice. We let the rice sit in the pot for a bit to make it crispy.JUST OKAY:Tsukune Cheese - As others have mentioned, the only thing we could taste was the cheese.Tofu Bacon Salad - Way too much dressing for too little spinach.Gyu Kushi - This was inconsistent. My stick was extremely dry and rubbery, but my bf's one was okay; still, I wasn't impressed.Butabara - Nothing special or exciting; I had one bite and let my bf eat the rest because he seemed to enjoy it more than me.Unfortunately, they were out of the heart items that night, so we didn't get to try those. Oh well, perhaps that's for our next visit, if my bf can stomach it. Overall, I would have to say the food at Kohnotori is better, but Glad is cheaper. Fair enough.Service at Glad is outstanding; it's been a while since I've dined at an establishment where the servers have managed to trick me into believing that they love their jobs and take pride in delivering the best service possible. The Japanese seem to excel at this. Service was not only friendly and enthusiastic, but very quick and efficient.Yakitori Glad is located in Kapahulu, which comes in 3rd behind Waikiki (2nd) and Downtown (1st) for the shittiest parking situation in Honolulu. If the lot is full and street parking is non-existent, there's always Safeway.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,12/3/2012,1750,731,15,19,18>Bars, especially Korean ones, are infamous for their constant changing-of-ownership, so it's not surprising that this establishment has turned over once again. Within the past few years, this spot has been Crystal Palace, Centerfold, and even Club Business. Suji Mama, former Mama of T-Time and Hibiscus, has transformed this former ghetto strip-hostess bar into an interesting and more-appealing "multipurpose" bar. THE HAPPSNo discrimination whatsoever! This bar has just about everything going on.- Billiards: 1 pool table- 3 dart machines- Several Megatouch-esque machines- Mini dance floor and stage- Go-go dancers: Last night we only saw one dancer, but she was workin' it!- Hostesses: Both local and Korean girls!- Karaoke- Party rooms (with karaoke)- Lots of TVs- Lots of seating: booths and bar- Food: Suji brought out some pupus for us! Pork with vinegar sauce, poke, and hobak jun (fried egg-battered zucchini). All 3 were great, so I really want to try more of their food. SERVICEOur server Mr. Ho had a hard time understanding us bc of his poor English, but at least he tried. I'm really glad that there were other local English-speaking workers to help him out. LOL.VERDICTCEO Club is definitely a one-stop shop when it comes to bars. Play some darts or pool, stuff your face with delicious pupus, sing Karaoke with a hostess, or throw some bills at a go-go; the choice is yours! I had an excellent time and will definitely be back for more.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,12/2/2012,676,463,12,14,14>PWK! PWK!  One more round, kthx!I think I would love tequila if they all can make it the way Dash does it!  The PWK is a chilled Peligroso with a hint of orange and it's garnished with a lemon dipped in li-hing powder.  Drinking it could cure all ills, heartaches, depression and every negative things in the world.  It was so yummy!  $7 a shot.The chiso-ume mojito was delicious too.  It's sweet and salty at the same time.  It was very interesting and I would definitely order this again, $8.I would pass on the white gummy bear shot.  It's definitely not like how Ichiriki Loft does theirs.  Think watered down Malibu.  It was on special for $5 a shot.My friend Allison P. and I made a discovery here as well.  We think spicy food keeps you from being drunk.  We ordered their Dash edamame which is made with the Korean spicy paste and their kettle chips which comes with a spiced strawberry ketchup.  The food was really good and portions were huge.  We kept eating the whole time and barely made a dent into it.  Anyway, we had five shots and two beer/cocktails each and barely felt tipsy.  The bartender and the waitress were impressed but I think it's the spicy food haha.I had a good time here.  I like that the music wasn't blasting and it was a chill place to hang out.  I don't care it's not "gastropub" standards.  It reminds me of a typical sports bar where the male to female ratio was far from even and guys do what guys do, drink beer and play darts.  Service was great and everyone was so helpful and friendly.  The food looked good and we wished we had the stomach capacity to try more items.  Definitely coming back for those PWK shots!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,12/1/2012,231,559,26,28,29>I don't know where to begin..... 1) my car journeyed way beyond its normal driving distance, 2) my journey began very early in the morning, 3) my journey was definitely outside the box of my normal course of yelp (of daily habit), 4) my journey was not the most economical thing to do, BUT inspite of all, my journey was one of the momentous events probably of my life so far.....Checking in at Sky Dive Hawaii was the easy part. Fill in the Internet based application form, check all the liability boxes including one that says " you accept and acknowledge you may die"' and then wait for the to call your name. The waiting, inspires anticipation and maybe some anxiety (from the unknown I guess) but waiting, we get to see the divers land..... I got Andy as my tandem jumper. Great guy to do your first jump with. Patient and detailed in his explanation with the dos and dont's and his key statement was "whatever you do, don't panic because. Got your back" and I now realize it may have been a pun on words....he's strapped to my back! LOLThey file us in a little plane  (looks lie something they took out of the sitcom MASH... Then up up and away. The view was absolutely gorgeous. At the 14000 foot level, they open the door and off we go.... And then! The only way down is DOWN. One word to describe the rush of the Jump? Orgasmic, the minute free fall post orgasmic ,  and the lift when the chute opens? I'm still thinking of a one word description.They view while gliding to land is absolutely gorgeous. And the landing? Perfect. My feet touched the ground and simply walking a fee steps while the chute settles to the ground.If you are local, go early before the busses from Waikiki arrive (usually around8:30 am), sign in at the computer kiosk and you're good to go If you get motion sickness or altitude sickness, go prepared, get the patch from your doc or take something for the altitude. Yes, it was a short journey up to 14000 ft and a shorter journey to the ground, BUT the ride up and down may get your equilibrium...did me, but I am looking forward to my next journey to the 14000 feet!You can as for instructors.... Ask for Andy, he's great.  They offer photos and dvdsv for purchase. Be prepared, it gets up there in price. I'd Check out their website also before king any reservations.......
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,11/30/2012,211,86,8,32,20>Built upon the famous John Dominis site, 53 By the Sea is the latest in fine dining.  So you say what's the meaning of the name?  The address is 53 Ahui Street.Chef Hayasaka was transferred from their famous italian restaurant in roppongi, japan.        We had the Homemade fettuccine with tomato sauce, oishi!  We also had the 16oz ribeye steak which was cooked to perfection.  You have your choice of sauce with the steak: cabernet wine reduction, marsala wine and shallot, crispy sage and garlic, salt and lemon.  I had the last choice of spinach and bleu cheese, Yummy!       We started however with the 53 by the sea seafood platter which was a cocktail of lobster, scallop, mussel (the oysters where out) maguro, and kampachi.  We also tried the Prosciutto and Pecorino cheese platter.  This is perfect for a wine pairing!       To finish our meal we took our drinks to the beautiful bar they've built next to a piano and stage.  A guitarist was play a combo of jazz tunes and local hawaiian music.  We decided to order desserts, the tiramisu and the chocolate eggplant.  The tiramisu was awesome but the choco eggplant was just interesting.  53 will open for lunch soon.  They have the facilities to have wedding parties and gatherings in several private rooms.  A must try!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,11/29/2012,376,199,42,36,38>10 Traits of a Yelp Superhero (YS)Trait 1 - A Yelp Superhero looks powerful!A YS is clean cut, handsome and muscularly built!  Example:yelp.com/user_photos?ret…Trait 2 - A Yelp Superhero writes reviews that stick in your head!8-29-12 - A YS wrote a review about Paalaa Kai Bakery.  In his review he said:"Puffies are so amazingly good!  Powder sugar around the mouth is a badge of honor!"What he said, stuck in my head!Trait 3 - When a Yelp Superhero says something ....you listen!A YS stirred my interest!  My mouth watered!  I was hungry for Puffies!Alas, Paalaa Kai Bakery is out in Waialua.  That it way pass Wahiawa!  It's 31 miles and 45 minutes away from where I work.  That's 31 miles each way!!  My car has eight cylinders and gets 22 mpg/hwy.  Premium is $4.35/gal where I buy gas.  I don't think I'll be heading to Paalaa Kai Bakery anytime soon.I fire off a compliment to Wayne S. (Wayne S. is a Yelp Superhero):"Hot Stuff - I've heard so much about this place.  I wish someone would bring ME some Puffies!!"Trait 4 - A Yelp Superhero is thoughtful, kind and considerate!A few minutes later I get this Compliment from Wayne S.:"You're Cool - We like to holo holo so I'll keep you in mind Val."Trait 5 - Yo!  A Yelp Superhero is hip.  He gathers information and is well prepared before he goes on a rescue.A few minutes later a message comes in from Wayne:  "Yo!  What area do you live in?  Just for future info for when I go out to Paalaa again!"We exchange some messages.  I tell him what I want if he heads out there again!Trait 6 - A Yelp Superhero does what he says he's going to do.9-3-12.  I get a phone call from ....MY Yelp Superhero!!!My YS:  "Is this Nezumi Y.?  We are heading to Paalaa Kai Bakery today!  You wanted six Snow Puffies, three azuki bean turnovers and three apple turnovers...right?"I answer "Yes!"  I'm in total disbelief!  Today MY YS is making my Paalaa Kai Bakery and Snow Puffies dream come true!  Today I taste my first Snow Puffies!  I can't wait!yelp.com/biz_photos/paal…yelp.com/biz_photos/paal…Trait 7 - A Yelp Superhero drives an American made Batmobile when he goes on a rescue.  It's called a Waynemobile!The Waynemobile is 8 cylinders and goes really fast.  It probably gets 14 mpg/hwy.  It's a nicely polished and shiny ...SUV.  Don't laugh!  Think of how many people Batman could have saved at one time if the Batmobile was a six passenger SUV.Trait 8 - A Yelp Superhero has a Robin.  In this case Robin is his wife.Trait 9 - A Yelp Superhero is a person that will battle everything evil.  He is powerful and makes people's dreams come true.My YS knew what brought happiness to me.  He is aka the "Light Knight"!I take my hoard of pastries from Paalaa Bakery home.  I give one Snow Puffy to my gf; one to her daughter and one Puffy is for me.  We save the turnovers for later.Gf:  "Where'd you get these pastries they're delicious.  Light flaky filo pastry with a delicately sweet custard filling.  I like that I get a taste of chocolate in every bite.  I love them!"Me:  "There is a Yelp Superhero I call the Light Knight.  He drove all the way to Waialua in his Waynemobile to pickup these pastries for me."Powdered sugar covers our lips and we all proudly displayed our badge of Puffies honor.Gf:  "I can't believe your Light Knight drove all the way to Waialua for three Snow Puffies; one azuki bean and one apple turnover!  OK!  Let's have dinner!"yelp.com/biz_photos/paal…Me:  "Honey!  I'm really not that hungry tonight!  I think I'll skip dinner!  Burrrrp!!!"Trait 10 - A Yelp Superhero knows how to keep secrets.  If you want to be a YS .....sssshhhhhhh!!!P.S.  I couldn't help myself. I ate 3 puffies and 4 turnovers before I got home!! .....sssshhhhhhh!!!P.P.S.  Everyone from town to Hawaii Kai should have a YS when it comes to Paalaa Kai Bakery.P.P.P.S.  The four filo crusted turnovers I ate were to die for!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,11/28/2012,112,89,21,9,9>As Nerdlord, let me maintain my hatred for hipster nazis by saying that this restaurant is HIPPY, not HIPSTER and yes, there is a difference. Hipsters promote annoying music, annoying hair, and annoying ideals all while taking pictures of themselves on instagram. Hippies do the same things, but are much more chipper when going about the ordeal. Thus, hippies are what hipsters could be if they weren't such assholes. With that said, I didn't feel like I was betraying my fellow nerds and loners when stepping into this restaurant yesterday. I wanted to feed myself something fresh and tasty and Peace Cafe had a wide range of dishes that promoted those qualities.For lunch, I settled with a humpty dumpty sandwich, homemade kettle chips, and green tea. The humpty dumpty is a huge sandwich to swallow. It consists of eggless stuff and sprouts piled thick onto two slices of fresh, homemade bread. As a meat lover who is totally okay with penis jokes, the sandwich was delicious up to a point. After a while, I wish it had more flavor, more saltiness, and more animal things swimming in it, but I think that's just a fatty's preference. I will say that after the first half, I was done and pretty content. The kettle chips were also good. I'm only assuming they were homemade because they were put into separate paper brown bags, but I wouldn't put it past them if they cheated with Lay's. What I loved most about Peace Cafe is it's homey, welcoming vibe I could disappear into. This is a really great place to catch up with friends or to take a tiny trip away from your normal food spots. Maybe it was the warmth of the tea or the homeless crazies shuffling around in the nearby park, but it really felt better to be inside the cafe.One thing that's not so great about Peace Cafe is the long table that can be shared in the middle. For loners, this is problematic as it leaves them vulnerable to awkward conversations with strangers, particularly with hippies who might want to talk about their feelings on world peace or alpacas. Fortunately, I came on a slow day and was able to snag a table in the far corner where I could sit and judge people harshly. The only parking that I knew of was the metered street spots, but this place was good enough to spare some parking change once again.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,11/27/2012,246,383,2,19,13>Before I start my review about the restaurant, I'd like to point out that I really hope Whole Ox breaks the curse that exists in this building. You may be wondering why I feel theres a curse in that building. I'll explain.I used to work at CompUSA for years during college days and we saw numerous establishments come and go in that SAME spot. Blue Room, Grumpy's Bar and Grill, Velvet Lounge, Grumpy's again, Bliss Nightclub, some Chinese take out place that lasted 3 months, Ploi Thai, and Blue Ocean. It was an ongoing joke back in 2005-2007ish on how many businesses come and go on that spot. Ploi Thai had some crazy pad thai and various curries. Okay, so what about The Whole Ox? It's new, there's already a huge bunch of returning customers, and the food rocks. I ordered the Dry Aged burger and it was absolutely delicious. I'm not a burger guy but this is THE best burger I've ever ate. Period. I wish the prices are a bit more reasonable($11 for the burger) there but I understand you have to charge a bit more since you're offering all take out items(cups, boxes) in all "green" containers which cost a fortune(they literally give away their biodegradable take out cups on the shelf for water).I highly suggest parking on the street on Keawe or Auahi Street and popping a few quarters. If you're going to take out and go there in prime times, put at least 30 minutes into the meter. You're going to have to wait since this place is new and good.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,11/26/2012,360,130,21,20,20>Waiahole Poi Factory serves their grub between 10am and 2pm on Fridays. That is 4 hours. There are 52 Fridays in a year. Meaning they are open 208 hours a year.There are 168 hours in a week.  Meaning cumulatively these guys are open for 9 days a year.  Being that there are 365 days in a year, there is a 2.4% chance of driving by when they are open to serve their delicious and most legit Hawaiian food in one year.I'm still running off the nerdy fuels of UYE Pi Day, forgive me! I grew up in Kaneohe, this should have been a no brainer! Of course I ate here, right? WRONG. C'mon, I had to go to school and whatnot. So it really wasn't until just last week, that the slots of free time and location aligned itself upon that magical 2.4% probability. Of course I had some family friends always giving us their Poi during the holidays. Always handmade, always ono. Garans Ballbarans!But now was the first time I had the opportunity to try their Laulau which I had been jonesing for a while. I gotta tell you in a soft exhale in the manner of Natalie Portman in Black Swan, "it... was perfect." Pretty hefty portions of pork of equal proportion to the taro leaf. Okay, some of you out there are big butterfish fiends and this laulau don't have any. Fuck dat shit anyway! Butterfish ain't Hawaiian. The downside of all of this is that now I gotta find ways to escape all town side obligations on Fridays to make it out there in time!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,11/25/2012,146,63,11,17,15>I have NO idea what these 1 star people below are talking about.  Crazies! This place was FREAKING awesome. I'm already trying to figure out when I can go back!Yes I agree with Mike O. about the menu needing to be more informative.  We had to ask our server like a million questions.  BUT, with that said our server was very knowledgeable and helpful.  In fact the service was fantastic.  Maybe by this point they started taking some cues from earlier reviews.  Now to the food. My dinner crew ordered the Captain's special with Dungeness crab (yes it's the WHOLE crab).  You get to choose one special item.  Then we did a separate order of King Crab legs.  We did both orders with "the work" which I highly recommend.  OMG the flavor of this sauce was mouthwatering, garlic, lemon, Cajun spicy goodness.  I was sopping up all that sauce from the bottom of the bag with my shell fish flesh.  AMAZING.  I think the market prices were fair and I was pleasantly surprised overall how reasonable the tab was.  All the seafood was fresh and yummy, except the crawfish.  It just didn't taste as fresh as everything else and I could only eat 1.  It's B.Y.O.B, but they only have Styrofoam cups, so if you bring wine and don't enjoy drinking it out of Styrofoam bring you own glasses. HOWEVER, after the meal started I was grateful for the cups as you are so slimy and dirty your cups get trashed. JUST an environmental note to Raging crab, I considered docking you a point, because we should NOT be buying Styrofoam EVER.  Get on the green bandwagon and get some environmentally safe cups.  Considering you don't need plates or utensils, I think you can afford it.Lastly, if you are a messy eater like me, then don't wear white here EVER.  This is a get down and dirty, eat with your hands, sauce dripping from your chin kinda joint.  OK that's all. Enjoy!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,11/24/2012,265,441,11,23,17>Someone is finally getting it right. After such a disappointing and uninspiring experience at DASH, I really felt that this island (and State, for that matter) was doomed to being full of wannabe restauranteurs that didn't know what the F'k they were doing and fooling clients that they thought were dipshits into fake establishments because they didn't know the difference. REAL, though, has got their s#!t together and is lining up to be the most impressive, and only ACTUAL Gastropub on O'ahu, for the time being. The GOOD: The focus on beer, the quality and the selection. REAL has some things working against it, the lack of local microbrews available to them. However, their determination and motivation to work with what they got is truly what is going to make them succeed, especially after DASH closes their doors. REAL overloads their guests with a 5+ page of single-spaced list of bottled beers that don't bear shameful names like "Budweiser", "Michelob" or "Coors". They pride themselves with a wide variety of lesser-known beers. Beers that put any water-tasting liquid to shame. That is not to say that you have never heard of these beers, its just a point to maintain that REAL is more about crowding a small room with drunks that spend money - moreso, they want to entertain foodies with higher quality alcohol. Additionally, REAL dazzles their guests with a massive collection of draft beers. Again, you're not going to find your run of the mill drinks that you can pick up at 7-11, but instead a collection of more hand-crafted beverages (more handcrafted than crap like Miller). Currently, about 24 drafts are plastered (or chalked) up against the wall for you to choose from. The BAD: Obviously, they have some kinks in their system. Of course being new, I will give them that (mainly because I already like them, and they didn't ruin my evening). They haven't finalized their menu yet - GASP - a gastropub, sans-gastro. Party foul on their party, but they're working on it. June 15th will be the day that our tastebuds should be barraged with a sensual line up of food so sexy, your ears will bleed. Either way - I am still liking this place because its new and promising.Another bad that I have to mention is the pub party... Living in Hawaii, this is going to simply be a bummer for the gastropub enthusiast. Not being on the mainland limits the selection of the uber-local, super-sophisticated, extremely handcrafted micro-brewed beer that can only be found on the mainland (because thats the whole point of a micro brew). Unless more people start cooking up their own mind blowing beers here, Hawaii is doomed to stay slightly below the better-beer-curve. REAL though is on a terrific trajectory towards becoming O'ahu's CLOSEST and most accurate paradigm of the perfect gastropub. REAL will be the closest we will get. They do have some "No-No's" that are not typical gastropub characteristics, mainly a full on bar (which isn't necessarily a bad thing when you're trying to bring in clientele - and their Girlfriends/Wives/Mistresses). I get that you wouldn't want to single out half your demographic, but it does bring in a crowd that mares the gastropub feel. Another "No-No" would be the inclusion of less then amazing beers (e.g., PBR), but I am totally going to overlook it because, well... I like PBR... and how else are you going to bring the hipsters in?OVERALL: The food is sounding to be something phenomenal once its ready to enjoy. I recommend everyone get their GastroGrub on.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,11/23/2012,52,71,3,8,7>This place is a definite must try if you happen to be wandering around Waikiki and Beachwalk.  The family and I played tourists today and if it weren't for my hubby mentioning this hole in the wall and how they sold good sorbet we would have completely by passed it as another convenience store.  Huh?!  This place is definitely not to be overlooked Yelpers.  Complete randomness nestled in between Trump and Embassy Hotels.  Henry's Place has a wide selection of homemade ice cream and sorbet.  The freezer is full of different flavors from tropical like coconut to the standards like strawberry.  Both cost the same, $5 for a 8 oz cup.  It was perfect for two to share.  We opted for the pineapple sorbet.  It was sooo delicious!  Like biting into a real, refreshing pineapple.  Absolutely fresh and not too sweet.  The texture was smooth and creamy.  Its charming that the ice cream and sorbet comes in a styrofoam cup and you never know what flavors are going to be available.  There is a table with lots of chairs right outside the shop for you to enjoy your treat.  Which you may want to do because I guarantee you'll want more before you leave.  After one bite of our sorbet, I immediately said okay what flavor are we getting to take home?  We're feeling tropical and got coconut.    I hope this little store never closes and they continue making this cold, creamy goodness in a cup for a long time to come.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,11/22/2012,139,416,5,12,5>Prologue:  Emergency! Stress has reached epic proportions in my body and mind!  My karma ran over my dharma and my brain is turning to jelly!  People ask me questions, expecting wisdom, or at least fake intelligence and all I can muster is "Duuh!" as my eyes stare off into space, as if I've been "spaghettified" by a black hole!  What to do?Fortunately, a friend looked at me earlier in the week, and calmly asked, "Norman, when was the last time you had a massage?"  I struggled to think, and all I came up with was, "I think it was a few years ago," to which she replied, "I think you really need a massage."I heeded her advice and went right to my smart phone to look up "massage" on Yelp!  I soon noticed the preponderance of five star reviews for Plumeria Body and Mind Massage, so I quickly called them and scheduled my massage.  I wanted Friday at 5:00 (right after work) but a group of four had already scheduled themselves.  So, I went with 11:30 on Saturday.I parked in Ali'i Place on Alakea Street, which ended up being only $1.50 for the entire time I parked there (50 cents per 1/2 hour).  I walked a couple blocks makai on Alakea Street, and there, right in the middle of downtown Honolulu I found this oasis.I stepped in the door and was immediately greeted by the owner, as well as the calm, darkened interior.  I could hear running water, as well as some calm music.  I was asked to take off my shoes and immediately replaced them with some soft straw slippers.  I was given a nice glass of water  and asked to fill out a one-page form since it was my first visit.I was taken around the corner to a big soft chair by my massage therapist, Raiana.  She had me place my feet in a small tub of soothing, hot water.  After drying them off, she took me to the little massage room.  She left the room so I could disrobe (down to underwear) and hop up on the massage table.  She asked me about areas of focus, which for me was the lower back and neck.  The massage then began and it was fantastic!  She used a combination of Swedish, Lomi Lomi, Thai, and I forgot what else she mentioned.  I could feel her working on some of the knots, particularly around my shoulders.  Who would ever know I carry so much tension there?I booked an hour massage, and I have to tell you, the time went very fast.  Before I knew it, the session was over, and I could easily have enjoyed another half hour, but I budgeted an hour for today.  A really nice touch at the end was when Raiana went out and got some damp hot towels to rub the massage lotion off,  Not only did it clean the lotion off, but the warmth was very soothing and a very nurturing way to bring the massage to a close.I have to say, I have had excellent massages in the San Francisco Bay Area, including ones at a massage school I attended before I started graduate school, but this was by far the best.  The total bill came to $58 plus tip for an hour massage, and, as other Yelpers have accurately noted, it was worth every penny.  I will definitely be back!Epilogue:  Sanity has been restored, chakras realigned, my attitude adjusted, and my body and mind are truly at peace as I write this.  Thank you Raiana and Plumeria Body & Mind Massage!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,11/21/2012,89,114,9,16,12>This was an awesome experience, probably the most fun I've had. Booking was easy, The PRICE was $100 per person with 10% kamaaina discount. Once you book they send you directions...we followed those directions but there was a few steps missing in between the freeway and the exit so we got a little lost but were saved by mapquest and the fact that we gave ourselves an hour 1/2 driving time.  LOGISTICS: As far as GEAR goes the package provides the rash guard, board, and tabbies, and if you have your own rash guard they allow you to wear it.  They started us off with some basics, got to practice on the sand, once we headed out there was instructors laid out around the perimeter, when you swim to the instructors, they guide you into the wave, so you pretty much are able to catch it, if you can get yourself up, which is the hardest part.  At first it was scary but as I kept trying I got closer to standing...and finally I did it! It was the best feeling ever. Most of the INSTRUCTORS were nice and helpful although there was one that didn't really mesh well with us but the good thing about this lesson is that you can swim back to the people you feel comfortable with. The PICTURE CD for $40 (if you pick it up) is so worth buying, they have awesome shots! This is the perfect lesson for all beginners, and although expensive, it's worth every penny since you get individual attention! Caution: you will be supper sore the next day!!!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,11/20/2012,1394,153,5,14,12>You really can't beat coming here in the morning and having your cup of joe and looking out on the water.  Beautiful way to start your day!They're all nice there and have had a lot of their drinks and do like it.  I'm a stickler for a proper espresso and their espresso itself is a little weak, but never burnt.Their Oreo Espresso milkshake though is OFF THE CHAIN!! Perfectly blended and flavored, each flavor is properly represented and is orgasmic! I make the best oreo milkshakes but the espresso takes it to another level people! MUST TRY!!Their food is also good.  I've had their sandwiches and flatbread which are all good and a great addition their coffee.Hope they'll last :)  Very friendly, great service, and great location! Peace out Starbucks!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/19/2012,651,637,7,13,10>I love everything about Tanaka of Tokyo West.1) Service - from the moment you step in the restaurant to the moment you leave, the service is phenomenal.  The waitresses really know their stuff.  The restaurant itself is very accommodating.  2) Menu - for entrees, your three main choices are steak, seafood, or chicken.  If you can't decide, make your own combo by sharing two entrees with another person.  For example, my hubby and I felt like eating steak and shrimp, and so I we ordered a large rib eye steak and a shrimp entree, and told the waitress that we were going to share.  When the chef cooked our meal, he knew we were sharing and portioned our food evenly.  Dessert is included with every entree - a scoop of Dave's Ice Cream - yum!  Choose between mango sherbert, kona coffee, chocolate, or green tea.  3) Location - the restaurant is conveniently located in Ala Moana.  After a day of shopping, just hop on the escalators to the third floor.  Reservations are highly recommended.The food is so good here that I'm begging my hubby to install a teppanyaki grill in our house.  :)
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,11/18/2012,70,120,3,8,8>It's funny how my friend and I ended up here.  We go for Indian food once every 3 or 4 months when that specific craving comes along- Kim's hankering for some paneer, and I'm dead-set on getting my lamb saag, and we're both dying for some delicious chilled mango lassi.  Sunday was one of those days, but alas our usual choice, Maharani, was closed.  Himalayan Kitchen was also closed.  Yelp, help?  Had it not been for that insatiable craving and the other two Indian options being closed, honestly Café TajMahal we wouldn't have met til much later in life.  But I am so glad for that twist of fate, because YOU are our new favorite Indian eatery!  Fantastic mango lassis, very flavorful lamb saag, and the best naan I've had yet! First, what made the naan stand out from all others was not only the size but the freshness and taste!  Bread's bread, but bread pulled right out of the oven and straight to your plate is a beautiful symphony of scent and taste, and this was TajMahal's naan.  Taj Mahal's lamb saag was delicious and spicy, better than Maharani's in my opinion.  I must add though that Maharani's food and service has goneWAY downhill in this past year, I probably should update my review on them.  They used to be delicious....ANYHOW, back to TajMahal.  This next part is a bit of a mystery to me.  Normally Kim and I are pretty fast eaters, especially when it comes to Indian: food wait for  20 minutes, eat in 10 minutes, sit there like fat kids for 45 minutes wondering why we ate that fast....but this time, this time we actually found ourselves eating slooooooooowly.  This is how much we enjoyed TajMahal: the environment was conducive to quiet conversation and the true enjoyment of good food.  No loud crowds, nor the feeling of eating in a cramped cafeteria.   We were in this café that was bigger on the inside, hidden from the sounds of traffic and from the sight of passersby.  Service was very attentive and nice. Though every table was taken, we could just barely hear the murmurs and "mmmm's" of other diners...then again we were all completely engrossed in the Indian music videos playing on TajMahals hd flatscreens.  The colors are so vibrant!!  I found myself bobbing my head to their beats as I munched happily on my chunks of lamb, haha.  Good music, good company, great restaurant with fantastic food.  One snag in the overall pleasant experience, and that is their parking.  Café TajMahal is easily missed if you're trying to spot it from either Waialae Ave. or St. Louis Dr., it's located behind the more visible Fat Greek.  The parking lot there is so ridiculously tiny (very narrow aisles, one entrance, one exit) save yourself a headache and just pay the $3 to park across the street in the gravelly lot. Trust, once you start eating at TajMahal, you wouldn't give a rat's ya-know about the parking fee.Come to think of it....on Oahu, I think it's just a requirement to have really crappy parking if you're an Indian restaurant.  OH WELL.  Cafe TajMahal, love you and I'll be back!!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,11/17/2012,680,99,5,18,14>for our 3rd wedding anniversary we chose to celebrate at Roy's Ko Olina. yes, alittle bit out of the way but close to our babysitter for the night, and surrounded by mammoth resorts, tourists in loud matching outfits (plug: alohafunwear.com) and a lush golf course it kinda felt like we were on vacation too :) since we had an early reservation we had the option of indoor or outdoor seating and scored a beautiful table by the window. it was lovely to gaze out at the pond occupied by elegant black swans and duck families, as well as human families meandering the walkways.the food, although not "blow your mind" spectacular, was high quality. for apps we had chicken spring rolls (i'm a sucker for fried grub but was not a fan of the cilantro), hubby had a kampachi carpaccio, and we also split a beet salad which was surprisingly superb. for entrees i had the garlic shrimp with orzo (they also offer gluten-free pasta but i forgot to request) and hamakua mushrooms. hubs had some filet mignon. and for dessert we shared the mandatory chocolate molten cake (takes 25 minutes to make so they thoughtfully suggest you order it early), "painter's palette" of 5 island-inspired sorbets, and a complimentary mac nut brownie proclaiming "happy anniversary from roys!" the sad chopped fruit "garnishes" and presentations lacked the same enthusiasm and finesse, however. service, i am happy to report, was excellent. our server, i think his name was tai sei or something exotic like that, gave us his personal recommendations and i felt like he sincerely cared that we enjoyed our anniversary there. our empty plates never sat for long and my water glass was constantly being refilled (i drink a lot of water so this was impressive to me). i agree with Ty F. on the hostesses though, they were chatting with each other and dressed rather cheaply, which didn't make for the best first impression.bottom-line: love (and an occasional fancy dinner) are all you need!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,11/16/2012,392,296,7,13,11>V-Lounge is like that special place that everyone used to love and now, where is the love, I tell you Hawaii people, where is the L-O-V-E!  If you loved this place before then you will still love it now....WHY?Straight good pizza.  How can you go wrong with prosciutto, salami, fresh veggies and cheeses?  In a brick oven?  Come on now.  You gotta do that pizza like yesterday's news.  And now they have special sandwiches....yes, I said special sandwiches....check the board out cause their specials are a winner too.Service is champ. I don't know who these other people got as their servers but I have had Amber as our server a few times and she is quick, witty, fun, and just "takes care" of us.  Check out happy hour 2 dollar wells and domestic beers too!  What is better with a pizza than a 2 dollar beer????  MMMMMMMMMMM good stuff.The place is pretty nice with the dim mood lighting and the cozy areas to sit and chat with a friend.  There is enough sound to keep a good mood (music) but not blaring in your face loud like some other places.The bathrooms are clean and the parking is plentiful on the side of the building.  So seriously, what are you waiting for?  A personal invitation?  Well, you ain't getting one so just get your tush over there and have some good stuff in your grill.Enjoy and give Blaine and Amber a holla from me....
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,11/15/2012,152,116,9,19,14>As if the West side of Oahu isn't already a sort of "mystical" transport to an entirely different place in time (and laws LOL!), far removed from Honolulu's modern urban sprawl, alas out in Waianae, you're now suddenly "beamed over the pond" to MEXICO here at Tacos & More. I kid you not, as that's almost how it feels once you're within its hallowed walls, in what appears to be nothing but a tiny hole-in-the-wall DIVE from the outside. And walls there are a plenty, subdividing a seemingly endless, deep space that's obviously been expanded from several previous businesses, to now occupy almost the entire 1st floor of this 2-story building. Now Tacos and More includes 2 separate, very intimate, very CLEAN little dining rooms lead through a common hallway, while up towards the front section is a bar table room, adjoined by a full-service bar + Karaoke room, with a TV of course in almost every section. The main entrance area is where you'll find their takeout counter and main kitchen, plus yet another small dining area for takeout customers. (check out the photos)Of course, the theme throughout is over-the-top "why have one ornamental decoration and sign, when you can have 1000?" kitschy Latino arto-deco theme, as it should be with any "authentic" Mexican restaurant and bar. Speaking of which, for the record, like owner Mario Barron of Los Chaparros in town, Tacos & More owner/operator/chef/waiter/bartender/dishwasher/­host Javier Nevares is also from Mexico City, Mexico, if that's enough "authenticity" for you. Which brings us to the food, where some Yelpers here claim this is "authentic" Mexican, while others (especially Cali' folks) cry foul and far from it. For me, as I've stated in another review, personally having grown up in Hawaii, I'm far from qualified to judge what is truly "authentic Mexican", but I do know what tastes GOOD, and the Sea Bass Fillet dish I ordered on this first-time visit TASTED FANTASTIC! $13.95 for a HUGE fillet Sea Bass slab, SMOTHERED in finely minced garlic and silky butter, served with a slice of Lime, where the bass was cooked to PERFECTION, being sauteed with a slight brown crust, while being super-moist 'n flaky throughout. While that's not uniquely "Mexican", the refried beans and rice served with it certainly were, and what really rounded out the dish. Up there with Los Chaparros and Mexico Restaurant in flavor and texture to at least what I take as being "authentic". It also includes 2 flour or corn tortillas in case you want to wrap it up, but I found it unnecessary, as the rice and beans was more than enough "filler". Overall the Sea Bass was an excellent choice to initilate this "T 'n M" first-timer, and a decent value for the generous portion served. My friend who's a T&M regular, ordered his usual shredded beef Taco trio, which for $9.95 + $2.50, he adds on their awesome Rice and Beans. The Tacos and Burritos are served with both a red and green chile sauce in squeeze bottles, that you add at your discretion; both of which are quite spicy-hot. He always gets that, and it never disappoints. As for the first-round complimentary Chips 'n Salsa, the HOUSE-MADE corn tortillas are DELICIOSO as well, with a light, yet super-crunchy texture going on and intense corn flavor in the crispy deep-fried tortilla chips. While the "juicy" salsa is very simply executed with small chunks of tomatoes, chiles, onions and cilantro, serving up a mildly tomato-e-spicy kick. Refreshingly perfect for a hot summer Waianae/Makaha day.  I suppose my only complaint are the prices are on the high side considering its "divey", no-scenic-view location (regardless of how nice it is inside), which for that, I'd at least expect "bottomless" chips and salsa with my meal, not just the first round complimentary (as stated on the menu). Still, if lived out the west side THIS FAR OUT towards Kaena Point, no doubt I'd make Tacos & More "numero uno" on my list for entertaining guests, or just a night out for some great mexican grub 'n suds, as this is truly a "hidden" Waianae GEM and asset to the area's choices of restaurants. If you're out this side perhaps just driving around the island or coming from one of the numerous ocean activities and looking for a great place in the area to grab a bite and/or just chill-out, look no further than Tacos & More... HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Yo quiero Tacos & More! P.S. I really think they should change their name from 'Tacos & More' (LAME) to "Javier's Cantina' (GOT GAME!). Also note, they're now open on Sunday.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,11/14/2012,263,192,7,8,8>Walking around Chinatown hungry on a Friday night, my friend says she wants to eat pho. I'm thinking, with all the good restaurants in the little bubble, you wanna venture into the not-so-safe area in the dark??? I did a little search on Yelp and Pho My Lan had pretty good reviews, was still open and was relatively close. On our way there, we bumped into some friends, who didn't know we were looking for pho, and by chance also recommended Pho My Lan. This place is easy to find if you look for the bright sky blue paint against the grayness all around. The inside is also bright with interesting hanging plants decorating the ceilings. Kinda tacky, but at least they try! I always order Pho Tai no matter what restaurant I go to. The other cuts of meat scare me. It's pretty hard to mess up pho so I'd say this pho is pretty standard. Good, but not amazing. Flavorful broth, abundance of ingredients. Portion size was decent and prices were reasonable. Less than $7 for a small. Food comes out fast, service is good (for an Asian restaurant). There are a lot of pho options nearby (that close earlier), but I'd go back to Pho My Lan if the mood strikes again! Worth the little venture out of the bubble and you save a lot of money on dinner so you have extra for drinks!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,11/13/2012,149,107,3,14,9>I finally got a chance to visit the Kimukatsu to try their 25 layer katsu.  Was it really 25 layers?  To be honest, I'm not sure we were all pretty hungry and I forgot to count!  I am just going to have to trust them on this ;)First off, unless you live or are staying in Waikiki, parking will be a concern.  Luckily, there is a municipal parking lot on Kuhio Ave. between Kalanimoku and Lewers.  The meter charge is $1.50 an hour, so bring quarters.  Within the lot, there is a walkway between two buildings that will take you right onto Lewers St.  Turn right and walk a little bit and  you are at the front of Kimukatsu. Easy peasy!Menu wise, it was full of various types of Katsu:  black pepper, cheese, original, okonomiyaki, nanban, and "special sauce."  Since we had a large group we ordered the Combination Set that had one of each type of Katsu.  No thinking necessary and we got a chance to sample them all.  A Combination Set for 6 was $76.  Add the Rice Set for $4 per person and you will receive refillable miso soup, refillable thinly sliced cabbage, and fresh, a small dish of pickled vegetables, and high quality steamed rice (unfortunately, not refillable without an extra charge.)  My rice fanatic hubby gave his thumbs up to the quality of the rice.  One thing is that they have a garlic katsu that is not on the menu so we subbed out the cheese katsu for the garlic katsu.  Everyone really liked the garlic katsu more than the cheese katsu.  Be sure to ask for this if you like garlic. As for special sauces ($1 each), we tried some of the garlic sauce and we expected to be a garlic butter.  However, it was more of a garlic shoyu which was a pleasant surprise.  There are other sauces, but I think that you didn't really need it.  The normal katsu sauce is delicious and the okonomiyaki, nanban and "special sauce" katsu were all smothered in their respective sauces.  Looks like they got their liquor license as beer and sake is served in addition to refillable soft drinks.  Overall, I am going to give Kimukatsu 4 stars as the food was delicious, the service was attentive, and the ambiance very comfortable.  If I had to made a choice as to which Katsu restaurant is the best,  I would say Ginza Bairin is still my 5 star favorite.  Personally, I think I prefer the solid piece of pork rather than the layers.  I enjoy the flavor of the pork and having a solid piece as it seems juicier.   I would definitely recommend Kimukatsu for those that love their tonkatsu.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,11/12/2012,410,147,8,20,22>I really love YuZu. It's one of those "secret" places that you cannot really describe where it's located. Okay secret may be a bit of an understatement, but it is a little difficult to find if it's your first time. Located inside the Ala Moana Hotel (first floor near the lobby) is a fantastic Japanese/sushi bar/cocktail bar. I was first introduced to YuZu from a Yelp party and ever since I've been a loyal patron. Okay, so YuZu has your typical common sushi and Japanese food like Salmon 5-O yelp.com/biz_photos/KQF0…Tuna 5-O yelp.com/biz_photos/KQF0…Sukiyaki Beef Udon yelp.com/biz_photos/KQF0…Yakitori Skewers yelp.com/biz_photos/KQF0…, etc.But what makes YuZu so special is two signature items. Their Lotus Root Pizza yelp.com/biz_photos/KQF0…and their Veggie Sampler (Vegetable Sushi) yelp.com/biz_photos/KQF0…Now you may be thinking Lotus Root Pizza sounds downright nasty, but it's actually the most amazing pizza innovation! The lotus root is crisp and has a slight crunch and tastes amazing with the cheese and YuZu's special green pepper sauce.  The Veggie sushi is my second favorite. I love bringing new friends to YuZu and having them try the Veggie Sampler. To sum it up, Veggie Sushi looks like plain old sushi, but instead of using seafood they use VEGETABLES! The veggie sushi is disguised so it looks like actual seafood. So when you think you're eating a piece of nigiri sushi that looks ahi, it's actually tomato. Or if you think you're eating uni (sea urchin) you're actually eating a carrot puree. It sounds strange, but it's deceivingly delicious with 7 different types of veggie sushi to choose from!Reservations aren't required but if you have a bigger party you may want to call ahead. You can also park at Ala Moana and walk across to the Ala Moana Hotel. Don't forget to try the lotus root pizza and the veggie sushi! These signature items you won't find anywhere else on the island!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,11/11/2012,284,411,12,12,13>Walking back from voting I see an oasis in the distance.  What can go wrong on a scorching hot day but a cup of cold and sweet.  As I walk up I am checking out the menu board and see cinnamon bunz............HOW AWESOME!!Finally my turn to order and as I place my order Melissa's smile slowly turns to a kawaiiso face and said that she is all out and its all Lori I's fault.  DAMN HER!!!!!Ended up with ginger pina colada and that was quite nice.  The instructions was to go from bottom up, get a little from the bottom and some from the top.  bottom was the coco-nutty goodness and the top was the pineappleish ginger thing.  So good!! And I am not going to lie, Melissa looked awesome in that yellow tank.  NICE! hahahahaOnly problem is that I ran out even before I reached the library.  Where did it all go?!?!?!?But I did have my heart set on the cinnamon.........Damn Lori!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,11/10/2012,334,330,8,11,8>Hawaii Photo Rental saved the day!  Or our company's photo shoot at least!  Our professional photographer flew in for two days to shoot portraits and candid office photos and the airlines lost... YES, lost one of his bags with light stands and a few other items. We were on a SUPER tight schedule to get things done before our GM left for a business trip and HPR was friendly, efficient, and were able to have a few options to look at by the time we drove over from the airport.  We were met by a friendly employee that knew what the photographer was asking for.  I didn't even know what he was talking about and I've taken a few photography classes.I haven't directly done business here (but I will soon), but our photographer was so grateful and so was I that we could keep on schedule.  For less than 40 bucks we got light stands for 3 days.  I'd say that's deals when you're in a bind.HPR -- really... can't thank you enough for offering rental services! You saved our photo shoots.  I'll be back to get some ILFORD film. I'm excited to get my film camera back in commission!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,11/9/2012,390,89,7,15,12>If you don't read any further, just remember to USE YOUR MARUKAI CARD!  IT WILL GIVE YOU 20% OFF YOUR BILL!!!!!!!Anyhow, I came for the first time a couple of nights ago at about 9:30 pm with my bf for a post-workout dinner, which means we were starving.  So don't judge us (me).We got the Nagoya chicken wings, the seafood bomb, spicy ahi roll, fisherman's bowl, 3 kinds of fish sashimi platter, and the frozen crème brulée.  -The NAGOYA CHICKEN WINGS are a MUST order.  They are the perfect combination of crispy, salty, spicy, and savory!  I will order them again next time, guaranteed.-The SEAFOOD BOMB has natto.  My bf is trying really hard to get me to like natto, and I'm kind of afraid to admit that it's working.  This dish is definitely a winner with the natto in it.  It's just a mélange of sashimi, natto, ikura, and various other yummies, which you spoon onto a strip of nori.  Thumbs up.-The SPICY AHI ROLL was eh.  Pretty standard.  Not as good as my spicy ahi, though, I must say...-The FISHERMAN'S BOWL was yum!  It's basically a donburi that they serve with a small jug of dashi, to be poured in and mixed.  It was my first time having anything like it, and I enjoyed having it at the end of my meal, like a warm porridge, to finish it all off.-The bf ordered the 3 KINDS OF SASHIMI, which were: salmon, hamachi, and saba.  He had some gripes: the salmon was cut way too thick, the hamachi was not a good cut (not from the belly, at all), and the saba... who serves saba sashimi?  He may be nit-pickier than some, but it's because he's a sushi chef... So who can blame him?-The FROZEN CRÈME BRULÉE we weren't going to order, but OMG thank goodness we did!  This was the boooommmmb!  I took the first few bites and asked why no one else had thought of this before?!  I would come back just to eat this dessert.  It's like 10x better than regular crème brulée, I swear.  You should try it.The bill came to $60, on which we could have saved $12 if we had remembered to use our Marukai card in time.  $60 is a fair price for what we had, but $48 would have been a DEAL.  Oh, and for the record, the service was spot on.So basically, order the Nagoya chicken wings, fisherman's bowl, and frozen crème brulée and DON'T FORGET TO USE YOUR MARUKAI CARD! :(
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,11/8/2012,440,533,7,13,10>My friends weren't kidding--this is by far the best meat jun on the island. I don't even like meat jun and I was hooked on this one. In fact, as far as local Korean food goes, Dong Yang is the best. As far as ambiance, don't expect more than a plain hole in the wall joint with casual service. The cheap, enormous and surprisingly delicious portions more than make up for the decor. Who cares when you're stuffing your face anyway?Why is their meat jun so awesome? The meat is marinated (but not overly marinated like the bulgogi at Yummy's or Pearl's) and it isn't sliced paper thin, which ruins the texture (think Soons in Salt Lake--meat frozen, then sliced so thin its unrecognizable). The batter is light and crisp. There isn't a lot of gristle. The meat is juicy and tender. Who knew meat jun could be so tasty?!I also ordered some fried mandoo and it was homemade and really good. I was expecting those itty bitty store-bought frozen ones so this was a plus. The banchan was local-style--beansprouts, head cabbage kimchee, won bok kimchee--and nothing spectacular. The meals also come with a bowl of clear chicken broth soup.I convinced my boyfriend to drive there after a long day playing at Shark's Cove. It totally hit the spot as a post beach meal. If it weren't such a drive from town, I'm sure I'd be eating there a lot more. People pay way more than this for mediocre fast food from places like Yummy's and Pearl's. You definitely get your money's worth and your tummy's worth at Dong Yang!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,11/7/2012,106,268,11,11,12>My friend and I were game for trying out the Angry Korean Lady's restaurant. Tonight's visit was my first to a Korean restaurant; my friend's was his estimated 11th to one but 1st one unaccompanied by a Korean (cue music for an interesting dining experience). Tip: Ply the Angry Korean Lady (AKL) with alcohol (Michelob Ultra is her current favorite) and you will have a much better dining experience. During my first contact with her, accompanied by an offering of beer, I tentatively ventured into the kitchen to ask about vegetarian items; she actually took the time to go through the menu - not what I expected from an AKL. Appeased by the alcohol, AKL was more forgiving of our apparently egregious mistakes in tackling the dishes. We mixed some of the sides and the rice together with the wrong sauce, all of which was supposed to accompany the soup. Oops! I didn't thoroughly mix the bi bim bap and added the wrong sauce, resulting in a soggy unmixed concoction. Another oops! She fixed our mistakes with the bi bim bap and the sides for the soon dubu - basically making a fried rice dish with the respective components. Tasty! She even spoon-fed my friend some of the remnants of the crispy rice, probably more efficient than him using the chopsticks. Lol! A funny sight! We didn't mess up eating the vegetarian mandoo (or dumplings).AKL impressively downed 8 oz Michelob Ultras (and other drinks offered by other diners) along the way and talked story with us at the end. She explained that at the suggestion of Dr. Shintani she's made more items on the menu vegetarian/vegan. Just note on your order - vegetarian, no eggs, or vegan - whatever suits your fancy. She said her soups are vegetable-based broth - no chicken bone, no beef bone, etc.I left the restaurant with a great colorful story about our dining experience and a great appreciation for veggie-friendly Korean cuisine! Been craving that bi bim bap! I think the Korean dining experience with AKL was a bonding one for us! Shared my dining adventure with my officemates - now they want to go experience AKL too!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,11/6/2012,144,174,11,10,8>-Disclaimer-*I do not condone or encourage the use of drugs in any other way than what they are intended for.*So, I enthusiastically give Da Falafel King 5 Stars.  This was my first time here and the food and service were top notch - But - I do need to state that I was high on opium at the time.  You see, I was seeing a movie with a friend of mine who was prescribed pharmaceutical opium for an illness and I (shamefully) snuck a swig of it when he stepped out of the theatre to use the restroom.  (He's not aware of this so hopefully he doesn't read this review.)When I think of opium, I imagine a bunch of people strung out in a euphoric haze, in a dark back room of some seedy place in chinatown.  It wasn't really like that for me.  It was more like a heightened sense of awareness, a very very happy awareness.  The colors of everything seemed more vibrant and I had a strange feeling of positiveness about life in general.  Believe me, this was a profoundly different feeling for me.Anyway, this review is not about opium but about Da Falafel King.So, about an hour after the movie ended,  I started to feel hungry and suggested we try here.  I've heard so many good things about this place so I was eager to check it out.  We got here early enough to beat the main dinner rush so getting a table was quick.  For our entrees, we ordered a sampler plate which consisted of falafels, sausages, and fish, and also ordered a shwarma sandwich.  Before the main dishes came out,  we were served a bunch of small appetizer plates that had various marinated veggies like carrots, cucumbers, and corn, babaganoush, and a serving of hummus with homemade fried pita chips. All of the food was incredibly tasty (and seemed extremely colorful, i think because of the effects of the opium)  but my favorites were the shwarma sandwich and the falafels.   The sandwich had just the right balance of ingredients inside of a soft pita and the falafels were lightly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside...perfect.After the meal,  they even offered us some warm tea and a taste of their homemade baklava.  Like the rest of the meal, this was also very delicious.  I was totally stuffed otherwise I would've tried other dishes.  I'm really looking forward to the next time I eat here.On a side note.The next day, and actually the day after that,  I felt like I had the worse hangover, ever.  I guess that was my body's way of letting me know how stupid I was for taking the opium.  Serves me right..hehe.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,11/5/2012,231,150,3,22,7>I live in Town and as everyone knows, there are plenty of vets in town....in fact, I've been to 4 of them.My boyfriend is a doctor here and we adopted a Senior cat a year ago who has had a plethora of medical issues. Based on great reviews, I went to the VCA and the vet there was pretty timid about treating her stomatitis (just gave us antibiotics). My cat was great for 3 months and slowly stopped eating her food. We took her back to see the same vet, same treatment except this time, my cat got blood work done to make sure she didn't have renal failure. When my boyfriend asked what a good ______ level was, the vet said, I don't really know the computers tell us. Weird! I read online that extracting teeth is the safest and BEST approach for cats with stomatitis because it never gets better, it only gets worse. The doctor didn't want to pull her teeth out because he said the odds are 50/50 in terms of favorable outcome.Fast-forward 4 months, I take my cat to Kalihi Pet Clinic. I love Dr. Lau, he gave her a corticosteroid shot but also said it wouldn't work for very long and she would probably need chronic antibiotic treatment. He also said surgery would be 50/50. However, what I appreciated about him was pricing. Everything was reasonably priced and he was a better vet than who we had at the VCA.Fast-forward 3 weeks, my cat really diminished in the amount she was eating because her mouth hurt. Kalihi only takes patients on Saturdays and it was Tuesday so we called the VCA and made an appointment with a different vet. This vet, whom we saw on Thursday, immediately said that my cat's teeth needed to go (which I VERY much appreciated)...but we'd have to wait for his surgical day...which was the following Tuesday. We said sure we can wait a couple of days and were sent home with a 2200 dollar estimate and some antibiotics. I then called Kalihi Pet Clinic to get an estimate (because I felt 2200 was a bit high) and they told us 750 for a total mouth extraction...so we changed our extraction until the following week with Kalihi.However, everything changed that weekend. Saturday, my cat stopped eating. We called Kalihi but it was after noon so no one was answering the phone. We called the Emergency Vet Clinic would told us that Feather and Fur would definitely be open. We called F&F and they immediately booked us in for an appointment, after hours, and we went to Kailua.THE STAFF WAS AMAZING. Dr. Hancock was incredibly knowledgeable and immediately said to keep our cat overnight to give her fluids and pain meds and that she would be scheduled for surgery the next day...(Prince Kuhio day...when all the other vet offices were closed). She kept us entirely in the loop and called to let us know about her blood and urinalysis samples.To be safe, she kept her again over night post-op to monitor her bleeding and give her pain medication because animals are often hard to manage at home the day of an operation. We gladly conceded!When we picked up our bill which included pain meds, blood and urine panels, major surgery, 2 days board, physical exams, anesthesia, etc etc. it TOTALED 1060. I thought this to be INCREDIBLY fair considering her treatment and the vet's thorough medical knowledge.It doesn't end there though...when we went to pick up our cat, the vet tech showed us the proper way to administer pain medication so we wouldn't have to just base our administering off a sheet of paper, something I very much appreciated. I also called early this morning to ask about what time I should give her more meds, and a different vet tech knew all about my cat and her temperament and was saying things like: "yeah, she was  ____ but she likes ____, it'll make her purr while giving meds..." Everyone at the hospital had a thorough understanding of her and her treatment!!BEST. VET. CLINIC. EVER.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,11/4/2012,123,77,7,12,11>A GREAT dive experience!I've lived on island for four years, and I've always wanted to get certified for scuba diving. Finally took advantage of a Living Social special this company was offering for open water PADI certification (reg. $400, offered for $200). Best money I ever spent! My first encounters with the company were via phone, as I relayed my voucher information and received an emailed Internet link where I would complete my "classroom" training. Having passed the final exam, I was ready to book my dives with Ocean Legends. Showed up at 9 a.m. on a Thursday. Store was already open, and I met Nate, my instructor. Another student was there for her cert dives, too. I don't know if OL's cert classes are usually this small (i.e., we were a group of two), but having such a small group meant we didn't have to share our instructor's top-notch attention with anyone. After a quick quiz (to verify that we didn't pay someone else to take our online finals for us), we were fitted with BCDs, regulators, wet suits, and the whole thing. Nate was great about making sure we were comfortable with our gear before we hit the water. And Hannah, the store manager, was also on hand, offering the occasional nugget of support and help. Poor Nate really earned his paycheck on our Day One dives, as my poor fellow student found herself getting sick to her stomach (from the movement of the ocean). Nate was fantastic. Incredibly patient, very quick to offer helpful suggestions, and he made sure she was okay. I've heard of other instructors getting all bent out of shape, like it's wrecking THEIR day or something. Nate kept the priorities in sharp focus: Ensure the safety and comfort of his students. Kudos, Nate, for taking such great care of our poor ill student. I guess my point, here, is that I was able to witness firsthand the TLC you get from the OL staff. Suffice to say, on Day Two it was just me and Nate (one on one instruction!). I had a little congestion in my left ear from the previous day's dives, so it took me a little longer to equalize my ears while descending on Day Two. But I was able to signal to Nate, and he responded deftly, signaling me to ascend a few feet while I worked out the pressure. I never felt rushed or that I was in any way letting down my instructor. Nate was there to help. Pretty soon I was able to equalize and relax at the bottom. Nate ran me through my skills like a champ, and his directions were clear and well-honed. His methods were well organized and easy to follow. The payoff was that we were able to breeze through my skill demos and use my remaining air to spend more time looking around in the ocean! I can't say enough positive things about Hannah, Nate, Mike, and the rest of the staff. This is a top-notch dive outfit. I noticed other reviewers complaining about having to wait around the shop for long periods of time, staff being late to appointments, etc. This was never an issue for me. Besides, it's Hawaii. Folks who live here tend to adopt a more laid-back approach. Residents know it's okay to sacrifice a little time to ensure we're being careful, and that we're taking the time to relate to one another. So long as mainlanders bear this in mind, they'll have a fantastic time. (That advice goes pretty much for all things Hawaii--not just one dive shop!) I know I've made some new friends at Ocean Legends. I know you will, too.  :)A hui hou!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,11/3/2012,221,118,4,16,9>I'm going to make this short and sweet.---- This UFC gym is 1000000 times better than any 24 hour fitness on this island!!!The gym is HUGE.They have a great big cardio area with treadmills, elipticals, stair masters, etc. right as you enter the gym to your right. On the left of that you will find the kids club (great for parents who want to work out even on mommy/daddy duty!) , then the room where the youth have their classes as well as the fitness studio where the fitness classes are held.Right after that you will see the big octagon in the middle - you can train in here if there are no classes going on, so awesome! To the right of that is an area with astro turf, great for those training that are into football.After that there are tons and tons of weight machines. Very spacious, unlike 24 hour where you are a foot away from the next machine! Towards the back left of the machines, there is a matted room where you can do grappling and in the back of the gym there is a punching bag room.Take a look at this if you need a more visual image - ufcgym.com/locations/hon…There are also TONS OF CLASSES from zumba to boxing! The classes are slpit up: ulimate classes and fitness classes. If you have the ultimate membership you can take ALL classes. If you have a fitness membershit you can only take fitness classes. Some of the more popular classes are DUT (Daily Ultimate Training), Muay Thai, Boxing, MMA.Here is the class schedule, but you will need to check daily - ufcgym.com/locations/hon…Sauna and showers in the locker room. Also hairdryers and lotion in the ladies locker room.Then of course the Arm Bar, serving up smoothies and other healthy items! Always nice to be able to grab a protein filled smoothie after a hard workout, right?!You will probably see me here more than I want to be here.... or I might see you here.... if you get what I am saying ;)
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,11/2/2012,216,89,7,10,7>If you wanna talk about karaoke bars, this is one of the hottest places to be! Okay, it's not 'crackin' all night long, but if you're with the right group of people, there's tons of fun to be had. Let me break it down for you. You come through the doors and the ambiance and lighting is somewhat dim, but very cool and snazzy. To your left is a bar, across the bar are four private karaoke rooms (free to rent, mind you!), and you have nice white leather seating in the middle. Now if that doesn't get you, I don't know what will.Let's get into more detail: Each room is equipped with two songbooks, remotes, mics, a TV, and a light dimmer! Sometimes, the remotes that go with the songbooks don't work, and you have to call in the workers to help you out with it. If you don't know someone who hasn't been here before, you might need a lot of help with how the buttons work, actually. Not that bad, because they usually tend to your requests if you're nice about it!Appetizers are available for purchase, with last call  usually an hour or two before closing. I don't think they allow outside food, so no funny business! The prices are not at all bad, and they have a pretty decent menu selection - good compliments to the drinks, which they also have a good selection of. Did I mention Yogurt Soju? You absolutely have to try it.Parking: Ooh, that's a tough one. Try to park in there and you might get stuck if you want to leave early. I suggest you park on the street.Bathrooms: Yes, and it's nice and clean for the most part.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,11/1/2012,85,146,4,5,6>I feel a bit odd reviewing a convenience store but I'm always pleasantly surprised at how different it is from a typical one. You can tell from the layout and the eclectic range of products that whoever is in charge has put a lot of effort, time and energy into their business. In my opinion that is incredibly refreshing. Sure, some of the products can be a little tacky (tourist bric-a-brac) or a little pricy but it's far superior to a soulless conglomerate like 7-Eleven.A list of product types they have in the store -* A range of candies and dried fruit that you typically won't see. They look as if they were packaged on the premises, but I couldn't say for sure.* Hawaiiana and Egyptian souvenirs ranging from dolls to small statues.* Makeup. Lots of makeup and other feminine targeted products such as purses.* Lots of snacks ranging from snowballs to pound cakes.The cold case of fruit and vegetables made me immensely happy. Best little vegetable platter I've ever had. I also purchased a packet of dried guava which I feel is hard to come by. I really enjoyed it and liked that it wasn't overtly sugary.The cashier was an extremely sweet woman. We asked why there were Egyptian items for sale which she was more than happy to tell us. The owners are an Egyptian family according to her. She also told us how happy she is working for them and will stay there as long as possible. That's something you rarely see anymore.Oh, and if you spend at least $5 they will validate your ticket. I believe it may just cover up to two hours.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,10/31/2012,90,144,2,8,6>I was hesitant to come to Bernini Honolulu because of the mixed reviews.  I was pleasantly surprised.  We were greeted and seated promptly.  Our waiter was a great guy, and very personable.  I like light wines like Pinot Noir, and he recommended several good ones.  He was also gave us the appropriate amount of attention.We ordered an appetizer, an entree each, a bottle of wine,  and two desserts.  I ordered the crab linguine - excellent, but rather rich tasting.  They weren't skimpy on the crab meat either.  I can't remember the name of the dessert, but it was a white peach pie that wasn't too sweet - just the way I like it.  Espresso topped the dessert off.Downside - The restaurant is a lot smaller than the pictures, and I would have preferred not to sit so close to another party.  Also, the parking lot is tiny - only 8 stalls situated diagonally so you have to reverse out.  There was a larger car parked on the opposite side and next to me - so it was extremely difficult to get out.  4 stars.  Not five star because of the parking and close seating.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,10/30/2012,593,140,2,8,8>Three words straight to point:BEAUTY. ON A. BUDGEThaha okay kinda 4 but thats pretty much the best I can describe for this place.For me, the service is great, I can talk story with Brian who did my lashes most recent, hes awesome. I can't really compare to any other experience because I really only go here for extensions.They can last up to 3 weeks just don't rub your eyes and don't use oil-based makeup remover.Warning: they will tangle or get all messy and uncontrollable and the most you can do is just brush them. It happens because your natural lashes are growing which pretty much tells you its time for a refill. I honestly don't know where the parking is located so I usually park at Alamoana closer to Macys and just walk down and across the street and the appointment just takes about 15-20 minutes. If its your first time, go with short/ medium length lashes. If you're brave and want them to really show go with the sexy lashes medium/long length lashes they stand out and look beautiful! Price? $35 for Kama'aina discount! They're not limited to just eyelash extensions, they do nails and they also curl natural lashes. So don't wait if you're lazy and tired of putting on mascara and curling your lashes everyday, get them eye lash extensions for cheap!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,10/29/2012,411,273,22,19,17>Typically, I balk at paying high prices fo' manini (small) kine portions.  Call it a throwback to my small kid time welfare/public housing roots + being raised poor, but I appreciate and love getting mo' value fo' my dollah.  At da same time, though, as I get older, I've learned to appreciate such things as quality and taste.  It's the difference between purchasing a $4 pair of Locals slippahs from Longs Drugs vs. a $65 pair of OluKai slippahs.  One is cheap, made in China, and gonna wear down + likely stay bussup within a year + da other one is pricey, but made by a local company whose founder is a Punahou graduate, used to design shoes fo' Nike, comes with a 2-year warranty against manufacturer's defects, and offers much-needed arch support.  I wear rubbah slippahs every single day, so it's worth shelling out da funds fo' sumting das heavily utilized + offers all da accoutrements I need.Food, Janice, food.  Focus on food and not rubbah slippahs.  I've been here several times, and unfortunately, it's usually during lunchtime and/or late afternoon wen da best stuff has already sold out.  Some tips ....1. GO EARLY FOR BEST SELECTIONMost of da good stuff sells out early in da day.2. MUST TRIES: - JELLY AU LAIT (coffee or earl gray tea jelly w/whipped cream + choice of milk or soy milk) -  Be shua to mix it all good 'cuz it's 'ono only wen stay all blended together.- CHOUX A LA CREME (cream puff filled with custard cream) - It's like a Beard Papa's one on crack!- LA MACHA (green tea mousse w/chocolate sponge underneath) - Delicate, light, and elegant.  I could eat da whole damn cake if I could afford it!- GATEAU AU FRAISE (signature strawberry shortcake, layers of light & moist sponge cake w/fresh whipped cream + sliced strawberries) - My fiance tinks it's j'like a regular strawberry shortcake, but I dig it.  3. PORTIONS ARE MANINI (SMALL), BUT IS MADE UP IN TASTE/QUALITY.Trust me, spending $4 - $5 on a sliver of cake would give my single mother who raised 3 young children on her own a heart attack, but it's worth the indulgence.  I don't go there every week or even every month.  It's great to indulge yourself every now and again.  Be careful, though.  It's easy to spend $30, $40, on up wanting to taste and try everything.  For affordability and value, stick with da drinks + cream puffs.4. CASH/MAJOR CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED.5. LOCATED NEAR MACY'S WING OF ALA MOANA NEAR BARNES + NOBLE.REVIEW #218
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,10/28/2012,181,73,5,9,8>Being a [local] Japanese gal, I have a penchant for all things oishii (yummy) & kawaii (cute) & Marukai is the perfect place to get my shop on. At $10 a year for membership, the fee is more than worth it. You get access to tons of Japanese specialty items, along with produce, meats, etc at great prices; they send you a weekly ad so you know what's on sale. If you go during late morning/lunch time, they often have samplings & demos; just this past week my toddler got a mini lunch of tarako (fish roe) over rice, castella cake, dorayaki (pancakes filled with azuki bean), & fried fishcake. I prefer coming here over the Ward location (there's more selection & it's better stocked) & Don Quijote, which just seems way more crowded & chaotic.A few of my favorite items:-Harris Ranch shabu shabu beef: I love my shabu shabu & this beef is tasty & has the perfect amount of marbling. Just boil a pot of water, stir in a packet of dashi (soup base) & cook a couple of trays of this meat with some bok choy, won bok, etc. Dip in ponzu sauce & eat over hot rice...Yum! My husband prefers it Korean style & dips his beef in roasted salt & sesame oil but to each their own.-Mekabu: Found in the freezer section, these cups of slimy seaweed may look gnarly but don't be offput; they're delish! My little girl likes to eat it straight out of the container but I'm sure it would also be yummy on hot rice. It's advertised as being high in fucoidan which is supposedly linked to benefits to the immune system, as well as thyroid & digestive health.-Pocky & Pretz: What Japanese kid didn't love both of these growing up. These yummy savory (Pretz) & sweet (Pocky) biscuit sticks totally remind me of my childhood. Mommies, they're a great snack to keep tucked away in your purse for your kiddo...Or for you.-S&B tarako pasta sauce: I'm a fan of the tarako pasta they offer at Genuis Lounge & Pietro's & this is an affordable way to enjoy it at home. Just cook your noodles, squeeze in the packet, & toss. They're even given you a cute little packet of nori slivers for garnish! I've also bought the ume pasta sauce but haven't tried it yet.-Melon pudding cups: You can find these little gems in the refrigerated section. My daughter loves these! Bright orange & jiggly, they taste like a perfectly ripened cantaloupe. They go on sale pretty frequently.-Milky candy: Look for a bright red bag with a cute, little cartoon girl emblazoned across the front. These candies are like crack. I can seriously eat the whole bag in one sitting if I let myself.These are just a small example of the kinds of awesome things available at Marukai. So sign up for membership & find your own favorites!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,10/27/2012,328,504,6,16,13>After reading multiple reviews and observing countless check-ins from other Yelpers, I finally found time to visit this hidden gem of a bakeshop for myself.  Well, as the saying goes, it was definitely worth the wait.LOCATION:  Sugarlina Bakeshop is located in the Pearl Kai Shopping Center across the street from Pearlridge shopping center.  The entrance faces the main area of the parking lot towards Powerhouse gym.Although the bakeshop is small (actually smaller than I expected), it is clean and well-kept, and has a very simple but elegant feel and look to it.  I'll be honest and state that I was primarily wanting to try the macarons, and possibly 1 or 2 cupcakes.  There were only 3 flavors of macarons available when I visited, and these were mango, vanilla, and coffee.  Since I had other errands to run, it didn't occur to me to ask the salesgirl if they offered other flavors or if certain flavors were already sold out for the day.  In the end, I ordered 1 of each macaron and 1 red velvet cupcake to go.  I truly appreciated that the take out box was designed specifically in mind for their baked goods, as there is a package insert that holds their products tightly to prevent any kind of shifting.Out of the 3 macarons, my favorite was the vanilla! So good!  The mango was a close second, and the coffee macaron was just ok in my humble opinion.  I was truly impressed with the texture and flavor of the macarons......simply delicious and a guilty pleasure to enjoy.  I liked the red velvet cupcake as well, very good indeed!  I'll have to return to try more of their cupcakes in the future.SERVICE:  There was only 1 salesgirl at the counter, and she was quite friendly and polite.  When I arrived there was 1 couple ahead of me, and I appreciated that she took the time to acknowledge me and informed me that she would help me momentarily.PRICE:  1)  Cupcakes are $2.95 each, $17 for half dozen, or $33 for one dozen.2)  Macarons are $1.85 each, or $21 for one dozen.I am interested in trying more cupcake flavors, but I do have to admit the price per individual cupcake is slightly pricey.  NOTE:  Credit cards, namely Visa and MC, are accepted.Bottom Line:  Good service and delicious baked goods!  I'll be back.....especially to try more of the cupcake selections.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,10/26/2012,221,283,12,12,11>I've loved this place since I first came here over 10 years ago. This was possibly my first positive introduction to greek food and to lamb. Now days, my favorite food is greek food and my favorite is (duh, do I need to say it?) LAMB!  And it's all thanks to Olive Tree.My first bite of lamb souvlaki and I was smitten like Aphrodite was smitten with Adonis, like Hades was smitten with Persephone, like Zeus was smitten with... anything that had two legs (sometimes four). Just a bit of Greek mythology humor for you.Anyway, did I mention I took 3 years of Greek language and thought in college? Or that I'm pursuing it as a PhD. DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS?! OLIVE TREE CAFE MAY HAVE DIRECTED THE ENTIRE COURSE OF MY LIFE!!!Amazeballs, right? Or as we'd say in Greek... well, we'd never say amazeballs in Greek. We're too highly educated for that.The point is the food here is fantastic, and as demonstrated in my TRUE account of my experience here - life changing! Literally!My favorite is the souvlaki, any of them are a good choice. I also like the mussels, which are super fresh and tasty. I have to sheepishly admit (hey, are ewe catching all these lamb references?) that I don't stray too far from my herd of favorites to try new things because I love my favs so much. But, for the sake of being a better yelper, I am determined to try new menu items and describe them in detail to you.However, the most important thing is that you meander alongside Kahala Mall, find this hidden treasure, cash in hand (cash only!) and grab your greek grub!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,10/25/2012,243,146,5,7,9>Everything here is just so freakin' tasty!  I always try something new and it is always orgasmic.  Last visit my posse and I tried the alligator.  Yum!Even though everything here is tasty, I do have a favorite dish: the oxtails.  I don't know what it's Cuban fancy name is, but its delicious.  My favorite part is sucking all cartilage off the bones.  It's very feminine, really! (not). Their mojitos are awesome too.  And three.  And four.  Thankfully, they make them virgin for gals like me too!We always make a reservation.  Its always packed and the place is small so we always want to make sure that we're guaranteed a spot if we're driving all that way.  Might want to do that too, if you're Leeward folk. I'm not a townie, so I rarely come here, mostly due to the parking situation.  I don't understand one-way streets and non-existant parking in downtown Honolulu! Oh yeah... and plantains...drooooooool....
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,10/24/2012,339,137,5,15,11>We knew that ordering a whole pizza would take 40-45 minutes to bake (based on the info other Yelpers gave us here) so we called ahead of time on Friday at 7pm and told the woman on the phone (we didn't get an answer the first time we called) that we had a Groupon for "a Deep-Dish Pizza Meal for Two with Two Domestic Beers". She was very helpful and had a bubbly personality that put me at ease. Since Friday was "First Friday" down in Chi-Town she told me we'd have to dine-in before 9pm since the Groupon clearly states "not valid during First Friday events". I told her that was fine and said we'd be down there by 8pm. We ordered a half and half pizza with mushrooms, pepperoncinis, and onions on my side and green peppers on his side. If you plan on ordering half and half don't expect your toppings to stay on your side of the pizza. It's not the chef's fault, just the way this deep dish pizza is. It's much like an open potpie full of delicious tomatoes, cheese and any toppings you want mixed in. Once we arrived we had our IDs checked at the door and went inside Soho to wait for our pizza. It came out right on time and was the perfect temperature. Not burn-your-mouth-off-hot and not been-sitting-for-awhile-lukewarm; just right. I noticed some reviewers ended up with lukewarm pizza when theirs came out; fortunately ours was served to us at the right temp. Because we're non-drinkers the bf and I ordered some sodas instead and enjoyed our pizza as we watched the Olympics overhead. We both ended up eating two slices and had to take the last two home. I was STUFFED! I probably should have only had one slice, but it was so good and I was so hungry that I just had to have a second slice. The pepperoncinis added a nice spicy bite to my slices and I found out that the woman who took my order had actually gone out and bought more pepperoncinis when they realized they were out of them. They didn't have a callback number for me so she stepped up to the plate and came through for a customer. Now THAT'S service! We'll be back to get some more deep dish pizza. Especially since it tastes just as great when you warm it up in the microwave! Food that's good even as leftovers is always a win!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,10/23/2012,212,91,10,17,10>I would talk about the food, but I think that this information is VITAL to know:On my second visit, I asked the waitress to educate me about the history of the restaurant.  She stated, "the owner was from Mexico.  Later in his life, he opened his restaurant in El Paso, TX.  Then, he moved to Oahu and has been serving food for the last 15 years."  THAT IS PRETTY AUTHENTIC!To carry on: Personally, I know a great Mexican restaurant when I eat there.  First, I AM half MEXICAN and have been raised on Mexican food since I came out of the womb.  Second, I have consumed so much Mexican food, my consumption of food can feed the entire population of Oahu. Third, I cook Mexican food.  How did I stumble across this restaurant?  It wasn't yelp but by word of mouth:For the last two years, I was on the search to find the best Mexican food on the island.    Every local and resident of Oahu kept brining up different places.  I would check out the restaurants and would ultimately leave unsatisfied. Then, in the month of February, I was working in a Wahiawa clinic and spoke with a local born and raised in Oahu.  He suggested that I try out El Palenque.  I have been a fan since that my first meal. More Info: The restaurant can be found easily due to the large Mexican flag on the side of the building.  The place looks like a hole in the wall because it is.  But the food is fresh and tasty.  The food is a little pricey because the plates cost between $11-13 compared to the mainlaind, which cost roughly $7-9.  Anyway, keep these pearls in mind.  An authentic Mexican family owns the restaurant.  A Mexican approves the food.  A local from Oahu suggests this restaurant.  And there is a Mexican flag on the restaurant's wall.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,10/22/2012,371,155,12,14,14>All you need to know about Tango is they put magic in their hollandaise sauce. They make a few variations of eggs benedict and, if they use the same magic sauce on all of them, they're all AMAZING!Emi H. and I were famished after working at the Banana Man 5k last Saturday and needed to refuel before the City Solve Urban Race. She suggested Tango. I know it is always in my best interest to listen to Emi when it comes to places to eat. I would be a fool not to! This was no exception. Tango is amazing.I had the crab hash benedict which was like eating a delictible combination of crabcakes and eggs with magic sauce. I tried Emi's Swedish Pancakes, which were like little fruit-covered crepes. I think they sprinked magic in these, too.The best part is, you get an "upscale" breakfast cafe dining experience for a reasonable price! I think my benedict was around $10. I can't wait to go back to try their lunch menu!Bathroom Bonus: I'm a bathroom person. I use the restroom almost everywhere I go and I must say, Tango has a wonderful restroom! 5-stars for happy bottoms and clean hands!!! :)
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,10/21/2012,835,537,16,17,14>Another birthday bash for the BF... an experience at an indoor gun range! The Royal Hawaiian Shooting Club is located on the 4th floor of the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center in Waikiki. Parking is validated for the first hour, and it is $1 an hour thereafter for up to 3 hours. Open from 11AM-11PM Mon-Sat. Open from 12PM-11PM on Sun. Last session begins at 10:30PM. Reservations are accepted but no necessary. Walk ins welcome. They offer a 20% kama'aina discount (with valid Hawaii ID) Military discount as well as law enforcement discounts are available as well.The facility is very clean and organized. They have the reception desk where you pay, and a store with t shirts, tank tops, pens, cups, shooting glasses, and many other items. There are also 2 small couches in a waiting area. The staff. Oh my the staff. WONDERFUL! I had called on 2 separate occasions to inquire about rates, safety, the courses, etc. Both times Aiko was friendly, knowledgable, and patient answering all of my questions. You get a 15 minute 'briefing' prior to going to the range. I forgot the name of the guy that taught the course (I think George??), but he was extremely knowledgable and patient. He explained each gun, how to hold it, how to position your body, how it functions, and how to do everything correctly and most importantly safely! You even get to choose a gun of your liking and take a picture with a bull's eye as your background. I thought I looked horrible in the picture but the BF was insistent on purchasing it! How cute is he... anyway it was $13 and it was a regular 4x6 photograph with no frame. Michael was our instructor on the range. It's very warm on the range but it may be low A/C in addition to adrenaline! He was awesome! He reloads your weapons for you and gives you tips on shooting in between rounds. He's very cool and he doesn't intimidate you at all. They have a few courses to choose from. I was skuurrred but my BF said I HAD to shoot with him, so I ended up getting the "Orchid" course which is $60 (discounts do NOT apply. It includes:3 firearmsS&W Revolver (20 shots)Semi-Automatic Rifle (20 shots)Semi-Automatic Pistol (12 shots)The revolver was a little heavy for me but I did pretty good with my shooting. The rifle was easy to shoot and kind of boring. The pistol was my favorite to shoot and this is where I got a bull's eye (woohoo!)My BF got the "Super" course which is $147 (discount applies). It includes:6 large caliber firearmsGlock 17 9mmBeretta 92F 9mm1911 A-1 Government .45 caliberHK USC .45 caliber.357 Magnum Revolver.44 Magnum RevolverThe BF had soooooooo much fun! I'm not sure which one was his favorite because he enjoyed all of them!They also have a "Royal" course which is $117. It includes:6 firearms.22 caliber revolver.22 caliber semi-automatic (Rifle and Handgun)9mm semi-automtic handgun.45 caliber semi-automatic handgun.38 special revolverSince we were celebrating my BF's birthday, he gave him an extra round of one of his guns (.44 magnum revolver). Michael also let me shoot one of my BF's guns once. It was the same .44 magnum revolver. OH HOLY HELL!! That gun has MAJOR kick (recoil)... I freakin SCREAMED! I would like to say that my aim is pretty damn good as I didn't miss ANY shots with ANY of my guns on my target... but Michael said that I had a "magic bullet" (meaning who the heck knows where the bullet went because it did NOT go onto the target lol) but this gun SCARED THE LIVING SH!T OUTTA ME!!! It was definitely a RUSH and at least I can say that I tried but I'll stick to the easy ones hahaha!Oh and just FYI... as you shoot, the glass door behind you has no curtains, so people walking by can watch you shoot. I had NO audience during my session, up until Michael offered to let me shoot the magnum, and then of course a crowd of 5 people watched me scream after shooting... oh well at least they got a laugh... probably laughing WITH me AND AT me... teeheehee! :pA course will take about 30 minutes to complete. So we basically burned $200 in 30 minutes. It goes by SO fast but it's SO fun! After your purchase a course, they even have a membership card that you get which allows you to choose specific guns to shoot on your next visit. So you can mix and match your fave guns or try new ones! Way cool!Although pricey, I would definitely recommend this place. It's something different and fun! Great location, lots of parking, exceptionally friendly staff, clean facility, and most importantly, SAFE! DO IT!!! We'll be baaaaaaaack! (but I won't shoot the .44 magnum again!) :p
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,10/20/2012,1117,333,8,15,14>We came here before going to the Pacific Ink & Art Expo. I must have past Harry's Cafe hundreds of times and really had no interest in eating here till I read Anthony C. review on this place. So I thought what a perfect time to eat here since we going to the Expo. (Thank You Anthony C. for your review! Spot On!).We found parking on the street and walked in to Harry's Cafe, I looked around, the counter has some stools open but decided to take the open table in the corner. We seated ourselves and soon were greeted by our server. (I'm mean fast when I say soon). She took our order for water, coffee and said she would be right back.  Now comes the fun part...which to me is cool..the food menu is spread out all around on the walls! yelp.com/biz_photos/Z0YJ…Of course there is a stand holding a board with the Specials written on it. This cafe is a throw back in time and I felt so comfortable, It was like eating in somebody's Moms old house in Kaimuki/Kapahulu area. ( If you can relate to that)I order the Lup Chong W/2 eggs and fried rice $7.75  yelp.com/biz_photos/Z0YJ…I really enjoyed the sweetness of the Lup Chong and how it was cooked really well.Fried rice wasn't loaded with all the goodies but I finally found someone who puts the same amount of oyster sauce as me! I mean finally! The other dish was a scrambled eggs and rice w/Portuguese Sausage.The eggs were scrambled well as request and the sausage were very tasty.Finally the Service: 5 STARS (If I could give her 6 Stars I would)It has been awhile since I received such great and friendly service. I should use the word  Super Attentive for this server! Awsume!I'd be a fool not to come back here again and eat when I'm in the area! Thanks again for your review Anthony C. ( you too Misty P.)!!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,10/19/2012,588,341,10,18,19>I've gotta echo Thomas O.'s shock and disbelief that Street Frites isn't the talk of the town yet... perhaps its because it is only at select events you will have the pleasure of trying their sinfully crispy generous portions of french fries along with creative toppings and a plethora of dipping sauces.I was initially introduced to Street Frites at Eat the Street's Birthday Luau.  I was immediately drawn in by the smell of fried goodness and when I saw their special offer for the night, I couldn't resist: A cone of fries with kalua pig and servied with creamy lomi salmon and black pepper dip.  AMAZING!To top it off, the woman serving was so friendly and though she was super busy was kind enough to describe all the various dipping sauces they offered (there are a LOT!) and offered to let me try a couple.My next encounter was at the Yelp Uncaged party at the Honolulu Zoo where they were the only food vendor continuing to serve the last to leave stragglers at the party even though they were down to just two sauces - good ole ketchup and ... chocolate!   IMHO anything with fresh hot fried potatoes is a winner, even chocolate!  Next time you see this stand at any food fairs or events, do yourself a favor and visit!  Otherwise you'll live a life of regret...until the next food festival!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,10/18/2012,1950,141,13,23,23>The service is excellent! The two girls working the last time i stopped by to grab lunch were very friendly and courteous. The food is uber fresh! I've tried just about all of the salads on the menu and they were all delicious.You can order a signature salad or have them custom make one for you. My fave salads- Mandarin Ginger : Grilled Chicken breast, mandarin orange slices, almonds, julienne carrots, green onions, snow peas & crispy wontons on a bed of mixed spring greens. The salad comes sprinkled w/sesame seeds and Asian ginger dressing. This salad is not only refreshing but super yummy as well :)- Kahuku Spinach : Grilled Tiger Shrimp, bacon, avacado & eggs on a bed of Spinach leaves with papaya dressing. I love everything about this salad. It's hearty and super yummy!- The Goddess : Papaya, avocado &  pine nuts on a bed of mixed field greens with Goddess dressing. This salad is simple but so delicious.   Besides salads they also offer signature sandwiches, fruit bowls and soup. I've tried a few of the sandwiches and they were fresh but I'm not a big fan of them. The soups however are amazing! The tomato bisque is yumm to the yumm! It comes garnished with Parmesan cheese & basil. Also warm pita bread on the side :) I would say that it's the best tomato bisque I've ever had but it's a close second with Nordstrom's cafe taking the crown. It is definitely the best you'll find on the Windward side :)This place is fantastic! Food is great! The service is wonderful! The prices are higher end but sooooo worth it! Next time your in search of a healthy alternative meal, give this place a try I'm sure you wont regret it :)
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,10/17/2012,132,164,14,15,14>YATAIMURAAAAAAA...........(said in a samurai-sumo announcerish voice)Hmm, a beer garden surrounded by zillions of different food options?That serves CHEAP draft beer? Located in the largest outdoor mall in the nation? I'd have to say that a woman must've come up with this idea. Seriously, how much more brilliant could this be? Problem: Husband/boyfriend hates shopping with you. Solution: The Yataimura beer garden, where you can leave said husband/boyfriend to eat, drink, and be merry; while you are free to do a couple hours of uninterrupted shopping. Or if you love $2 draft kirins & curry like I do, you can stop by for dinner after your shopping.  It's a total win-win situation! Even the pickiest eater is sure to find something they'd like: curry, ramen, tonkatsu, okonomiyaki, udon, sushi, Korean bentos, spam musubis, Beard Papa, crepes, etc. Go early (5-5:30 pm) to get a table and you just might end up staying there til closing like I did last week! When you're with friends, surrounded by good food & cheap beer, it's a (low-key) parrrrtyyyyy! Smartest thing Shirokiya ever did, in my opinion.Yatta! Yatta! Yatta!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,10/16/2012,85,239,8,6,3>Sinful and heavenly all at once, the creme brulee donut at Regal Bakery is THE holy grail of donuts that will woo your tastebuds with it's soft pillowy texture, cream filled center and crisp burnt sugary crust.  If you're on a diet, just fuggetaboutit!  To quote Mark Y., "...diet schmiet."  I've passed by the obscenely large pink glazed donut in the window many a time, and finally broke down and dragged Chris J. early in the morning to check out Regal Bakery's revered donuts.  All that stood between us and nirvana was an irritating donut diva who could not decide what to order. You've had that moment, I'm sure, where you can see that the bakery case is nearly empty as the diva orders everything you want.  What's even more infuriating is that she can barely count, and has to keep asking the counter person how many donuts she's ordered. Um, that was 6, yes 6 donuts, ma'am.  Argh.  Thankfully, another counter person came out to help take orders.  So as diva repeatedly counts "1, 2, 3, ... " we hopefully ask if there are more creme brulee donuts. Yesss!  Our order takes less than 10 seconds.... creme brulee, chocolate (oreo cookie) crunch, nutty choco crunch, vanilla sprinkles, orange sprinkles, green tea glazed and walnut crunch.  Sadly, no maple bacon or the popular berry blast. Obviously, we must. go. back!We pay a ridiculously cheap amount (thanks Living Social for the deal!) and drive back to the office where the delicious treats are attacked by hungry coworkers like vultures on road kill.   Meanwhile, diva is still at the counter asking the bakery staff to re-count her donuts.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,10/15/2012,304,150,6,11,10>WOOHOO!  That's how I felt after eating here :).Came here because of all the raging reviews and what a great decision that was.  After always going to Sweet Home Cafe week after week, we decided to get back to our roots and try some Japanese style nabe.  At Sweet Home we usually spend about $35 for the two of us and over here was only like $21!  Yay for saving $$ :).Anyways, we went with the Kalbi and Chicken shabu shabu set with the Spicy Umakara broth.  It came with a lot so it was enough for us to split. The broth itself was really tasty; not too spicy but still had a nice flavor. Didn't care too much for the chicken cause it overcooked too easily and became a little dry.  The beef was really good though.  We also ordered a side of enoki mushrooms because enoki mushrooms are delicious. As far as their sauces go, very Asian.  They've only got three choices with the ginger being my fave.  But you know what's even better?....Mixing all three sauces!! Yep you should try it next time :).What I like about this place is that the broth is nice and flavorful but not salty like Taiwanese hot pot.  At Sweet Home I could drink the broth like a soup, but over here it's what it is; a broth.  Don't get me wrong, they're both good, just different.  But what I like about it is that after eating here, I feel a lot healthier and not overly stuffed; you leave with a very happy and healthy feeling.The ambiance was really nice with separate booths and a very clean and chic feel.  There's not really any parking though so we had to park at the meters by Goodwill.  Oh and service is great too! I think the guy at the front was the owner and he was super friendly.  He's this super sweet and smiley old Japanese man that was very appreciate when we were leaving.  The rest of the staff is great too and very attentive.I keep wanting to compare this place to Sweet Home but they're just so different...So I'll just say this, if I feel like stuffing my face until I'm bloated, Sweet Home.  But if I want a nice relaxing and feel good meal, this is my choice.  Either way they're both awesome and this was a great dining experience that was nice and relaxing.  Sweet Home kind of gets me worked up because everyone is rushing around so it was a nice change of pace.  I'll be back!!!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,10/14/2012,508,149,4,9,7>It was my husband's 50th birthday, and I wanted to find the perfect romantic intimate setting for 4 people with great food... and Sabrina's fit the bill to the tee!!It has been almost 8 years since we've been to Sabrina's, but everyone thought it would be the best place for our special dinner. It is ran by Sabrina the owner, her husband the chef, and one server, so expect to wait, and relax, and wait some more... but so worth it!It is BYOB, which is nice, if you have that special bottle of Champagne for that special ocassion, which we did! I made reservations for 7pm (Very advisable), and was nervous that it would be a long wait. When you walk in, it is small and quaint with little sparkly lights and Italian pictures.They had our table already set, and we were seated immediately. (Nice!) We opened up a bottle of wine, and the server came over, brought our water and gave us our menus, and said she will come back to tell us the specials. So far so good! We ordered the Antipasti plate and the Crostini with melted cheese and artichoke hearts. Appetizers came quickly and Antipasti plate was good, although it could've had a little more cheese and meat. Crostinis were yummy. Another word of advise- Order your entrees BEFORE he appetizers.This is when the waiting begins... We were into the 2nd bottle of wine when our entrees finally came. I ordered the special, Cioppino, which was amazing! It came in a HUGE, and I mean HUGE bowl, chockful of slippertails, shrimp,calamari, clams, mussels and topped off with a piece of salmon. It is in a delicious tomato bisque with garlic bread to sop it all up.Hubby had the other special, Lobster Risotto, which was simply heavenlyI would've have swam in it if I could. My girlfriend had the Lobster sauce with Fettucine, and her husband had the Lobster sauce Gnocchi.Each one could've been in the Hall of Fame of best "out of this world" dishes!Time for the 3rd bottle of wine! LOLI had intervened our waitress to see if she could surprise us with a dessert with a candle, and she came through! She brought over a mound of delicious mini dolci cream puffs that were smothered with a hot chocolate sauce, and a candle! INCREDIBLE!I was a little disappointed with the Tiramisou (not very fluffy), Baci Bistro had a better one.Overall, it was one amazing evening with great food, and everyone should have at least one dinner at Sabrina's, you will not be disappointed!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,10/13/2012,236,241,4,10,7>FINALLY, had the opportunity to dine at this hot pot mecca.  seriously, can't believe i've waited so long to try this place.  i think it's because i don't like waiting to eat.  it's torture! haha.   anyway, went on a sunday night with my family (party of 11) and was SURE we were gonna have to wait forever.  apparently my auntie has excellent timing because we only had to wait about 20 minutes.  when we finally sat down, we ordered our meat and broth and went crazy.  seriously they have like 4 fridges full of literally ANYTHING you could want in your hot pot.  my personal favorites are the enoki, fish balls and mochi!  yum!!  after binging on hot delicious soup until your hearts content (or 1.5 hours, whichever comes first), they bring you this heavenly dessert... to DIE for.  my favorite part of the meal.  i'm currently dreaming about the dessert and planning the next time i can go!  the cons - the wait obviously.  you need to have your timing JUST right.  the parking is also not great.  luckily i found street parking about a block away.  good luck and happy hot pot-ing! :D
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,10/12/2012,161,142,7,6,6>My morning escape has been at Glazer's Coffee..a little bit of jazz music playing in the background, you see a table here and there with a student, a worker bee in business attire, a family of 3 enjoying their coffee and cream cheese bagels...I just came across Glazer's a week ago and have already been in 3 times. The first time I walked in, I had an inner smile knowing that I was gonna be revved up soon getting my coffee fix and left with an even bigger smile when I removed the lid of my take-out coffee cup and saw a heart in my latte. Awwww!! It was so pret~tay that I actually thought of drinking it without sugar as to not ruin the design...I admired it for a second and then added my sugar in. Who was I kidding!! lolMosey on down to Glazer's for a unique coffee experience.Cheers!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,10/11/2012,196,187,6,17,12>Calling Inferno's fans everywhere...Inferno's now has a store front!!!  Yes, now you can conveniently just hop on over to Ward whenever you crave some Inferno's pizza!  It's located next to Ryan's Grill at Ward Center.Today was its soft opening so there weren't too many tables out and half the space was not yet ready.  However, the pizza was as delicious as ever!  In fact, it was so good that three of us shared three pizzas (we ordered them one by one since we were pacing ourselves).  Um yeah...we basically downed one pizza each.  It's quite a testament to the awesomeness of the pizza because my tummy took it upon itself to make room...  Here are the three pizzas we had:GUAVA SMOKED PORK: Fresh mozzarella, local shinsato guava smoked pork, fresh mushrooms, fresh Maui onions, on locally made Kilauea BBQ sauce (choose between mild or spicy).  Holy macaroni, this was amazing!!  We went with the spicy BBQ sauce and it gave the pizza a satisfying kick.  The only thing that would have made this pizza even better would be if the pork had been a little bit less dry.  That might just be wishful thinking though because it is smoked pork after all...SPINACH GARLIC TOMATO: Fresh mozzarella, fresh spinach, local Roma tomatoes, and garlic.  I loved this one!!!  But then, I love veggies and this combo is a classic xD.  We also added mushrooms to ours for just $1.50 extra.  We totally tasted the freshness of the ingredients and the pizza had great balance.WHITE TRUFFLE: Fresh mozzarella, crimini mushrooms, garlic, and white truffle oil.  We added soppressata (Italian salami) to ours, which might have been a mistake.  This pizza was very tasty but a little bit too salty.  The truffle oil was overwhelmed by the soppressata. All three pizzas had great toppings and flavors but the crust was a bit too burnt for our tastes.  We did like how fast the pizzas came out tonight though!  I would say we waited an average of just eight minutes for each pizza.        I can't wait to see how this place will turn out because I see so much potential with what Inferno's can do with the space that was not set up yet today!  It would be so cool if there was a small dance floor or maybe an area for karaoke!  They could even change it up and have it as a performance space on some nights...poetry slam, anyone?!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,10/10/2012,80,118,4,9,9>Ever since I stopped working downtown, I have missed getting my Ahi & Vegetable fix.  I was excited when I read about Ahi Lovers on Yelp!  According to other Yelpers, they are run by the same folks that ran the second Ahi & Vegetable location on Alakea that closed a year or so ago.I headed there for the first time this past week and the food did not disappoint.  It was the same great taste that I remember.  I ordered my usual Spicy Ahi/Spicy Salmon Combo on Brown Rice.  The fish is fresh and has just the right spice and consistency.  It comes with miso soup and is a great deal for $8.  For $1 more you can order a set, which includes both miso soup and salad.  I also love that you can add an extra scoop of Spicy Ahi for just $2 more.Ahi Lovers also takes credit cards, which I appreciate as someone who rarely carries cash.  I had read about a stamp card, but I was told they discontinued the program (bummer!).  According to a sign in the restaurant, however, they will be starting some kind of new promotion in September.I'm so glad I found out about this place...thanks, Yelpers!  I'm sure I'll be a regular here!  :)Quick Tip: Call your order in ahead of time to avoid a wait!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,10/9/2012,658,339,8,17,13>Let's face it--cactus doesn't have the best reputation--they're mean and prickly things! But Cactus Bistro, Kailua's newest "hot spot" eatery has changed my mind about this plant in need of a good PR agent.Friends and I enjoyed dinner here recently, and I really tied on the feed bag, sampling everything from appetizers (squash-goat cheese croquetas, boar empanadas) to entrees (masa-crusted chicken, muscovy duck "carnitas", Bahian-style seafood stew, pork shoulder "pernil") to dessert (Mexican lava cake, saffron gelato). Que delicioso! Just like being "Irish" on St. Patrick's Day, I can now celebrate being "Latin" anytime I eat at Cactus!The food, which features locally sourced ingredients, is fresh, creative, and tasty (view the lunch menu at cactusbistro.com/lunch-m… and the dinner menu at cactusbistro.com/dinner-…). Service on the whole is good, although it was obvious that the Saturday night dinner rush had overwhelmed our server somewhat. The environment is pleasant--casual but not overly so--with tables available indoors or on the lanai. Prices are on par with other fine dining establishments in the area. If you're looking for fantastic cuisine that fuses the New World with Aloha, try Cactus sometime soon!Cactus is located in the heart of Kailua inside the Davis Building at the corner of Kailua Rd and Hamakua (near Mu'umu'u Heaven). Parking is available along the street or in the lot behind the building. Open seven days a week, lunch is served from 11:00-4:00, dinner 5:00-10:00. Viva la comida latina!Yelp 365 Challenge #158
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,10/8/2012,75,86,6,11,9>This has become one of my favorite Korean fast food joints.  It's located in the same complex as Safeway so parking usually isn't a problem.  This place is take-out only so there aren't any tables inside.  There are chairs to sit in while you wait for your food.  You can always call ahead of time if you don't want to wait.I usually get the regular sized meat jun and bbq chicken combo plate.  I love their meat jun because it's sliced very thin and isn't oily.  The bbq chicken is tasty as well.  The regular size come with white or brown rice and 4 sides.  I've tried the garlic potatoes, shoyu potatoes, chapchae and seaweed to name a few, but the side I enjoy the most is their choy sum.  You might think EWW!, but it is soooo good.  Sometimes I get it as 2 of my 4 sides.  I once had pumpkin tempura as a side, but I think it was a special at the time.  The plate lunches are under $10 and I think you get a lot of food for the price.  The mini plates are not that much cheaper so regular size is a better bang for your buck.  Their mandoo is really tasty too.  I've brought it to parties before and people always ask where it is from.  One side order of mandoo comes with 11 peices.Service is great.  Mrs. Yoon always seems to be in good mood.  I could eat here multiple times a week.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,10/7/2012,131,91,12,16,9>There are just some weekly routine things I do to make me feel like a better me. Shaving my legs, cleaning my apartment, taking out the trash and even painting my nails when I feel especially motivated. Hot yoga has joined the ranks. It is my workout, my relaxing-spa-day, my chiropractic adjustment and my therapy all rolled up into a 90 minute session.Let me tell you a story: After my first time EVER at hot yoga (an amazing experience in itself thanks to Dale) I went to the grocery store. First of all, grocery stores in Waikiki automatically make me sour because of the SUPER inflated prices... but this day a lady pushed and cut me off in line. I felt so relaxed and un-phased that I didn't smack her in head with the frozen chicken in my hand. Instead I let her pass and she paid for all my snacks... Okay... so really, the mean lady didn't pay for anything - but the point of my story is that Waikiki Hot Yoga could be a small but significant life changer. Instead of being stressed and angry, I was happy and almost to a state of contentment in that moment. And that is how I'd like to live my life.Pros:-super clean-well regulated heat & humidity-great, motivated instructors (who seem to love doing what they do)-variety of class start times, which you can sign up to online & see how crowded each class is-can rent yoga mats ($2) & towels ($1)-lots of mirror space to check out your pose, your breathing, your ass & that one cute guy behind you (hey you, cute guy debating on whether or not to try it out... 1)lots of attractive, limber girls 2)with guy instructors & a bunch of hot yoga newbies, right now is a GREAT time to try - ZERO judgement)-90 minutes is the perfect amount of time, it flies by but when you're done you're satisfied-apparently they will start having specialized classes, targeting certain areas of the body - so you won't get bored, plus each teacher has their own style-pool and almost more importantly bar literally right outside the studio... I exercise to eat and drink, so 900+ calories lost from the yoga = 10+ vodka tonics? Um. Yes.Cons:-Not that I have a car, but just to let the average person know: $5 parking per session-Cost...that board up front is quite pricy & after my 20 sessions I will come to crossroads which I definitely am not looking forward to. There are discounts for students/teachers/friends, but again, I will procrastinate about this decision as long as possible. Until then, join me: probably Monday/Wednesday 8:30pm & make how you feel just a little bit better.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,10/6/2012,212,76,7,8,9>Yogur StoryPshh... Yogur Story... Really?!?! This is what I thought of it before I had eaten there.  I expected ghetto, rundown restaurant serving mediocre food... It was totally opposite! Great example of never judge a book by its cover... or in this case where the restaurant is situated.  (You know cause it was located in an area that is sketch).Décor was modern, entries were creative, meal was delish! Went there for brunch right after grocery shopping at KCC Farmers Market. I didn't have much of an appetite so I ordered the pineapple cane sugar iced tea and the red velvet waffles. Definitely a must try dish when there. Totally shareable. My girl had the fried rice something. It was good too I had some of it. Service was standard. Warning: if you're one of those who just walks in and seats yourself on the second floor without waiting in line... please stop doing that! I've seen it happened a few times while waiting to be seated.  I had asked why some customers were doing that and server said it was ran like that before but had recently changed that option. Okay im done. But I would definitely dine there again..
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,10/5/2012,504,313,6,12,13>Definitely come for the noodle soup! It is the BEST noodle soup I had in Hawaii. Noodles are freshly made daily and just as good as the noodles in Hong Kong. I'm a bit under the weather so I ordered the congee thousand year old egg and it was good but I must say, not as good as some of the dim sum places. If you stop by though, definitely get the noodles!The owner was really nice. When we left, we forgot our doggy bag and she went so far as to look for us in the parking lot- bag in hand!Food is super SUPER affordable. $6-7 gets you a sizable entree.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,10/4/2012,101,91,10,13,11>Sometimes on voggy Honolulu days, I get that itch in my throat and reminisce about the foggy days back in my old stomping grounds of SF.  Memories of dreary cold summers in the Financial District are best marked by slurping countless bowls of won ton mein from various cheap eats tucked in neighboring Chinatown.  Well, mama, you are no longer in SF but when in Paradise, there's Kirin.  Not cheap, we're talking $9 shrimp wonton mein soup vs. $6 Bay Area prices.  But a substantial bowl nonetheless.  Generous meaty shrimp wontons entagled in egg noodles with a handful of bright green choy sum swimming in a clear chicken broth which is not overly gingery but very clean and worthy of slurp to the last drop. With a touch more white pepper thrown in and I can feel my achy throat soothe instantly and my voggy vision lifted!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,10/3/2012,233,120,17,14,16>Sometimes I wonder if I should have been born a Japanese girl... My interest in gift wrapping seems to support that thought. Whenever I feel like indulging my inner Japanese girl with cute wrapping supplies, I know where to go: Heiko!Heiko carries a huge stock of gift bags, wrapping paper, stickers, and stationery. It's really hard for me not to go crazy in here because the selection is so appealing! (Major brownie points for being the only place in Hawaii that carries Washi Tape!) To top it off, customer service here is excellent!  I love chatting with the sales associates about when the owner will be bringing in a new shipment from Japan. Unfortunately, like all things imported from Japan, prices are a little steep. On the other hand, the store offers really cheap deals on merchandise that doesn't sell well! And that's when I plan my mode of "attack"!!So to all you mommies out there wanting to impress other mommies with beautiful gift wrapping, I highly recommend Heiko!PROS: Wide variety of goods, nice selection, excellent customer service, parkingCONS: A little pricey, located in a seedy neighborhoodTIP: Shop here after a holiday has passed to stock up for the following year! I came here in March and still found really great deals on Halloween and Christmas items at half-off!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,10/2/2012,380,335,5,12,11>If I were a foodnetwork chef, Imanas-Tei would go on my "Best Thing I Ever Ate" spiel. It's definitely one of the best Izakayas on Oahu. The contenders: SEAFOOD DYNAMITE- a generous assortment of scallops, shrimp and fish bathed in your standard "dynamite" sauce (mayonaise, cheese....?). Creamy but not too heavy. A must! SASHIMI PLATTER- the sashimi here is top notch. Nuff said. AMA EBI- my favorite sushi is like heaven here... SO FRESH AND SWEET! The best part is that they ask what you want to do with the heads! I opted for the miso soup, which is great with the steamed shrimp head. BUTTERFISH- not a huge butterfish fan but I'd eat it here because it is oh so tender.CHANKO NABE- as most people have said, definitely get the chanko nabe. It is a fish-based broth that comes with shrimp, pork balls (given in the bamboo like Ichiriki), cabbage, green onion, abalone, mushroom, beef, and other things I probably forgot. True Japanese nabe! What amazes me is that the servers arrange this dish for you. They literally assemble the different items in a pretty set up, which not only looks good but also ensures that everything will be cooked properly. It's an ART and the final product is delicious. At the end of the meal you can choose between udon or rice porridge to accompany the rest of your nabe. SALMON CHAZUKE- very generous portion of chazuke!! Like seriously the bowl is pretty big. THINLY SLICED HALIBUT- comes with ponzu or just your typical wasabi. Sliced ever so thin, fresh and delicious! AM I IN JAPAN? FRIED GOBO STRIPS- I love thisssss! Huge ball of twisted gobo strips fried like tempura. Great to munch on and split amongst a big group. All this delicious food seems like it would be top dollar, right?? WRONG! Imanas-tei is super reasonable and the reason why it gets 5 stars. Izakayas can often run your wallet dry since each little dish adds up, but not here! You can definitely get full off the Chanko-nabe too ($19.95/person minimum of 2 people).If you're trying to go on a Friday or Saturday, better make reservations in advance. Reservations on any other night would help too, but it's crucial for the weekends.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,10/1/2012,184,127,5,11,13>How did I live on this side of the island all my life and have not been here before? I'm glad my bf brought me here today nonetheless!Shige's has THE TASTIEST SAIMIN on island. What I love about the saimin is that the noodles are unique in that they are flat and wavy with texture, cooked just right and the broth is flavorful on its own (I didn't need to add extra shoyu or spices). I had the small saimin with vegetables (extra $1 for veggies--won bok and bean sprouts). The small is just the right size so that you don't leave with a food coma.I love the setup of the restaurant, too. They have diner seating like Liliha Bakery as well as individual tables with large open windows and tv to watch.I'll definitely be returning to Shige's for the saimin and to try the other menu items. I've never been this impressed by saimin ever!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,9/30/2012,442,466,19,31,30>OPEN DAILY 6a-9pm! DELICIOUS CHEAP EATS, FREE PARKING, and GOLF COURSE VIEWS on the 19th HOLE!You know how people go to Aiea Bowl just to eat the food or pick up dessert and don't even bowl? This is going to be the East side version of that...I'm going to be coming here to eat some awesome plate lunches on a regular basis without even golfing. AWESOMELY DELICIOUS AND CHEAP, this place gets an extra bonus star for accepting credit cards (above $5), and having games (albeit expensive ones) for the kids...and until they get their liquor license, it's BYOB. BREAKFAST from 6a-10:30am (don't forget to check out the $3 breakfast special from 6-8am: fried rice w/2 eggs, add on meat for $1)LUNCH from 10:30a-2pm$7 CHICKEN KATSU - sliced lean and fried crispy, the chicken was paired with a strong Worcestshire based katsu sauce. Recommend!yelp.com/biz_photos/V5hz…$7 LOCO MOCOHuge tasty handmade patty, perfect eggs, and a Teri based sauce = WINNER! My favorite thing here so far!!yelp.com/biz_photos/V5hz…$6 GARLIC CHICKENSmaller portions than the above two entrees, this wasn't my favorite dish but after eating the above two dishes, it could have been just that I was just FULL.yelp.com/biz_photos/V5hz…$2 spam musubis Kids loved these, we got 4! Thick slices of spam and nothing else but rice! Yay! (the kids hate when there's other stuff like takuan or furikake)$1 games! I'm not sure who plays these games after they golf, but there were several games and a pool table and my kids had a blast.yelp.com/biz_photos/V5hz…yelp.com/biz_photos/V5hz…If you've never played @ Ala Wai, it's a municipal golf course so don't expect the Clubhouse at Kapalua. This used to be a little place to grab a snack after golf. It's still a little place but the food coming out packs a mean punch and I'll be back for the $4 breakfast special. If you're in the area or at the driving range, make a stop here at the 19th hole, the only one I was ever really good at!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,9/29/2012,376,101,4,11,7>What do you get when 2 established chefs open up a taco truck? A damn good burrito, thats what. I just happened to be riding down Kapiolani Blvd (coffee hopping, as usual), when a bright yellow food truck caught my eye. I never noticed them before. And with good reason.... they had JUST opened. w00tw00t!!! #firstIf youve ever been to a Chipotle, then you will be familiar with the concept. Its kind of like Chipotles concept, but with a twist, and big flavor. This is a BYOB joint. Thats right yeeps, Build Your Own Burrito. All kinds of ingredients for you to chose from, so you can customize your burrito to your liking. Like subway, but with burritos. And the burritos are big. I got full just looking at it. (yelp.com/biz_photos/Wtje…). I tried the chicken and the steak from the truck. The chicken was ok, but the steak was fantastic. Huge on flavor, and extremely tender. I cant wait to come back and try the carnitas (my personal favorite). And they will be serving home made flan and churros in about a week for those of you with a sweet tooth. Great location, right smack in the middle of Kapiolani Blvd. And theyre open late. 11am-9pm. Stop by and give them a try.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,9/28/2012,209,95,11,11,13>I should arrange with my HR guy to have direct deposit to Aki-no-No.I would not mind if my entire year's salary went to this establishment.  The only caveat would be that I can never gain weight even after drinking all the KIRIN and eating all the nigiri I want.Ah pipe dreams!  BAKA!!Going off all the scrumptious reviews of my fellow Elites, I made sure to order two of the hyped up menu items and here's how it turned out:toro steak: three fat em-effing pieces of pan seared toro steak comes out on a sizzling hot iron plate (yes, like fajita meat) with sautéed cabbage and onions to boot. The toro is marinated in a perfect miso sauce. This will hit your G-spot better than a store-bought curved apparatus.shrimp + vegetable tempura combo: $15 is what I used to make in two and a half hours at my campus job as a freshman in college, so I had to swallow the knot in my throat before placing an order for this dish. BUT, like Cin T. wrote in her review, the tempura is the best I've ever had. Just to put this subjective comment into perspective, consider comparing an A&W root beer with a grocery store brand root beer. Meh, you catch my drift! Their tempura is definitely a crowd pleaser! However you only get three pieces of shrimp, soooooo don't expect to get cray cray full off this dish alone.Of course my bromance dinner date and I didn't stop at these two dishes.  We tried to sample each section of their extensive menu. Every dish I ate was so damn awesome. I'm not an epicurean or a food columnist so I'm at a loss for words that'll do Aki-no-No's (or in nihongo: Aki-no-No no tabemono, I think! lol) food justice.  One minor complaint is that when we asked if they served a "mini" portion of udon the waitress, all things considered, told us, "no, but regular size in ONLY 8 dollars ..." Rude! 8 dollars are hard to come by these days! All I know is I'm eating here tomorrow and I'm ready to break the bank and go broke.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/27/2012,78,277,5,6,6>YUM!Came here with the family after watching "Jiro Dreams of Sushi."  By the end of the film, I was drooling, so I was so excited to chow down some sushi, and Gaku did not disappoint!The kabocha karaage (deep fried chunks with dashi sauce) was really delicious, and a nice change of pace from the usual kabocha tempura slices.  The spicy salmon with green onions, tobiko, and a quail egg was very tasty (not very spicy) and served with wrap-your-own nori slices (like rice-less sushi).  We tried the tofu with dashi jelly, which was interesting and worth a try, but I don't know that I would order it again.We shared the assorted sashimi combo, and most of the fish was great, especially the maguro - it was a beautiful bright red and had great texture.  My mom said one of the pieces of uni was really salty, but the others seemed to be fine.  The only disappointment was the o-toro (fatty tuna), which was chewy and not very flavorful.My favorite type of sushi is ikura, and the ikura here was AMAZING.  It was so fresh and not sticky at all, and it was marinated with dashi and mirin, giving it a sweet (and not over-salty) flavor.  The hottate (raw scallop) was just as good -fresh, soft, sweet, and not fishy.  The grilled king salmon topped with daikon and ikura was delicious, with a smoky grilled flavor and just enough left raw to give it depth of flavor.The tamago was much better than your average kaiten or convenience store tamago, and it had little "Gaku" kanji grill marks!  The green tea ice cream was also very yummy, not too sweet and with real matcha flavor.My only complaints are the noise level and the slow service.  There was a huge group of Cantonese people in the "private" room and I could barely hear anyone on our table over their yelling.  This isn't really the restaurant's fault, though.  Most of the food came pretty quickly, but we waited at least 15 minutes after we finished the rest of our dishes before the sushi came out.  I thought it was weird that our sashimi platter came out quickly but the 6 pieces of sushi took forever.  However, our waitress was very nice and made good recommendations - I don't think it was her fault, the sushi chef was probably just slammed from trying to prepare for the big group.All in all, I would definitely come back!  I might even come back just for that ikura... it's not cheap, but you get what you pay for, and the menu variety makes for a fun dinner.  Make sure to make reservations, and try to go right at 5 pm when they open to avoid the crowds and noise!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,9/26/2012,121,132,22,40,28>Wow, I'm so glad I can count on recommendations from my fellow Yelpers. This place was rated pretty high up there when it came to spas so I thought I'd give them a shot. I had the day off and decided to get a much long overdue facial. I called when they opened at 10 a.m. and was able to book a facial that same afternoon. Yay!I faintly remember hearing about this place when they had some promo deal going with Groupon (looking back now, wished I had taken advantage of it). They just opened early last year so they are still fairly unknown and pretty much can go unnoticed as you're driving down Ward. But seriously, once you step inside those doors, it's like being transported to a whole different world of serenity and bliss. The feeling was immediate. Loved the whole ambiance and design of the place. Tomomi was my esthetician and she was wonderful. She starts off by asking about your skin regimine to get an idea of what type of skin you have so she can tailor the treatment to your needs. The entire process was so relaxing. I felt so rejuvinated afterwards. I wish I had more time to soak up the experience, but alas, like all good things, it had to come to an end. She capped it off by making recommendations on what type of products to use to keep your skin looking its best. She then invited me to have tea in their tea room before leaving. So I step out of the treatment room and Tomomi leads me to what looks like a mini Japanese tea house. Shortly after, she brings out a cup of hot tea and a serving of homemade sesame ice cream. So delicious!Talk about the wow-factor, this place has it. Very unassuming and  unpretentious. Staff were friendly, attentive and service was amazing. They are also conveniently located right down from where I live. Now, if only I could afford to get pampered on a weekly basis...
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,9/25/2012,173,191,9,14,7>I'll admit, I'm not usually a coffee drinker.  But I was compelled to try this little shop located in the ANA Building, next to where the old Planet Hollywood used to be, because really, who isn't curious to see the Gorilla in the Cafe?  I'll bite.I walked in and was greeted by super friendly staff.  When I go to Starbucks, I usually have their tea because I don't like the bitter taste of their coffee, no matter how foamy, latte or sweet I make it.  But how can I judge a coffee shop just by their tea?  So I tried their house blend and I was SOLD!  I'm a fake coffee drinker.  You know the type.  The kind that only likes to drink coffee because they have hopes that their coffee will taste like coffee candy.  *raising hand*  That's me.  But how can you judge a coffee with all that milk and sugar in it?  So being the purist that I am, I took the first sip of it, untouched.  Can I just tell you that if THAT is what coffee is supposed to taste like, I will convert to be a coffee drinker!  It had a very flavorful aroma and I was surprised that it was like tea-coffee, if that makes sense.  None of that bitter after taste of coffee and I liked the flavor so much that all I needed was one packet of sugar when I normally would be pouring in two packets of Equal (which equals four packets of sugar).  My friend had one of their Italian Sodas and I also spied some macaroons that looked to die for but I didn't try it because we were on our way to lunch.  I heard that they were from La Tour Cafe and I've had theirs and know it's very yummy.  They just opened so I know they're still working out some of their processes but if you're in the area, you definitely have to check it out!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,9/24/2012,183,197,7,13,13>So as Robert M. & I were waiting around for our name to be called from the Cinnamon's Waiting List. You're all aware of this wait. If you're lucky, a good 15-20 minutes. We were lucky....but still needed to kill some time.I being a bit ne'ele if you will, figured since we were waiting, we might as well go and investigate where the large wooden staircase leads to; the one that faces the outdoor seating area to Cinnamon's. To what I can recall there is a dentist/orthodontist place, a child's play something or another, and this place. I, not being a chocolate fan wasn't too interested in going in. Robert M. on the other hand was. So we walked in.The room is very small and quaint, giving off a very home vibe. There behind the desk that displayed a bunch of small dishes filled with pieces of chocolate was a guy with a handkerchief wrapped around this head.I immediately took a seat on the sofa. The guy turned out not to be just 'a guy' but Mr.Chocolate Connoisseur Man, taking us on a very informative trip down How-We-Make-Chocolate lane. A minute into our journey a women came in inquiring about how her friend downstairs says she needs to try the Goat's milk chocolate. He confirms with her about it's deliciousness and continues the journey and spoke about each of the different types of chocolate they make which is written on the back chalk board behind him. (see pictures) Note that though very informative, it was A LOT of information to take in at one time. I only tried:~ Chocolate Ginger: if you like those 2 things separately, why not try it together.~ Chili Pepper Chocolate has a real kick to it. Sort of hits you in the back of your throat going down. (that's what she said) HAHAHA *awkward fading laugh*~Goats milk, which was different but in a good way.Being that I'm not a chocolate fan, I feel my view doesn't really count as I only tried the ones that had something I could relate to + chocolate.The lady ended up getting the last Goat's Milk bar which meant that Robert M. ended up getting a breakfast bar instead and a bag of Chocolate Nibs.Why the 4 starts from a person who doesn't like chocolate? I can appreciate a person who knows their sh*t. I felt like I was on the food network on some Alton Brown show; just as informative but without the spastic meth-y movements. He took the time out to talk about each piece of chocolate (there were more than a handful) how they make it, offered the piece to everyone, and walked us through the taste of it. That is worth some stars!~They accept credit card as payment~To what I recall it takes a good 3-4 days to make a certain type of chocolate and can produce either 60 or 80 bars; I couldn't quite hear.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,9/23/2012,253,278,4,14,10>This is my favorite Indian food restaurant. This comparison is made to Cafe Taj Mahal, Maharani, Himalayan and a very excellent indian restaurant in Vietnam. Price is affordable ($10 - 15!). Food is delicious. Interior is well-decorated and clean. Hostess is friendly. Validated parking at Samsung Plaza.I ordered the chicken masala, veg samosa, saag paneer, garlic naan and mango lassi. Everything was delicious. The samosa was good but flatter in shape to the round stuffed samosas I am used to.Entrees come with a scoop of rice and a small salad. There's chutney squeeze bottles on a counter where the utensils are so you can squeeze flavorful chutney to your heart's content. Oh yes, you must grab your own utensils and water.Best lassi I have ever drank.  They must use real mangoes...the difference is phenomenal.Small restaurant that can seat maybe 25. It's new so not crowded...yet!I eagerly await my next trip!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,9/22/2012,979,330,8,15,13>Lookin' for a place with southern homestyle cookin'? Well, you can Kiss My Grits! Darn tootin' I will! Especially with an army of my closest friends so I can sample each and everyone of those sinful dishes Kristin and the gang serve up! Came here for Justin's Food Club UYE as my first time here. Finding the joint was the hardest part, then figuring out how and where to pay for parking was the second hardest. No wait. The hardest part was actually choosing what I wanted to eat! The menu is no where near Cheesecake Factory sized, with multiple volumes and editions, but It definitely has enough on it to make me indecisive. There are so many things I wanted to try!I settled on a 2 piece fried chicken meal, which already comes with hush puppies, cole slaw, and a deviled egg. A huge meal for one person and such a steal at 8 buckeroos! Then, being the glutton I am, ordered the glorious mac and cheese to share with my table mates. HOT DIGGITY DOG. That was the wisest decision I made all day (besides canceling my class to attend the event). The mac and cheese starts out as a normal baked concoction of macaroni and a yellow cheese mixture. Then It gets done up like Dolly Parton at the beauty salon with a hit of white cheese sauce, crispy smoked bacon, a second run in the oven, and the most delicious French fried onions this side of Noo Orl'ns! I would go back just for that. The fried chicken was also great, but something I wouldn't order again, especially after having a bite of the biscuits and gravy. Talk about an immaculate plate of food!"So good, it'll make you see God." Well, it looks like I'm in food heaven!Then there's the dessert! Oh my Lord! The pound cake is just magical. As soon as i brought it home, it disappeared right off the tray. The bread pudding was very rich for me, although most others seem to like it!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/21/2012,419,110,10,12,12>I. Love. Aloha. Beer!If that doesn't show my excitement, I don't know what else does!The service was wonderful and uniquely local, which added to my "Aloha" Beer experience. The staff was attentive and - may I add - excited to be serving the tables. Their excitement fed off to those at my table and (with a little drinks) became quite chummy with the waitress.The food was aaaaamazing! Here is what I had: 1) Beef Nachos: This was a classic pupu and the cheese was not overwhelming the chips as in other establishments, the right portions of each addition fed off of each other quite nicely. Everything wasn't stuck together which helped when people who didn't want (let's say) the cheese didn't need to work hard enough to scrape it off. 2) Blackened Ahi Sashimi: HOLY COW! Now, I don't usually eat sashimi that often - it normally depends on the restaurant - but DANG! I will most definitely make an exception for Aloha Beer Company's sashimi! It had an accompanying sauce, but let me tell you... It doesn't even need it! 3) Tortilla Chips with Edamame Hummus: OKAY, must admit... We were a bit confused as to how this would play out... But oooh, it is GOOD. The hummus was so good other things (such as our meat) were being dipped in there! Hehe oops. :)4) Fried/Tempura'd Asparagus: This received mixed reviews at our table, but as this is my review... I LOVED it. ABC's asparagus are pretty HUGE, dude! That is the one thing that you'll notice off the bat.5) Pineapple Cheesecake: I near about fainted when I took my first bite of the cheesecake. I ate the whole thing before sharing with any other person... If this does not resonate as to my opinion of the Pineapple Cheesecake, you'll soon understand.I had two of the darker ale which also serves as a dessert with ice cream and I love it! It is very malt-y and caramel-y like that reminds me of and with the ice cream, it tastes and/or reminds me of an Irish Car Bomb!I am going again this week and I hope it become a place I frequent. :) I'm so happy for Aloha Beer Company and congratulations on the grand opening!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,9/20/2012,257,112,7,13,14>ADDICTED:  I'm here almost every day...well, every day that I'm off from work.  Given that I cram all of my work into 3.5 days a week, you can find me at Watanabe bakery a lot-lot.  I can't beat some of the retired ladies who are there waiting for their fresh bread every single morning.  But if I could not work, I would be right there with them. :)LAST MEAL:  For my last meal on earth, I would only want one thing...a sandwich from Watanabe Bakery.  For some reason, their sandwiches make me crave the very things on my DO NOT EAT (ever) list, which would be hard egg yolks, mayo, potato salad, and bread crust.  I despise all of these things almost as much as raisin bread and peanut butter--yes, I have deeply embedded food issues. :(  But when it comes to eating potato salad/egg salad sandwiches on perfectly square Japanese white bread...I cannot help myself.  I think they are perfect--particularly the potato salad filling--and I cannot explain why.  Maybe it's the smooth, fluffy, crunchy textures all married together.  I have no clue.  Maybe it's the cucumber in the potato salad...or the dill in the non-mayo-ey egg salad. Doesn't matter.  Having Watanabe's right across my favorite poke bowl (Take's Fish Market) is just too good to be true.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,9/19/2012,230,197,18,21,12>You want to find a hole in the wall place only Koreans go to?  This is the place.  My friend Myong C. alerted me of the term, "yobos" which I guess means local Koreans here.  This initially confused me because "yobo" in Korean is the more intimate word you use for your spouse (like "honey"), as in "honey, take out the %^& trash!!!"  Just kidding.  We no use language li'dat in our ohana.  OK, so the yobos go here, as it turns out.  I've been meaning to try this place for years since my Korean friend told me that this was a good place to go get kalgooksoo (Korean chicken broth noodle soup). Today, however, I was jonesing for some al jjigae.  That's Korean for pollack roe stew.  Essentially it is soon tofu but with less of the soft watery tofu and with pollack roe pieces in it.      Well I went in and yes, only yobos were around.  No English was spoken, just Korean.  That is some good evidence that this place serves homestyle Korean comfort food, as Val Y. so eloquently put it.  Btw, have you read Val's review of Sensually Yours yet?  Stop now, put a hold on this review, and go there.  Do not have any food in your mouth when you do, or your screen may be splashed with rubbish consisting of liquids and bits of food. The place has a deeper menu than most Korean places.  I don't think I even saw meat jun in it, which is a telltale sign (meat jun is not Korean, yo!).  Al jjigae is not common at most Korean places; neither is true kalgooksoo.  I ordered the al jjigae for $13.95.  It's a bit pricey for stew but if you try and buy frozen pollack roe at an Asian market somewhere, you'll understand that it's not cheap. The banchan came out in 6 banchan saucers.  It was a nice mix and displayed neatly.  There were three different kimchis, anchovy, bean sprouts and some fish cake.  I was given the option of mixed rice, which consisted of red beans mixed in rice which gave it a purplish tinge to it. When the al jjigae came out, it looked pretty much like daenjjang jjigae (Korean bean stew like miso) except with like 4-5 huge pieces of pollack roe.  Man, did it ever rock my homestyle fix.  It was like mama made it back in the old country.  OK, so "the old country" means L.A. Koreatown (or the SF Valley after we moved) and I have never once called my mother "mama", just "um mah".  Yobos everywhere, pollack roe, three kinds of kimchi, comfort food, what more could I ask?  Well, maybe just the check.  So it wasn't completely like home, then, eh?      They do have their lunch specials for non-yobos but why don't you venture a little and go deeper into Korean cuisine?  Overall, due to the sentimentality of the food, I give it 4.5 stars.  Luckily for Jong Ga, Yelp rounds up!  The location is a bit tricky.  It's behind Side Street Inn on the makai side but parking can be accessed via an alley street that intersects Piikoi, where Buti Groove is (turns out it is Kona St. but there are no signs).  Parking is free for 75 minutes (why not 60 or 90?) on weekdays, $2 per hour on weekends.  If you cannot afford the parking on weekends, just park at that shopping center where Nijiya Market,  Dae Chun and Payless shoes are and discretely walk away.  Maybe walk in the direction of Nijiya Market and when the security guard is not looking, make a mad (yet subtle) dash across the street.  Or put some Nijiya Market plastic shopping bags on your dash.  That should do it.  See, I'm there for you.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,9/18/2012,237,127,6,17,11>Living in Hawaii, we are blessed to have an abundance of Japanese restaurants.  However, places where one can eat great okonomiyaki are hard to find, even here in Hawaii.  On my never ending quest to try new places, I came across Shochan Hiroshimayaki and thought it would make the perfect late breakfast on a lazy Sunday morning.  Open for only 2 monhts, Shochan Hiroshimayaki is located on the 2nd floor of the Hee Hing Plaza on Kapahulu Ave.  If you drive fast like me, you will zip past this place since the sign is barely visible from the road.  On my visit yesterday, I was the only party there which worried me a bit since most eateries are usually busy during weekends.  Nonetheless, I do not know if this place will make it but let me say that the okonomiyaki here is the real deal and is first rate.  The taste was so good that it brought back memories of my time spent living in Japan.For those of you not familiar with this yummy dish, okonomiyaki is a savory Japanese pancake that is predominatly associated with the Kansai and Hiroshima regions in Japan.  At Shochan, I opted for the Hiroshima style okonomiyaki which starts off with a base of thin crepe-like batter on the hot teppan grill and is topped with layers of cabbage, moyashi, and topped with slices of pork.  As the huge pile of cabbage cooks, the pancake is pushed down and the yakisoba noodles are added to the pile.  When everything is done cooking and ready for assembly, the pancake is topped with a thin layer of fried egg and lathered with a delicoius Otafuku sauce.  After the panacke is assembled, it is served on a sizzling cast iron plate topped with nori flakes.     At only $8, the price is very good for the quality of food.  If you are looking to satisfy your okonomiyaki fix, this is definitely someplace to visit.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,9/17/2012,297,159,33,21,22>Couples Massage with My Brother   Yeah, my brother Cary Y. and I had a couples massage. Brothers can do that. It's not creepy, it's endearing! Lol. Before coming here he warned me that a Thai massage can be rough and painful. He was not lying. Even though it was at times unbearable I LOVED IT! What does this say about me... tough as nails that's what! ;D   Sukotai Massage is such a great place. So professional and an ideal place to relieve stress and promote relaxation. The rooms are kept clean and the staff are talented. For a couples massage we payed $125 for an hour long massage. They even went a little over!! Score! They do take card, but if you pay with cash you can get a kama'aina discount!   Did I mention this was my first massage? If I thought massages were weird it was really shocking when my massage therapist got on the table (I think her name was Tingy) and literally her knees were on the back of my legs and she was rubbing my back! I remember thinking, what the Hell!?! I didn't know if I was getting a massage or being attacked. I looked over to see if my brother was getting the same. I didn't know if this was normal! I was freaking out! Also at one point I was in the missionary position getting stretched! And I was the bottom! Coming here for my first massage was jarring and it took a little time to get used to it. I wouldn't have had it any other way though! :D I don't think I could do a non Thai massage now. It won't be as exciting! Nothing like getting your arms and thighs slapped while hearing your brother's back being cracked to help you forget the world. Ahhh...   Tingy was such a lady, but also a beast! She worked out all the kinks from my back, neck, hands, and legs. If there were any knots in there she killed them with her surprisingly strong hands. She made sure I was always comfortable and not hurting...TOO much! Hahaha. She was a gem and before she left the room she said "sorry for hurting you" while she laughed! I want to go back monthly. Right now my body is as limp as a noodle ;D You should try it!!! Ask for Tingy and tell them Chad Y. sent you! Hahaha!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,9/16/2012,77,74,4,8,7>Hands down, Jewel or Juice has the best acai bowls on the island.  After falling in love the first time at its Kaimuki location, I was ecstatic to hear about its Kailua location - gives me the opportunity to go there much more often!Now, I'm a little bias, since I refuse to try anything else besides the deluxe acai bowl, but let me just tell you, it is so worth its $7 price tag!  Some might say that it is a bit on the expensive side, but I would rather pay for something expensive that taste extraordinary, then head over to Lanikai juice just a few blocks away for a watery version of the same thing.  Sorry Lanikai juice fans.  Nothing against you!So, now onto the real meat of this review.  The acai itself is smoothy, silky, and basically melts in your mouth.  It has the perfect balance of mixture and ice.  In addition, they drown it in honey.  It may not be for everyone, but for me, it makes it ten times better!  I usually put extra when I get home, that's how much I love honey.  However, if that's not what you like, let the person working know.  Usually, it's the owner; he is such a nice guy.  I'm pretty sure he knows by heart what my "usual" is.  That's how often I go there.  It's bad, I know.  This Jewel or Juice location is very similar to the one in Kaimuki.  Very limited parking, and everytime I go there, I park illegally, so here's my suggestion:  give them a call beforehand, say about 5-10 before you arrive, and give him your order.  That way, when you get there, it's ready to go.  However, if you do want to stay and enjoy your meal there, there is some parking around the area, but very little.  Sometimes you will be lucky, however, very rare.I definitely recommend Jewel or Juice, whether you're in Kaimuki or Kailua.  Stop by.  After your first visit, I promise you, you won't want to go anywhere else.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,9/15/2012,391,466,3,6,6>We went to a show on a Sunday night Downtown but only a few things were open and those places that were open were jam packed. Since we were in town and the show got out a little early, I felt like venturing into Waikiki. Sometimes I like to feel like I'm on vacation even though I am home. When the restaurant is 99% tourists, I definitely feel like I'm not home. We always eat at the tonkatsu place next door but have always wanted to try Arancino on Beachwalk. We finally committed and decided. It was busy and there were lots of families waiting outside. The benefit of just being a couple is that we don't need to wait as long as big parties. We were seated in about 5-10 minutes. Nice. The place is pretty small inside but I like it. It was cozy. We sat in a little corner next to a family. Our server was really nice and helped us immediately. We ordered some alcohol and ordered our food. We decided on the pizza capricciosa and rigatoni all' amatoriciana. While we waited they brought us some amazing bread. It was really soft and fresh and I could have eaten it as my meal but I refrained and let the hubs eat most of it. We got our pizza and it had egg on it. It's weird since I only see egg on pizza in Japan but it didn't matter because the pizza was really tasty. Thin crust and crispy! And the pasta. The tomato sauce was creamy and it was spicy. I would seriously order it again. I am pretty picky with Italian restaurants. If I can cook it at home, then I opt not to go that a restaurant again. I have no idea what they put in the sauce but it taste really good and different.Service was really good and prices pretty reasonable. Our server was really attentive to us even though it was really busy.I normally don't like to venture into Waikiki but if I'm feeling like eating Italian food and play tourist I am coming here again.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,9/14/2012,70,194,4,6,5>I finally got to try their savory pies! I had the pork guisantes pot pie and I gotta say, it has forever ruined pork guisantes for me. I will NEVER be able to eat pork guisantes again with just some mere rice on the side, no, I will forever CRAVE the butter flakey pie crust along with it. Sweet revenge, you do it all! Savory, sweet, everything!After devouring the pork guisantes pie, we get our hands on the smore pie. My bf took one bite of the smore pie with its homemade torched marshmallow on top,  looked at me and said..."thats it, im dead. This place is so good." Lol...as in, i have died and gone into pie deliciousness heaven.Good job Sweet Revenge! You will definitely be one of my HAVE to eats at all future farmers markets and eat the streets!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,9/13/2012,101,131,,8,6>Love this new little breakfast spot in the Koko Marina Shopping Center located near Zippy's.  First off, love the ambiance.  It's nicely decorated, trendy, but not over the top.  It has a very relaxing feel to it.  One of my favorite bible passages was painted on the wall near the door.  I can see myself having bible study here in the near future.Service was excellent.  The servers took our orders with an Itouch which I thought was pretty cool.  Let's get to the food.  I had the Corned Beef Hash and Eggs for $10.95.  The corned beef was made with fresh chunks mixed in with onions and potatoes.  The corned beef was different from other places.  It reminded me of pipikaula for some reason.  I don't know how they prepare their corned beef, but it is ONO!  Potatoes were cooked just right.  I had my eggs soft scrambled and they were made the way I like it.  The eggs were definitely not dry or hard.  I got a side order of a pancake.  The pancake was ONO!  But I really liked the Vanilla Latte.I will for sure be back.  I have my eye on trying their Hawaiian Omelet and Mo'Egga.  Just nervous that one day I will have to wait 2 hours to get a table like Cafe Kaila on the weekends.  LOL!   I guess more reasons to wake up early on the weekends.  Heck maybe I'll park my car here, do a Hawaii Kai Marathon training run, and eat here after my Sunday long runs.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,9/12/2012,89,131,4,13,11>This is exactly what chinatown needs!! A late-night window that serves delicious, reasonably priced food! No seats..just stand around eating and chatting it up with other customers or make your way home. If I don't see a future Hawaii episode of Anthony Bourdain drinking at our Chinatown bars and ending the night at Lucky Belly I'm gonna be upset. Right now, their menu of about 5 items is handwritten on brown packing paper and posted on the window of the old Mini Garden (facing Hotel St. & NextDoor). The window is actually around the corner on Smith Street. Last night I tried the pork belly bao ($5) and gyoza with a sesame/avocado dipping sauce ($5). They were sold out of a duck chow fun by the time I got there at 2a.m. We were told they plan to remain open late nights and the bao is their speciality. And, they'll be opening for lunch soon (possibly July 1 but don't hold me to that date - I had just come from the bar when i was told this information.). I'm looking forward to their grand opening!Here's other info I found online: The Lucky Belly Noodle Bar (former Mini Garden) is located at 50 Hotel Street. This Honolulu based restaurant and bar, will be dedicated to offering an Asian menu utilizing locally grown products focusing on ramen combined with local favorites, and "Asian Pub" experience. The cuisine will be enhanced by an extensive sake list, original cocktails, beer produced in Hawaii and Japan and a wine list.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,9/11/2012,230,143,5,17,11>I am always searching for a new breakfast place especially because my hubby is obsessed with breakfast.  Thanks to Emi H., Lori I. Kim T., and Terry K.  for your trusted reviews I decided to try it.  They have a small menu that consists of breakfast & lunch.  Their breakfast menu consists of various benedicts, stuffed French toast, waffles, pancakes, and omelets.FOOD ORDERED1) CORNED BEEF HASH EGGS BENEDICT with FRIED RICE  $11.95    Corn beef hash is one of my favorite breakfast items to try at almost any place. This corn beef hash was uniquely encrusted with hash browns! Innovative & amazing! It gave it a nice texture. Fried Rice was decent.yelp.com/biz_photos/ozN2…2) STUFFED FRENCH TOAST WITH BANANAS $8.95    Way better than plain french toast. The bananas IN the toast add so much more dimension to this common breakfast food. Hello, the 2nd best French toast I've had!  The best so far was at Toast Bakery in LA.  for me.3) BUTTERMILK PANCAKES WITH FRESH FRUIT $6.49     This was surprisingly good, considering it was plain pancakes.  Pancakes were moist and had a hint of cinnamon mixed in the pancake which actually only required a little bit of syrup. Mmm.yelp.com/biz_photos/ozN2…ENVIRONMENTLocated in Kapahulu in Kilohana Square. Country, beach-like living decor.  Black & white pics of family & friends adorned the walls.  Homely feel.  There are signs that direct you to Sweet E's parking areas.  Bathroom located outside of restaurant, need a key.SERVICEThe waitress' name is Ethel and that's what "E" stands for.  Quick & friendly service. Water refilled in timely manner.  Very attentive.CONCLUSION I gave it 5 stars because I was happy with every dish we ordered, the environment was great, & the service was awesome.  Yes, I'm definitely coming back!  I want to try the blueberry stuffed french toast! Yum!
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,9/10/2012,379,443,10,10,11>Dear Primo Honestly, your popcorn shouldn't be this good, its unhealthy. Now after every hot yoga session, I'm just going to come over and spend my money on trying out one of your 20+ flavors. This week it was Ma Ma Mia (Parmesan/Garlic), Lime Cilantro, and the classic Caramel. I don't care that it cost $13 because the popcorn is loaded with flavor in each bite which in my mind is totally worth $3.50 a bag. yelp.com/user_local_phot…A note to the owners: Sorry we were obnoxious and asked for samples for almost every flavor, I promise to be a loyal customer in return. :-) See you next week! Yuko YELP 365: 117/365
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,9/9/2012,191,170,6,12,9>I just got my hurr did yesterday and I'm glad to report that Mojo is legit.  They lined me up right and I left feeling like a new man.  It's been a long time coming for Oahu and I only see this spot blowing up.  So now is the time to get down with the get down on this joint.  Mojo is a throwback of old school barbershop remixed with a hiphop/r&b vibe.  From the moment you walk in it's great music, classic barbershop chairs, and flat screens.  It's pretty much the man cave of barbershops.  I called in an appointment for 11am, walked in slightly early and they got me in right away.  For $30 I walked away with a great cut, shampoo, and head massage.Typically, I go to the same person to cut my hair.  So checking out this spot was a leap of faith.  Damn, I'm glad I did it.  If you've never been to a legit barbershop, check it out.  It's definitely worth your time and money.  You'll find them on Bethel, right across from Bambu 2/The Venue.  There's no parking specifically for them, but that's nothing new for downtown/Chinatown.  5 out of 5 for making me look even better than I do normally and the great vibe!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,9/8/2012,91,95,21,10,14>Growing up in Hawai`i and being a mix of Japanese and Chinese, I've had my share of ethnic-related jokes about my ethnic mix like everyone else, but the most common comment growing up had to have been:"Ho, you know that Japanese + Chinese = Korean?  'Dat means you're Korean! Ha! Ha!"And while I never thought this joke was particularly funny (nor did it make any sense to me,) this is, oddly enough, a joke that I've carried into my young adulthood, especially since dating a fellow Japanese-Chinese (or "Nihon-ren" as he called it once.)  Whenever we are at Korean restaurants, there is sure to be a sarcastic quip on how we are partaking in the culinary experience of "our motherland."  When I stepped foot in the Korean cosmetics store, The Face Shop,  for the first time last week, my hybrid self was ecstatic! The bright/clean environment and the variety of sparkly makeup made my Japanese side overjoyed!  The reasonable price of the lemon, ginseng, rice-based masks (around $2-3) and the amount of samples received at the check-out soothed my Chinese soul!  The K-Pop made me feel as if I transported to Seoul, my pseudo-mothercity!I'm in love!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,9/7/2012,201,134,9,14,14>This is now my favorite place to eat at in Kalihi.   What initially attracted this place to me was the BBQ boneless short ribs. The first time I came to late and they were sold out.  However, I was told by Lori I that I should call in advance and they can save me a plate.  That is exactly what I did. I called in my order about and hour and a half before I finished work and they told me they would save me a plate. When I got there, he had the plate all ready for me. As I was leaving he (Owner Kevin) said.."Thanks for coming back and Im sorry I ran out last time" wow..great memory and great customer service! Just a recap of what I had so far.. Kalbi Short Ribs - Part 1 of a 3 plate combo - Meat was tender and teri sauce was greatMochiko Chicken - Part 2 of 3 plate combo -  Great texture and flavorful. Pork Chops - Part 3 of 3 Plate Combo - Tender and flavorful. BBQ Boneless Short Ribs - *Winna Winna Short Rib Dinna!* Short rib was very tender and the sauce was amazing. Mix it with the rice and..broke da mouth! Bronkie - Half Brownie Half Cookie - Really good. When you take a bite, you get the soft brownie first, then followed by the cookie crunch. He give good portions for a great price. Even though I think I found my favorite dish here, I am on a new mission to try more things on the menu.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,9/6/2012,232,146,11,16,8>I thought other Yelpers were being sarcastic when they said they learned a lot from a laundry mat...they weren't kidding. The owner was there when we went to do 3 weeks worth of clothes and various house rugs. Found this place when I googled "laundry mat honolulu". My bf and I were in desperate need of laundry facilities after observing that no one in our apartment complex seemed to even touch the washing machine. Couple that with the fact that our washing machine seems old and is $2 PER load we needed to find an alternative quick!     The owner was sooooooooo helpful. Like help-you-load-your-laundry helpful. If you were washing a rug soaked in the blood of your slain lover she would probably tell you the precise time to add Tide with bleach to get the stains out. Not even joking. We started loading the washers after bringing in 3 full laundry baskets and she let us know that the washers pre-wash so by adding detergent in when the water starts going (4 seconds of laundry detergent for the big washer, 2 seconds of laundry detergent for the smaller washer) it'll help take out all the gross stuff from clothes, rugs, whatever you're washing. Unlike regular household washers the water from the pre-wash drains away and there is still residual laundry detergent in the wash so adding 2 seconds of laundry detergent in the bigger washing machine when it starts its real washing cycle is optimal in cleaning your clothes. I am used to laundry mats...I have not had a washer or dryer in the house in my entire life because I grew up in apartments and condos. So when I tell you this is the cleanest laundry mat and the cleanest my clothes have ever been after a wash I AM NOT kidding. Although the place is small it wasn't crowded and we washed, dried, and folded 8 loads of laundry in about 2 hours.     $3.00 for the smaller washers and $6 for the larger washers. There's a change machine in the laundry mat. I fit 2 loads in the smaller one and 3 loads in the larger washers...the dryer is 25 cents for 4 minutes...45 minutes worked for us spent around $25-$28 on laundry, about 8 loads of it, I usually spend about $25 on laundry in a sub par laundry mat so I walked away incredibly happy and fresh smelling. This is our laundry mat indefinitely.P.S. if you need more moolah for laundry there is a Bank of Hawaii ATM at the mini mart up the street...
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,9/5/2012,295,401,15,24,21>The Barbers Point Bowling Center is a tribute to the old school days to relax and have a good time. I hosted my child's birthday party here which was well received. The cost to reserve 3 lanes for 2 hours was only $96. They also provided me a few tables for my store bought cupcakes. Unfortunately, all food and beverages (except for cake) must be purchased from their snack bar. As for the facility, it wasn't the state of the art but had all the necessary equipment to let the good times roll (literally!). Upon request, the staff can lift the bumpers in the gutter and there is a portable ramp for the kids to let the ball roll onto the alley. They also have leagues which can conflict when you want to bowl so be sure to call before making the trip. Shoe rentals are $2 and games are between $3-3.50.Located about 1.5 miles south from the H1, this place has 16 lanes to accommodate the beginners to the pros. So bowl your 300 game here!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,9/4/2012,145,143,2,17,12>I'm always on the lookout for good seafood, and when I read about this new store I just had to get down there.  I have to say I wasn't disappointed. They've got a nice choice of poke at reasonable (or better) prices. We bought spicy ahi poke, shoyu poke (w/onions), bacalao salad & some fried ahi belly.  The fish in the poke was very fresh.They also had:OpihiSashimiRaw crabRaw squidDried akuSoybeansRoast PorkChar SiuHo'io (ferns)PastelePoke BowlsThey are super friendly, and helpful.  It's a nice place to pick up pupus, and a great addition to the Windward Side.  **It's located next to 7-11  (the one across Jack-in-the-Box).Yelp 365 Challenge:  #41/365
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,9/3/2012,76,112,3,13,5>9 MONTH UPDATE!I am still a regular with Cariann! Since my first visit back in May 2011 I have regularly gone to upkeep my Brazillian. Today I am still just as happy with Cariann's services as I was back then.She is always consistent in her work. Even as a regular customer I still get the same high quality service that I recieved the first time around. Everything is always very clean. In fact I have actually noticed a few upgrades! The procedure itself usually takes about 20-30 minutes so I am usually in and out in no time. She still uses the same procedure and two different waxes, and eases you through.A couple things I appreciate with Cariann though is that she is always willing to work with your scheduling! Makes the world of the difference for me as I have a tight schedule. Also that her customer service is superb. Visiting her for maintanence feels more like catching up with an old friend. She is very friendly and makes you forget the awkwardness of the situation. As I mentioned the first time I am not a small girl...I am extra thick and very self conscious but Cariann is very professional and makes the experience a good one.Is it still painful? Sure. But going back regularly thins the hair out and I can assure you that eases the pain by a whole lot. First time is always the worse after that the pain lessens with every visit.***Lastly I requested she do my eyebrows and for the first time in too long my eyebrows are perfectly matched, nicely shaped, but still thick just like I like them. I wish I had asked her earlier. She did a great job and I am going to maintain them with her as well from now on.^__^
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,9/2/2012,90,166,7,9,10>Pho alert! Pho alert! Another great spot for pho in town!Saigon Pearl is a pretty new restaurant located close to Ala Moana on Kona street. I came here for my usual dad and daughter pho date. After trying about 15 or so different pho restaurants, we always get excited to try someplace new to see how it stands up to our tried and true favorites (Ahem... *Bac Nam!!!*)The restaurant is tiny, but it is really cute and clean. We snagged the last table and there were several people ordering take out (busy is good!)We ordered our usual for the ultimate taste test comparison:Spring rolls - Unlike most places that use pork, Saigon Pearl makes theirs with ground chicken. These were delicious! It's definitely not the ground chicken in the frozen log variety, but instead had a really nice texture and clean taste. At $7.95, these were a little pricier than I would have liked, but still very good.yelp.com/biz_photos/zfzA… Seafood pho - I went LARGE for an extra dollar and was super stoked with the portion. A huge bowl stuffed with noodles, shrimp, calamari, and fish ball. I thought it was a nice touch that the shrimp had every part of the shell removed except for the very tip of the tail which made it very easy to eat with chopsticks. The broth is light and missing those rich anise notes that send me spinning, but some people prefer this variety.yelp.com/biz_photos/zfzA…Combination meat pho - No complaints. It was gone. My dad also noted that the broth is less flavorful than Bac Nam.Spicy vietnamese beef soup - Again, the broth was on the weaker side. I really prefer the depth of the spices in the version from Saigon on King. However, the quality of meat was a cut above shall we say. No weird grisselly pieces and plenty of what looked like brisket. I'm interested in going back to try some of their other soup varieties such as the spicy oxtail and crab with vermicelli. While not the most economical bowl of pho, I'd recommend giving 'em a try if you're in the area. NOTE: Two parking lots on either side of the restaurant. The service is a bit off - as in one of the ladies was flirting with my dad... WEIRD! There's another shop in this strip mall that fixes PCs or MACs for $29... you could get your computer worked on while you eat!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,9/1/2012,216,193,7,11,7>This locally owned Lounge has been my new favorite spot to hang out at! It has been open for about three weeks now and is great for large parties, gatherings, if you like to sing karaoke, or listen to live entertainment on Fridays, and Saturdays! I think the musicians go on stage about 6pm.   The lounge looks about 3500 square feet with a beautiful hand crafted bar put together by the owners, totally rennovated from what it was before, beautiful white couches and bar stools, a huge dart room, a nice sized stage with a mural in the background of Waikiki and Diamond Head.  The food menu is a bit small but Im sure will have more selection as the trial and errors occur in the beginning of opening a brand new bar.  There is a happy hour from 2pm-6pm and drinks are $1 cheaper! Domestic beer is $3 after happy hour and Imports are $4. I just learned of Bud Light Platinum, Miller 64? with only 64 calories per beer...something like that...  I just tried a shot called orange cream which tastes like an orange creamsicle! YUM! Its made with whipped vodka and orange juice! My new FAV!!  They have 4 beers on tap. There was Heiniken, Longboard Lager, Bud light and Blue Moon! You get a nice orange slice with the Blue Moon beer! Tastes really good together!   The service is great! There are tons of waitresses that come around and circle all the tables so it seems like they work together and its not just one waitress that serves you.   The owners are two fire fighters and their wives. So a great crowd comes into this place! I met a lot of Kamehameha grads in there that went to school with Javan (one of the owners). Chanelle is Javan's wife and she is a beautiful bartender and has the best aloha spirit if you were to ask anyone that knows her.   You can book a birthday party, retirement party, social gathering at Pau Hana Lounge and the owners can cook you whatever menu you would like! They are open to whatever the customer wants!   This bar is a great locals hangout with beautiful women and handsome men! Great looking people! Im happy to say Pau Hana Lounge has more women in here than men and that is great because its a nice socializing atmosphere!  Definitely NOT a buy me drinkie bar like downstairs. Just a friendly atmosphere in a contemporary-designed setting.   The greatest part about drinking here is that the waitresses are happy to serve you iced water after  a few drinks to make sure you dilute yourself before you are on your way!  Their hours of operation are Monday through Sunday from 2pm to 2am.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,8/31/2012,138,137,2,13,13>"Mmm, this Is a tasty burger" That was the first thing that popped into my head when taking a bite of the Paniolo burger.  I was surprised by how juicy it was for such a large burger causing me to constantly reach for new napkins.  The jalepenos were good and provided a nice kick to the burger.  I also got to try a quarter of the Blue Hawaii and Korean Big Bang burger.  The Blue Hawaii burger is supposedly their best seller, however, I'm not a big fan of blue cheese, so it was just "alright" for me. I thought the The Korean Big Bang was good, but a bit salty.  I can't imagine having to eat the whole burger, but my quarter portion of it was delicious. The garlic fries had a strong, but not overpowering garlic taste.  I really liked it, but I am intrigued about the truffle fries.  Plus, they sell Ono Pops!The restaurant is pretty easy to find.  It is located on Beretania St right across Times Supermarket.  There is a parking lot adjacent to the restaurant and street parking in front.  The restaurant itself is a bit small.  Be prepared to share a table or take it to go.  If I'm ever craving for a real burger, I'll be coming here...
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,8/30/2012,704,321,17,8,6>I wuv dis pla... "hic" ... place.It's like my ex-girlfriend who cheated on "hic" me. HEY! You've got nice shoes man. Where "hic" did you get those... ARE YOU HUNGRY?Wait... wait... what was I saying? Oh yeah... this bar is an amazing divers bar.HA! Oops! NO! Wait! Dives bars. Hoooeee!  I mean... dive bar! It's a great dive bar! Kinda dangerous feeling you know? Dark. Smelly. Was that a bug? ... I like bugs.I mean... not actually ON ME or anything. Just in general. I saw a moth in Spain that be-heads... I mean... behaves like a "hic" humming bird! YEAH! I KNOW RIGHT? Freaking crazy! Lets go get some food man....
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,8/29/2012,419,552,6,17,17>4.3 stars.Came here with my brother & a friend and we really dug the authentic gastropub atmosphere.  We got there around 6 and in perfect timing as three dudes were leaving just as we were arriving.  Place was very spacious, nicely designed (however the separated back bar area was too isolating; use of lighted glass behind where the liquor's displayed, could have been more open & interesting).  Ambiance:  4.5 stars.We were delighted to indulge in their brews on tap.  I pretty much hanged out with pints of Rogue's Deadguy Ale:  Delicious stuff!  My brother, who brews his own beer, decided on the more eclectic choices that I was not familiar with.  Beer selection:  4.5 stars.  My friend had the Liliko'i Mule (4.5 stars) that was extremely refreshing and fans of passion fruit will adore this one!We ordered burgers, their Scotch Egg and the Sausage & Bean dish.  The burgers were done nicely, but it was the beer cheese that set this one apart.  Very tasty with a bit of a kick; if you are a fan of blue cheese then you're in for a treat:  4.5 stars.  The Scotch Egg was interesting; an egg encased in a fried coating and what appeared like some sort of hash.  Nice texture, not salted enough even though the paper thin slices of pickled cucumber was the finishing touch:  3 stars.  The Sausage & Bean dish (technically called wursts,Ich denke) was really flavorful (despite not getting a side of mustard as requested) and the bean salad it was on was a nice touch:  4.5 stars.The bartenders are efficient and friendly:  4.5 stars.  Best to go early to chat them up and get their take on drinks, otherwise they're pumping things out as fast as they can when crowded.  By 7pm on Friday, it was pretty crowded with some seats left (none at the bar).  Once 8 pm came around, the place was extremely packed (23-35 age group).  The wait staff appeared to handle the crowd okay, however there were times you could tell the communication could have been better (where's my mustard!  LOL!)A long awaited and welcome addition to the bar scene.  We all agreed we would come back (perhaps soon) and enjoy more of what P+J has to offer.  Congrats thus far!Tally:Ambiance:  4.5 starsBeer:  4.5 starsLiliko'i Mule:  4.5 starsBurger:  4.5 starsScotch Egg:  3 starsSausage & Beans:  4.5 starsBartenders:  4.5 stars4.5+4.5+4.5+4.5+3+4.5+4.5=30/7= 4.3 stars.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,8/28/2012,390,471,18,28,24>Modern kaiseki.  It is a dining experience where appreciating the beauty of each dish is just as important as the flavor of the food.  One where the energy of your fellow diners, with their ooohs and ahhhhhs feeds your excitement.The preset menu changes monthly.  That said, it is very difficult to follow the food recommendations of others since individual dishes are rarely repeated and you have no say in what you will be eating.  While everything may not be to your personal taste, at least you can savor each presentation with your eyes.Ingredients are seasonal and fresh.  Everything is properly cooked.  Flavors are pronounced but clean  (close your eyes as you eat and you will taste every ingredient).  The ingredients harmonize well.  Very typical of Kyoto cuisine.My only complaint is the lapse in thought with the progression of courses.  A very subtle poached fish gets served after a grilled fish with a bitter fish liver sauce, ack.Presentation is very good.  Small portions of beautifully plated food.  Plates and stoneware have unique shapes and colors, some even whimsical that further heightens the experience.There is a small but decent wine and sake list.  Good prices.  It's not perfect but well worth the try. Note:  this is kaiseki.  The quantity of food is intended to be small.  Non drinkers may leave hungry.  If that's you, revel in the thought that you got to experience the true meaning of kaiseki.  Be like the monks, put a warm stone against your belly and smile.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,8/27/2012,779,223,10,26,24>I have been eagerly awaiting the grand opening of Cafe Blue- Bank of Hawaii's new cafeteria.  May 02, 2012, the cafeteria opened to the public (7am-2pm Mon-Fri) on the sixth floor of the Bank of Hawaii Main Branch at 111 South King St. in downtown.Run by Chef Maka, the kitchen has turned out some killer dishes and handed out a sampling the Tuesday before the grand opening.  The focus is serving fresh, vibrant cuisine and healthy cooking.  Today I had the vegetarian panini (eggplant, portobello mushroom, zucchini, tomato) and it was delicious.  A nice balance of acid and savory, scrunched between nice crisped up panini bread.  This sandwich had tons of flavor and was filling!   yelp.com/biz_photos/j94x…My favorite offering thus far is the fresh catch of the day sandwich.  This succulent piece of the freshest fish (Maka has the hookups and word on the street is that this fish doesn't even hit auction) is complimented by sauteed onions, ripe avocado and a tartar sauce.yelp.com/biz_photos/j94x…Check out the italian panini if you're into a nice hearty lunch.  The homemade italian sausage has a nice bite to it with great seasonings and the classic taste of fennel.  I love the onions and sweet peppers that bring balance to the spiciness of the sausage.yelp.com/biz_photos/j94x…I was intrigued to try the vegetarian options and one of the daily specials had tofu.  I love tofu.  Must be Japanese.  Maka put together a killer thai coconut curry with cilantro, carrot, red onion, eggplant, snap peas, mushrooms, and tofu.  I couldn't get enough of the dish and wanted more.  I could eat this every day during Lent.  Wow.  The presentation blew me away after I had gotten back to my desk.yelp.com/biz_photos/j94x…14 hour beef stew.  Nuff said.yelp.com/biz_photos/j94x…If you're into some tasty, healthy, quality food and find yourself downtown, head down to the Bank of Hawaii Main Branch and go up to the 6th floor.  You won't regret it.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,8/26/2012,263,224,7,8,10>I'm in Waikiki and I'm looking to try something different. Please don't direct me to a typical tourist trap in Waikiki. I want food for a good price and something different. Gee Cy can you ask for anything more? LOCAL people be aware there are some gems of eateries in Waikiki. Just make sure you have you have a wonderful site to help you find it.....um hello I'm talking about YELP.  Yes YELP help me find this place hidden in the middle of Waikiki. Its Mediterranean food or is it Greek? Ah heck its Middle Eastern. Don't go looking for a big sign, its actually a Kiosk with a small sign and actually think it actually doesn't say Da Falafel King.  The staff is really nice and they follow their yelp status, so be nice Cy.Of course I'll be nice when the food is good. Yes the food is good, cooked and made right and front of you, so you know the food is fresh. The chicken and lamb kabob was yummy. Oh by the way if you call yourself the king of Falafel, it better be good. Well I'm not a Falafel connoisseur but it was pretty dam good to me.Nice to know I have another option in Waikiki a Greek option...I mean a Mediterranean option...ah you know what I mean.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,8/25/2012,81,112,3,17,12>I totally heart the Kroc!!!I waited a bit before writing my review, because I wanted to really check it out.  My review is primarily of the fitness center and aquatics areas.I signed my family up because it's so close to home, and the state of the art facilities and beautiful surroundings make it such a great place to spend our time.  The membership is $99 per month for up to five family members.  $99 a month is quite a bit of money for a gym membership, but when you split the cost up among all of us, and consider the variety of fitness options available, it's worth every penny.  Besides, this was an investment in our health and this wonderful place allowed us to change our lifestyle to conveniently include fitness into our DAILY lives.The fitness center is a nice size and has all the newest machines and equipment available.  Everything you need to get in shape is right there for you to experience. Free weights, TRX, Nautilius, Free Motion, treadmills, ellipticals, stationary-bikes...whatever your heart desires!  Bring your own sweat-towels people (standard gym-etiquette) The membership also allows you access to all of the group fitness classes available to include super fun Zumba, Pi-Yo, Aqua Fit and Yoga just to name a few.  All of the classes are designed to meet a variety of fitness levels and the instructors are great at making the classes fun for everyone.   The aquatics areas are fantastic!  It includes a fun kiddie-pool and splash area, another open swimming area, a lazy-river, an adult-only hot-tub and two big water slides.  For those who enjoy swimming laps, the 14 lane lap pool is gorgeous, complete with LED lighting for those evening lap swims.  All areas are manned around the clock by lifeguards.  No..the pools aren't heated, but come on now?  It's heated by the warm Hawaiian sunshine on the Ewa Plain :)The locker-rooms are very clean and nicely appointed (the women's locker room is, as i can't speak for the men's room).  The lockers are for day-use only, so bring your own lock.  There are large changing areas with benches as well as multiple private shower stalls with steaming hot water :) There are also private family locker rooms available that have a shower, changing stall, sink and vanity and toilet.  These are great when coming with the kids and there are larger family sized lockers to accommodate all of your belongings located just outside these locker rooms.The staff here is AWESOME!  Every person we have had the pleasure of dealing with has been professional, extremely courteous and so welcoming.  They offer a free orientation (by appointment) of the fitness facilities and a staff member will give you a guided tour and go over all of the machines and equipment and show you how to use them.  I must say that the Kroc has become our favorite place to spend our evenings, and some of our mornings too :)  We have made new friends with fellow members and staff, and have spread the word to our neighbors who are now members also.  It is so nice to have a positive place that is close to home that we can enjoy together as a family.  I don't know about you, but I'll be at the Kroc!  :)
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,8/24/2012,446,222,7,10,8>Wow talk about a little hole-n-the wall joint you'd never know existed unless someone told you.  I love the atmosphere and the ambiance here.  If it weren't for the diverse crowd that this place attracted you would think this Japanese Izakaya is....well in fact in Japan.  The place attracts island visitors from nearby hotels or surrounding condo residents....and I say this because this place has almost no to little parking.  There's a tight lot in the back with about 4 stalls but if you have a big or bulky car good luck getting in and out.  If you really want to hit this place....which despite the parking difficulties i do recommend....try parking on the street nearby on Holbron.Why would I say check this place out even if there's no parking?  Because the food here is good.  If you like sushi or are a fan of izakaya style dishes you'll enjoy yourself here.  We had the ama ebi, sake nigiri, bitter melon, agadashi tofu and some items from the robata grill....which is another plus, robata is always a nice thing to have at a Japanese eatery especially if you love Yakitori!This place can get very crowded. We went on a Saturday at 6pm and by the time we left at 7:30 it was packed so you'd probably not chance it and make a reservation.  Tell them Brandon sent you. It'll get you nothing and nowhere if you do but why not.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,8/23/2012,438,680,4,14,13>In all the ways that Gomaichi Ramen failed to impress me, Goma Tei got it right.  There is no doubt that by the time my bf and I arrived at Goma Tei (our 3rd attempt of ramen for the night), I was really hangry (irritable due to hunger).  In fact, after our disastrous visit at Gomaichi Ramen-I was ready to call it a night and drive home.  But God bless my sweet and patient bf who set out to rectify the horrible night that Gomaichi Ramen had created.  "Let's try one more spot," he said and drove over to the mall.While I had initially shut down the idea of grabbing ramen from the mall-I have to say that in this instance, I will gladly admit wrong and eat my words.  I've walked by Goma Tei many times and cast it off as expensive mall food...boy was I wrong!When we arrived, there was a wait list.  However, we were seated within minutes and our server was the polar opposite of the servers we had encountered at Gomaichi Ramen.  She was friendly, took her time to help us navigate the menu, and followed up with us multiple times.  She made me feel like we were the only diners in the shop, which was definitely not the case!  When I told Jennifer this was my first visit to Goma Tei, she not only explained the difference between the tantan (which include chili oil, vinegar, and sesame) and shoyu broths, but also brought us some samples to try.  Having tasted both broths, I was excited to dig into an entire bowl of the tantan ramen.  I went with Jennifer's suggestion of the tantan char siu ($9.68) and my bf ordered the char siu shoyu ramen ($9.48).  We were going to each order a side of the curry rice ($3.50), but Jennifer piqued our interest on the gyozas ($6.98)-so we ordered one side of curry rice and one order of gyozas to share.Let me just state for the record that the ramen bowls are huge!  I really enjoyed all the componets of my tantan ramen-broth, noodles, char siu, and kai lan(?) .  The ramen noodles were tasty and had just the right amount of chewiness to withstand being soaked in the broth.  Goma Tei is generous with their meat offerings.  I received about 4 thick (approximately 10 mm) cuts of  char siu in my bowl of ramen.  The char siu isn't the sweet kind that you see at the Chinese BBQ shops, but it will melt-in-your mouth and is a must have if you like pork.The side order of curry rice was larger than I had expected.  The curry isn't overly sweet and there are bits of shredded chicken in it.The gyozas were quite good!  Unlike the commerical gyozas, these had a thin skin and a lot of meat!  They were perfectly fried and not oily at at :)Both my bf and I failed to finish all our ramen.  We also had a little bit of the curry rice left over.  Coming here, definitely helped turn our night around.  I was very impressed with Goma Tei's food and service.  I could come back here in a heartbeat!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,8/22/2012,695,1184,4,9,7>While I was running errands in and around Kaimuki this afternoon, I noticed this place had opened up very recently. I assumed they have been in business for less than a month. Before they moved in, long time Chinese restaurant Kwong On was there before selling and having a real estate take over. After a short turn over, Aloha Crepes stepped into this space and they look promising.  I also wanted to check out the space that was soon to be Asuka restaurant, as I love to do shabu shabu from time to time. For your reference, this place is across the street from First Hawaiian Bank, so you can't really miss it. Very limited parking, so your best bet would be to park in the parking lot near 1215 Sierra Drive, or the parking lot in back of First Hawaiian Bank. There is the parking lot in back of Koa Pancake House / US Postal Service to expand your parking needs. I really never got into crepes, but it was a comfort food that soon had my mouth watering for more.After entering the establishment, the staff greeted me with a cheerful noise, and that made me feel more welcome. That's how you do it! After looking at the menu, I didn't know that they had alot of options for crepes! So awesome! So, I bought the one called "OMG" and the other one called "WHOA" for my mom, both with ice cream on the side. I think she would like this treat on a lazy Sunday afternoon. With that said, there are more savory items that still need to be explored. Most notably, the pizza crepes and their smoothies. I hope this place will be around for a long time, since there's nothing like a great crepe to celebrate the day!Support local!B+
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,8/21/2012,299,171,26,16,15>"Auntie, how much this one?""$20!""I give you $10.."""What?!  Real leather!  $17!""Yeah but stay worn out, look!  $12..""No, no.. too low""Okay, okay $15.""$15."Okay so I don't quite have those haggling skills yet, but I'm learning.Why go to the Swap Meet?  Bargains and FUN!I always see or hear something interesting at the swap meet, my girlfriend and I sometimes go just for the entertainment.  I mean, who doesn't love rifling through other peoples belongings?I was rummaging through this bin of crappy camera gear and my girlfriend points out a 35mm slide at the bottom of the container.  Curious, I picked it up to investigate...  Tits.  No kidding, it was a picture of a lady sprawled out on the floor, topless.  We were cracking up!  It felt good to act like we were nine, again.  Pretty much made our morning.On Sundays, don't waste your time on the outer circle of touristy stuff and food vendors, check out the inner rows where you can find everything from fresh produce, plants, jewelry, kitchenware, tools, furniture, pocket knives, electronics, books, dvd's and whatever you might find at a garage sale or a goodwill.  You can also find some interesting military surplus gear, too, just stay away from the MRE's that have been sitting out in the sun.  Those won't be good for long.  For fresh MRE's check out yelp.com/biz/six-eagles-….Something look overpriced?  Haggle away!  A lot of people don't even put price tags on their things.  You just lift it up and say, "Auntie, how much this one?"  If you're too shame to release your inner-local and bust out the pidgin, just look interested and you'll get some attention.  Be aware, just as much as you can find great bargains here, you can get ripped off, too.  So hold your cards close, and have a good time!
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,8/20/2012,559,209,13,22,17>Unlike most museums where you look from afar and keep your hands to yourself.  The Hawaii Children's discovery allows your child's  5 senses run loose.  Your child can look, touch, feel, smell, and taste (they now have a snack shop) to their hearts delight all while learning.  Tips1.  Hours of OperationThe only downfall of this place is the limited hours so come as early as you can becuase 2 hours zooms by quickly.2. Bring a CameraThere's so much photo ops at this place.  I did it to my oldest and I did it to my youngest.  I dressed them up in all the cultural clothes located on the 3rd floor.  Coax them into putting the different costume outfits on the 1st and 2nd floor.  3.  Bring Snacks and DrinksOutside food and drinks is not allowed in the building but they have  a bench outside.  If you forget they have a snack shop.4.  Take a breakI noticed that my 15 month got sensory overload and just started breaking down and running a muck.  A tiny Godzilla trampling and screaming to get what he could not grasp in his hands.  After a quick snack my little one calmed down and played nicely.5.  Have fun, but adhere to the household rules and you and your kiddos will have a blast.6.  Bring another adult, especially if you bring more than one child.a) for adult breaksb) since there is so much to do. one child may want to do this and another child may want to do that thing that is located on the other side of the room.  c) for potty breaksExhibitsThere are 5 different exhibits and 3 floors.  They are currently in the works of building another one, I can't wait.  1.  Tot SpotGeared towards 5 and under.  Your little one can go fishing, pretend to sail on a miniature  sail boat, figure out puzzles, and experience other cool activities.  2.  Fantastic YouTake a look at your the different parts of your body.  Some cool things to do, roll around in a stomach, brush humongous size teeth, and test your nose and guess that smell.  3.  Your TownA mini sized version of a working community.  From the bank, weather channel, firefighter, and other community helper jobs. 4.  Hawaiian Rainbows  I've been here a dozen times and my oldest always wants to dress up like a plantation worker and pick the pineapples.  If there is not line at the huge bubble maker he could do this forever.  This truly test my patience because you have to do it just right. 5.  Your Rainbow WorldMy favorite section and usually where we spend the least amount of time because we work our way up.  A handful of different cultures to experience within a few steps of each other.  Little cute homes with books, authentic child size clothing, art, house hold items, and food packaging.  I couldn't stop snapping pictures of my kiddos in the jeepney  :)  If you have a young family, this is definitely one of the places you must go!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,8/19/2012,3140,188,21,16,22>(T) ry the portobello mushroom burger(H) ike up Diamond Head nearby(E) at the Loco Moco as well(B) reakfast service is available(L) ove the dessert selections(U) ndescribably delicious are those scones(E) verything i ate so far was fantastic(B) ring an appetite with you(E) xpect big crowds here(R) ed Velvet Cake is a must try(Y) ou have to eat here at least one time(C) raving those scones as i write this review(R) ich, snooty, people eat here as well(E) at the Grilled Salmon...So Good(A) nnoying birds all over the place(M) any choices to choose from here(C) hicken Eggplant Sandwich...Yum!!(H) ours are from 7am to 9pm(E) at the Fried Rice Special for breakfast(E) xpectations here are always exceeded(S) ave the scones for last(E) ating the scones here makes me cry tears of joy(S) treet parking is also available(C) heating on my diet is unavoidable here(O) rder the Lemon Crunch Cake too(N) eed i say more(E) ven i need a break after writing this review(S) o moist and delicious are those scones(A) lmost done with this review..promise(R) amfis's braincells are fried(E) at the Kalbi Beef Plate too(L) et me tell you one thing(E) ating the Blueberry Creamcheese Scones here is(G) oing to make you think twice about(E) ating another scone again(N) eed i say more?(D) iamond Head Market and Grill has everything you need(A) ll the salads here are so good(R) eviewing this place has made me hungry(Y) our patience reading this review makes me want to say "Happy Eating" =) Just looking at this picture makes this review worth writing...yelp.com/biz_photos/SRVc…
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/18/2012,173,319,8,10,8>Catching the bus has some great benefits. *Watching for crazy drivers and pedestrians are completely eliminated as a passenger on the bus. *Finding parking is no longer an issue.*reducing my carbon footprint is in full gear *using mass transportation in the city with horrendous traffic helps keep more cars off the road.*allowing my mind to wander and day dream keeps stress at an all time low* "site seeing" increases due to several points above.Several mornings as I was riding the bus to work I would see the beginnings of this dessert place unfold.  I was curious, intrigued, hopeful, and counting the days until they opened so I could experience this new dessert. Alas, as my life would have it my dessert tummy and frost city had our first meeting this past April, with one of my besties, Katrina D.  It was a long awaited moment and I was so excited I would finally get to share the joy of frost city like so many others.  I looked at the extensive menu and though my heart for chocolate always leads me in that direction I wanted to step out of my chocolate bubble and try something different.  I went for: LYCHEE. The presentation of this work of are was gorgeous.  We both got regular sizes and i don't remember the flavor that Katrina got.  Perhaps because my Lychee was too good for me to remember.  The regular is a pretty big portion so make sure you have room for it after dinner.  To me, the lychee tasted like eating a fresh lychee fruit! It was such a wonderful taste in my mouth I can see why so many people flock to frost city on hot days!!!  Our piece of art came with a few of those jelly balls and fruit and it made a nice touch next to the tower of lychee infused ice.Customer service here was really friendly as well.  They had Katrina and I try a new flavor they're experimenting with, Li Hing mui, we told them it's a pretty strong salty taste but with another fruit flavor it would be great! I wonder if they put it out into circulation yet and which fruit was the lucky one! =) I am so happy to have finally jumped on the frost city bandwagon and I highly recommend that you do too! i only hope to try more flavors when I visit home again soon.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,8/17/2012,731,1118,15,19,15>So what does it take to get one of Chad Y's prestigious five-star reviews? Is it hosting a birthday party and having to clean up the cake on the floors after his friends cake him? Perhaps we should name not just one drink, but two drinks after the man himself? Why isn't that enough!? I'm sure all these thoughts went through Danny (the owner's head) after my many, many, many visits that would make me look like Norm at Cheers. At the end of the day, it's all about the service, the drinks (in this case), the ambiance, and the overall atmosphere that woo me over and Wang Chung's is simply the best in Honolulu. I'm often asked, Is it gay? Is it straight? Is it for singles? Is it for couples? The answer to all these questions is simply all of the above! Wang Chung's is a place where things are left at the door and you can simply have a carefree and comfortable night filled with fun and some great cocktails.While you will want to order your standard cocktail that you may have at any bar in any city, I encourage you to have that as your first drink so that you can properly compare the bar to anywhere in the world. Then, leave that drink behind and order one of the specialty cocktails that adorn its menu. Whether it is the Mexi-coke, Seleena's Lotus Flower, Ryan's Sweet and Sour Pucker, or a Chad's a Bottom, the wide ranging menu and the skills of their bartenders is its secret weapon. The bold flavors of the fresh fruit juices and the quality liquors make an incredible combinationThe service is stellar and don't let a Chinese bear hug scare you away (it's not like a panda is coming after you). Dan (the owner) is often there to greet you with a smile and a hug, and if not Cory, Henry and the others are sure to greet you warmly that makes you feel you are at home, even if you might be from out of town. It is that warm feeling that brings the locals and tourists alike in a small patch of Waikiki that exudes the feeling of being at someone's living room. Its size can be its biggest detriment on busy nights, but don't let it get to you. The crowd is more than accommodating and the wait for a drink is never long. Plus its really part of the charm that makes up Wang Chung's. Parking is also a pain, but when is it ever a joy in Waikiki. Plan for street parking, otherwise the King's Village lot is next door and is rather reasonable. Karaoke is $1 per song after 8:00 pm or free before then (along with some great happy hour specials). The list is far reaching and is very up to date. It is hands down one of the best lists in town and is constantly being updated with the hits and some not so big hits (remember Rebecca Black?). Wang Chungs...what you lack you more than make up for in other ways. You truly are the cream of the crop and offer one of the best bar experiences I have ever encountered.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,8/16/2012,233,132,6,11,7>This is one of my favorite pizza places because the pizza is awesome and they're always open!  It's right across the street from Home Bar on Kalakaua Ave.  You can park in the lot around the corner on Fern St.  The place is small and there's enough seat for about 10 people if you want to eat inside.  I usually do takeout (Call in your order).  The owner is really nice but she runs the shop by herself so don't expect speedy service if it's busy. My favorite here is the French Bread Pizza.  I usually get the Spinach and Garlic one.  She puts a lot of garlic in it!  The pizza is about $8 and it's enough for 1 person to eat for a meal.  Everyone seems to love the Spinach Garlic Calzone here.  It's good but has tons of cheese in it so keep that in mind.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,8/14/2012,1046,338,13,12,9>Went here for round three last friday.  Stacy was so nice and helpful as usual, but this time we got to sit at the bar.  James and Blake are super cool and always making sure you are ok.  This was only my third time here and James and Stacy already knew my names and what we wanted.  Ordered my usual Ehukai set. and the wife orders the expensive stuff, uni, otoro, hirame, and salmon.  We also tried the shrimp tempura this time.  I was wonderful.  Its not your usual 3 piece tempura dish, it was cut up, sprinkled with green onions and garnished with daikon.  Sauce was also drizzled on top.  Favorites is the Kona roll, tempura chips, hamachi and shima aji(Japaese papio) is my new fav fish.  Oily creamy and firm hamachi like taste is the best way to describe it.Stacy save me a this week....Im coming back!BTW 1 visit $80 2nd visit $100 3rd visit $150.  Do you see a disturbing trend going on here.  Yes and is all worth it ....its that good.  Next time getting the $50 mauna kea and 2 shimaaji 2 hamachi and tempura.  I need to clear the $200 mark this time.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,8/13/2012,260,347,8,9,11>Gosh darn you soft chewy noodle in soup base, you do it to me everytime! En-wrapped in your greatness I'm enslaved to your wrath.The effects of your soft chewy texture have forever been engraved in my memory. In fact when someone mentions the words soft and chewy, like a person with turrets my mind secretly blurts out the word Marukame. How does one get over you, how does one fight off these urges to stray far away from you on a day by day basis. A craving for me it has become. I often stare out at the sunset and reminisce of days once past, a day when i used to pass you by in wonder of you're mesmerizing attractiveness. Looking so inviting, with a long line of customers before me. How jealous i was! You just give your greatness up to anyone that walks through your doors? At such an excellent price for the excellent service given?I had to try you out for myself. That day, you didn't have anyone waiting on you. It was the middle of the day, i was dehydrated from my walk from the zoo. The loud sounds of animals mating  and sun whipping at me like a fiery dominatrix had taken all of the fluids out of me, and they needed to be replenished. Word around town was that your kamaage was the way to go, I've had dip dip ramen before and it was the best, but I've never had dip dip udon, and not like you served it. Getting in that line, placing my order, watching it getting made all in front of me so quickly and efficiently, how can you be so simple? One bite of the udon and i could taste the freshness and chewiness like no other. The dipping sauce, incomparable. It needs to be called udon-jacuzzi sauce, because i could have my udon sitting in it all day!I had the regular size last time, this next time I'm goin large. Hoping to fall into a deep sweet udon comatose. If i fall asleep there, maybe they'll at least throw me outside with a "togo" bag.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,8/12/2012,145,84,7,13,13>To be honest, I wasn't looking forward to trying this place out only because I'm not a fan of eating with my hands, but YO it was totally worth the experience and I thank Marc L. and Greg A. who I went with and Danny, our awesome server.Our party of 3 arrived at 8:30pm on Saturday and waited about an hour... There's a clip board on the front door hangin' so make sure you put your name down first. We finally got seated after 9:30. It's much roomy than I expected.  The service was kind of slow, but I understand since it was super packed and busy, plus it gave us time to look over the menu. Anyways, Danny was our server and he was awesome at explaining the menu. For 3 people we weren't too hungry and just wanted to sample the place before feasting, so we got the combo #3 ($40). We mixed the Louisiana and Garlic sauce together and it was BOMB! Each of us order rice ($2) on the side. Best thing to do is put the sauce over your rice and do it by using one of you clam shells as a spoon, LOL, that's what I did! Hey you're already using your hands, why not get a little creative, know what I mean? ;] And they dump a whole bunch of lemon slices on your table, yes! We also got hooked up with two side orders of fries, Sweet potato and Cajun, just because they forgot our order under all the chaos. Hey! free fries, dats cool! The slices are thick and it comes out Hot.Overall, great experience! The manager came to our table after to greet us and asked us how it was. We left the place after 11pm. Super friendly staff and a Family run business. I am definitely in on supporting businesses doing something a little different with a little kick to it! Best of luck Kickin' Kajun!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,8/11/2012,81,87,4,22,11>La Cucina opened up a couple of weeks ago in the space formerly occupied by Cafe Imperial in Imperial Plaza, and has done a stellar job impressing diners right from its start.  Its co-owners, Don in the kitchen and Dara working front of house, are both from Mediterraneo; and have opened up a wonderful little Italian restaurant that takes the care to do every aspect of their operation right.  I met up for lunch here with Yelpers Kimo S. and Wendell Y. and we were all impressed.Here's what you need to know about La Cucina:  FOOD:  Exemplary.  I talk a lot about fundamentals, and La Cucina gets the fundamentals right.  Fresh hand-made pasta which is then hand-cut.  Careful selection of ingredients.  Sauces prepared the right way; with dishes that demonstrate a philosophy of excellence.We shared the Crostini al Porcini, toasted baguette slices topped with fresh mozzarella and a packed heaping of a Porcini mushroom mixture blended with Truffle Oil.  Wonderfully fragrant and delicious, this made us want to order a bottle of wine with our meal; and we ended up with a bottle of Villa Sparina, which turned out to be an excellent choice to pair with my Frutti di Mare.Frutti di Mare is a dish that is simple in its flavor and preparation, but difficult to get absolutely right, which La Cucina does.  Hand-made, hand-cut Linguine, perfectly balanced flavors that showcase the delicate flavors of the Clams, Mussels, Prawns, Fish and Calamari wrapped up in light tomato wine sauce.  Even more impressive was that all the seafood was cooked perfectly, which shows perfect timing and application of heat in the pan; something that only comes with extensive experience and great care by the person preparing the food.  The Bolognese with fresh hand-made hand-cut Tagliatelle was equally well prepared and made me jealous that I couldn't eat the whole thing myself.  The Spinach Ravioli was a bit meager in portion, but made up for it in flavor (especially that great sauce).  The Creme Brulee Cheesecake was great as well, combining two of my favorite desserts in one; crispy creme brulee topping on top of soft, creamy cheesecake.My only issue would be with the portion size, but considering the quality, is perfectly acceptable.  Otherwise, perfect.PARKING: La Cucina is on the ground floor of the Imperial Plaza building.  To enter the parking garage, go around to the back side of the building to Kawaiahao Street.  Park in one of the spaces marked with green above it.  Walk toward the Kapiolani Blvd side of the building, and you will find La Cucina among the ground floor shops.  Parking is validated for 3 hours.ORDERING/ SEATING:  Full Service.  5 Tables of 4, 2 tables of 2.  The restaurant fills up at mealtimes.  Reservations are recommended.  Lead time is understandably slow-paced, with only Don in the kitchen - and everything is made to order - but they still managed to serve us in 20 minutes.  Impressive.SERVICE:  Excellent.  As of 11 May 2012, La Cucina is a two person operation.  Co-owners Dara and Don run the whole operation, with Don in the kitchen and Dara handling the front of house.  Both of them are wonderful people who go out of their way to make sure you're taken care of.   It can get busy, with only Dara servicing all the tables; but its understandable.  I hope they can afford to hire another server and another chef soon.I dripped a little bit of sauce on my white shirt, and without my asking, Dara brought me a glass of club soda for me to dab the sauce off of my shirt with (which totally, amazingly works, btw).  It's things like this that make me love restaurants -- its the care that's put into everything they do.ATMOSPHERE:  Beautiful restaurant (see photos); modern and classy, with floor to ceiling windows that allow in a lot of light (great lighting too).  Meters around 1/150 at f/8 ISO6400.  No discernable BGM, moderate volume at mealtime.  Good sized tables.  La Cucina is now on my short list for business lunch places.  I can't quantify why, but I just feel good in this place.  It's the kind of little Italian place I used to love finding and eating at when I used to live in San Francisco.  Would be a great place for a date.COST/ VALUE:  At lunch, entrees are roughly $10 to $14.  We ended up ordering a bottle of wine as well, with appetizer and dessert, and we ended up paying $40 each after tax and tip.  I wouldn't normally consider this a great value, especially at lunch, but taking into consideration the quality invested into the food here, I consider La Cucina a good value.  Still left hungry though (then again I eat a lot).VERDICT:4.5/5 with a nod to 5.  I love this place.  I can see myself becoming a regular here, especially considering its location.  Dara and Don are great, and they run a great little restaurant, and I will bring others back with me.  Kimo S., Wendell Y. and I have a return trip for dinner planned.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,8/10/2012,185,168,7,11,11>It's been a long time since I visited this Farmers Market because I usually work Wednesday nights so when I found myself free this past Wednesday I decided why not visit to find out what I have been missing.  I found that some of the same vendors are still there, but there are some different food tents there, like the Pig and Lady.  I remember my friend talking about how they had a good banh mi so seeing that I'm obsessed with those things I knew I had to give this place a try!It wasn't even 4pm when I arrived, but I saw that there was already a line to the Pig and Lady!  So, I walked a little faster to make sure I arrived there sooner rather than later and good thing too, since right after I arrived about 6 other people did.  *Whew* I missed the rush.  When it was my time to order because they were still setting up they told me that the banh mi would be about 15 minutes.  I was told it was worth it, though, because it is their signature dish, so I decided while I was waiting I'd do what any other foodie would do, order food from another vendor while waiting (... or maybe that's just the oinker in me)!  The whole time I waited the line did not let up which got me super excited (and antsy) to try my sandwich since long line = good food.  Finally, my name was called and as I walked up to the front of the tent I was immediately greeted by one of the biggest banh mi's I've ever seen in my life!  As I quickly drove home the smell of the freshly barbequed beef (cow tongue, in this intance) mixed with the smell of fresh cilantro taunted me.  At a red light I even contemplated to myself, "Take a bite... it's just one bite?  Come on, quick before the...." dammit, the light changed.  When I finally arrived at home I opened up the tin foil wrapped sandwich to reveal 1/2 inch thick pieces of cow tongue.  My first thought with pieces that big was that I hope it wasn't chewy, but it was the softest meat (besides good steak) that I ever bit into and that marinade.  Boy, did that tongue soak up that marination.  In fact, I loved that the juices from the tongue got soaked up into the bread because that added a nice flavor.  It was paired nicely with all the fresh vegetables like cucumber, daikon, cilantro, tomatoes and one other type of sauteed veggie (I want to say spinach, but am not sure).  I usually don't write reviews based off of my first time eating at a place and only trying one item, but I was that impressed with this sandwich I just knew I had to let the Yelp world know.  Next time you're at the Farmers Market definitely stop by the Pig and Lady!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2011,8/9/2012,157,226,10,9,10>Don't judge a book by it's cover.  Because the cover of this book is U-G-L-Y! Cafe Duck Butt is tucked away in a hard to find spot just off of Ward.  If you find it and actually go inside you will be pleasantly surprised. This joint is actually a legit Korean bar (and not dakine they rub your leg but they do provide great service)!  I found that each time I visit the young staff at Duck Butt are very attentive and friendly.  Oh and they actually also are easy on the eye- super cute girls and boys! Duck Butt serves good Korean grub and drinks- I tried spicy chicken wings, korean pancake, squid stuff however, main reason I come here is the flavored shoju!  Holy mother of shoju!!  I love this stuff!  They have coffee melona, yogurt, strawberry, you name it they probably have it! I reserved the karaoke room twice for parties and each time it was a blast.  Good food, good drinks and good service! Love the lighting and the set up of the rooms. The cost to reserve the room you ask? Zero dollars!!  Yep, you just feed the machine your money and chose your songs.  The karaoke songs are up to date and the korean videos on in the background are hilarious (and they get funnier the drunker you get).  Just remember if you want to have a party reserve early.PS. don't forget to leave your mark on the post-it wall next to the potty's.  PPS. never mind looking for parking just valetPPPS. Happy hour is deals 5-8pm!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,8/8/2012,298,227,9,14,14>I've been coming to Haiku Gardens since the beginning of time. I can't remember when it wasn't there. First, if I remember right,  it was just Haiku Gardens, then Chart House and now Haleiwa Joe's. Haleiwa Joe's and I got off to a bad start and I had no desire to go there until recently. A few years ago when they announced that Haleiwa Joe's was to replace the Chart House, I was suspicious that it might be some fake theme restaurant like Margaritaville with the sole purpose of selling tropical drinks to tourists. When they finally announced the opening we headed over to try it out. We showed up and there were lots of cars in the parking lot. They said, "yeah the opening was announced" but "we are closed for training". Then a couple of weeks later at dinner time, "Uh, we're closed for a private party."Third time is a charm right? They were just closed. I psychologically just blocked this place out of my mind. It just wasn't meant to be. They don't want to open for me...nooo...problemo.Surprise:  Well,turns out that  this is a great restaurant. Worth the wait I'm happy to say. About a year ago we took some out of town guests here and I was pleasantly surprised. Same beautiful restaurant over looking Haiku Gardens. (yelp.com/biz_photos/zlTf…)Friendly professional service. Exceptional food. We had Black and Blue Ahi appetizer.(yelp.com/biz_photos/zlTf…) One of my guests was so amazed she changed her order to the seared ahi plate. My wife had Chinese Style steamed Fish and daughter had Fresh Salmon with pesto. (yelp.com/biz_photos/zlTf…)Someone else had Barbecue Ribs. (yelp.com/biz_photos/zlTf…) I had the Grilled Salmon Spinach Salad with a side of sizzling Mushrooms and roasted garlic bread. Each item was 5 stars. Everyone was very happy with their choices.Service: Professional and flawless. The staff has been well trained and it shows. Second visit, just recently, we had more out of town guests but did not have a reservation. I went in by myself first because the lot was packed and looked like there was a big party getting started. Figured there was no harm in asking. Hostess said there was one table was left and it was ours if we wanted it....and told me to go get everyone.Repeat Performance: Another outstanding meal. More happy customers. We didn't even try the prime rib which has a lot of fans on Yelp.Vegetarian: No vegetarian menu. But my salad and additional side dishes made for a great meal. I just skipped the grilled salmon part of the spinach salad.My Advice: Come early and look around while it is still daylight. Get married here! (yelp.com/biz_photos/zlTf…)This place is nice and would be a great choice.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,8/7/2012,20,57,8,8,11>I can truly write this review with sheer confidence in cinnamons considering the fact that I'm writing this review with a bright yellow Cinnamons Restaurant shirt on. And I don't just use any old shirt from some restaurant! Of course when you come to Cinnamons it's a no brainer that you NEED to try one of there "delish" cinnamon rolls. It's really good just as I expected, it's not too sweet but also doesn't need frosting like the ones you pop in the oven.Another dish that I was tempted to try was the red velvet pancake which my friend graciously let me try a piece, even after I finished that piece she offered me another piece but of course I didn't take it since I felt bad and she was really enjoying it. But in an alternate world I would take her plate and gobble up that pancakes! They are pretty generous with portions, maybe not with the cinnamon roll but I guess when it comes to the cinnamon roll they must like the saying "Don't under estimate something by it's size".I am pretty satisfied with customer service. I had a party of 6 and we decided to just walk in without reservations (even though I suggested otherwise) and they seated us within 10-15 mins. You can tell that the employees here know how to handle big crowds through there service.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,8/6/2012,544,212,11,15,16>GLAD we came. If you go, you'll be GLAD you came. There's something about this "two sticks, one plate" place that just makes me SMILE..Warning, if you are anything like my mother and dislike chicken, this is no place for you.  Much of the 50 items on the menu are chicken related whether it be thigh, breast, wings, heart, liver and even cartilage.  My best friend and I came here on a Saturday Night thinking we would have to wait since we didn't have a reservation.  We looped around the building twice looking for parking and almost gave up, but found a space a block down and so we were stoked.  We didn't know they had free parking in the back of the building, so that's a tip for next time.We walked in and was greeted by all the staff members. We were expecting to wait for a table as it was 8:30 pm on a saturday night but were pleasantly surprised when we were seated right away.  Although it is recommended to make reservations. LIKES:(+) Service - Phenomenal Phenomenal Service!(+) Kirin Pitcher ($11.70) - There is more than the 3 large glasses that they say is in it so definitely grab a pitcher.(+) Momo Glad Yaki (Tare) - yelp.com/biz_photos/-6vl… very tender, flavorful and my favorite of the night.(+) Tsukune Cheese - yelp.com/biz_photos/-6vl… cheesy, melty goodness, definitely consume once served to your table(+) Tori Kamameshi - awesome tasting rice that takes 30 minutes to make, so definitely order it once you sit down.(+) Clean Bathrooms - Oh my gosh i cannot express how important clean bathrooms are.. Dirty Bathrooms are my pet peeve but this place has an immaculate bathroom.MEDIOCRITIES:(/) Mune Glad Yaki Shio - yelp.com/biz_photos/-6vl… This is chicken breast and getting the Shio style was probably our mistake as it turned out a little on the dry side but it was still very good. I just think the tare style would match much better.(/) Momo Spicy Teri-yaki - It wasn't that spicy but had a nice flavor to it. Just hard to eat since the onions and stuff on top does not stay on when you pick it up. DISLIKES:(-) Mixed drinks while very tasty were not as good a value as the beers.(-) Butabara and GyuKushi just didn't hit the spot for me. Stick to the chicken in my opinion.--Overall, I am in love with the atmosphere, food, and workers here.  I will definitely make this place a regular stop for me. GLAD GLAD GLAD
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,8/5/2012,1750,731,18,32,21>Morio's new location with a more extensive menu and slightly better hours. RESERVATIONSCall ahead for early reservations. The first seating is at 6pm/6:30pm. After that it is first come, first served (kind of like the old Place in Waikiki). This place is smaller than the Waikiki location, but the number of seats only differs by 1. It's a more intimate setting, so no matter where you're sitting you'll be able to hear Morio's jokes and funny comments.NEW MENUNow that he actually has a legit kitchen with a grease trap, he is able to use the fryer again! Hello soft-shell crab, tempura, katsu, Agedashi tofu, and deep fried goodness! He's also extended his menu by adding donburi and several other specialties.*This is only his temporary "opening" menu. According to Morio, he will have "a more sexy menu" once he is settled. This new "sexy menu" is sure to make you say "Ooohhh" and  "Aahhh!"FYI- Omakase is the way to go. BLUE CRABAnother exciting new change: no more imitation crab -- he now uses real hand picked blue swimming crab! What a difference! PARKING LOTAlso, this new place has a parking lot!! No more driving around looking for parking. No more paying that stupid auto propark machine!CASH, CHARGE, DISH WASHI asked Morio if he's accepting credit cards since he just opened... His reply: "Yes! Visa, MasterCard, or Dish Wash."LOLS KING STMorio's new location is on South King near the Piikoi Jack in the Box. It's the old Ichiryu. Just look for the Precision Radio building on the left-hand side of South King St. and turn left into the driveway (right before Jack's). He doesn't have his sign up yet, but it's coming!**Don't forget to BYOB!!!Yelp 365 - #072/365-UPDATE-Morio's sign is up!  yelp.com/biz_photos/A4og…
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,8/4/2012,676,463,7,15,10>Uni lovers unite!  Words cannot describe how much I love Hakone!  Being broke after graduating college, I cannot afford such luxuries as eating my beloved uni on a regular basis.  So what's the next best solution?!  Eat soooo much uni at Hakone for $50 that I'm sick of it until the next craving strikes.I love the sushi bar and the different amounts of quality types of nigiri and hand rolls.  Besides uni, they also have toro, salmon, ikura, and abalone to name a few.  The sashimi there is melt in your mouth good.  One of my favorites is the shabu shabu beef.  The beef is so tender and it's pretty fun to cook your own beef in a pot of boiling water at the buffet line.  I also love their plain green salad because their goma dressing is delicious!  Desserts are so-so but by that time, I'm so stuffed I could care less.Service is great.  They take away your plates frequently.  The restaurant is small so there usually isn't a crazy line at the buffet.  Better for phatties like me who loves instant gratification by getting food ASAP.  For sure the sushi buffet occurs on Fridays and Saturdays but I've also had it on a Thursday before.  Reservations is recommended and I would go early in the night if possible in case they run out of uni!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,8/3/2012,577,251,16,17,16>Dear Nico's Pier 38,I realize I did not address my previous review directly to you, but it is obvious you read it and took it to heart.  Moreover, you acted upon my recommendations.  I know they read more like complaints, but you had the wisdom to read them as recommendations.   Thank you for that.When I pinned that review just over a year ago, I never imagined it would spur you to close your old location and open in a new one that was free of the problems I complained about.  Halleluiah for you!In this new location most notably, the crowded little room with one little door where everything happens is long gone.  Again, Halleluiah for you!  You replaced it with a long spacious open-air counter.  You also added a spacious and airy dining area with an island bar.   It has all appeal of eating outside without the disadvantages of eating outside.  Terrific work!I remember the tiny little shot glasses you used to impose upon us water drinkers.  I was thrilled to see they had been upgraded to a medium sized cup I only had to refill once during my meal instead of 3 or 4 times.  Thank you.The food was even better this time.  Unlike at your old location, the ahi steak you put in my sandwich was cooked rare as I requested.   Good on you!If this review, like my last review, motivates you to make some more changes; I would suggest the following areas are still in need of some attention: Parking - There's plenty of it, but it's kind of a hike.  Pricing - You're still stretching my lunch budget a little.Thank you for listening!  See you soon.Ira J.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,8/2/2012,483,289,10,13,14>This is a tiny little hole in the wall.  It tightly seats about two dozen or so people including all the tables and the seats at the bar.  The music playing over the in house speakers is various Japanese and Okinawan music.  The atmosphere and the food here are the closest thing I've had to an Okinawa Izakaya experience outside of Okinawa!  Not bad for a Tokyo based Okinawan flavored izakaya!The rafute (shoyu pork) is a definite must!  The natto and daikon salad was also a really nice surprise.  And what Okinawan style meal is complete without a big bottle of Orion beer?  Unfortunately I was actually not very hungry when I came here, so I wasn't able to try too many of the menu items, but I guess that just gives me a good reason to return.  For the Yelp!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,8/1/2012,82,144,21,7,7>Forgive me Father, for I have sinned...I'm sure of it. I mean, the cupcakes here are so good, I moan in pleasure like a naughty girl in a porn flick: "OH YEAAAH BABYYY!!! Gimme mooore!"  And there's usually the hot mess of buttercream frosting all over the place afterwards. Oops! :-/And, Father, if you are in the forgiving mood, please forgive all other bakeries that try to pass off their versions as, well, cupcakes. They should be moist and distinctly flavorful, like LTEC's. But they fall short.  The new Holy Grail of cupcake infamy has become tthe ever popular Southern Red Velvet. I was raised on these delights and consider myself a bit of a connoisseur in the matter.  Red Velvet should be dense, not fluffy, and do what you need to do but red velvet should be RED...not the color of bloody stool.  LTEC swirls theirs...I'm down with that.  Where it's red, its vibrantly red as it should be.  The cake is moist and it tastes fantastic--which is where all the moaning comes in.  Is it a 100% authentic Southern Red Velvet? Probably not, but I never remember to critique it fully when I'm in full indulgence mode.  The flavors take over, do something tingly here and there--and a minute later it's gone with nothing left but the buttercream residue to wipe off and some sweat beads.  There have been other sinners too, Father!  The other bakery...they do it all wrong.  Their cupcake is too small.  And in the middle they fill it with a huge globule of cream cheese, making it messy to eat and nearly choking me with its mess.  I mean, I'm sure there are some that like to swallow those large globs of cream--apparently, I'm not one of those sinners.  Surely, if our good Lord didn't want me to indulge in these sinful cupcakes, frostings, and free sprinkles he wouldn't have packaged them in the cutest little shop with some of the nicest people ever, would he?  I mean, they couldn't be any more accommodating or helpful with advance orders, large orders, and even helping me carry all the goodies out to my car!  I'll say my Hail Marys, Father...but I won't stop...I can't stop eating Let Them Eat Cupcakes!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/31/2012,186,203,10,12,11>$34.95 pre-fixe dinner.  Yes, $34.95.  Really.  This is THE BEST deal around for an exceptional meal and experience!  This pre-fixe dinner is not on the menu.  There is an advertisement for it in the Dining Out section and you can either take a pic of  it with your smart phone and show it to your servier or bring in the actual ad in order to get the special price.  It is very well worth it! It comes with an appetizer, a main entree and dessert.  Our waiter, who was extremely personable and attentive,  told us that this pre-fixe dinner was a "sampling" so we assumed that "sampling" = small servings.  Not the case!  The servings were very generous and satisfying, leaving our party marveling over the incredible deal we got!  The food did NOT disappoint!  I believe the selections from which you can choose are different from night to night.  I chose the Stage poke appetizer, herb basted ahi with truffled mashed potatoes and dessert came out on an impressive platter for the whole table to share.  The poke was the best I've ever had!  The crunchy bits of marcona almonds paired with the creamy avocado and beady tobiko were perfectly balanced with the fresh ahi.  The herb basted ahi was moist on the inside and the seared surface had a slight crisp to it.  But the sauce that came with it....ooooohhh myyyy...I'm drooling just thinking about it.  And the truffled mashed potatoes - TO DIE FOR.  The dessert platter came out with about 5 different desserts, including blueberry cotton candy!  What a fun way to end the night.  Every last bite of my meal was top notch.Service was spot on, very personable and I won't even go into detail about the unique, modern and swanky ambiance since it pretty much speaks for itself.  Overall, this was by all standards a 5 star experience, and we definitely will be returning!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,7/30/2012,266,263,10,15,11>Awesome atmosphere, pretty damn spacious, lots of big tables and seating areas including the bar. I love that they also play good music and always have something interesting on the TVs, but those aren't the reasons why I'm at Dash.I'm here to FEAST.All the workers are very knowledgeable with their menu, including all their beers. They even know the descriptions to beer staples like my favorite, Blue Moon. Seriously, ask them anything about their menu, they know it ALL.What I love about this place is that they have something for everyone. Whether it be their kettle chips or garlic bacon fried rice, you have to try EVERYTHING.So far, everything I've had on the menu has been delicious. That's rare.The first time I went there was spontaneous and I had only planned to drink. I had already eaten a huge dinner and then next thing you know, I'm putting a piece of their filet mignon beef sashimi in my mouth. Holy shit. Had no idea this even existed. Once you get over the meat being seared, it's amazing. Flavorful, without that super heavy feeling you get with beef. The sauce...I can't even explain. I made sure my beef sashimi was covered in that sauce.I went back again and had their Salmon Crudo accompanied with a ume-shiso mojito (mmm so fresh!). I also got to try their Ahi Tataki and a friend of mine ordered this mysterious shot, don't really know what was in it but what I loved about it was that it was served with a lemon slice dipped in li-hing mui powder. Buggahs is winnahsAnd tonight, I had their garlic bacon fried rice and garlic furikake chicken. What an amazing combo. Carnivore's wet dream, even. The fried rice, served with 2 eggs cracked on top (ho you like dat ya?) is delicious, nothing super overpowering, the bacon, garlic, everything just balanced out each other. The garlic furikake chicken was crazy good, the sauce is comparable to Mistuken and Mistubas.If you like die, come hea.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,7/29/2012,123,234,10,9,10>I love the "A Christmas Story" method of celebrating holiday dinners. Remember the scene when the turkey got eaten by the dogs and the family wound up at a Chinese restaurant on Christmas day?Mother's Day 2012Who in their right mind would go to a place like Cheesecake Factory or Duke's on Mother's Day? Someone who has both infinite time and patience and knows the manager. Not me. Korean Yakiniku it is!After my lovely wife took my mom out for a pedicure, we piled into my car with my little brother and his GF and headed to this restaurant. Please note that the name on the door is different than Hyung Jae. Maybe they shortened it or just switched owners whilst saving money.We arrived at 5 pm and were immediately seated at a family table with no reservations. Unreal on Mother's day anywhere in the Western world.In this restaurant, you order your meat choice and cook it yourself. We ordered the skirt steak (an chang) and beef brisket (beef brisket).I noticed this restaurant gets dinged for service by fellow yeeps. Learn to say "An yo how say ooo"  Bad service fix'd. We also ordered the onion pancake and soon dubu (seafood soft tofu soup). This restaurant is generous with their ban chan (korean appetizers like kimchee and pickles and stuff). I love those small yellow potatoes with honey or some sweet sauce of some sort on them. Raw meat comes in a beautiful platter. The lady prepares the special stove and greases it with a nice chunk of suet--brilliant!Sizzle Sizzle Sizzle fo' shizzleOut comes the Soon DubuBubble bubble toil and trouble. I love this raging soup as it comes from the oven. This Soon Dubu is not as good as Ah Lang, but you don't get verbally assaulted here. Mom was soo happy. No line, no wait, no warm food under a buffet lamp, and family time with her sons.Dinner for 5 = 101 not including tip. That's what my little brother is for. (Jingle Bells) Fa ra ra ra ra...ra ra ra ra
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,7/28/2012,275,84,13,14,14>KICKBALL. There's a league for this?!? For serious. The 2012 season will mark my 5th year playing in this league, and it's just gotten better as the years have rolled on. And after all those years, talking about 808 Sports Leagues and the kickball (and other sports) leagues they put together has never gotten old, especially trying to explain to tripped-out bar-goers on a Monday or Wednesday evening in Varsity or Rock Bottom why there are over 100 people walking around in off-beat, fluorescent or downright bright shirts ...Stranger/Future Kickballer: "So ... kickball?"Me: Yes! There's a league. And I'm on a team. S/FK: "I haven't played kickball since elementary school!"M: .... (Don't worry, we know every one hasn't. :) )S/FK: (looks out over the sea of forest green, "WOW" pink and KOC blue shirts, among the many colors) "So, how many people are playing in this league?"M: Well, there's 24 teams, about 15-20 people per team, so you're looking at about 400+ adults playing kickball weekly.S/FK: "That's a lot of people. So, you guys have rules and everything? The red rubber ball?"M: Yup. Pretty much the same as schoolyard rules, except no one gets picked last, nah mean? And we even got playoffs and championships!S/FK: (looks around at the bar again, tries counting how many different color shirts) "So, you guys play, and then come out to the bar?"M: Yeah - it's all part of the experience. 20, 30, 40-somethings playing kickball, then chilling out at the bar. S/FK: "I'm sold. Where do I sign up?"... Unfortunately, by the time we hit the bar in our red/green/blue/pink/orange/yellow/safety green shirts, rosters are closed for the season and you gotta wait to sign up for the next one. Sound fun yet? NO?! Well, read Justin U.'s review. "Great way to meet new people" is like the unofficial motto. Hey - relationships have been started and blossomed over the game of kickball - when's the last time that happened at a pick-up game of basketball? Kickball season runs from March to June, with sign-ups in January-February - don't be *THAT* guy that sees all the 808 Sports Leagues bright shirts and wants in after the ruckus starts! (And if you happen to miss it, there's usually a Fall season of some sport - Flag Football, another Kickball season or .... dodgeball?)SEE YOU OUT ON THAT KICKBALL FIELD!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,7/27/2012,231,559,8,16,19>Yelp Challenge 365 #140/365Like many other places on the island of Oahu, I am embarressed to say I've made little effort to visit, learn and absorb all that our island history has to offer. It's never too late however as I've made my second journey to the USS Arizona Memorial.No bags, fanny packs....nothing! just what you have on your person and that's about it. There is a bag check station so just in case you forget, you would have to either walk back to your vehicle or bag check your items.Admission is free. More than likely there will be a line of guests so be prepared to wait your turn. They show a short video before you embark on your journey. Watching the video made me appreciate the memorial itself. I took a quiet moment and said a prayer to those we have lost and blessing to those who have survived.A must see and do! I made it a day of excursions and visited the other sites at and in Pearl Harbor. Try it! You will not regret the time and effort for the visit.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,7/26/2012,776,347,13,20,20>I just can't believe I've never written a review for Young's Kalbee yet!!! Been here several times in the past, so I think it's about time! First of all, there are many, many Korean restaurants you can choose from around the island. The thing that sets this restaurant apart from all the others is the service. The owner is sooo nice and she is always in a pleasant mood. This alone makes a big difference among the various restaurants. I did the phone order and chose the Dinner Special. This has to be my favorite plate here. They don't believe in scrimping... You get a huge amount of meat jun, kalbi, chicken and banchans... Also a very generous serving of rice and a serving of kimchee! Let me tell you, if you're hungry for Korean food and you happen to be in Aiea, give Young's a try. There's other restaurants, one of whom one of my fellow Yelper's went to and absolutely got treated so rudely and insulted at... I'll never ever set foot in that restaurant, they will nickel and dime you for a paper plate or cup, then charge you extra just because you want to enjoy your take-out in their dining area...WTF...I feel so lucky that Young's is just down the hill from my house and whenever I get that urge to eat Korean food, all I have to do is pick up the phone and put in my order!!! Great place, friendly service! The only gripe I have is the parking... That goes for all the restaurants in this shopping center. But let me tell ya, it's worth the search for a stall...
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,7/25/2012,478,366,7,11,8>Yelp 365 Challenge #111/365Yum to Dim Sum when your bosses away and the assistants decide to have a luncheon because we can eat in peace. However, the only flaw in this was one of the assistants retiring who ordered for us last year and we couldn't remember the restaurant that she ordered from. Good thing we had her phone number and asked her. Royal KitchenResearched on Yelp and thank you to all the Yelpers who posted up their menu! We were able to decide what we wanted and planned our menu.I called it in and they were so friendly in taking the order. She also shared that if we parked in the parking structure, it was 1/2 hour free since we were only picking up our food. But, my co-worker decided to park next to Borthwick Mortuary. As we stepped out of the car, I noticed she hitched up her pants because she's very germaphobic. Anyhow, our pick-up time was for 10:00am and I was surprised...it was bustling with business at 9:30am. As I looked outside, there were alot of elderly walking or talking with their friends.My co-worker was craving for a white custard pie but they didn't have any, but they recommended a Dim Sum restaurant, Tai Pan (?) in the Plaza Center. Since we were early, we decided to pick up white and yellow custard pies (the little ones) and walk around the plaza to look for "anything with a dragon on it" for our other co-worker. At 10:00, we walked back and our order was ready...my stomach was ready too.Baked Manapua: Char Siu...soft with enough char siu on the inside.Pork Hash: It just reminded me of the yellow truck by Campbell High SchoolRoast Pork: Crispy and juicyRoast Chicken: Not dry at allMinute Chicken Cake Noodle: It must have been good because everyone wiped it out before meBeef Brocolli Chow Mein: Same as aboveCrispy Gau Gee: It was pretty good too :)Chinese Chicken Salad: You can't go wrong with Chinese Chicken Salad!Overall experience: I was not disappointed. The prices are reasonable and the service is friendly. Granted it is located in the downtown area that makes you want to cover yourself with lysol but to get to this food establishment as well as the other hidden gems in the downtown area, you need to man up and brave the streets to get to the good food that is waiting for you.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,7/24/2012,771,231,6,15,13>We decided to try Thai House for lunch .... ordered:*green papaya salad thai hot - yummy with lot's of fish sauce and thai chilies*medium panang curry over house fried chicken - good but will do tofu next time*chicken pad thai - good and saucy, my daughter LOVED it !*jasmine rice - big generous bowlsThere was one table leaving when we arrived and then as we left another two top came in ... throughout the time there was heavy take out traffic in and out & over the phone .... they definately cater to that end of the business as we waited and waited to order - but the one gal working was very nice and we were not in a rush.When we were leaving I asked her about what everyone seemed to be ordering and she told me they offer a $9.95 Lunch specials M-F from 10am - 3pmyou get to choose between two special curries of the day and it comes with rice, house fired chicken, toss salad, and a soft drink .... Mon - red or yellowTues - green or pineappleWed - Panang or MasamanThurs - Fried or Evil PrincessFri - your choice: red, yellow, green, pineapple, panang, masaman, fried, or evil* all curries with chix, beef, tofu, or porkWish she told us about the lunch special before we had lunch ... our bill was $34.00 with tip. Anyway LOVE that they open continuously from 10am - 9:30pm and look forward to trying the green curry, tom yum,  and evil princess soon.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,7/23/2012,487,140,4,14,12>Props to my main man Russ M. for introducing me to this place. I've dined with him countless times since my first introduction and am always impressed with the food, service and atmosphere.You will be hard pressed to find a better lunch deal in Waikiki or anywhere in town. Lunch specials get you a salad, chicken , fish or steak, rice, grilled onions, bean sprouts, zucchini and miso soup. There's quite a few options in the $12-$20 range. My usual is the pepper steak. It's served with sliced mushrooms and a yummy cream sauce.Make sure you upgrade your steamed rice for their fried rice. It's killer. I'm not a green tea ice cream fan, (gasp!) but if you are, make sure you have some from Suntory. It's custom made for them by Bubbie's and is a lot stronger in flavor than the usual Bubbie's green tea ice cream you all love. You won't find any high flying shrimp in the pocket tricks at this Teppanyaki joint, but rest assured you will be getting a stellar lunch in a semi-fine dining atmosphere.Your landmark to Suntory is Doraku sushi. It's located right across.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,7/22/2012,106,173,7,9,7>I definitely agree with all the review that Red House is probably the cleanest restaurant I've been to in addition to the most adorable restaurant. The decor reminded me of something out of cooking mama. There aren't that many tables and the tables on the outer edge area are smaller than the one in the middle. I suggest you should take the ones in the middle. Why?? As you have probably read from other yelpers their plates are huge!!! The tables in the middle is way bigger than the ones on the sides giving you more space for their giant plates. They also have cooler round looking seats as well.Red House has their own custom stuff such as napkins and chopsticks. Their menu is really small yet colorful. The food is a fusion of Korean and local food. We ordered the Topokki with cheese, kim chee fried rice with cheese, pizza tonkatsu, and chef special chicken with korean style sauce. Surprisingly the food came out really quick even though they were pretty busy. The servers were very attentive and even asked if we wanted to change our plates. The one thing that they never do though was refill our water and I needed that water cause the Topokki was pretty spicy. Our meal started off with their kim chee and pickled daikon. The Kim Chee fried rice and Topokki was came in a smaller plate. They were very tasty and flavorful and the best thing was it came with cheese. The chef special chicken was alright. I thought it was really expensive for the amount of chicken they give you ($24 for about 10-12 pieces). It just tasted okay kinda like machiko chicken but less sweet. It also comes with leeks in the middle to take up space. I don't know why because the leeks are bitter and doesn't go well with the chicken. The pizza tonkatsu however, was really good it came with two large pieces of chicken, two small scoops of rice, and a small side salad with house dressing. Some of the names of the foods were pretty funny one of them ended with LOL and others ending with MOA. LOL stands for Roll and MOA stands for chicken/more. I guess its their way of making fun how korean's can't pronounce R.  I really liked how they opened the door for us when we left. Now that's what I call excellent service. They also have a projector of K-pop music videos playing. Will definitely come back again and hopefully they can continue to keep this place spotless.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,7/21/2012,512,228,15,9,8>Wow this place is pretty good...I originally wanted to go to Nisshodo Candy Store to get my share of Chichi Dango, but they close every year around Christmas holiday season..... because prob too busy for them to handle or something?So I looked on yelp... and found this place highly rated..The Good:* Fresh fruity mochi... so yummy!!! I tried the Raspberry Mochi and Pineapple Mochi... omg... so wonderful. Just simply wonderful in my mouth!* Different flavors of chichi dangos! Like haupia, chocolate, original...* Convenient location.. in kalihi on the right side of waiakamilo if your are driving towards the harbor* Private Parking StallsThe Bad:* About 6 parking stalls* Cats laying under my carThe Weird:* Cats laying under my car
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,7/20/2012,231,162,25,13,10>La Tour Cafe is great, but never bring your fob Vietnamese mom here.I love La Tour's Croque Monsieur, Croque Madame, and the Turkey and Sundried Tomato Panini!  All three are perfectly toasted, the meats are juicy, and they're not too greasy or heavy.   I also love that they are served with a simple salad with pickles and a nice creamy dressing.  The burgers are also winners!  They're both juicy and served with a bit of fries with the same creamy dressing.  I also like the Kalua Pork and the Mushroom, Spinach, Garlic flatbread pizzas, but I think the Mushroom, Spinach, Garlic one is better.  The macarons are nice as well.  The only disappointing thing I've had at La Tour was the Vietnamese Iced Coffee; it tasted okay, but it did not agree with my stomach.So if you bring your fob Viet mom to La Tour, expect to hear the following:- "How come they don't have Vietnamese food?  Only junk banh mi.  Same owner as Bale so how come they don't have Vietnamese food?"- "Why the banh mi is $7.50?  So expensive!  You can get the special combination banh mi at Bale for $4.50."- "Hamburger too expensive!  Not supposed to charge so much for hamburger."- "The pizza so small and cost $11?  You can go next door to costco and get the whole big pizza with everything for same price!"- "Why they have to put the cheese in everything?  So fattening."- "Sandwich is $7.50 and so small.  Ridiculous! They not give enough food.  They making so much money selling little bit food.  So rip off.  You better not eat here anymore."- "Too greasy, not good for the body.  Use napkin and suck off the oil.  Can you believe you eat that and it all go in your body?  That's why you so fat."- "You spend $1.75 for little French cookie?  So stupid.  That's why you so poor."
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,7/19/2012,141,114,7,12,6>Came here last night to celebrate a friend's birthday.  We stopped at Kincaid's beforehand for happy hour and pupus, which is just a quick drive/walk from the Ward Center.  Probably best to keep it to one drink though, since you'll be in the sauna and steam rooms!  We got the package deal for $100, which covered the exfoliation, massage, cucumber facial and hair washing. It was my first Korean spa experience, and while we were a little apprehensive about the naked bit at first, it wasn't a big deal at all.  In fact, it was kind of liberating.  After getting undressed (free lockers and bottled water) we got a tour of the facilities, then showered off.  There are your typical stand-up showers, and then these little handheld showers so you could choose to sit and bathe.  I think they're on to something with this set up!  Next, we decided to hit the steam room.  The steam smelled like lemongrass or sassafras, and was very powerful.  It was so steamy, I couldn't even see my friends!  After that, we made our way over to the dry sauna, and that's when our mamasans came to get us.  I'd read the reviews, so I felt I knew what to expect.  Good thing I was prepared, because this is not some sissy-kine exfoliation!  She scrubbed me for a good 40 minutes.  Lots of thoughts went through my mind during this experience.  I even felt that I might be a better person afterwards, like getting rid of all that dead skin was cathartic in some way?The massage was unlike any other I'd had - very vigorous, and I was pretty sure I'd leave with a couple bruises, but when it was time to get up and shower off my freshly grated banana body mask, I was renewed and refreshed.  A stop in the warm, fragrant jade room was the perfect ending.  And the birthday girl declared that we should make it our mission to try all the Korean spas in town.  Watch out, Honolulu!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,7/18/2012,92,61,4,17,7>I've been seeing Maggie for my skin issues for about 8 months now and this review is long overdue.  I was sick of my lackluster skin texture and turned to yelp, a trusted online grapevine, to find a cosmetician that could help.  Upon our first meeting, Maggie took a deep look at my skin and found the obvious and not-so-obvious causes of my skin problems:1. I was wearing MAC make-up which is a clear skin no no since it has oils and crap in it that wreak havoc on you skin2. I was drinking a ton of coffee which sometimes cause bad skin (not in everyone just for some who have extremely sensitive skin like me)3. (and most importantly) I was on a birth control that was messing me up hormonally.I've since gotten half a dozen hydrofacials and one Green Peel classic facial and have significantly improved my complexion.  Extractions, glycolic peels, and herbal peels are not for the weak; it goes with the old adage, "beauty is pain."  The one thing that keeps me coming back to Maggie is the fact that she herself has amazing skin.  She is an example of her product.  Maggie loves to share her journey as to how she came to this stage of skin perfection, mostly because it did not come easily or natural.  She worked at it as most people have to.  It's a life long commitment and it really boils down to how important having beautiful skin is to any individual.  Maggie instills proper skin care practices in her clients and her work ethic has no parallel to any other cosmetician I've ever seen.  I have found a cosmetician for life.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,7/17/2012,1173,101,7,12,11>Located in Kalaeloa, I shop here on Saturdays when my daughter goes to hula class in Kapolei.  I like this Tamura's location best because it's roomy, clean and well organized.  They seemed to have taken the best workers from Wahiawa (which is closer to home for me) to this location.As always, the prices are very reasonable.  The store is well organized.  They fixed the a/c problem they had when they first opened. (It used to be cold throughout the store, where I wore a heavy jacket while shopping there).Also, the poke here is awesome as always.  Though I can't eat any right now because I'm pregnant, hubby & the kids love the Tamura's special, spicy king crab & spicy ahi.  My kids love the soy beans, boiled peanuts & imitation crab poke.  Pipikaula and smoked tako too!Nice liquor department for a small store, bought green apple sake and Moscato at really great prices.  Just gonna stay away from it for the next couple years till baby is born and off breast feeding!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,7/16/2012,237,106,13,20,9>"Saving the world one vagina at a time!" - OliviaAfter doing a lot of extensive research on Brazilian waxing, and FINALLY getting over the embarrassment of exposing myself to somebody while subjecting myself to unfamiliar pain, I get over my over dramatic mindset and scheduled an appointment with Olivia through her website. She responded within 48 hours just like how she said she would in her auto response e-mail. Scheduling an appointment with her was easy and rescheduling an appointment with her was just as easy too! I prepared myself well for my first appointment, researched and google mapped her location so that I could find it and know where to park, took pain killers 30 min before just in case, and mentally got over myself as I drove down Pensacola. EVERYTHING you read on here about Olivia is true. She welcomes you with enthusiasm once you walk in the door. Conversations with her prior, during and after the procedure are natural and any feelings of awkwardness are left outside of her office.More importantly, $45 for a Brazilian wax is such a great price for the quality of work she does. Okay, so I really have no prior experience with any one but her BUT if I left without feeling much pain I'm pretty sure that she does REALLY good work. If you're thinking about getting a Brazilian wax done I HIGHLY suggest seeing Olivia. She prefers texting so don't be afraid to text her. Ask A LOT of questions after your procedure so you know how to take care of yourself in the next few days following your appointment. Trust me, you will love how you feel after your appointment. Your confidence level with shoot straight through the roof!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,7/15/2012,87,129,13,17,11>While driving down the road to the Aiea Post Office, I see an umbrella, pitched up on the side of the road. And there also is this guy turning steaks on a barbecue grill. Just standing there cruising on the side of a building, right there off the sidewalk, and the unmistakable aroma of flaming keawe wood is bombarding my senses. Hell, it's not even 9 in the morning, and the smell is making me CRAVE  lunch already, like a crack addict. I make a double take and figure it out..... there's a new eating place right there.... and they're serving keawe cooked steak, and chicken, and pork, and I know I'm coming back soon. And soon meaning today... as soon as the wife gets home. Well the wife got home and we were in the car quicker than you could say... "Attention Kmart Shoppers!" All plate lunches come with 2 scoops white rice, or garlic mashed potatoes, with a choice of potato mac salad, or tossed green salad, or pasta salad. Or for $1.50 extra you can have it with brown rice, instead of white. My wife, and fellow food critic extraordinaire, got the Keawe grilled steak, with Furikaki Garlic Chicken, with garlic mash, and pasta salad. $6.95. I chose the "U.H.Sports Special," for $8.95, It's keawe steak, furikaki garlic chicken, keawe grilled luncheon meat, ahi katsu, over furikaki rice,and the pasta salad. The steak was seasoned, cooked and sliced to perfection. The Furikaki Garlic Chicken, marinated in secret sauce, rolled in furikaki, and panko, and deep fried to a beautiful shoyu-ee crispy golden brown. Wonderful! The Ahi katsu, was a generous piece of tuna breaded, and deep fried, not over done, but to pretty opaque, with a mildly sweet wasabi aioli, MMMMMM! And the luncheon meat... not plain ole luncheon meat, but keawe grilled luncheon meat... even THAT was over the top. We both agreed... this place is THE BOMB!!!The people there seem genuinely friendly, gracious , and helpful. The food is down right awesome. And the price... can't go wrong. I think we've found another gem right here in Aiea. I just hope not too many people find it!!!!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,7/14/2012,2265,40,36,7,16>YOU'D MAKE A FINE PORTUGUESE GIRL. YOU'VE GOT THAT MIX OF PROFOUND AND EMPTY SPEECH JUST RIGHT.                                                                  ~Chad O.                                                                  Recollections                  ______________________________________________I'm like you... I wake up every Thursday morning with my feet on my pillow and my head dangling off the bed and scream in my head, 'If the dream was THAT good, why do I never remember it???", kick a bunch of stuff animals I stole off my futon, trip over my mom's Twilight book that I use as an ice breaker prop with women to appear more sensitive, romantic or gay, pickup my phone and see red battery life and go, "FUCK!"  I head over to a Body Pump class and routinely count how many men show up...  one.... and wonder, not to be a Sushi slut but does anyone here want to carb load on mercury after our gym Nazi instructor is done???Cheap yet good sushi, really, do we need to revisit this topic, where men ignore boobs and just gawk and stare at a little red plate go round and round, doing orbital circles with their head, and a pervy retarded drooling smirk that makes that special needs kid in school look like Doogie Hoowser.On my first swing, it was the slam, had a business meeting, a one on one, in a booth that could fit 10. I could bring all my stuff animals and imaginary friends and sit them down and we can make heart shaped ginger while talking about our feelings and drink tea together. On my second time, it was all serious, no play. Whenever I find a place I like, I make it a mission to crack the code! I wish there was a privacy setting where I could like, only let my friends read this review but I guess I'll share it with the world.... I'd say this place is better than genki in almost every way, easier location, more selection, better uniforms, "trying too hard" spam and hot dog sushi actually looks cute, but one thing they fail on is the waiting list. It's a self-write, you put your name down and they call you.... so in that line of thought, we could really do anything right? Like scratch the person's name above you... write yours down, and then rewrite said person's name below yours... then turn to your date and wonder not for the first time... can we really do this?Sushi Sluts UniteReady to form Voltron~AA
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,7/13/2012,376,199,40,38,35>Four months ago..My 250 pound Samoan and 240 pound Tongan friend's and 175 pound me were having lunch at a job site and started talking about food.Me: "Bro's! We are so lucky we live Hawaii!  We can eat all these different kinds of ethnic foods.  I've eaten Chinese food, Japanese food, Vietnamese, Korean, Filipino, Thai, Hawaiian, Italian, Greek, French, German...but I have to say my favorite is Korean.What do you braddah's like to eat?  What is your favorite food?"My 240# Tongan friend Lopa: "For me, my favorite is ...all you can eat!!"My 250# Samoan friend Isa:  "Yeah!  The members of my church (average weight 240#'s) praise God and love AYCE!!"Lopa: "How come you neva mentioned Polynesian (Samoa, Tonga, Tahiti) food?  You neva try Polynesian food?"Me: "No! I've only have had Hawaiian food.  Never foods of other parts of Polynesia.  I wouldn't know where to find good Polynesian food."Lopa: "Try Tammy's Polynesian Market."Yesterday..I was driving on King Street, headed for Palama Supermarket to pickup some lunch when I notice, for the first time and passed, "Tammy's Polynesian Market 2" on the left.I'm thinking: Should I or shouldn't I? ..oh what the heck.  I turn around and head for Tammy's Polynesian Market 2.yelp.com/biz_photos/5CHE…There is a small parking area in the back; but I was lucky and found a metered stall right in front of the market.yelp.com/biz_photos/5CHE…This place says "Market" but it is more like a self serve cafeteria. Yeah, they got canned goods, household and personal care items, Samoan weapons and things you find in a typical Polynesian market. But in the center of it all is this self serve food island.yelp.com/biz_photos/5CHE…The Samoan worker there that was very helpful.  I told him this was my first time here and asked if I could look and take pictures of the food they were serving.  He thoughtfully said yes. He explains that in Polynesia they eat a lot of pig, beef, chicken and lamb.  The meat dishes that day were pig and lamb.They sell poke and had this Samoan Oka ($13.99/lb.) that I always wanted to try. I got some of that.  It's raw fish soaked in coconut milk and is very popular in Polynesia.yelp.com/biz_photos/5CHE…I recognized the land taro, sweet potato and tapioca and got a few pieces of sweet potato and tapioca. They were soaked in some kind of coconut sauce.yelp.com/biz_photos/5CHE…These are some of the other things they were selling:Micronesian Ulu (Breadfruit) Loaf - Maybe next time.Pineapple Pie ($3.49/ea.) - I will definitely try this.Samoan Bread ($3.45/loaf) - They weighs about two pounds.  I got one of these.Fried fish ($5.99/lb) - You have to buy the whole fish.yelp.com/biz_photos/5CHE…Turkey Tails ($4.99/lb) - I am not a big fan of a bird's ass.yelp.com/biz_photos/5CHE…Turkey Tails with Eggplant ($4.99/lb) - I passed.Samoan Hot Dogs ($6.99/lb) - Didn't ask what was in these dogs.  Didn't want to know if what was inside once shook hands and barked.yelp.com/biz_photos/5CHE…Lamb and Pig Feet Curry ($4.99/lb) - For my first time visit, I passed.Baked Lamb Flaps ($5.99/lb) - Has strong smell of lamb but they looked really good.  I love lamb! I couldn't resist getting a few pieces of this.yelp.com/biz_photos/5CHE…Summary of my Polynesian food experience:I will pass on the tapioca and sweet potato in coconut milk from now on. For starch I prefer rice or fries.I really didn't like the Samoan Oka. I'm a purest and prefer fresh Hawaiian style poke or Japanese sashimi.The Samoan Bread is absolutely delicious.  It tastes more like a big butter roll.  I highly recommend trying a loaf.  At $3.45/loaf it is a bargain.The Baked Lamb Flaps were a big surprise. Perfectly roasted, juicy, tender and delicious.  If you like lamb this is a must at $5.99/lb.  Great picnic and tailgate food I think.I'm really glad I tried the Polynesian food at Tammy's Polynesian Market.  I cannot say that the place is dirty; and I cannot say that it is clean and polished like say a Safeway or Times.  It is neighborhood market clean.For me food is an adventure.  Try my two recommendations and I think you will find Tammy's a big surprise. P.S.  Another surprise!  I asked the Samoan worker if Tammy was Samoan, Tongan or Tahitian...he said she is...KOREAN!!P.P.S. The original Tammy's is in Waipahu.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,7/12/2012,865,217,41,57,46>My sister and her Korean friend swears by Ireh's Sujebi ("hand-pulled/hand-cut noodles soup". They promised that once I had a taste of sujebi, I would never go back to eating spicy soon dubu jjigae again. I'm not giving up on my soon dubu, but I'm definitely a sujebi fan after slurping bowls of this delicious soup!FYI: There's only 3 side dishes/banchan served here:yelp.com/biz_photos/iL9j…1) pickled gobo/burdock root2) pickled daikon radish3) kimchiKIMCHI HAND-CUT NOODLES aka SUJEBI (item #6, avail in mild/reg/spicy $9.95): Sujebi is a type of Korean traditional comfort food that's served with assorted seafood, sliced daikon, zucchini & potatoes in a rich kimchi broth. The dough is stretched out and dropped into the broth piece by piece, similar to how "chicken & dumplings" are cooked.yelp.com/biz_photos/iL9j…We didn't get any "assorted seafood" that was promised in the menu. But it was still tasty!Ireh mixes gaenip/perilla leaves and seeds (Korean shiso) into their dough. The gaenip tastes varies, depending on its cooking preparation. When eaten fresh, it has an almost sharp minty-apple, fennel-like taste. The taste isn't for everyone, but I loved it. yelp.com/biz_photos/iL9j…***Their "extra spicy" depends on whether or not you're korean. With my sister's Korean friend present, the broth was "made you cry for mama spicy" but without our Korean friend, our "extra spicy" was harmless and very mild***PAN-FRIED MANDOO (item #26, 8pc for $9.95): The 8 pcs of mandoo were decent sized and tasty The mandoo skin was nice and chewy on the inside, crunchy goodness on the outside. yelp.com/biz_photos/iL9j…The filling had a good ratio of glass noodles, pork & chives. You can taste a hint of ginger and there was tofu in the mix.yelp.com/biz_photos/iL9j…RICE W/SPICY PORK (item #53, $12.95): Don't forget to ask for "extra spicy" or else it will just taste like bbq pork. The flavorful pork was so soft and tender! The zucchini, onions and carrots were cooked just enough to bring out the natural sweetness, while still retaining its crunch. I just wished there was more meat than veggies. yelp.com/biz_photos/iL9j…RICE W/MEAT JUN (item #48, $9.95): Best.Meat.Jun - EVER!yelp.com/biz_photos/iL9j…No dipping sauce needed!The beef was so flavorful and so tender that each bite was pure deliciousness! The batter-to-beef ratio was perfect for me. I loved how the egg batter was soft on the inside, yet it had such a fantastic crispy crust on the outside. AND it wasn't greasy at all, bonus points for that! yelp.com/biz_photos/iL9j…***This restaurant serves mainly noodles (3 pages worth) and korean porridge/jook (2 pages), not your typical full-menu Korean restaurant. ***Don't come expecting to find any kalbi or bbq chicken here. They only have spicy pork, meat jun and garlic shrimp, but it's only served as rice dishes. Not avail as ala carte. Even though I'm happy with just the sujebi and meat jun, I definitely want to return to try out some of their delicious-looking jook (Korean porridge)!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,7/11/2012,246,383,5,8,9>Is it an unwritten rule in all serious Japanese sushi restaurants that the sushi master chef has to show no emotion or just look plain outright angry? Just an observation but I guess it is a Japanese thing for the chef to focus and take his work seriously. We did catch him smiling. Oh if I only had a camera in my hands when that happened!So on this chilly late December night, I got treated to Sushi Sasabune. Yes, treated. Guys, when a girl treats you to Sushi Sasabune, you take it as a cue that she's a definite keeper. That's because the best sushi restaurant doesn't come cheap at all and she wants to share in that particular delight with you. It's kind of a milestone moment if you ask me!I admit, I've never been a fan of omakase. My raw fish favorites are pretty much salmon and ahi. Outside of rolls, I rather stay on the safe side of things. I've had hamachi, skipjack, red snapper, etc before but it didn't taste good to me.Oh how things change when you eat there. Those fish that I've never had taste so damn good. I can see how some say it changes the way you look at sushi. Safe to say, since normally I don't like those type of fish, it wouldn't change anything. The only thing is that it made me curious on how omakase is like in different sushi restaurants.Detail is everything here. The way they pour your sake, the temperature of the restaurant, the decor, the way they describe each dish, and oh, that damn automatic door. Geniuses I tell you!My favorite of the bunch has got to be the snow crab, toro, rock lobster, and their negi toro. The counter experience is a must guys and I suggest calling in early to get reservations.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,7/10/2012,174,381,3,13,7>If anyone has read one of my other buffet reviews, you'll know I come from a buffet family. Some folks "hate" buffets, well that's not my breed of stock. For the price (and the kamaaina discount") what you get here is definitely worth it.I came here for my dad's birthday dinner several weeks ago and it was a wonderful experience. It is a rather small buffett but that's where the "gourmet" comes into play. When the selection and dining expereince is more selective they can focus more on the quality and presentation of things. not to mention the service which was 5 star too. It could of been that it was mid-week and not busy, but who care, our server was super attentive regardless. They even have a manager hanging around the food line looking at the food quality at all times. When some roast beef was sitting out there a little long and looking dry, he told the chefs to pull it. They then replaced with fresh beef stronganoff. And so they did this with all the dishes. Constantly refreshing and replenishing. Surprisingly, they had a lot of seafood that night and a wide variety of choices, ranging from Japanese to Italian. My husband kept going back for the bacon wrapped filet minogn. I really liked the fresh fish dishes and the gnocchi in mac nut pesto sauce! Excellent!  They could improve on the desserts a bit more. I felt their cakes were dry, especially the coconut one. But the other desserts were good, not too sweet and small enough to try different ones. I really liked the cold potato soup in the papaya bowl. Very nice. I'd like to try to come here for lunch as it's much cheaper and with kamaaina discount would be the equivilant of a #7 at McDonalds on Kalakaua anyway. Overall, this is a nice place to treat yourself to a special meal or just to try something new. Pros:-Not your run of the mill buffet: high quality, thoughtful dishes. Gourmet for sure.-Fresh food! Fresh seafood too! -Excellent service and attention to food quality-Happy Hour! Cheap beer at the bar from 2-4:30p. They have TV at the bar too.-Very clean, nice ambianceCons:-Desserts could use a little improvment. Cakes too dry, maybe include some ice cream or sorbet?-No crab legs, or lobster tails BUT they did have lobster bisque and I've seen them offer crab cakes before. So there is sea food but not like at Hoku or Oceanarium, but it's not really missed here. The other dishes make up for it.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,7/9/2012,360,130,7,14,11>5 stars. I don't give these out all that much, but here at Spot's Inn - I get the five star treatment and now I'm giving it back!I have a good friend that's been eating here since it was back in Kalihi. He recently introduced me to this place at it's current location at University. It's become a ritual - every Wednesday at noonish, we are here. Let's really begin the review with Kathy-Lou! She's amazing. She'll remember your name, talk story, put a smile on your face with her bubbly personality, refuse your tip, bring out your order, talk more story with you, take pictures with you, check up on you, and sneaks in extra food once you are a regular. Let me remind you, this is drive-in style restaurant. This is not a sit down wait-service restaurant. Yet somehow, Kathy does all this regardless. Kui B and Carol B both mention how much they adore her in their reviews too. She really is the fifth star on this review.The food itself is all homestyle and with big mama portions. Baked spaghetti, loco mocos, mahimahi, sandwiches; they are all amazingly portioned and flavored. But the real star here is the katsu. Chicken Katsu week after week is what my buddy gets, and with good reason! These are thick thick juicy cuts of chicken, perhaps the thickest katsu I've ever seen. When it's on special, I also recommend the tonkatsu or katsu donburi. You will not regret it.Parking is validated for Puck's Alley, so no need worry about parking in the difficult university area.Go to Spots, I'm serious. This is what Yelp is all about - the perfect little ma and pa restaurant that needs to be heard in this saturated food industry.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,7/8/2012,146,63,7,11,9>Whoa....the hype!!!! This place was packed on Day 3 of opening and I like the other hungry patrons was dying to see what it was all about.  First thing I notice is the pizza dude from V-Lounge and Melt Truck is all up in the joint.  NOW I'm really excited.  As soon as I walk in I hear my name being called and I turn around and was thrilled to see a table of some uber hip people ready to share the Whole Ox low down with me.  I was explicitly instructed to order the burger.  It went something like this..."Shell get the burger" and I respond "oh but that chicken pate sandwich looks unreal" ...'Shell JUST GET THE BURGER" ok ok I get the burger.My lunch crew and I all order different things, but I'm committed to the burger.  I'm a little disappointed that you can't get french fries but, I make up for that with a pit stop at JITB on the way back to the office.Well the burger was AMAZING.  AH-MAAAAAYYYY-ZING! Juicy and delicious.  I didn't want it to end.  My co-worker got the reuban...It was in a simple word, fatty.  The pastrami had about 25% meat and 75% fat.  I love me some fat, but this was just gross.  She couldn't enjoy it.Same thing with my boss's sandwich.  I forgot the name, but it had the same fatty pastrami and chicken pate.  The flavors were nice, but the fat was just ridiculous.  I felt kinda bad since I had such a great experience, but that's how it goes. Hit or miss I guess.  Over all, I loved the vibe, the picnic tables, the deli counter and all that. I went bizerk over my burger, but am weary to try anything else after sampling the other sandwiches.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,7/7/2012,112,89,9,10,14>Last night, I pulled a David Beckham and made some goals for myself: Go into "solo wolf" mode, drink beer, and listen to a guitar. The challenge, of course, was that I was out on a Friday night with a bohemian wallet. How was I going to pull this off without breaking the bank? After making it through the cool crowd of First Friday, this nerd found the end of the yellow brick road at Hanks Cafe. Everyone has already covered how small the bar is, so I'll get to the vibe of the place. I think if I went solo in any of the hip bars on N. Hotel Street, I would've gained legitimate social piranha status. At Hanks, no one batted a  judgmental eye and after allowing myself a few minutes of awkwardness, I felt right at home. It's a very friendly, relaxed atmosphere to disappear into; A typical dive bar experience. Here's a few things I picked up from my night:*** When you sit on a chair at Hanks, you are sitting there to chill the fuck out.They've got some of the best classic rock musicians in town who really light up the place. *** Very cool/kitschy decor. This place has mannequin legs on the ceiling and Dali-esque beer art on the walls. Tremendous stuff, if you ask me.*** I ordered two Samuel Adams, $5 a piece. Pretty cheap, if not, standard. I didn't see a wide variety of beer, but they did have the stuff I love drinking (Sam Adams, Guiness) so they're good in my book. I'm not sure if they sell any food, but I didn't see anybody eating. I'd definitely recommend this place. I think it's one of the few places downtown where you can enjoy live music and drinks on a tight budget. You don't have to stand in any lines to get in and I can say with definite loner expertise that you won't feel sorry if you tried it on your own. *** PARKING TIPS *** On a First Friday, I was not about to park at the mad house known as Mark's Garage or any place surrounding Nuuanu. If the structures are not hectic enough, trying to get out of the streets will be. I parked my car at the Chinese Cultural Plaza. It's a $3 flat rate after 5 pm, stalls are evenly spaced so you won't be shoulder buddies with the SUV parked next to you, and it's in a pretty secured building. It might take a few minutes to walk to Hank's, but it's nothing that a girl in heels can't handle.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,7/6/2012,265,441,9,16,11>Very few times to hidden gems get uncovered, and for Vino - it's like finding the Hope Freakin' Diamond. The most magical part of this find is the happy hour - never mind the food, yet - the happy hour is amazing, for one hour, between 5:30 and 6:30, the entire menu is 50% off; Fifty percent off of some excellent fine-dining fare. That's like having a Groupon, and never needing to print it out.I ordered myself the Osso Buco, a healthy serving of veal over mashed potatoes, vegetables and smothered in love ...errrrr, a reduction sauce. It was amazing for the price of $8. The veggies were soft and with the savory reduction sauce, melted once it hit your taste buds. The veal was perfect and tender, it slid right off of the bone, and into my mouth then I nearly slipped into a heaven. I asked which wines would pair well, and the bartender gave me an option of three available wines. I chose a rustic Italian wine, but when it came time to eat, I forgot all about my beverage because the food was delicious. Overall: with 50% off, it is definitely a Happy Hour, and one I will surely return to. An eight dollar osso buco was not the cheapest dish on the menu either. Additional pasta dishes, pizzas and meat dishes peppered the menu as well as sea food. Another additional aspect of the experience which made it all the better was owner Chuck Furuya who is an all-out amazing host... and funny jokester.24/365
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2011,7/5/2012,635,183,5,9,5>Synopsis: WOW!  If one word could describe this place it is "WOW!" The previous Thai place I have been to and rated extraordinary doesn't come close to the flavors that this place has to offer. I recommend this more than my childhood Thai place, "Thai Kitchen."  Before coming here, I read a few reviews to see what I should order fried calamari, stuffed chicken, evil jungle curry.  Let me tell you DIVINE!  I concur w/ the previous assessments on the food. The extra order we made was the Eggplant Tofu. Although the service wasn't to par, the environment and prices were excellent. I dare do say this is by far the best place I have been - or maybe I need to test my taste buds elsewhere.Environment: It's a hole in the wall by Kapolei shopping mall, by Chevron and Sumo Ramen.  From the outside, it's very festive with Christmas lights and a fake pine décor. You will witness figurines, native instrumental items, and the boxes that is used when you order sticky rice. Towards the back, there is a glass-like shelves filled with cups.  I thought this was fascinating.  It was very different from anything else, a beautiful contrast.  Almost though it should be turned into a mini bar. Haha.Parking: Although, my parents I didn't have a hard time finding parking, I can imagine the place being HELL!  I do say that's it's worth the search, however.  Especially, if you don't wan to venture into the depths of hell or aka town!Employee: The owner?  Seemed like the only person on the floor.  And he had about 8 tables that were filled.  He was very nice though.  Very genuine smile, courteous. When another lady began helping she wasn't very attentive, let alone welcoming.  She filled up the water glasses of my father and mother, but didn't even bother to ask me.  And with food that's hot like that, my water glass BETTER be at the top!  Finally, I had to flag her down and tell her what's up!  Another thing I was quite disappointed about is the fact that we weren't asked if we wanted chopsticks, especially when it came to the calamari. "Umm..hello!?" Food: We ordered the fried calamari, stuffed chicken, evil jungle curry shrimp (less spicy, as suggested by other yelpers and because of my mom), and eggplant tofu. When ordering rice, I do recommend making one order for two people because they serve a lot! In addition, I do say that the amount we ordered was excessive, we could have cut down to only 3 dishes, honesty. The fried calamari were boomerang fried shapes.  It crispiness was to die for. It definitely made my eyes roll back.  And it came with, dun dun, the expected sweet and sour sauce which isn't different from anywhere else. The stuffed chicken was surprisingly awesome, especially since it's made with ground chicken.  There wasn't a can or plastic taste and I wonder if they make their own....probably because it was that good.  Although, I wished they created a different sauce for it. Sweet and sour again.  NOOOO!!  Nonetheless, very crispy, uniquely designed.  The evil jungle curry was spicy, even upon our request to make it lighter.  It was GOOD!  VERY GOOD!  The best I have tasted.  The flavor of the curry was sublime.  Although the array of vegetables were less attractive, the creaminess followed by the heat was amazing.  I wish we had mild.  I wish I could have had it a little hotter. Mmm..it would have been pure awesome.  And the shrimp tails revealed all of the meat instead of having it mostly taken off.  I was very appreciative of this. :D  I love my entire shrimp without having to work extra hard. The eggplant tofu was very good too. The eggplant tasted local-grown fresh!  Though it wasn't superior to taste as the evil jungle curry shrimp, it was certainly yummilicious.  Next time I should ask to make it lightly flavored so it doesn't conflict with the flavors of the curry and coconut milk.Cost: For 3, plus tip of 20%, 57 bucks.  Not too shabby!!Must must go to!  Although, I am not sure if people from town would find it beneficial to go out of there way....that's debatable.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,7/4/2012,605,309,11,13,10>The first time Anna F. took me here, I didn't know what was going on, where we were going, or if I was going to come out alive. We walked down a narrow alley in the part of Downtown that you would never think had anything going on. This was the type of alley that you only see in gangsta movies. The bright side was that it was noon time with the sun overhead instead of a dark and wet evening! In the middle of the alley was a door. Anna F. opened the door and inside the room was a crowded restaurant filled with tons of people yapping and chattering. Apparently, this was not an unknown secret, it was a known secret that only now I've been introduced to. I felt like I had finally been welcomed to the Chinese mofia club!We quickly found a table and took our seats. Tea cups looked as if they haven't been replaced since the restaurant opened. The cups were all faded. I looked around the room and could not help but notice huge signs placed all over, randomly on the walls, with Chinese food items and their prices, all which said, "with White rice", and for, "$6" a plate. I looked at the menu and most items were around $6-$7.50 per plate. I ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad. 15 minutes later, a huge plate came out. It looked like half of the cabbage head was chopped and put on my plate. The cost was $7.25 (plus tax). It took a bit long, but the salad was very fresh and it looked like they had prepared it upon our ordering (instead of being pre-made). Anna F. ordered the Ginger Chicken Special (came with White rice). Her plate looked like the restaurant had chopped half of an entire chicken and bought it out. The cost was only $6 (plus tax).A bit sketchy at first, but I would say this is the definition of a hole in the wall. I never would have found this place on my own. This place has very good prices for huge portions. Just don't mind anything else and you'll be fine. The only thing I wished they served was Brown rice! Oh well, can't have it all.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,7/3/2012,651,637,8,17,15>25 layers of pork = 25 times the joy.Part of me doesn't want to spread the word about this place because I don't want it to get crowded.  But, I also don't want them to go out of business, so I'm gonna tell everyone I know to check these guys out!If you're visiting them for the first time, I'd recommend ordering the original.  It's the best way to get a feel for the 25 layers of tonkatsu, without other ingredients drowning out the flavor and taste of the pork. You have the option of ordering their special tonkatsu sauces for $1 each, or you can just stick to the complimentary regular tonkatsu sauce.  I ordered the garlic sauce after reading Martha Cheng's review in the Honolulu Magazine website, and have no regrets.  It was awesome.The rice is a must, since it's made-to-order and made with a high quality short grain rice.  This ain't no Uncle Ben's.We didn't order any appetizers because we knew the bottom-less wooden bowl of cabbage would keep us occupied until our entrees came.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,7/2/2012,392,296,8,11,11>I love this place.  It is hard enough to find a place out here in "past kalihi" west side to eat and this is a haven amongst them.  There aren't many out here let me tell you.First of all, if you blink, you might miss this place.  It is right the corner, opposite of cattle company and a rocks throw away from yogurtland.  When you walk in, you may be surprised to see a pretty small seating area but a clean and neatly kept dining area.  Wait staff was quickly on task to find me a seat and even let me move since my fam was coming and I didn't want them sitting in the A/C.NOW the food.  Ok, I like my spicy ahi, spicy, hence the name, BUT I don't really want to burn my head off.  And this one was pretty perfect!  I liked it since it was not super hot, a little creamy, and about a raquetball sized scoop.  To me, it was GOOD!I also got the ahi tempura in the 15 dollar combo and it was good too!  2 good sized pieces of ahi and veggie tempura to boot.  Nothing wrong with that.  The combo also came with a salad (4 different dressings to choose from) and a not bad tasting miso soup.Some say, $15 is a high price to pay for the atmosphere and the food quality.  But I say, if it tastes good, it is japanese food (that is always rather pricey, and it is in the no-mans-land-o-good-food then EAT IT.My daughter got the udon, which the jury is out on since she devoured it.  I guess it was good to her! haha!  My wife got the kal bi and shrimp tempura.  She loved it!  She kept saying how many pieces of kal bi there were and how the taste was good.  Again, I didn't get a piece of that either.So overall, I was impressed and will be back to eat more!  GO get SOME!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,7/1/2012,410,147,11,14,14>After constantly hearing people rave about Da Kitchen I finally decided to give it a try. I knew about their fried musubi's but little did I know I was going to be in fried heaven!I had lunch with two friends and we decided to each get a dish and share a fried musubi. Everything was piping hot, delicious, and FRIED. We got the Korean Chicken ($10.99) yelp.com/user_local_phot…Garlic Katsu ($11.95) yelp.com/user_local_phot…and the Katsu Moco ($15.60) yelp.com/user_local_phot…The fried musubi and Korean chicken were alright but what really stood out were the "Chef Specials" on the board (Garlic Katsu and the Katsu moco). The Garlic Katsu was amazing; it had just the right amount of garlic sauce. It even came with 4 layers of katsu! I swear that alone could be my entire day's worth of food! And the Katsu moco was overwhelming! It had a fat hamburger patty, about six pieces of katsu, and two eggs piled on top of a mountain of fried rice! I loved the portions and I'm happy to say that Da Kitchen has lived up to all its hype! All our plates were HUGE and could probably easily feed at least 2 people per plate. Good thing I cut a few 100 calories off of my bajillion calorie count by getting the toss salad instead of mac salad. But by the time we were done with lunch I was so stuffed I couldn't even move! I could easily eat Da Kitchen's local fried food every day, but if I did I would probably become sumo sized in no time. I guess Da Kitchen will be one of my "eat in moderation" restaurants. Be sure to check the board by the cashier for the current specials!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,6/30/2012,207,115,10,9,6>Ive been coming here often, almost too often and its not cheap, but Im addicted. I love buffalo, elk and other gamey meat. My usual is a mini salmon plate with 2 buffalo patties, I know its a lot but I dont eat all the rice or any of the mac salad. This order isnt on the menu, its basically custom ordered by request. When I first came in here and requested my order they looked at me like I was out of my mind, but now when I come in they know what I want. Ive basically never eaten anything else from this place. The salmon is grilled with their pulehu seasoning as is the buffalo which is cooked med rare, I like it a bit red in the middle. The kiawe smoked taste is subtle and not too stiff. The gamey taste is more prevalent in the elk than that of the buffalo, Ive had the buffalo so much in the past few months its starting to taste like regular beef to me, not sure if thats a good thing. Yes you will smell like youve been at the bon fire when you leave so I wait outside. Im trying to convince them to make my order a menu regular and name it after me but thats a work in progress.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,6/29/2012,152,116,9,13,10>Stopped by Guava Smoked at KCC Farmers Market yesterday to try one of their Smoked Pork Kababs, the mild version. First of all, I make my own smoked meat on occasion when I get "da' onos" (cravings) for some, using a recipe handed down from my late uncle who was an avid wild pig hunter on the Big Island. Google "Big Island Smoked Pork" and you'll find my recipe there. So I'm quite familiar with the smoking process and how the finished product should taste. Criteria to take into consideration should be the level of smokiness, the level of marinade penetration in the meat, and of course the flavor profile of the marinade, which typically the "Hawaii local style" is made up of shoyu, sugar/honey/mirin, ginger, garlic and/or chili pepper, plus everyone's own secret "ingrediments" and methods. That said, Guava Smoked Pork, served in cubed Kabab form, alternated with Onions, Green Bell Pepper and a whole Cherry Tomato, then grilled to perfection absolutely NAILS IT! BAM! Being that they do a cold smoke, using Strawberry Guava branch stocks and stumps, the pork has to be fully cooked on the grill, where the outcome is super succulent and juicy, generous-sized cubes of broke da' mout' winnahz smoked pork, with the flavor kicked up a million notches by the nicely charred "papa'a" a.k.a. "koge" edges off the hot hibachi. Keep in mind, don't expect "Guava Smoked" meat to taste like the tropically favorite Guava in the fruity/acidic/sweet sense of the thought, as the marinade doesn't contain any guava fruit at all (at least that I'm aware of or could detect). The brand name is strictly from the type of branch stump wood used in the smoking process, which is Strawberry Guava (an invasive species, actually), a.k.a. "Guaiwi". Essentially the "other smoking wood" of the more popular local fave', Kiawe (mesquite), with Lychee branch stumps also used by some. Getting to it, Guava Smoked rendition of "Smoke Meat" has the PERFECT level of marinade penetration, where you can still taste the natural flavor of the pork. It has the PERFECT level of smoke, where you can still taste the natural flavor of the pork. And finally it has the PEFECT balance in marinade flavor. Not too shoyu-ee or salty, not too sweet, not to too spicy, not too rancid, but JUS' RIGHT! (sorry, I couldn't resist the Rap) Simply said, Guava Smoked' marinade and smoking method lend to the pork, without overpower it, which I think is very critical. In fact, I'll probably modify my own smoked meat recipe and method after trying the Guava Smoked version. Add to the perfectly-executed smoked pork, you have the bite from the grilled onion, zest from the Green Bell Pepper and tang from the Cherry Tomato that really round it out. Add Poi or Nori-Ume Musubi on da' side and you've got a complete meal! Guava Smoked Pork Kababs are seriously ono kine grinds! According to owner Scott Shibuya (super cool braddah), they're regulars at the Honolulu Farmers Market at Neal Blaisdell Center every Wednesday afternoon. So I'm DEFINITELY goin' back to visit them there to try the Smoked Pork Burger!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,6/28/2012,284,411,5,6,8>i was in a pinch today, super hungry and I didn't pack food or snacks so I quickly gave into my urges.  Drove off of the freeway, made my right turn onto Sand Island Road and then the next right, right up to the wagon that I have become familiar with.Today I parked across the street and walked up to the wagon.  The mama that owns the wagon greeted me so warmly like she knew me.  Well come to find out, she does remember me and even asked about my mom and how she was doing.  WOW!  I love this lady!  I asked if she does all the cooking and she said that she does and its a nice hobby for her.  She went on to also say that she does not cook with MSG and I told her how much I appreciate that.I went on to order what has become one of my favorite, shoyu chicken and I decided to also try that chicken adobo.  A mixed plate for $5.50, tell me how are you going to go wrong with the price and the portion size. She ran out of tossed salad so mac salad was in my plate and today that had a bit too much mayo for my liking.  The adobo was good but I love the shoyu chicken.Yes I understand that they are not nicos or even graces but for the value, taste and portion size.........they are awesome to me.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,6/27/2012,262,145,9,19,13>Every year, I order cookies from Sassy Sweets to give as gifts. And every year, I end up eating almost an entire jar by myself by New Year's. Even die-hard soft cookie fans have fallen in love with these treats. There is no skimping on the chips in the chocolate chip cookies, and my old boss, who told me that oatmeal raisin cookies are "too healthy" had to admit that Sassy Sweets' version is buttery and delightful. The chex mix is also excellent, and every now and then, Sandy makes amazing pineapple macadamia nut shortbread cookies that are out of this world. I am not sure if you have to know of a secret handshake for these, but if you get a chance, I highly suggest ordering them.There are a couple of drawbacks to Sassy Sweets. First, these cookies are rather expensive. At $20 for a half gallon and $38 for a full gallon, you probably won't be getting a jar for absolutely everyone in your office unless you repackage them yourself or are rich (in which case, hi, my name is Kristen; let's be friends). Second, the owner is a little well...sassy! She's not nasty, but she is definitely not as sweet as her cookies.One final note: I believe the labels may have a small Bible verse printed on them somewhere (In-n-Out style), so if that kind of stuff offends you, you have been warned. But otherwise, enjoy these delicious goodies!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,6/26/2012,158,126,4,10,9>Epic? Ok, bring it on! My husband and I have been hunting for great happy hours! We decided to give Restaurant Epic a try since it is like a block away from our house. We arrived at around 5:30 on a weekday and were surprised to find only like 3 other people there. I figured since it was downtown it would be hoppin. OH well we had an hour left of happy hour! We were happy campers! I also noticed that the actual bar is tiny. Disappointment. Oh well. We were seated right next to the window which brings its on splendor of crack heads fighting in the street, homeless people camping out on the curb and traffic...tons of traffic. Not the best view. We started off with drinks. I ordered the Apple-Tini and my honey ordered the Epic Mojito! These drinks were pretty strong and very good. But, compared to other Happy Hours they were on the smaller size for the same amount of money. But still good drinks. We had two rounds of this and then I switched to the Mojito and he tried some of their well drinks. For eats we ordered four items from their happy hour menu. The Asian Fish tacos which tasted like bottom feeder fish with little to no flavor. I will never order this again. They come with three tacos we each had one and then left the last to be thrown away. That is how bad it was. We also ordered the Fried Shrimp with Cajun Remoulade-$7. This was very good and it has like 6-8 pieces of shrimp. Just ask for extra sauce. The sauce was the star of the dish! The Short Rib Sliders-$7 were just ok. I expected there to be some sort of special sauce on them like the shrimp but no. Just normal ketchup, pickle, and lettuce. I would pass on this if I return too. Finally we ordered the sweet potato fries-$5. Now these were tasty! Normal sweet potato fries with sourcream and a zesty BBQ sauce. Delicious! We will come back for the drinks, sweet potato fries and the dinner menu!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,6/25/2012,263,192,12,14,10>What would you do when you realize you're out of shape after taking hours to climb Koko Head and falling down? Some people would take that as a hint to start working out harder, but I decided to head to Home to get my fat on! Luckily we found parking around the corner so I didn't have to hobble too far on my sprained ankle, but my guess is that parking isn't always that easy. We had to wait for maybe 15 minutes before we got seated on a Thursday night. It looks like this is the Pau Hana spot to go to because it was really packed when we first got there and full of people in Aloha shirts and casual business attire, but it slowed down a little as the night went on.We ordered Strawberry Basil Mojitos at the bar while we waited. They were really yummy, but I'm pretty sure that the bartender forgot to put alcohol in our drinks. That kinda sucked when we paid $8 each for them. Luckily the food and service made up for that weak drink! The inside of this place is nothing spectacular. It looks like a typical old sports bar. I was just expecting typical bar food, but I was really impressed that the food was slightly gourmet with bar food prices! We ordered the famous tater tot nachos ($9) and it definitely hit the spot! The garlic chicken was probably some of the best I've had, full of flavor, good texture, and chips of garlic sprinkled on top, yummy for $8! A friend came later and ordered the shrimp and chicken wings. While they were both good, I was happy I stuffed myself with the nachos and garlic chicken earlier. The table next to us probably ordered everything on the menu and it made me want to come back and try it all! The steak and pork chops looked to die for! And of course the portions are huge! On top of the awesome food, the servers were very friendly and attentive. Even though they were busy, the food came out pretty fast and the servers kept on checking up on us and refilling my water. I drank so much water that I had to hobble to the bathroom 4 times! I kinda wished they forgot about my water so I wouldn't drink and pee as much! Oh well, I'll definitely be back since I've been recommending this place to many people since my first visit!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,6/24/2012,184,409,5,7,7>YAHOO!  Perhaps 2012 may be the end of the world, and so Tae's decided to make new hours so everybody can try their grilled meat goodness.  Tae's used to only be open for lunch, Monday to Saturday, 11 am to 3 pm.  Tae's food is cheap enough and so good that it never fails to cheer me up.  Haha, and now they are open to 6 pm, Monday to Saturday, whew, I can get them after a hard's day work.The menu is real simple, 5 items total with a choice among 3 different toppings- wasabi, garlic chips, and teri sauce.  Chicken sukiyaki, new york steak, steak roll, beef sukiyaki, and pork sukiyaki.  I alternate between beef sukiyaki and steak roll.  I tried the pork sukiyaki the other day but it didn't blow me away like the other two do.  Maybe next time I will get around to the NY steak, but the only problem is that it looks so thick that I'm never in the mood to be that full.  And as for the chicken, well, its hard to choose chicken when there's big pictures of steak next to it.Tae's most popular item is the steak roll and its number one for a reason.  It's unique, interesting, and tasty.  Thin, flank steak rolled around raw potato shavings, and so its juicy and crunchy.  Especially with wasabi and the ponzu sauce, there's a delicious mixture of sweet, spicy, and sour, and so that's why I'm so drawn to it.  I find the flavor combination quite distinguished.  As for the beef sukiyaki, nothing unique about it, just comfort food done real well.  Nice beef, good sauce, and a fried egg.So get 2012 off to a good start and embrace Tae Teppanyaki's new hours!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,6/23/2012,149,107,16,14,13>Thanks to Yelp for their spot on reviews and warnings.   I have been reading about this restaurant for quite some time and we finally made it here to eat.  I came with the family for dinner and luckily there were two tables  left. As previously reported this is a small restaurant with only seven tables.  Last night she had a girl and a guy helping to deliver the food and refill the water pitcher for the tables.  We still took our own order and delivered it to the kitchen.  The owner was in the back cooking like crazy.  Do not go here if you are short on time.  Just relax and enjoy the company you came with.So while we waited for our food, my daughters started seriously reading the rules that were posted on a  piece of paper under the glass table top.  My daughters were freaking out about the rules and whispered that they were afraid and didn't want to come back again because the rules were scary.  I had heard about most of the the rules already (place your own order, corkage fee if you BYOB, share with her and no corkage fee, etc.)  All of a sudden my daughter goes, "Mom, take your purse and hook off the glass table!  LOOK AT THE RULE!"  Holy smokes, I immediately removed my purse that I hung with a hook.  Whew that was a close call!   Judging by the rules, someone's purse/table hook must have broke the glass table top as there is now a rule that says "If you break it, you buy it.  $100 small glass, $200 big glass."   Lucky for me my daughter read the rules because 10 minutes later Ah Lang comes flying out of the kitchen because the guy helper delivered to our table an order that belonged to someone else.  Wow that petite lady moves very fast and forcefully. My bag would have been right there for her to see.... and I would have been killed.... whew!Anyway, the food was excellent!  We ordered Kalbi, Vegetable pancake, steamed mandoo (they only make steamed), stone pot bi bim bap, kim chee dubu, and meat jun.  I have no idea why we ordered so much food!  The Kalbi was tender and delicious; my carnivore youngest daughter could not keep away from the Kalbi.  The Meat Jun was immediately declared the best ever, even better than her friend's Korean mom.  I fell in love with the vegetable pancake as it was full of fresh veggies and held together with a delicate batter.  Hubby enjoyed his kimchee dubu and kalbi too.  In all, everything was excellent.  By the time we were done, Ah Lang got through the dinner rush and was able to come out for a break.  She checked on us and actually smiled when I told her that her meat jun was the best.  My daughter later squealed and said, "Mom, she is nice, not mean.  And she smiled at me!" I guess we can come back since  they are no longer afraid because they saw her smile and because we enjoyed our dinner so much!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,6/22/2012,149,398,3,7,7>When I walked past this place I was skeptical at first.  I was not sure what to expect.  I was pleasantly surprised to find a cool place to chill with a friend over drinks and conversation.Upon walking in, I noticed that the bar was entirely too small.  Three, maybe four chairs at the bar.  In the main dining area (they do serve food), there was a couple of tables and a couple of bistro style tables.  All the tables were in black lacquers that also matched the chairs and some of the decorating on the walls.  There is a lounge area that consist of two areas for seating.  The art on the walls was a bit interesting to say the least.As for the drinks, we order a Tokyo Tea and a Long Island Ice Tea! BEWARE! These drinks are strong normally, but after drinking one of them from this place, you will certainly know that you got your money worth! The place surprisingly reminds me of some of the bars/lounges in Hong Kong.  It also gave me an eerie feeling that the Hong Kong Mafia was behind some secret door hidden away from the world!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,6/21/2012,116,221,7,6,7>My husband has a lot of great qualities.  One quality is his willingness to have dinner ready 5 days of the week.  See, he gets home before I do so he is very good about having dinner planned/ready.  When I feel like being a Super Ninja Mama, I call him and say, "Honey, I'll take care of dinner tonight."  I'll fill you Yelpers in on a secret.  The real reason I would ever feel like being a Super Ninja Mama is because I'm craving sushi or poke salad.  But that's our secret.  So at least once every two weeks I will don my cape, strap on my sword, and swing over to Ninja Sushi.  We have tried practically everything on their menu but we have our favorites.  Udon and crab roll are my daughter's favorites.Poke Salad and Tornado are my favorites.California Roll is my bubba's favorite.And my husband.....hmm.  Come to think of it.  I don't think he has a favorite.  Hey!!!  Maybe my secret is not such a secret at all.  Perhaps he's letting me fulfill my fantasy of being a super hero.   Whatever it may be, I will continue being a Super Ninja Mama.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,6/20/2012,58,56,4,7,6>I'm an awful at racing games. I'm all over the grass, flipping over, running other people into the wall, so when Podium came to town (mine, not yours, actual townie), I was hesitant to try it. This past week, the Boyfriend's family was in town and with all of these testosterone pumping, adrenaline junkies, there was no way for me to avoid going. We decided to go on a Thursday afternoon around 4PM hoping it wouldn't be too packed. The place was actually pretty empty considering and we decided to get the trackpass for $6 so we could get the discounted price of $45 for three races. [Note: You can only get the discounted rates if you already have a trackpass, so it's more like $51 for three races the first time.] You can pretty much wear anything onto the track. They say you need covered shoes, but they were letting adults and children race in slippers. There were four races ahead of us and they went by pretty quickly as we planned out our strategy. When it was our turn we got taken into this little room and our pit crew guy, Mike was awesome and taught us all of the basics and then we suited up and it was race time. Racing is so exciting! I believe those karts can go up to 45 MPH so you're really flying around that track. During our second race things got a little sticky and the Boyfriend passed me by the fly waving guy and hit the break or something and skidded sideways. I was pretty close behind and slammed into him t-bone style. Before I even knew what was happening, guys were there lifting my kart off his and we were racing again not a minute later. I think this is the worst way you could crash on the track and both of us got up without a scratch, so it's very safe.For a bunch of first timers, everyone's best lap time was 22 seconds or less, which I think was pretty good. You can't sign up for another race until yours is over so we ended up being at the track for almost three hours. When you finish your race, they hand out score sheets so you can see exactly how everyone in your group did. Oh! Another thing, let them know when you sign up for your race that you only want your group to race. During our first race, they tried to put two groups together so there would be 10 people on the track. If two's company and three's a crowd, ten is just absolute chaos.4/5 stars because it's so much fun! Just be prepared to wait and a much lighter pocket when you leave.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,6/19/2012,431,254,2,9,6>I must say this coffee shop is pretty cool.  I went there for an old friend of mines.  He had an art exhibition.  I think they are still up.  It's pretty cozy looking and I don't feel like a sardine in a can.  I believe they have an agenda.  Like a certain night is open mic or something like that.  I been meaning to check it out.  Once you enter there is a small stage to your right which they also have live music.  The vibe I got was pretty good.  I also heard that the owner of this place is a pastor from Makakilo.  The cool thing that I dig is that some of the proceeds go to certain charity.  That is pretty radical!  And I think every month it will vary.What I tasted there was the Spicy Mocha.  Not bad.  It was sweet which I enjoy :)  Staff was nice and helpful in helping me choose my drink.I always do work at Starbucks.  Think I'm going to change it up.Check it out.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,6/18/2012,48,117,3,15,10>Re-use Hawaii gets one of my coveted 5 stars!  Okay gals, it's not a pretty showroom.  You'll need to put on your creative hat here. Please don't wear high heels here as you'll be traipsing through an actual warehouse.  You also might get a little dusty shuffling through all the treasures. But....you will be helping the planet and you will be saving tons of cash.  Not everything here is used.  There were unopened items...found switchplates from the old Gems store still in packaging.  (I will not explain Gems to those of you too young to remember it) Also saw several medicine cabinets & mirrors in boxes.Lots of cool retro items - original GLASS doorknobs for $60-$75.  Even a very old Frigidaire reefer that I remember Grandma having.  I scored a cool old wood drawer for $2 that I'm going to paint and use as a planter box.Here's my suggestion:  If you're working on a home improvement project, go to all of the pretty showrooms to get ideas and prices.  Then go to Re-use Hawaii.  If you get lucky, you'll save a ton of cash AND help the environment.  Re-use Hawaii also accepts donations.  They are a non profit organization.  If you are demolishing something, call them.  You may be able to get a tax deduction.  Their website : reusehawaii.org also has an on-line inventory of items, however it's not comprehensive....you HAVE to visit the site to experience its full flavor!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,6/17/2012,588,341,7,15,11>I've passed by this place dozens of times with barely a glance back, with the plethora of southeast Asian cuisine choices in the immediate vicinity, it's easy to overlook this little diamond in the rough.  The entire 25-30 seat eatery is manned, or should I say, wo-manned by the owner herself, Lisa.  Don't take this statement to mean service will be slow because she greets, seats, pours, cooks and cleans (except for when she coerces her brother in to wash dishes) all herself.  Service is stellar - swift, friendly, even keeping to the custom i've seen at most thai restaurants where your water glass is filled after just about every sip you take.  I don't know how she does it, she's like a ninja!  Lucky for me, a friend insisted I try Sabai Dee and in true lazy spirit, I was honestly eager to eat here because I could walk over, thinking of my friend - sucks to be you to have to find parking on King St.!  Little did I know they validate parking in the University Square lot (located at the corner of Univ and King).  The two of us feasted!  I'm still going meat-free until the end of April but was still able to enjoy just about everything - since you're ordering from the cook herself, she'll modify anything to your tastes and needs!The most impressive dishes were the Tom Kha, a coconut ginger soup with lots of vegetables and tofu - not to spicy or tart, warm and soothing and very filling over rice - a perfect meal for a chilly night and a HUGE portion:yelp.com/biz_photos/VasW…The shrimp pad thai was amazing, I love that she loads the traditional noodle dish with lots of extra veggies (she added brocolli, carrots and extra bean sprouts for me), the noodles were cooked perfectly and had just the right chewy consistency to balance the crunchy vegetables and crumbled peanuts on top:yelp.com/biz_photos/VasW…Although this was a stellar dinner, I couldn't help but notice her insanely cheap lunch specials - $8.95 for a FOUR COURSE MEAL?!  Sign me up!  She also does take out specials for $6 (same size portion as dinner)! What?!  Lisa will soon offer cooking classes (which we all know I am in desperate need of) and currently offers catering.  What kind of juice is she running on?!  She even tweets after lunch and dinner (follow her @sabaideehawaii) !  When does this woman sleep?
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,6/16/2012,87,104,4,9,5>The menu reads as though someone were listing the most common dishes of Cantonese cuisine: winter melon soup, superior broth with thousand-year egg, sweet-and-sour pork, beef chow fun (three kinds!!), young chow fried rice. Unfortunately I have yet to try these because I'm too content with what I already like.I love the green beans with ground pork, with a smattering of fermented black beans. The won ton mein is heaven, almost textbook-perfect with its very simple broth, thready you mian noodles, and scrumptious pork-shrimp dumplings; I order a side of kai lan with garlic (not on the menu) to throw in the soup -- sooo good. The chicken in black bean sauce satisfies well enough, but I prefer the crispy-chewy minute chicken. And beef broccoli is very different here, practically sauceless, but tiny pieces of ginger enliven the meat. However, someone needs to tell the chef to use chopsticks instead of the wok ladle to make lo mein -- though delicious, the noodles are impossible to separate and mix with the vegetables. I could do it, but Chinese kitchens always have lots of cleavers around. Chef also needs to turn up the heat when deep-frying the spring rolls, cos they were the greasiest I've ever encountered.The restaurant, diminutive in size compared to most of its competitors, is clean and bright (no, I'm not gonna sing Edelweiss for you), and I'm one of the only customers speaking English, which as you likely know by now indicates a higher level of authenticity. ... Do Chinese immigrants go to Panda Express?? I wouldn't know; I haven't been there in over a decade. Americans are terrible about settling for imitations. You don't eat at Chinese restaurants for lovely, professional service, so there's no need to complain. At least it's quick and you can easily communicate with the waitstaff as long as your requests/ordering are succinct and uncomplicated.One more thing: Tea is jasmine instead of oolong. Whoohoo!!!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,6/15/2012,152,116,6,8,7>What's better than juicy gossip? Juicy meat! Especially when the meat is wrapped in crispy, katsu-goodness.Came here with a good friend for her going-away dinner. She literally lived around the corner from this place, but never in her five years in Hawaii had she ever come to eat here. . . And neither had I (and I thought I tried all the Japanese places). Boy, were WE missing out.I ordered the Thick Cut Pork Loin, and based mostly on my recommendation, she had what essentially amounts to the sandwiched version. My dish came with goma (sesame seeds), tsukemono, miso soup, and bottomless cabbage and white rice.The first thing I had to do for my meal was grind the goma, which came in its own little suribachi (mortar). This little do-it-yourself task can seem cumbersome before a deservingly anticipated dinner, but as a means of preparation, it allows you to experience the sweet fragrance only freshly ground seeds can offer. It's actually really appetizing, so the task is gladly accepted. And when the deed is done, all you have to do is pour the tonkatsu sauce into the bowl and use it as dip for your pork.The goma comes waaay before the pork so there's a bit of time to kill, but the pork is so worth it. Pre-sliced and arranged neatly on a wired rack to keep it crisp, the tonkatsu is juicy as F%#&. The juices are completely preserved in the golden breading, and every bite of meat just seems to melt into your mouth. And the sauce is so well matched! Every bite, or each chew for that matter, deserves an "OMG", and it's hard to contain my elation because it was like, as my friend Bob would say, an "oral-gasm".  Oh yes; If you're in any kind of committed relationship, you might find yourself feeling guilty, because eating this is like cheating on your partner. . . A hasty exaggeration of course, but if you actually find that this is the case, you should see if the cook is single.At first the food didn't seem like much in terms of quantity, but actually I had trouble finishing after several refills on the rice. If you do eat here, try to remember that a little bit of the tonkatsu goes a long way, so contain your excitement over how delicious the food is and savor each and every bite.This is just one of those "Why hadn't I come here sooner?" places.Little titbit: "Ton-katsu" literally means "pork-cutlet" ("cutlet" having originally been pronounced "katsuretsu" by the Japanese), but "katsu" in other contexts can also mean "to win". So to echo the sentiment, sometimes Japanese families will prepare tonkatsu or similarly prepared chicken katsu for children before particularly important competitions or exams. If you know someone in the same position, it might make a great occasion to bring them here.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2011,6/14/2012,181,73,11,15,13>My husband is somewhat of a poke aficionado. Alright, that's being nice. The guy is a straight up poke snob. Unfortunately, his disdain for previously frozen ahi & predilection for the much more expensive fresh stuff has passed on to me. I also have him to blame for introducing me to Ono Seafood. Ahi poke elsewhere just can't compare. The shoyu ahi poke is winnahs...if you know me, you know I NEVER speak pidgin due to the fact that despite being born & raised here, I still sound like a complete idiot, but that's just the best way to explain it. The fish is super fresh, the onion & limu give it a nice crunch & the sauce makes me wanna slap my mama. Sorry, Mom.Other honorable mentions:-Miso tako: The tako is deliciously chewy & the miso sauce has a hint of sweetness. Bring a pound of this & a pound of shoyu ahi to your next get together & I guarantee everyone will ask who brought the poke & where they got it from. Then you can do the two thumbs up motion & exclaim "THIS GUY went ONO SEAFOOD!" Although your friends may tease you mercilessly about your douchebagginess, they'll never question your ability to bring a bangin' pupu to a potluck.-Boiled peanuts: These little guys are so simple in theory, yet so many places don't get it right. Overcooked & mushy...bleh. Too dry...bleh. Onos gets it right every time. Perfectly cooked so that they still have a little snap to them & juicy so you get all that yummy star anise flavor. Awesome with beer.Ono Seafood does poke the way it's meant to be done. If that means I gotta pay a little more, so be it.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,6/13/2012,408,240,10,10,10>I woke up and couldn't talk.  My nose was dripping, I sounded like a man when I managed to speak and my cough sounded somewhat like a seal's bark.  Let's just say, I wasn't as enthusiastic as Justin to try a new place this morning.  But... as usual I wanted him to chose the brunch place.  (Yea, I'm a trooper, just cause I'm fighting some ninja-virus, doesn't mean I skip a meal...*brush my shoulders off*)  So off to Tango Cafe we went.Y'all know I need my stimulating atmosphere and the inspiration lights and birch tree decor certainly provided that.  All joking aside though, we were greeted with a smile and I was excited about the place just from looking around. (Okay, fine, I was really excited about the quick glimpse of a full wine fridge.... but I mean I had to rein it in, we were there for breakfast and all the booze from last night probably wasn't even out of my system yet.)The breakfast menu looked great and the photos on yelp looked better so I figured I couldn't loose.  I eyed the coffee drinks with anticipation until Justin threatened to show me iphone evidence that coffee was just as bad as beer for my struggling immune system.... they looked super good though, next time I'll be trying those for sure.I ended up with a half order of (drum roll please) the smoked salmon bagel.  Unfortunately, i think they forgot my cream cheese :(  Maybe Justin told them it wasn't good for my germs....  Though the salmon was delicious and there was plenny of it, the meal wasn't the best I had.  Luckliy, Justin is a sharer (of germs as well as food) so I got to have some of his meal: 1/2 order of crab hash benedict and 1/2 order of loco moco benedict.  The crab hash benedict on a english muffin was deee-lish and the potatoes looked really good too.  (Yea, i was mackin' on his plate, what up)  All in all the food was fresh, the prices were great and I would definitely return- hopefully in better shape!I was so torn between 4 stars and 5 because though I wasn't a huge fan of my meal, the service was excellent, the atmosphere bomb-diggety and Justin's meal was pretty freakin amazing.  With some theraflu in me I'm feeling generous so 5 stars it is.  ....And I can't WAIT to go back for lunch and dinner (ummm.... and wine)ps- my apologies to the people next to us, I tried my best to keep my germs to myself... but take emergen-c just in case.... tis the season
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,6/12/2012,411,273,14,14,15>DA GOOD ...- Another locally-owned + operated coffee shop that's an alternative to Starsucks- Free wi-fi available!- Happy Cakes are still sold here- The store owners, Tina + Poppy, are SO personable, down-to-earth, and full of aloha!  They remember regular customers' names + orders/preferences.- 'Ono selection of foods, pastries + desserts: breakfast sandwiches, paninis, freshly baked scones, specialty drinks, espressos, coffees, lattes, etc.!DA BAD (IF YOU CAN EVEN CALL IT THAT) ...- Depending on what time you go, parking MIGHT be a bitch (as karma is said to be, right).  They share the same parking lot as Like Like Drive Inn.  Metered parking is available on Koreanmoku, Rycroft + nearby Kanunu Street (near Pagoda Hotel).- Smaller tables + chairs than I'd like, but only 'cuz I've got a big 'okole + love to take up spaceDA FREAKIN' FANTASTIC ...- CUPCAKES!!  Oh, My Buddha (OMB), I've tried Cupcake Couture + Hokulani recently, and both can't compare.  I tried 10 of Hokulani's specialty cupcakes just last month, and can tell you, they pale in comparison to Poppy's!- $3.49 per cupcake --- for a VERY GENEROUS, fluffy, and delightful cupcake that is freshly baked everyday (even da frosting is made in-house!).  Not as dense, overly sweet + enough to give you a diabetic-induced coma like Hokulani's.  - Flavors such as S'mores, Red Velvet, Chocolate, Vanilla-Vanilla, Lemon Drop, and monthly specials such as Butter Rum/Eggnog (for X-mas 2011) + Kona Caramel Macchiato (just released).Hoku's has wonderful, wonderful service, but their cupcakes suck.  For about $2.50 for a regular cupcake + $3.50 for a specialty one, you get maybe half of a Poppy's cupcake.  Poppy's cupcakes are light, fluffy, and filling without being too overindulgent.  My bf + I - not SMALL people, by any means! - usually buy one and split it in two, and we're all good to go. :) I've given these out to gifts to friends + neighbors, much to their unsuspecting delight (one friend later asked if Poppy's sold gift cards when I presented her with 5 of their cupcakes as a "mahalo" gift).They're definitely a force to be reckoned with on the burgeoning cupcake scene in Honolulu!REVIEW #202
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,6/11/2012,328,504,4,12,11>Its very rare that a first visit to a business makes such an impression on me that from the moment I leave, I begin to think of when I'd like to return.  Last night I had one of those moments during my first (and certainly not the last) meal at Ricado's Italian Restaurant.LOCATION:  Ricado's is located in Aiea in the Pearl Kai Shopping Center.  For those of you who are familiar with this complex, parking is sparse, so I would recommend arriving early if you have a reservation or meeting a group of people.I thought of making a dinner reservation, but thankfully that wasn't necessary as my friend and I arrived to discover there was no wait and were seated immediately.Since she and her family are "regulars" at Ricado's, I relied on her past experiences to help choose an appetizer for us.  On her recommendation, we chose the calamari as an appetizer to share.  As for a choice of entree, I decided I would try the Chicken Parmigiana since that seemed like a favorite in recent Yelp reviews (thank you Thomas O.!!).  My friend, the "regular", chose one of her staple favorites, the Chicken Marsala, for her dinner entree.FOOD:1)  Bread.  The bread is complimentary and serve FRESH.  Bread lovers will delight in this simple but appetizing addition to their meal, complete with butter and parmesan cheese topping.2)  Calamari:  Absolutely wonderful and delicious!!  My co-worker chose well and we thoroughly enjoyed this dish as we waited for our entrees.3)  Chicken Parmigiana:  Outstanding, hands down!  The dish itself was a decent portion, not too little and not too much, it was just right.  The chicken was tender and was accompanied by a sea of noodles with a generous serving of tomato sauce.SERVICE:  Besides the delicious food, the customer service was just another standout component to our already exceptional dining experience at Ricado's.  I was truly impressed with the patience and attentiveness of the staff.  They came to check on us repeatedly throughout our meal, provided water refills in a timely manner, and kindly offered boxes at the end of the meal.  LOSS:  I would have given my review 5 stars were it not for a small, but slightly significant observation:  Soda refills are not complimentary....customers must pay the full price of another glass if they'd like a "refill".  AMBIENCE:  The restaurant is quaint and cozy, while the decorations and color are a tribute and testament to the mother-land of the cuisine that is served.Bottom Line:  Delicious food.  Outstanding customer service.  I'll definitely be back!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,6/10/2012,835,537,8,15,11>Located in Waipahu near Thelma's Filipino Restaurant and among a slew of other establishments is the new spa Nu Beauty Zone.A friend of mine commented how fabulous her manicure was on FB so I had to check this place out. I called Friday evening to schedule an appointment for a mani/pedi Saturday morning. I was told they accept walk ins but it was best to make an appointment. Since they had an appointment available I decided to make one.I arrived at 9AM on Saturday morning. Parking was ample but I knew it would get busy shortly as the lunch time hour approached (since there are so many establishments close by). The spa is new, clean, and a "full service" spa that offers manicures, pedicures, acrylic/gel nails, hair cuts/color/styling, waxing, and even facials! It's a fairly decent sized salon. The only gripe I had at 9AM was that the air conditioner wasn't on... yet. I'm assuming that since it was still early they didn't turn it on, but I was wearing a Victoria's Secret PINK sweater because normally nail salons are freezing! I wasn't sweating or anything lol but that was my only gripe.Michael was my nail tech. He introduced himself, asked me for my name, and had me start with my pedicure. He made a little "small talk", telling me he was from New York, how the snow is beautiful but a pain, and that black ice is dangerous. I've never had the joy of touching snow or seeing it fall (except for on TV) so he had my full attention! It's a family owned business and he said his sister in law asked him to come to Hawaii to work at the spa. He asked each time he did something. Can I trim your nails a little? Is the water temperature okay? Is the massage pressure okay? Are you comfortable? Do you like the french tips? He was very nice and polite... an absolute sweet heart! I'm a BIG stickler for french tips... and he did them VERY well. He also made "fat french tips" which I loooove! It was even on both sides and shaped nicely. I was pleasantly surprised! I wish the massages last longer though... sigh... The chair is AWESOME! I had a horrible knot in my upper right shoulder which the "kneading" helped to sorta alleviate. Also, the chair massages yer ARSE! Yeeesssirrr that's right, you read that correctly... the CHAIR massages yer ARSE!!! It's the weirdest... yet most interestingly most uniquely awesome experience... L M F A O! 5 stars for the freakin chair that gives the arse massage!Okay okay... all joking aside lol... the pedicure was FABULOUS, Michael is FABULOUS, as we've established, the chair is FABULOUS... and the price? Even MORE FABULOUS. $21 WITH TAX for a pedi w/ french tips. How freakin unreal is that?! (that's also because they are offering 20% off for the month of February since it's their grand opening)... BUT, even without the 20% off, it would've been $26 w/ french tips, and THAT is still CHEAP! Other nail salons I've been to I end up paying almost $35! I'll be back for sure... and you should go too! Great new salon!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,6/9/2012,772,600,6,13,13>This place has so many memories for me, I love it here!  We used to have many many bowling team practices and games here back in high school!  Bowling with your right hand, eating with your left and then playing some photo hunt afterwards?!  Best times ever!Being one of the few places left to bowl on the island, it provides a nice, calm environment to kick back and relax.  The games are cheap ($3/game, $2 for shoes) and when they have cosmic bowling, the games go up by $0.50.  There are a few lanes with bumpers for kids and if you request it, they have a small metal ramp to help kids roll the ball.  Not sure of the exact hours, but they are open till 12a on the weekends (Fri/Sat nights).The food here has always been pretty good and they have alcohol as well!  The staff is nice and friendly.  There are some times when the lanes breakdown, but in my experience with Fort Shafter, it doesn't happen too often and they are always able to fix it right away.  Must start coming back here more!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,6/8/2012,212,76,35,44,37>I'll be honest... I'm going to miss the famous Uncle Clay specialty icees. No way can that ever be replaced. But I'm not going to hold it against Uncle Clay for trying a different route in his business venture and lifelong dream. Who are we to say what direction a man's dream should go? Some may say "you shouldn't mess with something that isn't broken", and people might be tempted to apply that concept here. Sure, he changed up his menu, but he never changed his attitude and spirit of Aloha, and that is truly what matters. Unlike most establishments serving any type of edible item, I go for the taste and the service is the bonus. Uncle Clay's was the only exception to that formula. I would go for the service; his bomb snacks were just the added bonus... Although I may not covet the new shave ice as being my "top choice for shave ice in the islands," I can never get over the fact that Uncle Clay's is by far the best example of Aloha within Hawaii.The shave ice is "all natural" and while that concept is a welcomed addition to the trend of going organic and eating healthy, I can't help but wonder how much of a benefit eating organic shave ice could actually save me from the travesties of eating non-organic flavored ice. Additionally many have mentioned the flavor being "weak," and I would have to honestly agree. When I think about "snacks" and "dessert" I think about the small indulgence it is within our eating schedule and I think that it should be as flavorful as possible without causing an appetite meltdown. So as much as I would like to support Uncle Clay's venture into all natural shave ice, I would have to say that there is room for improvement. And it is that room for improvement that I'm sure Uncle Clay will find a way to fill it with his spirits of Aloha as his dream progresses.My lasting thought... HOPA (House of Pure Aloha), consider the vocabulary before you write a review on how much you hate his shave ice. Sure I may not be an immediate fan of his new ice venture, but give him a chance to speak to you and you'll see this isn't your normal shave ice joint. He's serving Aloha for less than $3 a visit and throwing in a free bowl of all natural shave ice, judge him on that and see if you can find a place more deserving of a 5 star review...
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,6/7/2012,783,555,12,16,14>I rarely give 5 stars. When I do, I make sure that all of my brother's mom's aunty's uncle's father's grandmother's friend's and neices know about where I've eaten. And in reverse, do the same when I give a 1-star. There are major key signs I look at when rating a restaurant... And so far, this is the best Thai food I've tried on the island! I went during a weekday for lunch and it was crowded! First sign a 5 star...Three of us ordered one dish each to share and that was way enough food. We got the yellow curry, 3 orders of sticky rice, pad sew, and spicy eggplant. Everything was really deeeelish, lots of flavor. Prices are very reasonable too! As it should be since it's Thai food! Second & third + sign. Aaaand, the food came out in a timely manner even though it was really busy. Really ++ sign (since we were on a time crunch)...The ambiance and decor were nice. Pleasant to look at and the restaurant was pretty clean. I didn't feel like I had to wash my hands after touching the menu. Next sign...Customer service was spot on. They kept refilling my water without me having to ask!And last but not least, we all walked out of there reeking of Thailand. Hair, clothes, purses, everything. And that's what you call a 5-star restaurant!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,6/6/2012,975,222,7,11,6>This is one of my favorite bars in Honolulu. I'd give it five stars if I could because how I love it so much, but I'm going to be realistic and point out their flaws too. About a year ago when I first started coming because of my friend (yes she's white but super cool and goes to HPU), it wasn't as crowded as it is now. And there used to be much more white people, NON military white people. Given that I'm a local, it took a couple visits getting used to it, because the first couple times a band played, and I'm all about mainstream music you can dance to... Now-a-days, it gets super packed. I like the mix... majority will be white, college students... but you will see locals (not the moked out ones though), people coming after work from the bars/clubs, military, and some older crowd... it's a good mix, very casual, beach wear... not so professional or glammed up. You can walk in sporting a bikini top with shorts most nights, because the atmosphere has a very beachy feel. I must say one thing though... my friends from UH and HPU LOVED this place and now call it their favorite location (you can guess they're white). My local guys friends loved it as well and want to go back. As far as my local chick friends... they absolutely did not like it and wanted to go to Senor frogs instead, where they seemed to have a better time. However, it was SUPER packed that day and took 30 minutes to get our drinks. -There is NO COVER. -I believe there's a $6 validation at the hotel there, otherwise it's Waikiki, find parking where you please.-The prices of the drinks are pretty cheap. However good luck trying to get one on the super busy nights... and yes the servers can get a lil rude. There's some seatings (couches on the right side when you get it) and there's tables and chairs on the left side... as well as a mini island in the middle with surrounding seats there and at the bar. Warning-it can get super crazy and hot, so be prepared to SWEAT. There is no air-conditioning. On SUPER crowded nights, you will just want to leave. But that's probably why you'll see a lot of people cruzing outside.  The people that go here are very welcoming. Everyone just seems to be in a feel good mood. Not stuck up or anything. The owner is a sweetheart and you will surely meet him if you go here enough times. The bathrooms are pretty cool, cute and not bad. AND FOR SOME ODD REASON, one of the reasons why some of my friends love going here is because this place MAGNETIZES hotties... men and women alike. There is not ONE time I haven't been here where I haven't seen a few "handsome" men. *and a note to guys.. my guy friends say they love going here because the girls aren't so stuck up and snobby... much easier to get a girl to dance with them here...and thinking about it, that's pretty true..BOTTOM LINE: Always a good time and my favorite place !
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,6/5/2012,213,426,5,7,6>Nice bit of old school Waikiki while the rest of Waikiki has been upgrading.  I've come here for breakfast on the weekends and it's always a great experience.  Usually pretty crowded, but they have a bar area as well if you don't mind not having a booth.  Most of their servers seem like they have been there forever but unlike many of the old school union hotel workers Wailana employees have great service and you feel the aloha.  They are open 24 hours and serve breakfast all day = WINNING!  Love the french toast with boysenberry syrup, no guava filling, as well as the ginormous belgian waffle with strawberries and whipped cream.  Hubby loves the french toast with the guava filling and the coconut syrup.  I am SUPER picky about my coffee and have been known to bring my own Starbucks into breakfast spots (always at Anna Millers, for one!) but the coffee here is great too---some sort of macadamia flavor to it.  Great breakfast spot to start a day of playing tourist (nowadays)  or end a night of Waikiki shenanigans (in my past life).
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,6/4/2012,196,187,5,10,9>Had a fantastic wine tasting yesterday with three friends because the owner, Greg, makes sure you do!!  A wine tasting for four here usually goes for $60 but because I got the Groupon back in January, it was just $20 for the four of us!  I have got to say though, even if I had to pay $15 per person for the wine tasting, I totally would have because of the incredible time I had.As soon as we entered the place, Greg greeted us and seated us at a table.  We had a reservation at 3 and were a few minutes early so while he was finishing helping a couple with their wine bottling, we set up our simple spread of cheese and crackers (their focus is on the wine so they don't prepare food).  Greg came back and handed each of us a wine evaluation chart that had a super useful wine description wheel in the back and an Oeno wine price guide.  He then proceeded to get a feel of our group's wine preference so he could decide on which wines to have us taste (what a nice touch!).  Out of the four of us, three of us are more white wine drinkers and we all prefer sweeter wines.Greg started us off with a light Pinot Grigio, then a Riesling, a  Gewurtztraminer next, and finally an Argentine Trio to round up our whites.  He showed us how to swirl the glass so we could experience the bouquet of the wine--in other words, the total aromatic experience of the wine and talked a little of what notes and finish we may experience from each wine as we tasted it.  The whites progressed from very light to extremely full-body, which was lovely.  After the whites, we asked Greg if it would be possible for us to try an ice wine since we've heard rave reviews about them before.  We were fully prepared for him to say no since ice wines are notoriously expensive but he checked the cellar and said he had one for us to try =D.  He said he would save it for the end of the tasting.Greg then had us move onto our reds.  We started with a light, nutty Pinot Noir.  We weren't a big fan of that one but our next Pinot Noir, which was from California, was better because it was less astringent.  We then got to try an Italian Valpolicella, which had a beautiful bouquet and a buttery, oak finish.  We finished our reds with a Blackberry Merlot, which was delicious and reminded us of cranberry juice xD.  Finally, it was time for the grand finish--the ice wine we've all been waiting for!  Greg couldn't let us taste the Riesling ice wine (we are all fans of Riesling) but he had a bottle of a discontinued ice wine that we could try.  He warned us that ice wines generally taste like liquid honey.  It indeed tasted like liquid honey...  On top of that, the wine had a prominent caramel note.  He came back and asked what we thought, and the general consensus was that it was too sweet for all of us xD.  He said some people cut ice wines with a little water and others add ice.  Next time I have an ice wine, I will do that!  We thought we were done but I guess Greg didn't want us to leave on a slightly disappointed note because he came out with one last wine for us to sample.  It was an Apple Port that wasn't on the menu and boy, was it good!!  If I were to do a wine bottling, that's the one I would choose!  My friends and I didn't decide to do a bottling this time but I would love to come back and do more wine tastings and maybe bottlings!!So yeah, you can tell I am in love with this place just a little.  Okay, a lot.  Greg is super knowledgeable about wines and is extremely generous with his customers.  Each Oeno wine tasting is supposed to consist of six to eight wines but he let us sample ten, and most of them were really fantastic!  If you are a wine fan and appreciate superb service (who doesn't, right?), this is your place!!!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,6/3/2012,252,339,,11,7>Insomnia is one of those neighborhood gems you probably aren't familiar with if you don't work in the area. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you open the door, you're greeted with big smiles and shouts of welcome (sincere ones, not "irasshaemase" kind from Kozo Sushi) from the owners, and the pleasantries keep coming throughout your dining experience.In addition to great coffee and bubble tea drinks, Insomnia serves up a variety of dishes, including Mongolian beef and sauteed chicken over rice (white or brown), two of my go-to plates. The Mongolian beef is tasty and served in generous portions. The chicken is sauteed in a blend of herbs that gives it a distinctively savory flavor without too much salt. If you're in the mood for something lighter, they also serve sandwiches, both on plain wheat bread and Vietnamese-style (with daikon and carrots) on baguettes. (The Vietnamese style is way better!)The owners of Insomnia are super nice and funny and make every effort to remember your name and inquire about how things are going with you. They also offer healthy extras like orange wedges, cherries or even sugar bananas to dine-in customers.Love this place!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,6/2/2012,123,165,,8,12>My coworkers and I had our hearts set on Your Kitchen which is next door but it was closed!  We were severely disappointed but it gave us a chance to try North Shore Grinds.  So here we go:Pros:-they accept credit cards -lots of fish choices (we all ordered something different... garlic ahi, salmon w/ papaya salsa, and furikake opakaopaka) all were good and I was very surprised how well everything was cooked.  My salmon came out perfect!  -they offer brown rice and tossed salad-food was cooked quickly-enough seating (about 5 tables of 4)-THEY CREATED THEIR OWN RECYCLING BINS FOR PLASTIC AND CANS!!!!  -each of our plates were a bit under $10 and totally worth it considering the quality and quantity of foodCons:-i can't really think of any. i'm definitely coming here again so i'll save this for a future update if anything ever comes up.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,6/1/2012,174,261,5,10,9>We did the Dining in the Dark here. They do it once a month - the first Monday of the month and I would recommend you make reservations for the dining in the dark (it may even be required!) Anyways - when we arrived for the Dining in the Dark they took us into a separate seating area, where all those who would be dark dining were going to be eating. At our table we had blindfolds (which you get to take home). To begin they told us to put our blindfolds on and that everything on our plate would be edible! Good to know! If we needed to leave the room for the restroom during dining, to raise our hand and they would escort us out - since you can't peak! The atmosphere of the dining in the dark was perfect - it was safe, laid back, fun, and everyone around was having an awesome time. The wait staff is super friendly, and joked around with us while we attempted our meals blindfolded - they did an excellent job making it even more fun! As for the food - amazing! They offered wine pairing with the meal also, and their selections were superb! The meal ended up being a five course meal with five different wines. They don't tell you what your eating until you are done with all the courses, and then they show you what your meal looked like and what ingredients were in it. I will say I didn't guess correctly too often! My husband on the other had did better with this guessing game. I wouldn't recommend it as a first date kind of thing, or if you are trying to get to know someone. Go with people you already know and trust, because at first it is odd talking to someone when you can't see them and they can't see you. And your likely to do something stupid.... Like knock your utensils to the floor, spill something, miss your mouth, etc. The dining in the dark is a bit pricey - especially if everyone does the wine pairing. However, it is worth it. It is quite an experience. If you are visiting Oahu - add this on to your list of things to do. If you live here, make sure you make it to Formaggio Grill to try it out. It is well worth it!All in all: So worth the money, fun, interesting, and just go do it - you won't regret it!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,5/31/2012,64,124,4,10,11>I was really hesitant to do a review of ChadLou's for a while, since I didn't want all you yelping yelpers to cramp my style at ChadLous, cause he's ma boy. But sharing is caring, right? And I care very much about this place--I have finally found my relaxing haven get away from all things work and school, even though I usually come here to do school work. First of all, what a cool concept for a coffee house. I thought I had it good when I found Morning Brew, but now that's left in the dust. You feel like you're in someone's living room. so many different seating arrangements: 2 comfy couches, 2 big tables with bar height chairs, wicker chairs, breakfast bar seating, outdoor bistro tables, and small cafe tables with good chairs to go with. What else is cool that no other coffee house in Kailua has?? A big tall bookshelf with an array of readings--recent magazines, books, childrens books, etc. There's also some cool houseware items in the center of the shop on the table and also on the shelf. There's this coffee body scrub that will probably win my wallet over one day there. Along with that there's frames, cool vintage looking glass cups, jewelry and other random things reasonably priced. The best part is that even when this place is crowded, its not crowded. Oh yeah, and they have coffee. I tried their lavender iced coffee...very good. I like most of their iced drinks, but have yet to try a hot coffee or tea since that really isn't my forte. I had the mango iced tea...but you could vaguely taste the mango. I'll probably try a different flavor next time to see if it was just that one. What I love, love, LOVE is that they put all their drinks in a mason jar. I don't know why but "thats hot" for some reason. If you want to win me over, bring me my beer in a mason jar, but make sure its a good one.  They have a big glass water container with stacked jars for self-service. They have build-your-own types of sandwiches. Simple yet good. Try their cookie ice cream sandwich. The cookie was just chewy enough so I can't really agree with others who were saying the cookie sandwich wasn't good. I guess food's food to my tastebuds. There's also other sweets like brownies, scones, etc. Note that there's a $5 minimum to put on your credit card. The staff is so so nice and friendly there. But probably my most favorite thing about this place is that the temperature and sound inside is perfect. Starbucks=way too cold, and too loud. Morning Brew=usually okay depending where you sit and music can sometime be louder than what you want. But Chadlous keeps their doors wide open so the breeze flows through making it feel so nice and airy. I think whoever is on shift puts their ipod on the speaker since sometimes its something like Ingrid Michaelson, Simon & Garfunkel and Jack Johnson, along with a few 40's songs which are surprisingly kind of good. Then another time it was goo goo dolls, smashing pumpkins and the likes. But its all played soft and gives a meditating and relaxation vibe, so you can focus on whatever you're doing or hear your conversation.  Free wifi and parking in the back. Entrance is to the right of the shop. If you're there around sunset, step out front and look to your left. The view is always amazing around that time. I think I have enough pictures of that sunset view on my phone to make one of those mini flip-books. The only thing that would need improvements are more outlets for laptop users and longer shop hours. But I guess it might be hard to put more outlets in since it may be a complicated process? So come see my man Chad, but don't overstay your welcome, aiight?  ;)
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,5/30/2012,658,339,11,17,13>Hi, my name is Karen, and I'm a chocoholic. With as much chocolate as I've eaten in my life, I have pretty high standards, and not just any old chocolate will do, like those nasty Palmer brand foil-covered mini Easter eggs (and don't even get me started on carob)...but I digress.Naturally, I was very interested when Madre Chocolate opened its new shop in Kailua. Its locally sourced "bean-to-bar" concept is terrific--you can get your chocolate fix and support local/fair-trade business at the same time! This is definitely not your run-of-the-mill candy store but rather an artisanal approach that marries ancient chocolate-making techniques (think Mayans and Aztecs) with modern ideas. It celebrates the origins of cacao in Mexico, Central, and South America, while showcasing ways to bring out the different flavors of various beans in creative ways. Madre Chocolate offers fresh, unusual flavors not usually found in chocolate bars, such as candied Hibiscus, popped amaranth, smoked sea salt, and pink peppercorn. They even have an unroasted (raw) chocolate. You can see all their flavors at madrechocolate.com/Flavo….The guys behind Madre (which means "mother" in Spanish) take chocolate a step further. In an effort to educate their customers, they posted a video to their web site about their product (madrechocolate.com/About…); they also offer chocolate-making classes. They are committed not only to fair trade but to ecology and continuous improvement.Madre Chocolate's Kailua store is located at 20-A Kainehe St. on the makai side of the street across from KFC. (Turn left at the first street once you cross the bridge entering Kailua Town.) The shop is open most Mondays, Wednesdays, & Fridays from 9-6pm; call to check hours first, 808-377-6440.Think you know chocolate? Think again...then check out Madre Chocolate!Yelp 365 Challenge #146/365
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,5/29/2012,1950,141,14,16,16>I looooove love love the pub!  The pub is my absolute favorite bar on the windward side. Kinda reminds me of a smaller version of Kelly O'neils.I love the atmosphere,music,bartenders, and the type of crowd that usually frequents this place. I've been coming here for years and it rarely disappoints. The owners are the same people that ran Tropics Bar in Kailua Town. They moved locations and changed the name.There's two parts to this place, the bar side and the restaurant side.The bar is not very big at all & the place is normally packed way beyond capacity. I actually saw the fire & safety capacity for this place & laughed.Maneuvering around in here on a weekend is not the easiest task. It's usually body to body, lucky if you can manage to get a seat let alone a table in here.People come here to chill and drink so if your looking for a place to dance, you wont find that here. It's a no frills pub with a good feel vibe.It's mostly frequented by military personnel but there are a handful of local regulars thrown in the mix. I'm not into the tita moke action kind of bars so this place suits me well. If you are not military friendly, I'd suggest you avoid this place because it's swarming with em lol.Met alot of really cool people here and some uber eccentric ones but it was always fun to wake up the next morning with a bunch of new facebook friends that you have no idea how you know them lol. Or running into guys you went to school with since kindergarten.Then they wanna chat it up or do sh!t like  play wicked game by Chris Isaak on the juke box in a bar packed full of manly men then do the ditcharoo lol who does that? Kailua ppl I swear are some weirdo's. Recently my friends have been coming here like 3-4 times a fricken week, how convenient just when i decided to cut back on my drinking expenditures (JERKS) but atleast they know they always have a DD to pick theyre drunk asses up. I miss drinking here :( but my bf did not appreciate it so much so I pretty much stopped going. (Boooooo) Now the only time I come here is during the day or evening for lunch or dinner :)    The Restaurant side is small but a little roomier than the bar side. All the years that I've coming to the pub I hadnt eaten there. The service was awesome, the waiters & servers are very polite and friendly & wait time for the food was not very long. The first time I dined here was about 2 months or so ago and I've been hooked ever since. The food is awesome! Like seriously good stuff. I could kick myself for waiting so long to try it. The food is simple but oh so good. The Fish and chips were the best that I have ever had. I wasnt expecting it to be as good as it was. It exceeded my expectations to the fullest. The portions were pretty big as I could not finish it and believe me ,I tried lol. The fish was cooked perfectly, not dry or too oily but just right & the fries were awesome as well. I've been back about a dozen times since and everything I had was good. They make killer nacho's that are fully loaded on freshly made tortilla chips, The burger's are huge and juicy, The grilled chicken sandwich was yummy, I think I've had all the salads that they serve and they were all delish & Omg the french Onion soup is super yummy! I never thought that food would be that good here but it so is people! If you haven't eaten here and you live in the area you definitely should give it a try, I'm sure you wont regret it :) I heart the Pub :)
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,5/28/2012,153,88,1,11,7>I know I must sound like a starving, food/restaurant-fiend, but AGAIN, this is a restaurant that I've been DYING to try.I know most people here were first familiarized with the fabulous flavors and creations of Chef Hanney through 12th ave grill prior to Salt, but for me it was the other way around.Salt, which was more recently opened, won my heart over at first sight, bite, and whatever else you can imagine. Therefore, 12th ave grill (being as close by as it is to Salt) was the next spot on my I-NEED-TO-EAT-THERE-OR-ELSE-I'LL-DIE-UNHAPPY list. INTERIOR:+dimly-lit with a romantic yet cozy ambiance+simple, chic, polished-wood detailing+chalk board menu with nightly specials adding to the homey/comforting-feelSERVICE:+ the hostess was friendly and lucky for us, there was an open table due to a canceled resesrvation+the waitress was attentive, knowledgeable, and very friendlyFOOD:+seafood fritto misto - think calamari and other fried seafoods with a light and creamy sauce on the side+ baked mac & cheese - this is a side order, but it's absolutely  decadent and could have easily been the perfect small meal, it's topped off with bread crumbs adding texture to the soft and tender pasta coated in a luscious white cheese sauce+gnuddi dumplings - comfort food meets high-end fare, with small dumplings served along-side tender, shredded pork and roasted grape tomatoes+ roasted pork shoulder (SPECIAL) - this was amazing. slow-roasted pork butt with the right amount of fat over a creamy, white cheddar polenta, olives, roasted tomatoes, onions, and overall goodness. This restaurant is so versatile that it's genuinely ideal for any situation (date, family dinner,  dinner with friends, etc)RESERVATIONS WOULD DEFINITELY BE A PLUS!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,5/27/2012,94,134,10,9,7>I was invited to go to a co-worker's house to learn how to cook Korean food.  She told us not to bring anything, but, as my other co-worker told me, social protocol dictates that you still bring a "hostess gift!"  I was like... WHAT'S A HOSTESS GIFT??  (WHAT IS TATERS??)  I began frantically searching Ala Moana but found no such thing.  Dejectedly, I began walking back to my car when I saw out of the corner of my eye, La Palme D'Or!  The heck if I can say the same properly out loud, but at least I can spell it!   La Palme D'Or has a huge assortment of desserts and confections that are one port art and one part food.  They're so fancy I can't even conceive of how they're made, but they're the perfect choice when you need a "hostess gift!"  I'm not sure if I'd fork up the money to treat myself, but definitely worth the price to hear all of the Ooohhhs and Ahhhhs that it's bound to receive!  The staff were exceptionally courteous, making recommendations and being patient with my indecision, and took a lot of care to package my treat in a way that was reminiscent of mounting an artistic masterpiece.I paid about $16 for a green tea roll cake.  In my opinion, the roll cake has a leg up on flowers for being edible.  But maybe that's just me.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,5/26/2012,67,183,3,6,7>For some people, chicken noodle soup is the cure-all for a cold.For me, it's a big steaming bowl of pho, #14 (steak with meatballs) to be exact.I came down with a cold earlier this week and ended up visiting Pho Bistro-2 two nights in a row. I've continually awarded this place a 5-star review and never imagined it could out-do itself, but if there were six stars, this place has easily earned it.To begin, the Energizer Bunny is much more mellowed out. They recently installed a new air conditioning unit (APPLAUSE!!), and it was entertaining to hear him brag about the improved BTUs. Definitely much cooler and comfortable inside.He also shared with us Pho Bistro 2's origin story (gather 'round, kids): Many years ago, Mom was partner with the owner of Pho Bistro in Waipahu. She'd always wanted a business of her own and made plans to open a second location. However, her partner was reluctant to give up the "secret recipe," even after it was bought and paid for to the tune of $10,000. Mom eventually obtained the recipe and after a few tweaks of her own, opened up Pho Bistro 2, a name she registered long ago and decided to keep.The American Dream is alive and well.On our second night, they rolled out the red carpet for us. We were running late and intended to take our order to-go as to not impose. We walked in five minutes before closing, and they insisted that we stay, "Mom wants to serve you." I've had many more places try to shove me out the door than invite me in at closing time. We had the same pleasant experience as always, and the food never disappoints.So in my world, six stars. Easily.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,5/25/2012,106,158,4,11,8>For a stylish haircut and cheap cheap prices, come to Island Style Cuts, located right across the street from kapahulu safeway is this little family owned shop. My haircut came out to $16.75, cheaper than supercuts. When reading the reviews on here, Two things caught my attention, cheap prices and the fact that they use scissors. I've been to places where they will just use a buzzer the entire 15-20 minutes. Just because i want it short and spiky, doesn't mean buzz it all off.. Put some style and work into it!! Getting a haircut once every 4-6 weeks really adds up!! I've been to a couple hair salons when I was younger for prom etc. and it was $50 a haircut! that's crazy for guys in my opinion!Here at Island Style Cuts, they take their time cutting your hair to your liking. They make small talk and they are nice people. I like that they have a small T.V. in their little shop. It makes the time go by much faster! On the day that I came they were watching "Repo Games" on Spike TV which is a funny and interesting show. There are a few times when I can just fall asleep in the chair while they work on my hair.. but i end up waking up because my head keeps falling down! HAHA!I've found a new place to get my hair styled at very reasonable prices and I highly recommend this place to all the guys that are tired of getting bad quality haircuts and paying too much. Ample parking located in the lot right behind Waiola Shave Ice. No reservations necessary although its probably better. Stylist Chris and Shirley are the only ones there so if they are with someone, you could be waiting a little.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,5/24/2012,230,154,6,18,7>Have you ever experienced one of those moments, where you're near the point of starvation & can't decide what you want to eat? That's exactly how I felt yesterday + the humidity in Chinatown made it impossible for me to concentrate on anything but a gigantic slurpee. That's why I wanna give a super shout-out to Nicole Franco of Mish Mash (@MishMashShop) for suggesting le boyfriend & I eat at Bruno's Forno, for a delicious Italian lunch in Chinatown!Lately, I've been experiencing my own "Eat, Pray, Love" moments & after dining at Bruno's Forno, I realized my life is moving in the right direction & I'm exactly where I need to be. It might seem strange this was the conclusion I reached after taking my first bite of Lasagna Bolognese; food is more than nourishment for our bodies, food has the ability to turn a meal into an experience.Whether you're sinking your teeth into a Portobello & tomato panini (le boyfriend said it was the BEST Portobello & tomato panini he's ever had!) or enjoying one of their tasty lasagna lunch specials, you'll taste love in every bite. Bruno's Forno Italian food is made with passion & their homemade bread is a little slice of heaven (I'm the type of person that eats all of the bread provided in bread baskets :) I'm really grateful to learn about this hidden Italian gem, located next to Maunakea Market Place & can't wait to sink my teeth into another amazing dish.If you're in the mood for amazing Italian food at a reasonable price, make sure you check out Bruno's Forno; I can't guarantee you'll walk away with an "Eat, Pray, Love" moment but you'll leave full & satisfied.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,5/23/2012,347,265,6,7,9>Wowza this place is incredible! This ain't your normal boutique store it is a super boutique! Never heard of a super boutique but there you go I just said/wrote it :) I have never heard of this store until Play Hawaii had a voucher so it was the perfect opportunity to try this store out. Philanthropy is sure a tongue tied word to say so they only have a sign outside: Madison & Company. As my bf and I walked in we were both shocked on how beautiful this place was, the place was decor gorgeously and the setup was so unique. This place had a snack area filled with drinks, sweet desserts and coffee. Can you imagine making your bf so happy with those while you walk around the store? Yeah I was pretty impressed with the arrangements and the worker let us know to help ourselves and she was really friendly. The store also has a full size bathroom with a shower! I don't know why they have a shower in there but the bathroom is so convenient  if you need to take a potty break! Not only do they sell clothes, bags, belts, accessories, they have tons of cute little gadgets, books, planners & etc. If you know of the store RedPinapple, its sort of like that, they sell lots of small gift items to complete your gift purchasing! I bought my sister a gift a nice loose dressy shirt and a bag for $72 - $50 voucher= out of pocket $12! Woot-Woot savings savings savings! This store carries dresses, blazers, blouses and dressy pants. They however don't sell denim shorts or jeans (didn't see any while I was there). This place is awesome already but I do hope that they have a little more clothing to choose from and I didn't like how they package your purchases. They use plastic bags, I know I may be a snob but it just doesn't complete the whole boutique experience. They wrap your items in tissue paper but put it in a plastic bag? That is a boutique NO-NO! I am hoping that they just ran out of paper-bags but we will see when I visit next time. #Yelp 365 Challenge: 006/365
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2012,5/22/2012,233,120,10,10,8>WHAT TO ORDER: Red Velvet Belgian Waffles (Dessert), K-Pop Mojito (contains alcohol)WHERE TO SIT: Request the second floor. It's quieter and cooler.PLUS for you ladies/gays: The host is super cute!I missed the boat! I finally finally finally got to try this place, and they apparently got rid of the self-serve yogurt machines. Nooooooooooo!!!Yogur Story to me feels like an overpriced cafe. They serve breakfast all day, and have a wide range of coffee drinks. Yawn. I could go to Zippy's for all that and for half the price. The food is mediocre, but the desserts are scrumptious!Service at Yogur Story is pretty good. I've worked at a restaurant before, and I know good service when I see it. I felt neither rushed nor ignored, and my water glass was never empty.FINAL RECOMMENDATION: My advice is to check it out, but for dessert only. Eat dinner elsewhere.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,5/21/2012,209,95,7,12,11>Andy's has THE BEST tastes-like-mom-made sandwiches you can buy in Hawai'i or quite possibly anywhere.  (I don't like to brag, but my mom being the devoted Army-wife commissary shopping lady she is makes the best hoagies; I digress, Andy's doesn't serve hoagies)Ask for the "Ahi Deluxe" (Ahi, Avo, Tom, Chs): smoked ahi spread, avocado, tomato and cheese! Loaded with lettuce, carrots and sprouts.  You could opt for the Ahi Melt -- same as the Ahi Deluxe but with melted cheese, mushrooms and papaya seed dressing on the side.There's something magical in the smoked ahi spread.  Perhaps it's been smoked in something other than Kiawe chips.  Nancy Botwin is dat chu!? jokes brah.Andy's is consistent, fast and timeless!  This place will be around forever so I'm sure there will be enough smoked ahi spread to go around.Quick tips for 1st-timers:- park in the Manoa Market place parking lot across the street from Andy's- walk in with a smile and straight up to the sandwich bar- order from the friendly aunties and they'll give you a slip with the price- take slip back to the pastry case near the entrance and pay- wait patiently (it gets super busy during lunch and Sunday breakfast times) and then snatch your sandwich and shove it down your throat like a fat kidCLOSED SATURDAYS!!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,5/20/2012,442,466,31,34,28>GARLIC CHICKEN. I am a recovering garlic chicken addict. Sometimes it is disguised as "Korean chicken" (Cooke St. Diner), "Tasty chicken" (Aiea Bowl), "Yum Yum chicken" (HK Restaurant), Spicy chicken (Gulick) and other similar names, but you can't fool me. Order the garlic chicken from here.This review is about the GARLIC CHICKEN at Fort St. Cafe. I am a huge fan of the crispy outside, juicy inside, with just the right amount of spicy/sweet sauce drizzled all over the chicken without making it soggy dish they seem to have perfected at this little hole in the wall in Fort Street Mall. Order the garlic chicken from here.(To other garlic chicken addicts: I will order it anywhere, anytime, and anyplace if it's on the menu. I've illegally parked (Mitsuken), double parked (Home Bar), paid to park (Kaimuki Grill), walked (Yama's), ran in with car still running (Cooke St. Diner), eaten it in the car while still in the parking lot (Pancake&Waffles), stolen someone else's parking space (Sugoi), and even made my kids wait for me while I got my fix (Koi catering). You get the idea.) Order the garlic chicken from here. So when I hear about this Vietnamese/Thai place in Fort Street Mall having awesome garlic chicken, it was time for another little quiet reconnaissance mission. I don't work in downtown, so I didn't even know how I was going to find this place since I'd never been to Fort Street Mall. Little did I know everybody in downtown goes here for lunch too. Order the garlic chicken from here. I parked in the Chinatown Municipal lot. I walked aimlessly towards Ross Dress For Less and crossed the street into the most awesome pedestrian only restaurant mecca. Wow. I bumped into my sister in the "mall" and when we got to Fort St. Cafe, the workers were wearing shirts that said "Home of the Best Garlic Chicken". So you should probably order the garlic chicken from here. We ordered the same dish, Pad Thai w/garlic chicken.  While I was snapping my pictures, I heard someone behind me say "Lori!". Yikes, I got caught!  It was fellow yelper Theresa S., ordering her bowl of pho, because she is one of those pho-natics...but she ordered it without noodles. It looked delicious, (but next time you must order the garlic chicken!):yelp.com/biz_photos/sSnF…PAD THAI WITH GARLIC CHICKEN $5.95:yelp.com/biz_photos/sSnF…Pad Thai, not bad, but I've had better. Garlic chicken=AWESOME. It was nice and crispy, not too much batter, not drenched in sauce, just perfectly cooked and seasoned. Quite possibly my absolute favorite garlic chicken. After we each finished our plates, we decided to order yet another dish because we are piggies like that:GARLIC CHICKEN WITH CHICKEN PANANG CURRY $7.95:yelp.com/biz_photos/sSnF…Combining my two favorite types of cuisine, Thai food & Garlic chicken (cuz yes, garlic chicken is a type of cuisine), was like little exclamation points in my mouth!  Yummmmmmmmm. Oh I'll be back for sure again soon. To order the garlic chicken from here.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,5/19/2012,41,65,5,10,7>LOVING PARKOUR even more everyday and looking forward to the women's class every Wednesday! Also known as FREERUNNING, It is a noncompetitive sport with the goal of overcoming obstacles (such as walls, rails and posts) in a fluid and afficient manner. It is LOTS OF FUN, a GOOD WORKOUT and you learn some NINJA stealth skills along the way.Classes are Mondays to Thursdays at 6 to 8 PM at Ala Moana Beach Park. It is a group class, but somehow Ozzi, Leanne (for parkour women's class) and the coaches are great at making sure that you can work on acquiring a new skill at your own level and pace. They are awesome at changing it up every class so it isn't monotonous or boring and there is always something new and interesting at every session. Of course, you'll need to work hard during strength and conditioning drills but you will feel like BEAST after you just realize you just did something you never thought you'd be able to do.There are COMMUNITY JAMS every weekend, which are FREE if you want to see and get a glimpse of what parkour is like. There is a growing Parkour community out here in Honolulu and most of the people who show up just want to play, share and learn some Parkour moves during the day time. People always help each other out with learning some new stuff and it is a good way to get out of the lazy mode on weekends. And, there's also a FACEBOOK page where people talk Parkour and share youtube videos to keep the interest and motivation going, especially when those calves and arms are sore and hurting LOL.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,5/18/2012,184,127,10,13,12>I just came back from, locally owned, Cafenity's grand opening celebration where they had samples of coffee, tea, scones, salad, paninis, and cookies that they will be offering starting Monday, Feb 13. I had a soy latte handcrafted by Kristie, the owner, and I must say it was creamy and tasty!  I have never enjoyed Kona Coffee as much as I have here. As for food, the paninis and caesar salad are flavorful. I have yet to try the sweets. I wish my sweet tooth was kicking in today! My bf also enjoyed his vanilla latte and scones (and he's not usually a fan of scones, so that's saying something!).For you tea drinkers, they offer a variety of loose leaf teas (including peach and strawberry which smell heavenly!) and I noticed on the menu that there's Japanese matcha, so I'll definitely be back for a soy matcha latte!They also have the Cafenity Tumbler--a smart double-walled glass travel tumblers that are for hot or cold coffee and tea. These are great because you don't have to worry about BPA in plastic, you're doing the environment some good, and for UNLIMITED $1 Regular 16 oz. coffee refills or $1 off any specialty drink. This is by far the best deal I've come across at all the coffee shops downtown!Cafenity is on the ground floor of Topa replacing the previous coffee shop that was there next to the jewelry store and across from the florist. And they're open on Saturdays, so if you're working weekends or working out downtown and need refreshing beverage or a bite to eat, this is one of the few places that will be open! Closed on Sundays.I can't wait to come back Cafenity on Monday for my caffeine fix! (I hear there's a cute male barista who will be working on that day...)
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,5/17/2012,136,217,5,19,13>Only thing you need to know: they have a daily special that is $9.50!!... not sure how long this will last, but yesterday, it was a generous helping of ahi on sushi-rice donburi, miso soup and tsukemono... oh and free green tea.On to the review:Stopped in on opening day Feb. 18th and I'm very excited about this little gem.Although it's not quite the same as a traditional sushi bar, the quality of the seafood and chefs is top notch.  It's a little out of place, but the sequestered corner on the top floor of Shirokiya next to Macy's is relatively quiet compared to the beer garden and yataimura.They're in the process of getting a liquor license, but as of now, if you want a beer/sake with your sushi, you'll have to take your tray over to the cage (which they allow).Although on the higher end for Shirokiya, the prices are rather reasonable for the quality of fish (especially that daily special).  The selection is a little limited, but they are brilliant in the basics.  As the name may imply, their specialty is in Maguro/ahi/tuna and I was greeted by a fresh Ahi (head and all) in the display fridge by the register.They had actual dishes presented by the entrance to give you an idea of what you're ordering and the menu is simplified with numbers and photos... I'll post a photo of the menu.GF and I settled on the uni-donburi, ikura donburi set and the nigiri sushi set.  $38 after tax for pretty decent sushi.The uni was from Hokkaido, smaller than the California uni and comparatively mild in flavor, but creamier.  The ikura I think was bathed in a sake-shoyu, but I may be mistaken.  GF mixed in the shoyu and wasabi, so it was kind of washed.  The donburi portions were similar to the display and they are served on a bed of sushi-rice (a little bit dryer than sticky rice and mixed in with vinegar right after cooking).  The rice often is a reflection of the chef and it was fantastic on this night.The sushi set was a mixed batch. 2 pieces of maguro, salmon, snapper, shrimp, ika, and yasai (greens), as well as 2 pieces each of maguro and cucumber handrolls.  The maguro, salmon and snapper were great, I did not try the ika since GF ate.  The shrimp is the boiled kind, so nothing special there.  The presentation was immaculate and the cuts were done very well, all one-bite sushi as it's supposed to be.There's a chef's omakase for $25 which has I think 11 or 12 nigiri and the menu says you can order nigiri and sashimi as you'd like.  Not sure if they'll run a tab for you, but it is available.The maguro is fresh caught and the abalone (which I did not have) was from Kona and still alive in the tanks.The miso soup was pretty standard, a bit on the salty side for my palette which will be fine as soon as they start serving beer.The staff were all Japanese and the service was impeccable.  We'll see if they lose steam, but I was impressed at how smooth the operation was for the first day of business.Complimentary green tea and most of the offerings come with the pickled daikon and hakusai (tsukemono) and miso soup.They open at 10:00am and close I think with everybody else which changes based on the day.Worth checking out, I've found my new sushi fix for when I don't want to break the bank.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,5/16/2012,173,191,37,61,38>I love you, Laka Spa.  And I just want you to know that I have never said that about any other spa.  I first heard of this place because I bought a PlayHawaii (now CrowdSavings) voucher.  Their reviews were good so I decided to check it out.  I don't even know where to begin my review because I just love everything about them.  With that said, let me try to break it down:1.  Customer Service - Excellent!  It's bad of me to say but most times, when I go in with a Groupon type of voucher, I kind of expect minimal service because I think most establishments lose the point of the program.  I think they tend to forget that they're participating in it as a form of advertising, not to try and accumulate a plethora of cheap bastards.  I felt like I was really treated like royalty at Laka Spa.  From the person who answered my call for a reservation to the person who checked me out and everyone in between...they all gave me purely awesome service!2.  The Treatment - This was not your ordinary facial.  Every other facial place I've been to pretty much does the same thing.  Cleanse, use a scrubby brush, exfoliate, extract and moisturize.  Here, my therapist (Tomomi), started with a nice shoulder and neck massage.  Sweet!  I also can't name exactly everything that was done because I was too busy enjoying the treatment but this place is how I would've imagined a facial to be, before I started going to any.  It was truly a face massage.  She did the other things too, like cleanse and moisturize, but I liked how she really worked the muscles on my face.  When I was done, I felt like my skin was glowing like it never had before!3.  Ambiance - It's a really relaxing feel inside the spa.  There are a lot of treatment rooms and there's a private area to change in to with lockers.  It's not a "dump and run" kind of place - one where you get placed in a room and are told to undress and before they come back in and work on you.  It really is a true spa experience and I hope to come back and spend a lot more time here rather than receiving just one treatment.4.  Convenience - Sundays are my fun days.  Unfortunately, they are fun days for other people as well so there aren't too many places that are open for me to frequent because they're typically closed.  Located across from Sports Authority, it was really easy to find.  They have marked stalls so there's no need to pay for parking.  Once you get there, you walk through the gated area and it's located upstairs in the corner.All in all, I totally loved this place and I am going to be bold enough to say that the facial I received was the best facial I ever had in my life.  I'm so glad that PlayHawaii introduced us.  I'm definitely going to be a loyal client of theirs from now on.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,5/15/2012,212,76,5,8,8>Bangkok ChefEvery chance I get... I go there for THE BEST Vietnamese curry! Forget the Pad Thai! Don't care for it! #6 with chicken is where it's at! Its so GOOD! Okay so first time I heard about this place was from a former co-worker, she use to rave about this place all the freakenn time.  I thought it was some raunchy cheap eatery.  Totally wrong! First visit was with my friend who I might say is a regular there but apparently didn't tell me he was?! Beats me... well, I got some eggplant curry something... it was not good.  Totally not for me. My friend ordered the #6 with tofu.  He let me try some.... And that was it! I was HOOKED! From then on it was my regular dish.Sorry for talking bad about the Pad Thai, it appears that it's the best dish there.  Tried it before and I don't like sweet noodles. It just doesn't taste right.  Okay so back to the curry, I have a Vietnamese friend who said the main ingredient in the #6 curry was coconut milk and curry spice. I didn't noticed it until she told me. No wonder why I could taste a hint of coconut in it! I usually visit the Manoa location often. Heard that opened another one on Nimitz and the original was near Pali. I like it because of the speedy service, nice workers, and I guess healthy dishes. The reason why I refer to the curry dish as #6 is because I don't actually know the real name. Lol. I'll end it on that note.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,5/14/2012,843,141,7,11,8>The best thing about Hy's may also be a downfall:  Hy's has remained an island classic for decades.  That said, everything else (including the decor, menu options, etc.) however, has never changed as well.  Some may call it "old school"... But I know that it is just old.  Reservation was made for a Friday evening.  Only option for parking is the $5 valet.  We were on time for our reservation, and the hostess quickly seated us in the Green room in close vicinity to the doors to the kitchen.  Boo.Our server was polite, and the food was great.  -Complimentary cheesy bread (note: only the first basket is free).  -I had the fliet & lobster.  The interesting part about our lobster was that the waiter brought it out on the station which he set up at our table... We assumed he would expertly remove it from the shell, however it just slipped right out (pre-removed).  He didn't look so expertly after that.-They offer complimentary dessert & photo for special occasions. The dessert was cheesecake, but we still opted for the flambé show.-If you are a undercover borderline pyro, you should definitely order one of the flambé dessert items.  We chose the bananas foster, which was quite delicious!  Taking careful note, you just might be able to figure out what simple ingredients are involved, but caution: do not try at home unless attended by a professional.  It can get pretty dangerous with the big flames.  Trust me.Overall, Hy's is A-OK in my book.  Nothing out of the ordinary, considering the new kids on the block have started to steal the show (dk, Wolfgang's, BLT).  An island classic, great if you want to be taken back on a good old fashion fine dining experience.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,5/13/2012,416,84,11,21,15>We are slaves to our technology.And I'm no exception.Weeks ago my life came to a halt.  My computer broke.No music downloading, no online shopping, no facebook stalking.  It was awful.A friend's quick fix and an oven baked motherboard later it was up and running like usual.  Yay!  Two weeks later, broken again.  Nooooo.....!I decided to get a professional opinion and took my computer to Soho Computer Repair.  The gentleman that I spoke to was friendly and approachable.  He didn't talk down to me like I had experienced with other IT geeks.  The moment I pulled out my laptop and he saw what make/model I had, he immediately knew what was wrong with my computer.  He let me explain what happened and what I had done to try to fix it and then gave me his professional opinion on whether he thought it was worth fixing or not.  It was not.  He did go over my options if I wanted to attempt the fix, but also warned me that I would probably be paying to fix a problem that would keep re-occurring and that my computer was pretty old as it is.  The honesty, although disheartening, was appreciated.  And even more so was the fact that I wasn't being conned to pay for unnecessary services.  He was even kind enough to go over a few laptops that I was considering as replacements and gave me his opinion on which he thought were good buys.  I did not walk out of Soho Computer Repair with a fixed laptop.I did however, walk out knowing exactly where I would take my future computers to be should my life ever come to a halt again.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,5/12/2012,297,159,10,11,9>Eat The Street Is Like An Orgy   I remember my first Eat The Street like it was yesterday. My Second one was pretty much yesterday, but both are still fresh in my mind and stomach. Going into this event on Friday I felt a little more seasoned and prepared for what was coming. You see the first time I came here I was a little overwhelmed, antsy, lost, and I had ADD looking at all the trucks. I didn't know what to choose because there was so much to eat and I didn't want to seem greedy. Sadly, I left wanting more.  This is not the case anymore people. I decided this time I will be a greedy beeatch! I rushed that event almost like you would an orgy (I have not been in one just so you know. lol). I was in and out of each food truck like a ninja! This time I was prepared! I came early to walk around just to see what looked good and I was going to hit it and hit it I did! ;D Needless to say this time I left very Satisfied. This is a list of what I got (Don't judge me! Hahaha!):  *Street Frites - Bacon and Pineapple Volcano dipping sauces. You get two sauces with your order of fries "frites". It was okay. Maybe I just got the wrong sauces, but the lady said those were popular.  *Paul's Poppers- I loved the Chocolate Popper! We also got the spinach and artichoke and cheese. Those were good too, but the chocolate was Bananas!  *Sweet Addiction- Banana Foster Pie and Chocolate Haupia. They were awwwsome! But Thomas O. made me want the Pot pies in his review!!! Next time!***I think right now I was on the cusp of Fatty status*** But I am still going!!!!      *Inferno's Pizza- Supreme pizza! I am happy because this was one of my Yelp Bookmarks! So I checked that off! Delicious. I liked the charred flavor from the oven!   *Simply Ono- Fried Spam Musubi and Fried Chicken (I think this was where I got it). The fried spam musubi was better than the one I got from Da Kitchen! But I was a real fan of the Fried Chicken!!! How they get it so crispy and juicy???   *Ono Pops- (I had 2 pops!) Surinam Cherry and Clove. This was so unique and refreshing! I also had Chinese 5 spice and Chocolate too. I love anything chocolate!   *Xtreme Tacos-The taco sampler with pork, shrimp, carne asada, chicken, and falafal. To be honest I could have passed on this one. They were not very flavorful.   *Soul- Sweet Tea. This was because it was insanely hot at 4pm. It was a little too sweet for me after drinking half of it, but sweet is in the name. So, I can't blame them for it.   *The Yelp Tent!- I got to see Thomas O. for the first time! LOL. Awesome!***I have reached True Elite Fatty Status, but at least I didn't leave wanting more! ;D***
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,5/11/2012,257,112,3,22,10>PERFECT JEANS: After eye-ing out a pair of designer jeans at Macy's for about a month, I was so surprised to see them on sale at Nordstrom's latest Anniversary sale.  I wear a petite fit, and they normally only carry a limited amount, which tends to sell out fast...but I'm so glad I didn't drop the cash at Macy's because I got them at almost 50 percent off at Nords!  NOT PETITE: The frustration I have is with high end designer labels and jeans.  I don't normally buy expensive jeans and I don't know why they even bother calling it petite, when they really just mean skinnier.  When I took it to Linh (thank you Yelpers for answering my plea for a good seamstress on the talk threads), the inseam measured about 32 inches.  I'm sorry, BUT TRUE PETITE PEOPLE DO NOT HAVE A 32 inch INSEAM.  I know I don't fall into the standard mainland sizing, which averages a petite person to be about 5 foot 3...but still, at 5 feet...I had to chop off about 4 inches.  And these had a flare bottom, so I could kiss most of that goodbye. :( ORIGINAL HEM: But I had faith that Linh could help me.  Some seamstresses don't even bother to ask if you want to keep the original hem.  I haven't touched a sewing machine since 8th grade home economics, so I can't even begin to explain what kind of unicorn magic she uses to make the hem so perfectly hidden.  She was able to keep the original bottom of the hem, and enough of the flare so it still looks like the jeans I purchased.  Yay!  PARKING:  I'm not sure where else you can park, except for on the street...but as soon as I took the right from Kinau onto Keeaumoku I turned into Chevron and parked in one of the stalls marked for the pho place.  I was only in Linh's for about 5-10 mins...and it was a weekend afternoon so most of the stalls were empty.  Not sure if they mind...but oh well...I was in and out in a flash.TURNAROUND AND PRICE: Took them in on Saturday and she had them ready by Wednesday.  Total cost was $15.60.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,5/10/2012,101,91,10,12,14>Town is an early riser.  It's open when I am at 6:30 AM (M-Sat).  I've had lunch here maybe twice but it's their illy coffee and flakiest scones ever that make them an ideal place to wake up to. There's nothing better than a cup of dark rich brew that even a half-n-half addict like myself can drink it straight without any bitter remorse.  I've even had a few decafs while pregnant and both baby and I would do the illy dance, a bopping start to our day.Planning that drive to the North Shore or to Waikele or to Lanikai?  Stop and grab some illies on your way out of Town along with a scone or two. You'll be geared up for an action packed day. Snoozers need not apply.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,5/9/2012,77,74,8,11,12>Oh how I have missed this place.  It's sad that I just finished up my last day working downtown, and I've only gone to this place once.Parked at Ali'i place since my job is directly across, but I had some time to kill, so I walked a block down to a small strip of shops down on Merchant street.  If you're looking for Good & Healthy, look for the sign that looks different the rest of the shops, can't miss it.I went in around 1:30, so the lunch rush hour is pretty much over.  Most stores are closed around this time.  Fortunately Good & Healthy doesn't close until 2:30, and even though lunch is over, they still customers coming and going.  Must be good right? Right.I always get my usual, gyro sandwich.  Pieces of lamb, lettuce, tomato, and a dressing (I believe the base is greek yogurt, but I wouldn't put too much emphasis on my word.)  The pita is always toasted just right, the lamb is flavorful, and I love the dressing, a bit tangy.  They put LOADS of lettuce, so I always end up throwing some out.  I was also able to try the couscous.  The owner (the son) was nice enough to give me a free plate.  Probably one of the reasons why I keep coming back, they have such great customer service.  Always having a smile on their face, and such a great attitude.  Now, the couscous.  I liked it.  It was interesting.  Definitely something I've never had before.   It was somewhat like a salsa, with tomatoes, peas, carrots.  If I wasn't in such a rush, I would have gotten some to go.I can't imagine a better place for a gyro.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,5/8/2012,236,72,15,11,14>Pop quiz, hotshot!It's DUI checkpoint late...your spinning ceiling drunk...and your stomach's roaring like a Boeing 777 at low altitude...What do you do? Wait in line at Jack in the Box for 99 cent heart attacks with a side of cholesterol sauce?  Act like the Zippy's plate you've had 40 times before tastes different on this special night?  Do your heart and taste buds a favor, they deserve better than mediocrity!Head to Millions where the semi-late night (before midnight) drunken crowd gathers to feast on savory Korean dishes like Bi Bim Bap, Miso Butterfish and Sundubu Jjigae.  You can even get your Yakiniku on if you have enough bankroll leftover...which I never do.  Just be sure to get there before you reach pass-out status yelp.com/biz_photos/HSSe… !!    Upon arrival the staff will sing to you like Beauty and Beasts "Be Our Guest" and serve you a bounty of delicious banchan while massaging your sore-from-dancing feet.  OK, they wont sing to you or massage your feet like royalty, but with 8+ free side dishes to munch on before you get your entree, you'll feel like the King of 626 Sheriden Street.I've been going to Millions from when they used to serve beer in Hawaiian Sun juice cans (because they couldn't serve alcohol passed 2 am) and their food has remained consistently good.  The Bi Bim Bap is still my favorite, though I do try to spice things up and try new dishes whenever I need to get sober on the quick and cheap.  Their hours have changed (close at midnight), but so have mine...11:30 pm is the new 2:30 am for me, and I couldn't be happier!  I still have a late night friend that feeds me, sings me Disney music and rubs my feet before sending me off on my safe voyage home!  Thank the DUI Gods for Millions....#Yelp 365 - 018/365
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,5/7/2012,230,197,4,13,7>Too bad there are only 6 reviews counting mine for Double D because there are 29 more reviews (including mine, average 4 stars) before they found a permanent location.  It's a shame because the food is the same.  And by "same", I mean AWESOME.  Downtown Doner is one of my three go-to downtown places for my workweek lunches.  The other two are Carrot Patch for sandwiches (Topa Financial) and Ahi & Vegetable on Fort Street Mall for their spicy ahi/ahi/salmon bowls.     I always get the chicken regular wrap on a 12" wheat tortilla (you can get flour too) with hummus (you can also get feta or both), yogurt and hot sauce.  You have a choice of chicken or beef (or both) sliced from the "doners", the handmade shwarma looking thing.  It's $6.75 and they load up fresh veggies with it too.  This is good, honest, healthy and delectable food.  Thank goodness they did not close down as they were looking for a spot at Fort Street Mall.  Please go and try this.  I want them to be a mainstay for many years (until I retire, LOL, or stop working in downtown).  They take credit card now so you have no excuse.  [Make sure to check out my April 2012 update.]
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,5/6/2012,237,127,4,11,7>Salt is a great addition to the Hawaii dining scene with their concept of tapas or small plates.  For me the beauty of tapas is that you can try a whole bunch of dishes and combine them to make a full meal.  I love new experiences and the whole vibe & decor at Salt is something that I might expect to find at a trendy bar in NYC, LA, or SF.  How much do I like Salt? I have been here twice in one week already!  On my first visit, I sat at the bar and chatted up the bartender, Roxanne for some of her recommendations. On my second visit last night which I will never forget, I almost ran into Grace Park from Hawaii 5-0 literally! After we were seated, my friend got a kick out of pointing this out to me. As far as the food goes, I just went crazy and ordered a whole bunch of bites to munch on. Here is rundown of all the food that I ate on my 2 visits.Roast Beets with Arugula, Goat Cheese, & Pistachios- I love beets and also figured that this would probably be the only vegetables I would be eating so I thought why not give this dish a try.  While the roast beets were slightly sweet and went quite well with the goat cheese & slightly peppery arugula, I thought that this was just okay & was not that impressed.Grilled Shinsato Pork Stuffed Calamari- Try say this 10 times fast!  This unique twist on surf'n'turf with pork and calamari was an interesting combination to say the least.  The ground pork stuffed in the grilled calamari was actually cooked perfectly, but I would have preferred another sauce instead of the smoked tomato creme fraiche.Maui Cattle Company Burger with Taleggio & Guanciale- A great burger was probably the last thing that I was expecting to find at Salt.  The Maui Cattle Company beef used in this burger was so juicy and was better than most of those found at other Honolulu burger joints. What made this burger even more tasty was the addition of guanciale. What is guanciale? Guanciale is Italian bacon that is prepared from the pig's jowl or cheek and is melt in your mouth delicious.  Fried Egg with Calabrian Chili Aioli & Frisee-  Such a simple dish, but when done right like at Salt so good!  Deep fried with a light bread crumb coating, this was something that I would definitely order again.Portuguese Clams with Chorizo- Other than the burger, this is one of the dishes that must be ordered at Salt.  The aromatic broth of this clam dish with leeks and cava (Spanish champagne) was just perfect!  The house made chorizo went so well with the clams and for me was even tastier than the house made sausage that I had in my mixed grill sandwich.  Mixed Grill Sandwich with Pork Steak, Liver, & House Made Sausage-  This is really not a sandwich but more like a mixed grill platter with toasted bread and assorted morsels of meat with ale mustard smeared on the bottom of the plate.  Suprisingly the liver was my favorite part of this "sandwich."  I thought that the pork steak and house made sausage were both really dry.  This was probably one of my least favorite dishes and looked better than ii actually was. French Toast with Tarragon Creme Anglaise & Kula Strawberries- Boy am I glad that I saved room for dessert!  This french toast bread pudding had a custard-like consistency and was probably the best bread pudding that I have had in Hawaii.  The creme anglaise sauce added yet another layer of creamy custard goodness to this dessert!  This was hands down one of the better desserts that I have had at any restaurant in Hawaii recently.All in all, I am a fan of Salt and will be definitely be back.  I could easily see myself coming here to satisfy a late night burger fix as they are open until 1 A.M. everyday or also come here for pau hana with friends sampling their assortment of tasty bites.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,5/5/2012,440,533,5,15,16>I was so excited when I looked on Yelp and saw that there was a new udon restaurant, I drove there as soon as I could. I arrived at 2pm, right before the 2:30 closing and I was the only one in the place. Feeling guilty for keeping them late, I quickly ordered the combo with zaru udon, mixed tempura, rice and takuan for $14.90; I was hungry and it was the largest-sounding item on the menu.The portions are very small, especially the udon portion. What a tiny serving of noodles! Since udon is the main feature, I was hoping for a decent portion. The tempura came with a big slice of pumpkin, 1 shrimp, and 1 small piece of asparagus, green bean and carrot. There was also a bowl of rice and 3 tiny slices of yellow radish takuan.The food was enough to whet my appetite but not satisfy it. Seriously. I was medium-hungry when I walked in, but I walked out ravenous because I'd had just a taste of udon and wanted more. Next time I will ask if I can order a large portion of udon for an extra charge. As for quality, the udon was good but not great. But I am a total udon fanatic and am really picky about it. So for most people, I'm sure the udon will be fantastic. I just think it could be more al dente. I've had better textured sanuki udon. The shrimp tempura was good but the batter was slightly thick. The tempura at Inaba is lighter and better.My server was very sweet and attentive. She brought me a lot of extra green onions when I asked for it and kept refiling my water. I hope this place does well. The prices are reasonable--not as cheap as Marukame, but way cheaper than Jimbo. At this point, I prefer Jimbo for their variety and quality of udon, but Tsuku Tsuku is a good alternative.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,5/4/2012,144,174,16,17,14>There's no real secret that I'm a carnivore so this place really fits right in my wheel house.  I used to go to Camelia a lot but I really prefer to hit up Sikdorak now.  I just think the meat quality is better and it's also less expensive.  True, Camelia has more side dish options but I'm really there for the meat so that doesn't matter to me.  Although Sikdorak's banchan choices are fewer, the ones they have are good.I've tried all of the meat options but my favorite things to get are the Spicy pork, Bulgogi, BBQ chicken, Kalbi, and the Ribeye. All of them are great.  Like others have pointed out, the ventilation system there is pretty much non-existent so you'll be leaving there smelling like bbq'd food.  In fact, I'm always the designated cook and the hand that I use to turn the meat smells like food for a couple of days. * A note for you folks that like spicy food*Ask them for their special hot sauce!The owner makes it special for the spicy food lovers and that ish is wicked hot.  He says he makes it from 7 different chiles (one of which is the insane ghost pepper!)  The first time I asked for some hot sauce, the owner asked me 4 times..."are you sure? it's really hot."  Me confidently, "hell yes!"Well, one taste of it sent me cowering...and I can eat some pretty hot food.  There's a certain point when something spicy goes from hot, to just pain...and this sauce was full-on pain.  He brought a dish of it that had about 3 tablespoons worth of hot sauce but throughout the entire meal, I probably used only about 1/2 a teaspoon of it.  I was so shame about my wimpy-ness that I actually scooped some out and hid it among the used dishes so it looked like I used a lot. Ugh, what a wuss...lol.A couple of times he came by to check on us and asked how I liked his hot sauce. I said "awesome!" but inside I was really thinking "OMG, you are EVIL for making this!"Now when I go, I ask for it but I make sure they just bring very VERY little.  They probably think I'm a wimp but that's ok, I have a low threshold for pain.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,5/3/2012,236,241,8,11,11>As the place that replaced Duckys, Morning Glass Cafe had a LOT to live up to in my eyes. I know it's a completely different genre of food establishment but it's hard walking into the venue that used to serve my fave spicy chicken plate in town and not see the huge duck mural on the wall! I had heard about this new breakfast spot and as breakfasts #1 fan, I HAD to try this place out. I stopped by with a friend before work at around 6:50. Bad news - they don't open til 7. We waited in the parking lot and they opened promptly at 7!  Now I'm a recently turned caffeine addict, mostly for the function and less so for the taste. I'm no coffee connoisseur (I can really only stomach it with lots of milk and sugar!) but this place serves a cup of coffee that I can drink black! They had 4 choices of coffee that seem to change daily. I went for the Ethiopia one because of the tasty description! :) It did taste a little watered down but it was delicious. I also tried the breakfast sandwich which was AWESOME. English muffin with Hobbs bacon, arugula, gruyere, egg, and this perfectly complimentary tomato jam spread. Sooo delicious. Very gourmet-esque! This place is a little pricy (I paid about $7 for coffee + sammie) but is an awesome little spot for a nice sandwich and cup of Joe! :D I will def return sometime soon to try the yummy sounding sandwiches that they serve after 11.EDIT:  went again this AM for bfast with the bf.  he had a kimchee omelette and i had the gruyere, mushroom and onion omelette with potatoes and a side of the shinsato (?) sausage.  everything was AMAZING... the sausage is a must try.  the flavors are SO DELISH.  the place was packed at around 9:30 on a sat AM so we had to sit outside but it was totally worth it.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2011,5/2/2012,93,79,5,7,6>There's a stigma with Sala Thai, and if you've read any one of the other reviews, you know what it is already.  The food is, by any measure, spectacular.  I would have to say that Sala Thai is perhaps my favorite Thai food on the island, and yet...it's hard to get others to come along.  Because there are hostesses accepting hyper-priced drinks from patrons, a la most bars with "Satellite TV and Karaoke" in the Ke'eaumoku and Kalihi neighborhoodsShake it off.  Pretend it's just a normal bar or restaurant and step inside.  Sit in a high-backed booth with your friends and keep your eyes on the prize:  the menu.  As you pore over the myriad options, ignore the scantily-dressed Thai women playing darts and laughing loudly with deep-pocketed men of questionable motives.  Soon, when you get a single taste of your order, you won't even care what's happening around you.  Order it "Thai spicy" and you won't even be able to see past your plate.I've had two painfully spicy dishes here, and have had to reconsider my limits.  The first time, I ordered the green papaya salad at the highest spiciness, and I couldn't finish it.  No number of beers could quell the heat, and no number of napkins could absorb the sweat on my face and neck.  I ended up taking it home, and ate it for a painful lunch the following day.The second time, I had been drinking a little beforehand, and felt brave.  I ordered the tom yum soup (always a winner), and hesitated for a moment before I asked them to make it Thai spicy.  When it came to the table, it was a bowl of tart, spicy heaven.  Tamarind bits, herbs and additives I couldn't identify, and rich pieces of shrimp and lime leaves floated about in that red murk.  Somehow, I managed to polish off the whole bowl.  It was painful, and I would do it again without blinking.I've had a taste of a few of the curry options, and they've all been delicious.  The pad thai is something else, and I can't say I've had it better anywhere else.  The evil jungle prince or whatever was also especially good.  Maybe try something less spicy, if you're wary.I'll definitely continue to eat here.  Fortunately, the working girls know not to bug a group of people face-deep in spicy food.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,5/1/2012,70,24,11,16,14>As a little boy in the 1960's, growing up on Liliha st., my dad would bring me along to the pool hall near the corner of School and Liliha.  Yobo and Blackie were the main denizens of the hall that looked after me while my dad was in the back room craps game.  If I had to pee, I remember Yobo would hand me a then made of tin, empty Hawaiian Sun passion orange can, and have me go to the corner and relieve myself.  Looking back, I remember he rarely threw it in the garbage, but left in somewhere conspicuous in the hall.When my dad would finish we would all go eat somewhere...I remember on more than one occasion going for Hawaiian food.  "We go Helena's place!" Blackie would suggest and off we went.  I can't say I remember much of Helena's then, not being into real food but rather saimin  and chow fun and milk.  I do have a vague memory of an old lady doing things almost single handedly and hanging meat in the kitchen.Fast forward 1987.  After moving between the mainland and Hawaii on a couple of occasions, I discover "Helena's Place" on N. King st. in Kalihi.  Memories flooded back and I opened the creaky screen door and walked into the hot tiny dining room.  It is here that my adult appreciation of Hawaiian cuisine beyond the laulau was born.  Squid Luau, briny and green, using the squid guts for added depth of flavor...so good.  The dried short rib pipikaula, eaten with raw onion and salt and devouring with rice.  The meat was still hanging in the kitchen and there was that same old lady I remembered from back in the day, who didn't seem any older.  I was a regular for the next few years.Fast forward to present day.  Sadly the old lady is no longer there.  The new dining room on School st. is cleaner and a little more modern, but still small, simple and quaint.  Helen got her James beard award before passing.  Travel channel and food network has popularized the place into a mecca which it so deserves.  The food?  Still the absolute best overall in my opinion if you're yearning for good Hawaiian food.  I don't know if it's just me, but it seemed back in the 80's "Hawaiian" food was being forgotten.  It seemed to go into the peripherals of food experience in the islands.  Fast food chains were popping up left and right.  Processed foods in the supermarket for convenience made for easy access.  Hawaiian cuisine comes from the heart.  You just can't process it and commercialize it in convenient pre portioned vacuum packs.  It has been spared the Costco treatment by and large.  Unlike so many other "ethnic" cuisines.  The Hawaiian food places like Helena's that has been around so long are there because of the integrity and love of food and people, of the people who founded them and the generations that followed to continue that love.  We as Americans are slowly emerging in small groups to rediscover what it means to experience foods made from scratch.  Of ethnic foods made by mothers and grandmothers to nourish and satisfy their loved ones.  Helen was such a grandmother, and her descendants continue her hard work.  Her love of what she did with little reward to herself, now reward the current generation that run this classic Hawaiian restaurant.  It rewards the current generation of customers to know good food and introduces visitors to a new culture, that values the same integrity and love of food and people that from which they themselves have come.  To the Katsuyoshi ohana who now hold the mantle, keep doing what you're doing.  Then you can look with a smile at that little kid at the table with his family eating your laulau and haupia, he will remember to come back years from now.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,4/30/2012,362,136,12,16,15>know that there are probably a ton of other place that are more luxurious and romantic than Oceanarium, but I give this place a 5 star because not only does the food taste so so so goodThe staffs are very helpful, friendly and every time I take my family and friends here I never get disappointed. The place is not huge but the ambiance is relaxing, the huge aquarium located at the center is so amusing, I love looking at the fishes and the stingray while eating my freshly cooked sea food pasta. OH! Yes they have a chef that is super entertaining and is always ready to cook for you. I usually get the shrimp scalloped alfredo pasta and I love it, it's so good and the shrimp and scallops are so fresh.Then I camp on their chocolate fondue fountain hehe~ my gosh those are to die for.They recently added an ice cream station, which sadly only serve vanilla but It's alright because you can just put whatever topping that they have.This place is perfect for any occasion and will be enjoyed by anyone. Also if you want to make a  certain event extra special you can reserve a special greeting dive, but you have to let them know I think 4 days in advance so that  they can call a diver and make the bday sign for you... every Friday  at 9pm they also do a mermaid swim.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,4/29/2012,140,174,6,9,9>This is southern food.  Southern food is my ultimate comfort food. It's what I grew up eating for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  I knew that this place was going to be great when I saw a sign saying "Closing at 1pm for the Tarheels game."  I thought did I just walk into a relatives home?Kiss my Grits is a great name for a cozy little restaurant with reasonably prices.  They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.  It wasn't that crowded when I arrived, but it definitely picked up.I had lunch and ordered the catfish plate.  I really wanted some catfish.  It was a huge piece of catfish with fries, coleslaw and hushpuppies!!!  No need for the fries, I think I should have asked for collards.  But fries are always good.  The coleslaw was decent, nothing stellar.  The catfish was well seasoned and a hefty serving.  The hushpuppies were amazing!  My companion kept talking about how she didn't like them and I made her eat some and she said "These are waaaay better than the ones I have had before!"  Yes, my meal was awesome.I also tried the biscuit and pimento cheese, both wonderful.  I had the cornbread, not a winner.  It tasted like it was sour and gone bad.  Probably would have got five stars, but bad cornbread at a southern restaurant, no dice.Moving on to dessert.  Nana Pudding.  Get it, love it.  I loved it.  It was just right, actually banana pudding.  Also tried the Bread Pudding, probably some of the best I've ever had.  All in all, if you're looking for southern food, they've got the authentic stuff here.  I can't wait to go back because there's so much more food I want to try.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,4/28/2012,147,155,61,16,18>Right when I got groped and hit on by a 68 year old silver fox with alcohol breath and cage dancing skills, I knew the night would be epic.Epic, but not in a 'getting hit on by a 21 year old smoking hot super model actress epic' way.  Epic like going to watch Bobby Lee's comedy stand up at Pipeline laughing my ass off epic.   And laugh I did.  ALL.  NIGHT.  LONG.Like eating shaved ice at Waiolas, or going to a Luau, it's one of those places you have to visit at least once while living in Hawaii.  Good for:- Dudes 21 thru 35- Older ladies 40+- Dudes with low income- Older rich ladies - Dudes with mulletsBad for:- Dudes 35+- Ladies 21 thru 35- Dudes with high income- Younger poor ladies- Dudes with mulletsps...Shout out to the silver fox for getting me a shot of Crown!
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,4/27/2012,354,153,8,5,6>It was hilarious. I was shopping with my friend when we made plans to meet our other friends here. We had the phone on speaker as we were calling them to confirm  and my friend had mistaken "La Pizza Rina" for "Bella Mia". I'm not sure how lol. But as we were passing by La Pizza Rina, I was like "Isn't that the place we're going to?" She was certain she had heard "Bella Mia" so we decided to pull over and call them and it turned out that it was La Pizza Rina. Okay, I suppose it isn't really that funny but I think it's just because 1) you have to be there to think it's funny and 2) I really suck at telling stories...just ask anyone.Anyways, we weren't too hungry but being the food-lovers we are, we jumped at the chance to try a new place. We decided to order the cheesy garlic bread and the lasagna and the spaghetti with meatballs just because we couldn't decide. The lady working told us the subs were most popular but I didn't go there thinking to eat a hot sub so we opted to get what we knew. Although the lasagna and the spaghetti were pretty good, the dealbreaker was definitely the cheesy garlic bread. It was super duper cheesy with the perfect consistency of garlic.Eating that cheesy garlic bread got me in a little garlic bread phase and I made garlic bread twice in that week but sadly it just wasn't the same. :[Oh yes and like everyone says, this place is pretty much a hole in a wall and really small but it's okay as long as you don't decide to bring a huge group of 20 with you. I'd say group of 5 at the max. That's the amount of people in our group and we had to use 2 tables.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,4/26/2012,379,443,,14,10>I always love getting a plate of garlicy buttery shrimp from Giovannis when I'm at the North Shore but a change is also nice. My family was in town and on our way to Giovannis we saw a sign for curry shrimp. Now my dad is mildly addicted to curry so we of course had to try it out. He couldn't wait for us to finish our shrimp so we could try out the curry. I yelped it on our drive over (aka one driveway over from Giovannis) and saw that the corned beef curry and Roti were popular so thats what we ordered. The guy who took our order was friendly, I think his mom was cooking in the kitchen and his father was running the cash register. The kitchen is in the back of a grocery store and its got a great family feel to it. I haven't tried it out yet but we found a bag of Lays Marsala chips which I guess they only sell in India. They have a covered seating area in the front of the store with a few picinic tables set up. It took a little while for the food to come out but it was worth the wait. The roti was definitely freshly baked and was almost too hot to touch at first. It was buttery and great for dipping into the curry. Although the curry was a little on the oily side, what curry isnt. The tomato salsa/sauce that it comes with was a perfect balance to the salty corned beef. Also tried their curry chicken pie and while it was closer to a chicken pot pie with some spices it was so good. A flaky crust and tender pieces of chicken and veggies. Yum! Curry was $8, roti was $2, and the pie was $4.50 Will definitely be back! YELP 365:045/365
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,4/25/2012,232,146,6,11,8>Super bright and cheerful place! Opened up right next to The Brazilian Wax Co. in Mccully shopping center. It's a Korean Sephora, on a much smaller scale. It reminds me of Boots beauty shops in Europe.      Went here after eating at Hot Pot Heaven, we were walking pass to get to Coffee or Tea? when all the sparkly products caught my eye. Walked in with two guys and was very surprised that they walked out with purchases whereas I had none. I promptly went back in and got makeup base ($5) and lavender lip balm ($10) kinda pricey I know but they gave me free samples of their products and there were so many other things that I wanted!     Staff looked like they were just getting the hang of being open so lots of answering questions to people coming in but also lots of questions from the staff to the manager on duty. They were warm and personable which resulted in the two guys I was with buying beauty products (hahahahaha!). One of my guy friends admitted he'd always wanted to buy face wash but either the price or the staff deterred him. He got some of the face wash for men which is supposed to take care of an oily complexion :)    Their prices are pretty good compared to Sephora or Macy's and the products come from Korea, one thing I noticed is that because it's geared to Koreans they don't have foundation in my color (totally cool I understand) because I'm a nice espresso color.      Great place to pick up my beauty supplies, I hope to visit with my girlfriends next!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,4/24/2012,157,147,4,12,8>As far as Thai food on this side of the Island, I think this is one of the better establishments. It's reasonably priced and the food tastes good.The servers are inviting and friendly, and the restaurant is nicely decorated and most importantly, clean. It's a little small on the small side though. They have the typical foods you would find at a Thai restaurant, and they also serve pho.Likes:  Service is good, and the food in general tastes good. Dislikes: Like a lot of Thai places, when you order one too many chicken dishes, they run around the same theme of cooked sliced chicken breast (with the same texture), only differentiated by the vegetables and sauce. I also wish they had more dessert options. Not a fan of the spring rolls, because the wrapper had more of a hard chewy-crispy texture.Favorites: Their fried calamari is really good! They score the calamari so that it's not too rubbery and hard, and sometimes it reminds me of eating shrimp poppers. I also like the green curry (tastes really good as leftovers the next day).Though my likes section is smaller than the dislikes section, I'm just being really nitpicky. I recommend this place to anyone with a craving for reasonably priced Thai food. I'd also suggest ordering different meats so that you get different textures (getting beef, chicken, and pork vs. chicken, chicken, chicken).
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,4/23/2012,60,72,2,9,5>I think Sweet Home Cafe may have found its rival.For our two-year anniversary, my girlfriend and I intended to eat sushi, but on our way, we saw a huge sign reading "Grand Opening Special Free Appetizer and Dessert".  Who could say no to free food?  I quickly swung my car around and parked in the same parking lot as Sushi King.Approaching the entrance to the old TCBY location on South King street, we were greeted with an overpowering smell of wood finishing, but took it as a sign of a freshly refurbished eatery.  Walking in, we were quickly seated, handed our menus, served glasses of iced waters, and given our free appetizer of seasoned edamame.  The menu was very simplistic: basically, one orders broth (ranging from shio broth to mushroom and healthy broth) and meats (beef, pork, beef tongue, tendon, chicken).  In addition, there were fridges with filled with other ingredients to cook in the broth (plates were color-coded by price).  Although the fridges did not contain as many vegetable choices, they did have a lot of seafood and other meat options.  And of course, they had a variety of delicious sauces/dips on a separate table.After a brief five minutes nibbling on our free appetizer, one of the workers brought out a huge pot of our mushroom broth.  The broth itself can either "make it or break it" for any hot pot restaurant, and we were quite pleased with the clear, but very distinct mushroom flavor.  We quickly plopped in other ingredients, which included ong choy, fish balls, and lobster balls.  With these ingredients simmering, our beef and pork meat orders came flying out of the kitchen.  However, they accidentally gave us beef tongue instead of our tendon order, but owned up to their mistake and gave us the beef tongue order on the house.  We couldn't have cared less because the food was absolutely delicious!  The thinly cut meats allowed for faster cooking time and more flavor with its exposed surface area. With our bellies full, we received our check and a choice of either azuki, green tea, or coffee ice cream.  Shabu Shabu house, not even a week old, definitely shows potential.  With a great location, open late night (closes at 2:00 AM), and allows BYOB, we hope to see this new restaurant thrive. We also would like to note that this place is very clean and spacious, which we enjoyed rather than being in a dirty, cramped space. If you enjoy quality hot pot without the long wait and small space, shabu shabu king is the place you are looking for.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,4/22/2012,284,192,8,10,9>yelp 365 challenge #41/365perhaps these are one of those places that you have to be from japan to fully appreciate...since i didn't understand a word they were saying and vice versa...7:50: entered and sat at the bar7:55: they were in the process of putting place mats, chopsticks, and a cold towel.8:10: finally got to order. hot udon noodle. pork fried rice.8:25: told that they were out of pork...fifteen minutes after we ordered? shouldn't you have already been making the food? it's ok. shrimp fried rice sounded just as good.8:35: finally got the fried rice. AMAZING!!! who knew fried rice could taste sooooo good? it's like you can feel the love that they put into their rice!!8:49: got my hot udon with chicken broth. holy moly! i thought i died and went to udon heaven!!! it was worth the wait. best udon EVER!!! light, yet flavorful broth. unscrambled egg. exactly how i like it! not the normal noodles but greaaattttt!!!!it is hot inside though...so not too many clothes ok? slut wear...hahah. kidding :)so...i was gonna be mad cuz service was a little slow...but i think everyone just might be laid back. definitely coming back to try their dinner sets!!also...if you sit at the bar you can watch all the sushi magic happen :)WARNING!the entrance is a sliding door...so don't be like that customer who walked into the glass door and hurt her nose...
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,4/21/2012,56,361,3,8,6>I love meat.Ok, I got it out of the way.  Yes, I love meat, and yes I love this place!After 3 visits to this place, I felt compelled to write a review, although it seems there are many who came before me to this quaint little joint.  I fear others will discover the joy of this place and will make it super crowded, but alas, I will share my joy with Yelp.FOOD: yummy VEGAN food.  Some things are organic (namely the drinks) but I'm not sure about the food, but it is pretty fresh tasting and really tasty.  All prices of the main sandwiches or dishes seemed to range from $8-10. So it's not uber cheap but if 2 people can eat totally vegan food for less than $20 it might be worth considering what are the health benefits and such.  And of course I just enjoy this flavor!  Some specificsHANOI: Vietnamese style sandwich (I got it on rice).  Great slabs of tofu (comes out pretty warm, so feels like a nice hot dish).  with peanut sauce and this other creamy sauce.  I will admit it's a little awkward to eat it with chopsticks on a plate over rice because there is the mayo-like spread, the green garnishes and all that on the plate.  But you can manage.  Tasty and filing.POPEYE: it is what it sounds like.   If you like spinach, this one is for you.  Oh and yes you can have all of the sandwiches on rice, no extra charge.  That ciabatta bread is quite good, I must admit.  But I'm still a rice person.HEART & SEOUL : it's their take on bi bim bap, vegan style (so no egg). You get the choice of fresh tofu or TVP.  To be fair, from a carnivore perspective, the TVP seemed a little like bacon bit topping, rather than substantial meat product.  The tofu was the fresh, soft tofu.  The tradeoff, as the lady at the counter said it: the TVP is tastier, but it's hard to beat the freshness of the tofu.  So what do I suggest.  Get it half tofu/half TVP.  Comes with brown rice, bean sprouts, green stuff, tofu/TVP, lettuce/arugala salad and a miso hot sauce.  Super tasty meal.  But yes, there is a lot of rice and I wish I got more tofu with the dish.  The salad also seems a little misplaced and messy.  But it was so tasty and filling.MORROCAN STEW: yummy, spice, hot, filling, and tastes like a "real meal" from someone who loves a nice hot dinner.  However, I'm not sure how healthy it is because it's brown rice, with brownish chickpea stew.  They give you that green/arugala salad and also a container of miso hot sauce. Really tasty but like I said, not sure how healthy it is because it doesn't exactly scream veggie, so much as it screams, chickpeas.CILANTRO HUMMUS: yummy sandwich, but you better like cilantro and hummus a lot.  Tasty, a little messy but to be fair, it didn't taste like this amazing feat of unusual vegan flavors in my mouth. SOBA SOY SALAD: Tasty and fairly filing, but a little boring compared to some of the other dishes that come with an array of veggies and sides.  the dressing/sauce comes on the side so you can control how much or how little you use.DECOR: it's small and hip and all that I am not...there are some small tables for 2 and also a nice long table int he middle that seems more of a communal type of atmosphere.  There is also a high counter you can sit on.SERVICE: you order food at the cash register (they accept VISA/MC).  You can add tip onto your credit card bill or you can leave cash.  They have a cute tip jar so don't forget to take care of them, even though it's not full service--order at the cashier, get your own water and utensils, sit.  They will bring you your food.  It seems all food is packaged "to-go" regardless of if you are eating it in.  Seems a little wasteful on the containers but someone needs to help me understand maybe it helps save the water/sewer system from waste.  Or maybe it's just to prevent the need for a dishwasher.  At it all seems compostable (only the cups and chopsticks are reusable).  I wonder if I can bring in my own reusable tupperware will that save the earth? I dunno...In the 3 times I've been there it's been a totally different person working the register. So it's hard to get to know them or anything, but I was sure to tip all of them.  But they are all super friendly so if you're confused or want a recommendation, they can hopefully  help you make a decision.PARKING: there is a small lot in the back off the side street across the library but there are only a few spaces back there, so you may be left roaming the streets.OTHER LOGISTICS:  --they run out of the baked goodies/sweets in the afternoon so if you want it, go early. I was told they make a different flavor of mochi everyday but they ran out.  Again...--They have some great sounding desserts, but I don't want to risk espresso at 9pm--The bathroom is through a door that faces the parking lot.  You need a key.  It's not particularly nice or clean feeling but it will do.If I'm not gnawing on a huge stick of bacon, you'll find me here!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,4/20/2012,221,283,10,11,13>Oh, you've never had saimin at Palace Saimin? Then I have to let you in on a little secret: YOU'VE NEVER HAD SAIMIN!This is as old school as it gets- a real gem amongst all these newer places popping up with their five page menus, super special combos, fancy pants diner seats and sub par saimin.Palace may not have the glitz and glamour of chairs, accepting credit cards or even air conditioner (hell, it wasn't until just recently they even got fans or a soda fountain) BUT they have the best god damn saimin on the planet. Hamura's? Pfff. Boulevard? Don't make me laugh. Saimin House? You disgust me! Get out of here and come back when you can handle what real saimin is.Real saimin is what keeps people coming back for over 6 decades to a hole in the wall with a maximum capacity of 20 people,  who happily shove themselves into the most cramped parking lot, walk into a little match box that makes you sweat like you're in a sauna and is worth paying cash only. Real saimin places have two options: saimin or wonton. Palace saimin IS this place. Their saimin is so good you don't care how hot it is, how terrible the parking lot is, whether or not it's cash only - all you care is getting those noodles in the hot mustard then in your mouth. This is the order when I eat there: sip broth, dip noodles in mustard, slurp slurp slurp, eat a wonton dipped in mustard,  sip broth, eat bbq stick, repeat!I know that I will become a manic depressive if Palace should ever close down. Until that day, though - LONG LIVE PALACE!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,4/19/2012,191,170,7,10,10>Enjoying a nice cone of shave ice is part of the quintessential experience of growing up in Hawaii.  Aside from shave ice, there are a number of things that can only be enjoyed on the islands...1) Manapua Man2) Spam Musubi's3) Fruit Punch4) Pork Hash  Sadly, as we grow older.  We tend to forget the simple pleasures in life or feel we've just outgrown them.  Luckily, we have places like Shimazu's that understand this dynamic and strive to bring our childhood memories back into our lives.Back in the day, your favorite flavors may have been rainbow, strawberry, or something simple.  Shimazu's offers all of the classics, but also includes a fairly impressive selection of updated offerings that adults can appreciate.  With choices ranging from Red Velvet, Creme Brulee, Ginger Ale, Kahlua, Peanut Butter & Chocolate, and even Buttered Popcorn.  They've got a flavor for everyone - trust me.  The syrups are homemade and delicious.  My personal favorites are the Red Velvet Creme and Creme Brulee.  The Buttered Popcorn is actually really good as well.  Way better than any jellybean!!!!At first glance, you'd pretty much miss and never give Shimazu's a second thought.  It's a hole in the wall, located near a freeway entrance, with no parking.  Moreover, they sell only 3 other items aside from shave ice.  Basically, it's a business that breaks most of the rules for a successful business model.    If you're looking for the best, Shimazu's should definitely be on your hitlist.  Here, it's all about the syrups.  If you can't find street parking and/or going solo; park in the Foodland/McDonalds parking lot and walk.  Moreover, start with the small.  The small here is equivalent to a large at most other places.  Cash only!!!!  5 out of 5 hands down!
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,4/18/2012,85,63,6,7,9>I have no idea who is cooking the food here, but man... they do a good job!  The waitress/cashier/server once said that "he" doesn't like to pre-cook the tempura because it won't be fresh, so I tend to imagine a short, little old Japanese man with huge black-rimmed glasses, slaving over pots and pans of steaming delectable delights!  CUTE :)Anyways, I always order the chicken tofu.  I know there are A LOT of other great dishes here, but I like what I like.  And, at $8.75, you can't go wrong.  You get a nice salad, with some kind of miso-peanuty dressing, tsukemono, and miso soup to start.  The chicken tofu is served with bamboo shoots, green onions, cabbage, noodles, rice, and a pot overflowing with DEELICIOUS golden, brown shiro.  OISHII DESU YO!Some other reviewers have complained about the staff.  It's true, they can be a little slow, and forget things (I'm still waiting for my spoon!!!)... but, I think it might be due to experience, not attitude.  She's getting better!  She tries hard!  It gets busy and she's the only one!  FYI:  They do charge extra if you use a credit card to pay.  So, if you don't want to deal with that, bring cash.  Also, their bathroom is REALLY TINY!  Like, sit-on-the-toilet-and-your-knees-bang-the-wall tiny.  So... watch out!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,4/17/2012,704,321,8,6,9>Now understand... this is a drinkers bar. Not to say an alcoholics bar mind you... it's just well understood that you don't go to the Irish Rose for a fresh berry Daiquiri if you get my drift. That all said and done... I'm putting together a YELP team for next years tricycle race! Proceeds go to charity but there is a time commitment! There are several weeks of preliminary races before the big event, and the team members needed are of a very specific type. The tricycles are TINY! So we need some small drivers... and your pit crew consists of drinking a ton of shots on the laps... so we need DRINKERS! Tiny people and beer bellies apply. The Red Bull team won this year and I really want to see them go down! Please help me make that dream a reality.... please.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,4/16/2012,147,108,5,9,6>Krazy Karaoke here on Young Street is my HQ for my Karaoke addiction needs.  I think most of the crew know me by name already!I'm just going to get right in to the review:PROS:1) 50 % off Mondays except Holidays.  You'll almost always find me on a Monday.  It's really a great deal!  3 hours at night for a 10 person room runs about $45 and 16 person room for 3 hours runs about $60.  They have deals on other days: Student days, military days.  2) Super friendly and very accomodating staff!  Be sure to tip your favorite attendant!  It'll remind you on the ads between songs!3) They have a full book of Japanese songs.4) Wide variety of songs.  You can almost find just about any song you're looking for.5) Fairly clean facility.6) Usually adequate private parking or can find street parking.7) They update theirs songs with new ones fairly often.8) BYOB, alcohol, and food!  They do have food and drinks for purchase at the counter as well.CONS: 1) Some of the sound equipment could use some updating.  Some of the rooms does not have the best accoustics.  Not too bad for the most part.2) I think the karaoke computer could use some replacement.  The computer has crashed on us which required rebooting.  This happend few times now in recent visits.3) Wish they had more Indie music!  Overall, a great place to go and best bang for your money in town.  Check this place out!
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,4/15/2012,138,137,5,10,9>Located at the entrance of Costco in Waipio (they will also be at Mililani Tech Park every Wednesday I believe), this lunch truck offers plate lunches such as steak plate, loco moco, and hamburger steak, however, I did not come for a plate lunch, I came for a Malasada Burger.What is a Malasada burger?  Well, it's exactly what you think it is.  Instead of using a hamburger bun, they cut a freshly cooked malasada in half and use the two ends as the buns.  They had four different types of burgers (you can take a look at the pictures to see the menu) and I had the mushroom swiss burger which was quite good.   The hamburger patty itself is nothing special, it needed a little more "zing" as my friend put it, but the burger had a nice sauce, was cooked well and the sweet taste of the malasada was very complimentary to the saltiness of the hamburger.  The malasada itself was actually one of the best I've had, much better than Champions or Leonard's. Now, this is not a burger you can eat while in the car, this is a burger where you need to sit down, clear everything from your eating area and have a lot of napkins ready as you will get sugar everywhere!  One idea we had was to flip the malasada bun so the sugar side would be touching the burger so it wouldn't be as messy, however, it would lose its aesthetics as the presentation of the malasada burger is half the fun (trust me, if you post a picture of the Malasada burger on your Facebook you'll get a lot of comments haha).  Would I go back?  Yes, this is not something I can eat on a regular basis, but it's definitely a good treat to have every once in a while.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,4/14/2012,390,471,12,24,23>Hawaii's only real pop-up restaurant.  While most are hit or miss (if they fail to impress, they just pop-up again with a new concept), the Pig and the Lady delivers like Dominos!This is a true foodie's adventure, not a romantic dinner in a fine restaurant (It's at Hank's Haute Dogs after all).  Communal seating.  Very social event.   It's a bunch of foodies all having a good time.  Still interested?The current inception is a fusion of Southeast Asian cuisines executed with classic, western cooking techniques.  Despite my trepidations about the ingredients used (octopus jus, pig ears, betel nut leaves), the food taste incredible.I won't go into every course.  Half the fun is being surprised how approachable and delicious the  food really is but I must mention the incredible carrot soup with an outstanding coconut crème fraiche, bright citrus from tangerine and herb finish of the cilantro.  Unbelievable balance.  One of the best soups I've ever had.A full vegetarian option is available.  Individual dishes can be substituted for vegetarian options for the less adventurous.  BYOB.  If you can find it, Beer Lao's lager (national beer from Laos) is the absolute perfect match for the food.  If not, any other light, slightly astringent beer works.Act fast.  Only a few more dates left before the Pig and the Lady vanishes.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,4/13/2012,90,166,5,9,8>The motto at Thai Herb Kitchen is "Traditional flavor, cannot make unspicy." Too funny, but true!!!!!!!! I know, I know, everyone says their own favorite Thai restaurant serves the most authentic Thai food. The truth of the matter is THEY LIED!!!!!! Because Thai Herb Kitchen is unlike any other Thai restaurant in Hawaii. The flavors... The photos of friends and family in Thailand... The attentive (all Thai) staff... This place SCREAMS authentic Thai experience. It's written all over the wall (really, it is).The menu is very diverse with many items I've never seen. We decided not to order our usual green curry because it seemed like this was not their specialty. I mean, let's face it, maybe curry is on most Thai menus just for the Haole in all of us - stoopid Americans :).Anywho, we thoroughly devoured the following:Marinated Eggplant salad: I have never had anything like this EVER. Raw eggplant came marinated in a spicy sauce, not unlike green papaya salad, but much spicier with lots of lemongrass, mint, and lime leaf. We had ours with pork. It was soooooooooooo good. I am Pavlov's dog.Ahi Toasted Rice Larb: Minced raw ahi mixed with finely ground toasted rice, lemongrass, and tons of spices. This is served with cabbage leaves you can wrap. I loved this dish!  Again, I have never eaten anything like this EVER. The toasted rice added a certain depth of flavor completely lacking in all other larb type salads I've had in Hawaii. I am actually regretting the fact that I let my husband take the leftovers for lunch right now!!!Spicy Phad Thai: Very good. Perfectly chewy noodles, great sauce, tender pork, and cocaine. Seriously, by this point in the meal, I was beginning to wonder what special fairy dust was making all this food taste so good? Whatever.The menu clearly states, "cannot make unspicy." But ask for spicy, and they make it spicy! The picture menus are awesome!!! It's like Universal Design for eating!BYOB baby with a $2/pp corkage fee. Note: Thai Herb Kitchen closes at 10pm and does not take any food orders after 9:30pm. This place was packed, even late on a Wednesday night. There was also a line for take out at 9pm.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,4/12/2012,271,20,12,12,11>Once upon a time in the Topa Financial Center,There were two men. Both men worked at Nana's Deli. And both men were named Thomas.Thomas #1 is the owner and the former Executive Chef of Haleiwa Joe's (Kaneohe), Kapono's (Aloha Tower), and Palomino/Harbor Court Bistro. I don't mean to culinary name drop, but by hearing those names it should be safely assumed that the food at Nana's Deli is rated at maximum onolicious capacity. *Yes, "onolicious" is a real word. Why, baddah you? Try go use 'um next time in yo' vocab. Thomas #2 is the delicatessen master blaster of disaster. He is the preparer-of-the-sandwiches and handles the moolah. He's really nice. He wears glasses.WHAT SHOULD YOU DO? (PART ONE): So first, you'll stare at the menu until you see a sandwich that tickles your fancy. Pretty much everything here is good. But my personal favorite is the pastrami sandwich. It sounds sexy, right? That's because it is.Then you choose your bread. My favorite is ciabatta. Still sexy.Thomas #2 will then start putting the fixin's on your sandwich. As soon as he's done, he'll put it in the toaster oven. Trust me, this is where it goes from awesome to AWESOME!!! Then he'll ask you which sides you'd like. Basically, each sandwich comes with a choice of two sides. You can choose from: green salad, pesto pasta salad, and/or roasted potatoes. I usually go with the green and pasta salad. This takes the concept of sexy to a whole 'nother level. A little warning though, while the pesto pasta salad is UBER delish, [said in Yoda voice] "strong with that one, the garlic is." It's true, your residual pesto pasta breath may be a wee bit offensive. I'd liken it to post-Sugoi garlic chicken breath. You know when you completely reek of garlic for the remainder of the day? The pasta salad is very similar. But that's why they invented gum, right? WHAT SHOULD YOU DO? (PART DEUX): "To offend, or to not offend. That is the question." I say, embrace the inevitable stank and order the pesto pasta anyway. You can either (A) make sure your lunch date(s) order the same thing at which time you can all join forces and "offend" downtown Honolulu together, or (B) just keep a pack of Orbit a.k.a. "for a good, clean feeling....no matter what" gum in your pocket for an after-meal chew. This pasta is just too good to skip. IMHO, with (at least) two pieces of gum handy - you'll basically break even. LOL, you're welcome.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,4/11/2012,94,245,5,8,5>This place is awesome.Great concept. It's pretty funny, I was talking to a buddy the other day about a business idea of a karaoke place that also has video games as well. Unfortunately this place did it, and did it really well.  This place is not a BYOB joint, but more a trendy bar atmosphere.  However, you can bring food into the rooms.The place has a very sleek look: great interior and lounge atmosphere (a very Asian/Hong Kong look to it).  I was very impressed from the moment we set foot inside.  The waitresses taking care of us in the room were very nice.  The rooms are very large and comfortable. They have a large song list for the karaoke peoples; with the strangest karaoke videos I've seen in a while.  It was pretty cool to switch between karaoke and Rock Band whenever we felt like it.  The rooms are much pricier than most places, but they are very large and have good seating: I think we fit 20 people with no problems.  Also, you can ask for any games to play, but one game at a time.  Either renting out the place, or the backrooms #3 and #4, would probably be great for a corporate event.They didn't skimp on anything, all the equipment is quality: from Shure mics to large screen TVs to XBox Kinetic.  As I passed through the crowd, I noticed the wide variety of games they have: from Call of Duty to Mario Cart.  It was funny to pass by the Street Fighter set-up right in front of our room.  I haven't heard the term "do you give second's" since I was a kid.  It was even more funny watching this one girl beat all the guys playing. There are a few things to note...The fact that this place has one bathroom each for men and women ends up with a lot of dudes standing around.  Probably gotta expand the bathroom beyond the single stall...and the lowest urinal known to man.There is a smoking area; however, the path to get there is right in front of some of the game stations.  You will have to pass through someone's game to get there; so do it fast.Finally, be careful of ramming into the front glass door.  I saw some guy crash right into it, and the bouncer (as well as another friend of mine I saw at a BBQ) said it actually happens there all the time: which may explain the camera on the door. LOL.This place took a great idea and did it right; I hope to see it last a long time.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,4/10/2012,31,112,18,9,11>Ho brah/sistah! Dis place serves some mean and ono kine grindz!!! I was supah hungry for some Hawaiian grindz but I nevah wanted fo' drive all da way Kalihi so I wen' take out my phone, open da kine yelp appli-me-kay-tien to look fo' one place dat was sellin' some ono kine Hawaiian grindz and dis place wen popup. I wen o-dah da laulau and squid luau plate wid lomi-lomi salmon en rice. Brah! Da buggah was HUMANGOUS!!! Da leaves and da pork was so tendah on da laulau wid jus da rite amount of fat around 'em and dea was a big piece of buttah-fish in it, too! Dis one was way bettah den da one I wen grine at dat double L place by da airport. Da squid luau was sweet, tick en had choke Tako on dem. Perfect on top of a bed of rice which I wish I had insted of jus one scoop. Da lomi sa-mon had choke piieces of sa-mon in dem and was not salty at all. Shootz, brah/sistah! Gotta go. I tink I have da case of KANAK-ATTACK. I like go sleep now.... Zzzzz......TRANSLATION: I WENT TO THIS PLACE FOR LUNCH TODAY AND I GOT ME SOME REASONABLY PRICED, DELICIOUS AND GENEROUS PORTION OF HAWAIIAN FOOD.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,4/9/2012,779,223,6,11,10>Whoa.  This place is a blast from the past.  Rewind time before Canefire baseball, Bigway Supermarket, Madonna, Grease, drive-in movie theatres, and you get Sato's Okazuya.  When you enter, you will notice the aging staff, presumably working day in and day out since they opened long ago.  Talk about old school.  Grandma and grandpa working in the back cooking and prepping.  Putting in the hard labor and labor of love into their cooking.  This small okazuya is located in Hanawai Circle by Waipahu Festival Market and Futaba.So if we hearken back to the okazuyas of old we will remember the food, not the service.  When ordering be patient, it is all made to order and its completely worth it.  My food took probably 15 minutes to make especially since I got the pork chop special (pork chop and fried noodles) and it was worth every second.yelp.com/biz_photos/AQE9…The noodles are fresh, not frozen, and you see them making it and taking a fresh stack and throwing it on the griddle.  This is always a good sign!  The noodles have a very unique, unprocessed flavor to them and are unlike any other fried noodles I've ever had.  And this is coming from a rice man, I usually don't like fried noodles.What better way to celebrate completing drug testing for a new job than with Sato's pork chop special? IDK. (my bff jill)
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,4/8/2012,3140,188,28,20,19>(O) ne malasada is never enough(N) umerous times i've been here(L) ines are ridiculously long(Y) ou will love these after one bite(O) ne place to mark for the bucket list(R) amfis can't eat just one malasada!(D) o not eat in the car....messy,messy(E) verybody leaves here happy =)(R) epeat visits from tourists are a given(T) he malasadas are heavenly(H) ype lives up to it's name(E) at till your heart's content(O) ne bite is all it takes to blow you away(R) ead my other reviews(I)  am a believer, no one else comes close(G) ot to eat the malasada's HOT!(I) wish they only sold malasadas here(N) eed to lick the sugar off your fingers afterwards(A) lways bring my visitors here(L) eonard's Bakery, I LOVE YOU(M) y stomach is growling while writing this review(A) mazingly light,delicate, and crunchy(L) ocals love this place just as much as tourists(A) phrodisiac........MAYBE  ;)(S) tay in line or the short japanese lady will cut in front of you(A) diet is what you will go on after eating malasadas(D) rink an ice cold milk or juice with your malasada(A) crying shame if you don't eat them right away(S) tomach is expanding like a balloon(T) ried other malasada's elsewhere...not the same(H) efty waistline is because of my malasada addiction(A) n experience you will always remember(T) his review is making me delirious(S) hort lines here? NEVER(I) truly believe you will be a malasada fan after eating here(T) ime to end this review.....remember what i told you now...
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,4/7/2012,52,96,3,10,7>The short version is: This place serves yummy food. But if you are picky about "Chinese" food, you have to have a different expectation.Now the long version...What we know of as "traditional" or "typical" Chinese food primarily came from large restaurants from Hong Kong, with some influences from Taiwan, Singapore, even the Philippines. This type of Chinese food has a certain look and feel.  The aprrenticeship stype training and largely identical kitchen environment made forces a certain level of consistency. But the majority of the household in those countries, home cook food don't look, taste or feel like that. Cooks at home make liberal changes in ingredients, cooking method to save time and tune the taste to their own liking.Such as the food at Golden Eagle. The dishes are all real Chinese except that there are liberal changes that made them a little different. The tuning is very much from the old American chop seui days. There are deliberate attempts to make the food fit a non-Chinese audience. The result is dishes that taste more home-cooked than your normal Chinese restaurant. But with definite restaurant techniques, cooked in a restaurant kitchen. If you are picky about Chinese food, keeping this in mind will adjust your expectation properly. The basic items like roasted meat on rice, fried noodles chow fun types are all par. Some of the dishes i like are:The walnut shrimp.  Very well cleaned, cooked quickly, crunchy and tasty walnuts. The hardest part is to share it... but share you must... so you can try more dishes.The Cake noodles are very well done.  The noodles are perfectly cooked and then wok crisped.  It stays crunchy after the sauce is poured on. As with any cake noodles, the topping is just the garnish.  The star is the noodle.The salt and pepper dishes are superb, especially the pork chops and chicken wings. Perfectly deep fried in a very light coating then tossed in a finely chopped mix of garlic, salt, and chili pepper. Yum! But a word of warning: they are HOT (as in temperature).  Even at the end of the meal, the last wing is still hot enough to burn my mouth.This place can be the poster child of hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant. Go in with that expectation, you too will come out with a new addition to your favorite list.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,4/6/2012,141,35,12,15,15>I am **always** in the mood for **collagen ramen** (say what?!), which on some occasions is bad because Yotteko-Ya is well aware of their greatness, so they can close up shop at odd hours, sometimes unannounced for the day, and still retain a large fan base. Whatever, as a devoted follower, it's totally worth the drive and trouble.Yes, folks, this Kyoto ramen soup has a special ingredient - collagen. Instead of injecting it into your face while eating their ramen, for example, they inject their ramen soup base with this supposed fountain of youth. I'm not sure if this contributes at all to their addictive, not-too-salty paitan soup base, but **keep it coming**!A youthful bowl (~$8) comes in various shapes (i.e. types), but normally one size- pretty large for someone like me. You can get different types of paitan ramens such as the kakuni pork (almost always sold out by the time we get there), tabeteko (kim chee; this one is my favorite!), etc. We usually get the set that includes (paitan) ramen of your choice, fried rice (their chashu gohan is heavenly), and deep- or pan-fried gyoza, which costs us around $13 per set. The sets vary, but you seriously can't go wrong.There is always a wait. If the option were presented to me while waiting in line for a table, I would totally put in my order and eat my ramen sitting Indian-style on the ground.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,4/5/2012,132,164,4,10,9>LOVE (x100) this okazuya! St. Louis Delicatessan is like a family tradition - grandpa brought my dad here, dad started bringing me here from the hanabata days, and I hope to bring my future kids here too. It's everything I love: small, mom-and-pop type business with great food that is very inexpensive. My usual plate is a half order chow funn, musubi (plain/nori), a sushi (cone/maki), hash, and shoyu chicken or teriyaki meat. The best part is most definitely the chow funn! I can't really explain why it is SO GOOD....you'll just have to trust me on that one. BF didn't know what the big deal was until he tried it, and now it's the only thing he orders (full portion every time!). Other things they have: fried chicken, spam, hot dog, tofu, long rice, tempura, nishime, namasu, macaroni salad. Yes, the food is a bit on the salty side, but it's how they've always made it. I think people are just a little more conscious about that stuff these days. I've been coming here for over 20 years, am dangerously addicted to their chow funn, and will always be a loyal customer...buuut if you try this okazuya and don't like it, no biggie - that just means there's more for me! :)
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,4/4/2012,22,92,5,9,8>I try to eat here at least once a week. It helps me stay motivated to never miss a school day! LOL. Yep that good, I never miss any of my sciences classes because if I don't show up then I can't get me some tasty grub.Okay so it says it's a grille and you can get some burgers and sammiches (which are delicious too) but they have some amazing items.This semester (Fall 2011) I've already tried the Israeli couscous salad, which had couscous, the most delicious tomatoes I've ever had (they were sweet and fresh but not to sweet and not under ripe and tart), olives, olive oil, and some green stuff and spices (sorry no idea what was in it). It tasted perfect. It was healthy, tasty, and not boring like most salads you'd get at a grille.I had the spinach and ricotta cheese gnocchi with a zesty tomato sauce. They fall apart in your mouth and somehow taste like the filling for most noodles. I actually shared with my neighbor because he wanted them too and I ordered the last ones. They were too good to keep to myself. Then I ordered the pork tenderloins with poha chutney today and I can't put my finger on it but the spice combination along with the chutney reminded me of the sort of thing you might see during the Christmas holiday. It was spicy and sweet but savory too like Christmas specials normally are. The coconut panna cotta with chocolate mousse literally gave me goosebumps...I showed the waiter. It was subtle but had the most amazing and rich after taste. And it jiggled, so you got entertainment with your meal.Also, all the items I ordered were under 5 dollars except the couscous which was 6. I love this restaurant. Oh! and I swear I'm losing weight eating here because they have much healthier options than most schools or even restaurants have.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,4/3/2012,108,266,,7,6>I always passed by Caffe Grazie, but never bothered to eat here until a friend wanted to meet there.  For a healthy pasta or sandwich type of meal, the ingredients are fresh, and the price is reasonable:Eggplant Parmesan - 4 stars - For $8.50, they give a lot, but it's just cheese on top of eggplant, as depicted on my picture.  The sauce is very different, with a light sweet wine taste, which was flavorful and blended just right.  Comes with salad, and a  wheat bread.  I was disappointed when I saw my friend's mini pasta because it looked about the same amount of pasta for $2 less.  Now I know to just buy the mini,Mini Pesto Pasta - 4 stars - For $6.50 you get a good serving of pasta.  I think this is everyone's favorite.  Not oily, and tastes pretty good.  Comes with salad and a wheat bread.My friends also ordered a veggie burger, which he said tasted pretty good.Service - 4 stars - seating is outside, and they actually serve the plate to you if you sit outside.  A very convenient place to eat in the downtown business district, though, it's very windy in the seating area, and we had to hold down our plates and napkins from blowing away.They also have a customer frequent card, which gives them another plus.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,4/2/2012,233,132,5,6,5>Don't try to come here without a reservation.  I've seen people wait forever to get in...it's been that bust every time I've been here (A sign that it's good).  Parking is plentiful and right in front the restaurant.  Service is great, when we had a Christmas party here last year we had to wait over half an hour past our reservation time and they brought us complimentary champagne and escargot while we waited.  The Food:All I can say is Beef Quartet!  I eat this every single time I come here...It's that good...4 different mini meat dishes cooked to perfection.  It looks small but it's a good portion.  You won't be stuffed, just satisfied.....very satisfied.  I've also tried some of my friends Opah before which was excellent.  Very soft and tasty.  If they ran out of Beef Quartet I would cry first then order the Opah.Escargot was awesome but how is something drowned in butter and garlic no awesome?  Don't let the leftover butter garlic go to waste.  Eat it with your bread!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,4/1/2012,559,209,13,12,13>This ain't no teenie bopper, mass machine making rice, kinda joint.  The sushi chefs are trained, speak Japanese, and serve premium quality fish. Can I get an "oh yeah" for BYOB! A "woop woop"  for serving my favorite ice cream pies (RB's).  Finally I want 5 fist pumps for all you can eat sushi gotta wear spandex to totally enjoy  deal.  All You Can Eat Sushi *  Available on Sunday only.  *  The only catch is everyone in your party has to eat the all you can eat sushi. *  Made to order Sushi. *  $15 for children*  $35 for adults it includes dessert (cheesecake, mochi ice cream, and regular ice cream)  How can you go wrong with that?  Except for the RB pies.  My favorite is the Watermelon Pie.  Taste exactly how it looks but it's ice cream.    I think if they offered this with the deal, I would eat a whole pie first then move on to the main meal.  I was born on National Candy Day for a reason alright.  RB's Watermelon Ice cream Pieyelp.com/biz_photos/e4_W…There are several other sushi spots in Kapolei but this one tops it all.  Sure it is pricey but your paying for quality.  Service is always 2 thumbs up.  Ample amount of parking. I also enjoy eating the combination bentos. It comes with your choice of two items, salad, miso soup, and rice.  Here are my favorite combos:  Shrimp Tempura & Teriyaki Chicken Bentoyelp.com/biz_photos/e4_W…Ahi Katsu & Deep Fried Oystersyelp.com/biz_photos/e4_W…A little warning:  If your down in the gutter or you just broke up with your significant other bring ear plugs.  They  ALWAYS play love songs for some reason.  If your looking for quality sushi hit up Kozuko sushi.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,3/31/2012,19,80,4,6,6>2012 Resolution #2 - venture out:After reading reviews from our own Yelp stars, Emi H. and Kim M., I needed to break "creature of habit" tendencies and venture out for pho from my tried and true spots. By following through with resolution #2, I was rewarded with great pho at Pho Thinh.If you are not looking for this place, it's easy to miss.  The building its located in is so "Thinh" that you barely can see it.   If they moved closer to the street, I think they would garner up more foot traffic.  But then again, we all would be waiting in long lines to grab a seat, especially since this place is small, probably about 10 smaller tables.  Parking is limited and a bit of a challenge, but usually there is some street parking along King St.Now back to the Pho.  Clean, clear, not oily, tasty broth is only what they serve here.  Kim M. puts it well, "murky, mysterious broths that some other pho restaurants serve"  not present here.  Who wants broth so dark, that it should be in your fish tank instead of your bowl?  Rare steak is tender and gristle-free, tendon is chewy but free of the fatty edges.  Veggies (bean sprouts, basil, saw leafs, peppers) are so fresh that you would be fooled to think they have a garden back in the kitchen.  Veggie portions are a little on the smaller side, but that ensures keeping a fresher selection available for others, I know much of it goes wasted on peoples plates.  Prices are slighty more than other places in downtown (~$8.50 large/$9.25 xtra large), but it was definitely worth it.  Mission Completed: Scratch Resolution #2 off my bucket list.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,3/30/2012,80,107,7,10,6>When my husband told me yesterday that we had reservations to try out The Grove, I was uber excited. Of course, I immediately went on yelp, got the down low, and had a pretty good idea of what I was in for. We arrived 10 minutes before our reservations, but were seated immediately. I was actually almost a little sad about that, because I spied a cute little outdoor waiting area that looked sooooo comfy with couches and tables that was very different from when Lucy's was in the same place. They clearly are a new restaurant - and I agree with other yelpers here that they're definitely still working out the kinks (a food runner brought us over food right after we ordered that wasn't ours, hostess told us our waiter's name would be Jen but it was actually Nick) - but those kind of things are NOT a big deal, and you have to expect that when you go to a new restaurant. Onto the food and wine... they have a NICE wine list which I was impressed with -- lots of choices that I haven't seen at other restaurants, at least by the glass (I love me some Bonny Doon wine! No, not like Boone's. Very different :/), and my husband was stoked at their beer choices. We skipped apps to make sure we'd have room for dessert, and our waiter brought over some house made focaccia knots and crazy sundried tomato/herb oil. DO NOT SKIP THIS. I repeat - Atkins, Paleo, gluten issues -- whatever, DON'T skip this part of the meal -- it was soooo good. I am not a big bread eater but I ate 2 1/2 knots because they were just so flavorful, warm, and perfectly seasoned. The oil had big chunks of sundried tomato in it, which I really enjoyed as well. Then, their 'wine person', Cynthia, (read: sommelier, but they're not all 'noses in the air' busting out that word in case people don't know what one is - I liked that!) came over and asked us if we had any questions about wine, etc. We already had drinks, but I appreciated this and haven't seen it in a restaurant on island before -- not even at La Mer (they do have a sommelier, but he doesn't just come over randomly). I ordered the salmon flatbread with brie, dill, and garlic butter ($14) after reading good things about it on yelp, and my husband ordered the braised beef short rib trio (beef short ribs three different ways and with different garnishings, $29). When our dishes came out, my initial glass of wine was (lo and behold) empty - and when our waiter asked if I'd like another glass, I requested the 'wine lady', who came over immediately. She gave me two recommendations (a white blend and a pinot noir) and brought me generous tastings of each. I went with the pinot noir, which went perfectly with my dinner, and joked with my husband that the glasses she chose were likely fairly expensive - but we shrugged and decided to go with it. In fact, when we saw the bill, the glass that she recommended was one of the least expensive on the menu (I think $6 or $7). This shows me that their wine person isn't just into up-selling -- and, in fact, knows her stuff. I would come back again JUST because of this. But we're not done yet... The salmon flatbread had great flavor. Warning - there is a LOT of garlic butter on it - so if you're watching your fat intake (like I'm supposedly doing), it may not be the best dish to try. The braised short rib trio was boneless and very tender. There were subtle flavor differences between the three preparations, and all were very good. The sides that came with each chunk of meat were unique as well (sweet potato puree, corn/risotto cake, and bean sprouts/watercress). Finally, we ordered dessert -- the Bavarian chocolate mousse cake and the lychee basil sorbet. OH MY GOSH these were so freaking good. Our waiter was sure to tell us that the mousse cake had bailey's in it (clearly someone is reading yelp reviews -- good on them! An earlier review mentioned that this wasn't mentioned and someone was allergic to alcohol), and I could, no joke, eat 5 servings of this mousse cake. It was one of the best desserts I've ever had, and MAY even trump Roy's molten chocolate flourless cake. The texture was perfect, there was variety in each of the four layers, and was just delicious. EAT THIS. The lychee basil sorbet was really yummy as well, and very unique. I enjoyed the contrast between that and the mousse cake. It's pretty rare for me to give five stars to new restaurant -- but this place deserves it in my opinion. I'll definitely be back! Yelp 365 challenge #29/365
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,3/29/2012,76,140,4,8,10>Our first time here, and we loved it!  When we arrived at the door, we happened to bump into the owner, Dan.  Introductions was made and I found him to be very friendly and personable. We were there for a friend's going away party and he even got her a lei (we were expected to come)!The place itself has great ambiance.  A tee bit small, but the people are friendly.  It's casual, and the owner and bartenders would sing karaoke.  The drinks that were visibly listed were one of THE BEST that the SO had.  The owner's kumquat/shiso creation was really yummy, as well as the lychee martini.  It goes down really smooth and the alcohol taste was barely noted.  The SO recommends getting their specialty drinks.If you love karaoke, great drinks, and a relaxing atmosphere, this is the place for you.  You will not find it driving on Koa Ave, you will have to walk to actually see this hole-in-the-wall gem.  If you hear someone singing Elvis Presley at the bar, do the Y sign (to signal you are a yelper), introduce yourself, and I'll get you one on me.  Happy Yelping!!!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,3/28/2012,128,129,5,6,6>One of the better local breakfast places I've been to in Hawaii. Unfortunately it is too popular so it is super crowded. Lots of tourists which is usually a minus for me but for this place I can slightly overlook this problem.  Living most of my life on the windward side, I was surprised that I have never eaten here. I finally conquered it.     My friends and I attacked four different dishes, The Red Velvet pancakes.  Eggs Benedict, Crab Cakes Benedict and Guava Chiffon Pancakes for dessert. The Red Velvet was interesting. tasted like red velvet cake. I'm not a big fan of Red velvet. I think its a girl thing. I know its a chemical reaction to vinegar too so that kind of turns me off but these pancakes were good regardless.   Eggs Benedict and Crab Cake Benedict were both solid dishes. Eggs Benedict is a simple dish except for the sauce and there was nothing wrong with it. The Crab cakes were very good. I could really taste the crab. I dislike it when there is too much filler but this one was pretty good and creative. The hash brown that came with it was ok. It was kind of burnt.    Dessert was interesting. I found out that there is a Guy rule of "no sharing desserts amongst guys" that day. I wanted to try there famous Guava Chiffon Pancakes for dessert with Ice cream. I wanted to share because I knew it was going to be big. The Guy Rule was thrown in my face by my friend so I had to order it on my own. Yes it was big even for a short stack. I love the Guava syrup but there is just too much of it. I would suggest having it on the side.  The pancakes very fluffy enough to simulate a chiffon effect and it tasted even better with the ice cream. Honestly its not a spectacular dish but its very solid.    The price was decent and the waitress was excellent especially considering it was crowded. I did NOT like the 45 min wait but I was on vacation so I didn't care as much. I also don't like that there were too many tourists but hey, they are probably helping to pay for some of my salary so I can't complain that much. I would recommend that you try this place at least once.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,3/27/2012,77,74,8,12,9>This is the first time I've ever had a real massage that wasn't just my daughter stepping on my back, and now I understand why people get these things!The thought of paying a stranger to touch me has always made me cringe, but for the New Year my hunny wanted to treat me so I agreed.  The masseuse that I had was Stephanie and she was pretty amazing. She asked me where she should focus and I gave her my answer which was carefully scripted by my hunny... "Shoulder's, neck, back and cyatic nerve (sp?)..."  (remember this was my first so I didn't know where to start... Lol)She carefully stretched my muscles out and began.  With great consistent pressure she worked from my shoulders down, by the time she was half way down my back I drifted off... I think I was dead for a little bit... There was angelic music, a white light and of course that feeling of floating...  When she was done she had successfully turned me into a soggy noodle on ecstasy...Will I be back? Shit yeah!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,3/26/2012,161,142,5,9,7>I'm a new fan of Izakaya Tairyo!Thanks to Restaurant "X" around the corner that said they were too busy to take us, we were able to try Izakaya Tairyo and am soooo happy we did!I felt like I was in Japan, even though I've never been to Japan before. Well lit, with colorful painted walls. The ambiance felt like a party when we walked in. **Happy Hour! Every Sunday through Thursday from 5 pm - 6:30 pm.** Drink specials $2 Kirin draft, plum wines for $2 and get this...20% of ALL food! That's pretty darn awesome! Our tastes of the evening:*Tako Karaage ~ I love tako karaage and this was simply divine! Served with a piece of lemon and slightly grilled shishito pepper. Tako was crispy, tender meat and just the right amount of salt.*Chicken Wings ~ I don't like chicken wings because it's so much work to eat and messy. Hard to be lady like gnawing on a chicken wing, but I ended up trying it and loved it. Reminded me of garlic chicken with a little kick.*Tairyo Nokke Sushi ~ 6 pieces of kappa (cucumber) maki topped off with ikura, crab and uni! YUMMERS! I don't care for cucumber, but this was good. Uni was so creamy and sweet like Hayden mango! *Ume and Mentaiko Chazuke ~ Oishiii! Oishiii! It's hard to screw up ume, mentaiko chazuke. So comforting...This is definitely one of my new fav spots. Loved it, loved it, loved it!!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,3/25/2012,145,143,5,8,8>Spanish rolls!  The mere mention of them will stop me dead in my tracks.....so when I saw them at The Windward Farmers Market that's what I did.  Not only did we get the Spanish rolls, but also the manapua and Portuguese sausage pastry.  The Spanish rolls are filled in the middle with butter and sugar.....different from Nandings.  Personally I like the Nandings Spanish rolls better when they are warm, I like Manny's better at room temp.  My husband prefers Manny's Spanish rolls.....I think because the dough is so soft, sweet and not heavy at all.  You can't go wrong with the manapua and Portuguese sausage pastry, not only because they taste great, but the price was only $1.00 each!Thank you Manny for coming to Kaneohe with your delicious pastry so I don't need to drive all the waaaay out to Waipahu ;)Yelp 365 Challenge:  #23/365
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,3/24/2012,407,93,6,13,11>Yakitori Glad is a new restaurant that had it's soft opening and invitation banquets this past weekend.  It is a Japanese franchise that specializes in a menu that provides all menu items- including food and drinks all at the same low price of $3.90. Damnnn, $3.90 drinks all night long of sake, shochu, umechu, iichiko, kirin draft~ who could go wrong!  Their draft or "nama" as Japanese people call it come in 3 different sizes as well. A small mug, medium, or large- but to get the bang for the buck who wouldn't go with the LARGE! Another thing about Yakitori Glad's yakitori that set's them apart from other places is that their yakitori is what you would call "JUMBO" size.  It is crazy. I got pretty full off of 2 orders (each order comes with 2 sticks) There menu is pretty vast you can check it out on their website (yakitori-glad.com) In Japan, it's not unusual for people to be waiting and waiting outside the door in lines for their yakitori, and everything is meant to be specially prepared and cooked when ordered. So do expect a type of wait, since Hawaii people do like to enjoy and cruiseeeee along eating and relaxing talking story.  It's a small restaurant!! Well worth the cost and wait though.. Maybe give it a few days to cool off from the excitement of opening and then try it~
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,3/23/2012,1750,731,10,18,16>ON THE HUNTMy friend JJ and I were searching high and low for breakfast one weekday morning. We were on the hunt SPECIFICALLY for breakfast foods, so there was nothing that lunch could fix for us at 11am.We initially headed down to Morning Glass, but decided against settling there because they didn't have ANY breakfast foods! WTF. Long story short: Yelp saved the day AGAIN by "suggesting" Sweet E's Cafe, which both JJ and I had never been to. I DO IT ALL THE TIMEBreakfast is my favorite meal of the day; I do it in the morning, I do it in the afternoon, and I do it at night. I'm telling you, I'm so easily won over by eggs and meat, it's ridiculous. And Sweet E's has everything I need. At Sweet E's, breakfast is served ALL DAY. Yes, ALL DAY! From 7am-3:30pm, daily!! Lunch starts at 11am BTW, but who really cares about lunch... JK.KILOHANA SQUARESweet E's Cafe is located off of Kapahulu Ave, in Kilohana Square. It's a quaint little restaurant that could be easily overlooked. (Ex - I go to Calvin and Susie for pet goods all the time and I NEVER noticed Sweet E's hiding in that small, little corner.) And because Sweet E's is located in Kilohana Square, there's a pretty good amount of free parking... No need to pay the meter on the street. (Woohoo!)EGGS BENEDICTThe Eggs Benedict was the first and last thing I spotted on the menu. (I actually don't even recall opening up my menu at all.) I was debating between the Traditional (Canadian Bacon) Eggs Benedict and the Corned Beef Hash Eggs Benedict, so I had our server help me choose. He said that the Corned Beef Hash Eggs Bene is probably the better choice bc the Corned Beef Hash is really good AND homemade. I'm really glad I listened to our server and went with the CBH Eggs Bene. It was definitely the way to go, and I will most likely order this version of Eggs Bene the next time I dine here. BTW, go with the herb roasted potatoes as your starch bc they are absolutely delicious!! JJ kept picking them off my plate! yelp.com/biz_photos/ozN2…*Looking back on my Eggs Bene dilemma, I really should have chosen the CBH right off the bat anyway... Think about it! Corned Beef Hash + Eggs Benedict = Bliss!!EXTREME MESSJJ ordered the Extreme Mess. I have no idea what it was, but it looked like some kind of omelette with an "extreme mess" of stuff in there... Lots of veggies, hash browns (?), meat, etc. mixed up in that eggy dish. I took a picture of it; it looks very fulfilling: yelp.com/biz_photos/ozN2… I had a pretty nice-sized bite, and it was scrumptious!VERDICTI highly recommend Sweet E's for all your breakfast fantasy needs. The breakfast serving hours are incredible: ALL DAY! And you may just run into a few cool Yelpers like Kyle H., Lori I., and Emi H. like I did! ;) Yelp 365 - #143/365
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,3/22/2012,173,319,5,8,9>I've ALWAYS liked W & M Burgers.  My grandparents used to take us here once in awhile growing up and since then, when I'm near by, I'll stop by for a burger, fries, and a crab salad.  My grandma just loved the crab salad.  Sometimes, it can be a bit too mayonnaise-y, but it's still pretty good.  Their fries are da bomb!  Just enough thickness, salty-ness, and crunchy-ness. My favorite sandwich here is the deluxe, which comes with tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and cheese. ( I think)  The burger is bb-qed and sauced with delicious-ness.  Yumm!! I like adding a bit of light mayo to it too.  mmmm... There's always a good crowd here and parking is a bit tricky, so do plan on that.  there's a paid parking log by city mill and a short walk over, so that helps alleviate the tight lot in front of W&M.  This mom & pop burger joint delivers great taste and their customer service is friendly and old school.   Just writing this review makes me wanna go eat this meal.  I'd definitely recommend this place for anyone in the area craving a burger.  They also have hot dogs. Which I haven't tried because I'm loyal to what I like. But if you've tried the hot dog, do tell us how it is!! Yelp 365 Challenge: 87/365 "The mom & pop burger"
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,3/21/2012,483,369,3,8,4>Stumbled (figuratively) upon this place while walking around Waikiki during the Pro Bowl Block Party taking Photos and although the Beer Gardens were quite busy I decided to go find somewhere less busy I walked back to Izakaya Tako-No-Ki that I saw earlier and scanned the menu looked good so up I went. Okay I'm the only local and only non-fully Japanese speaker in there ok uh must be good then? I sat down and ordered the Big Asahi and The Spicy Fried Chicken Wing to which they asked how many I didn't quite get it at the time but realized it after I got my order $3 for ONE Chicken wing not wings it was good but a bit pricey. I also ordered the Tako Poke which was cut in big chunks from the Sushi Bar display it was really good . The last Item I ordered was the Saba Shioyaki which was almost half a Saba that was very tasty.So after two Big Asahi's I was ready to head back out to the Block party to wander around and sober back up. With a total bill of around $44 a bit expensive but about normal for a Izakaya. Service was pretty quick and just what I wanted a quiet place to eat and drink a few.Next time I end up there I'd like to try the Okonomiyaki watching them     make it looked really good.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,3/20/2012,275,84,5,6,6>FRIED RICE! Well first, pies. Everyone knows Sunnyside for the pies, especially the chocolate cream pies. Coworkers are always happy when I managed to wake up at the buttcrack of dawn and bring one of them in. But three words will ensure that my heart belongs to Sunnyside: Fried. Rice. Special. I've loved it from the hanabata days - a moderately sized mound of fried rice, topped with one egg made to order, and a hot dog on the side. "I can get fried rice, eggs and hotdogs anywhere - what's the big deal?" Yes, you could ... but you can't get Sunnyside fried rice just anywhere. With all the breakfast options between Wahiawa and metro Honolulu, this is still the best fried rice in the morning. I've got townie friends who conceptualize "Wahiawa" as one big restaurant called "Sunnyside." It's *that* memorable.Three things about the fried rice special, though:1) Because it's so popular, the price is starting to creep up - it'll set you back about $6 now. For the amount of food you get, it's a moderate value, but it's a far cry from the $3-$4 it used to be a while back. (I know, life changes, it happens.)2) Because it's so popular, the fried rice special is only available in the mornings. Get there before 8am to be sure you can get your hands on some fried rice. The closer it gets to 9am, the more of a gamble you're taking. 3) In the span of 2 days, I've been asked at least 3 times, "... so, where's the bacon?" And honest, it's *never* occurred to me to ask for bacon instead of the hotdog for this bacon lover. I've gotta give it a try to see what happens next time.Drawbacks: parking is limited; can be hard to find; fried rice a bit pricey; CASH ONLYPositives: BEST.FRIED.RICE.; everything else is affordable on the menu; great vibe (laid-back Wahiawa mom-and-pop restaurant style with the seating inside); oh yeah, I've heard they have pies or somethingWould I ever come back? Only if I wanted delicious fried rice again. Or make some friends/co-workers happy with a chocolate cream/apple/blueberry/etc. pie. It's a PERFECT stop on the way out to North Shore for some ono grinds ... or a PERFECT stop on the way in to town, if you know someone that'll bring it out to you.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,3/19/2012,390,89,5,10,13>First off, they have happy hour from 5-8 on the weekdays.  Half off everything!  DEAL!  Next, their soju is delicious.  I've had all of them, maybe like three times each, at least.  The yogurt is the best, then the melona, then the peach, and then strawberry.  Those are my picks.  Oh, and their new yuzu flavor is pretty interesting too, though it's not on the menu yet.You must try the house special fried chicken!  I love it!  It's like a hen that's been seasoned, fried, and then quartered by a butcher's knife, served with daikon and a salt/pepper combo.  They won't give me the recipe, though I'm still trying...Their "Korean Tacos" are pretty bad ass too.  Ask for the hot sauce if you like it *extra* hot! Kettle corn and kim chee are on the house :)  The owners are usually there and they are extremely accommodating and friendly.  Parking can be an issue sometimes, but the clean bathrooms make up for it.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,3/18/2012,593,140,5,12,7>*THEY ARE NO LONGER LOCATED AT CENTURY CENTER BUT HAS MOVED TO THE SECOND FLOOR OF MCCULLY SHOPPING CENTER*I'm a fan of photobooths ever since I've been introduced to the one they had at Jungle Fun once upon a time. It was always something my friends and I loved to do. Squish ourselves in the booth and feel glamorous!So my sister was the one who found this place out and is a regular here. Everytime I look at her little pictures I mentally make a note that I have to bring my childhood bfs when they come home from college which I finally did and we all had a grand time!How does it work?Basically Fun pix is a place dedicated to all these japanese photobooths. You can walk around and check out the different booths because they all have different "themes" and different "layouts" in the booth.  When you have decided which one you want to go into you pay first ($8 per booth) and let the guy know which one and he'll do something which starts the screen in the booth. Heres where it gets nuts..The screen will throw you many options for random things such as "soft or sharp features" (of course soft giving that glowy/flawless effect. Then they have you choose up to 6 different frames (think fast cuz it goes by super fast!)Then they start counting down for the picture to take for all the frames! After all 6 or 7 photos have been taken, you can select 4-6 of your favorite ones and when you're done you head to the decorating/printing screen that it informs you about in the BEGINNING before you choose your selections of setting/frames so pay attention!.So you get to design your pictures with all sorts of exciting things and the timer on for this one is for ALL your pictures. Depending on which booth you are at some will let you decide before or after you decorate your photos on how you'd like to print your pictures so that you can share it with your friends (the smaller the sticker photo the more you'll get on one sheet)Then if you want they have little tables with tin cans with scissors in them for you to cut your pictures up and divide amongst you and your friends.Its super exciting so I would recommend anyone to just give this place a try! So again, it is now located in McCully shopping center which is better because there are so many other things you can do before or after and the parking is free (if you're lucky enough to find parking)Tip: Bring props if you want!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,3/17/2012,243,146,3,7,5>Who knew that Julie'z was open for breakfast?  AND had red velvet pancakes?!  I certainly didn't.  I was curious, so I ordered some.  I also got the longanisa with eggs and rice.  My Filipino side shows at Julie'z, for realios.  I just had breakfast at Cinnamons last week so the red velvet pancakes are fresh in my mind for comparison.  At Cinnamons, it tastes like you're eating a red velvet cupcake for breakfast.  The pancake batter is dense. They also drizzle some thin, cream cheese flavored syrup on top.At Julie'z, you get actual red velvet flavored pancakes.  They feel like pancakes but taste like red velvet with some cinnamon notes in the back.  It comes with a huuuge scoop of cream cheese frosting which is TO-DIE-FOR.  It makes the dish, no doubt.  I was afraid it was just going to be me eating red pancakes, but no, I definitely taste flavor going on in here.  Who wins the battle of red velvet pancake?  Julie'z.  For real.  And their longanisa wasn't bad either!  No need to drive all the way to Kailua to get a fix.Knock a star off cause the place could use a little bit of soap and elbow grease.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,3/16/2012,82,144,,19,1>Suki is my 3rd lash esthetician now and I cannot see ever leaving her. She is caring and gentle, and very good at what she does. Not only that she is very affordable. My first lashist was very good also, but more expensive and, probably the nicest way to say it, is she was less available. The second lashist I saw should have been a pro...she had many, many years of experience and even was recommended on yelp. That experience was painful the entire time I was on the bed and for weeks afterward. Searching for someone I could count on to not butcher my eyelashes and/or blind me but still be available enough to see me when I need to be seen continued...Suki was interestingly recommended by two people I barely know but I decided to give her a try. She answered my call the first time I called her and scheduled me the next day. She was on-time for our appointment, even though she had a client right before me. She assessed my horrible lashes and what I wanted then proceeded to remove as much as she could. She then applied a new set of silk lashes that look so freakishly real, my best friend of 25 years couldn't tell them from my natural lashes. Even when I told her they were extensions and she got an up-close look, she couldn't see where the extensions started and my natural lash was enhanced. I can't tell either...I love them. Cost, you ask? Well, that all depends on what you want. I like them very full and I use the more "expensive" silk lashes. She always asks, "what's your budget?" because she is considerate like that...she aims to give you what you want in within your budget. I can say that I spend considerably less money with her and am so pleased with her work. She truly is a good value.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,3/15/2012,185,168,3,7,7>JJ's is between a 3.5 - 4.  I met up with some of my family to have lunch here one day.  While I waited for my cousin to finish getting ready I decided to Yelp this place to read some of the reviews and of course, look at the yummy pictures.  I told my cousin to put some pep in her step when I nearly drooled all over myself from staring at the 100 or so pictures because I was ready to eat!We were the second table there and good thing we got there right when they opened because they quickly got busy.  We all decided we were going to share a couple of dishes between the 5 of us so that we could taste a little of everything.  We ordered the cheese pizza (my little cousin won't eat anything but a plain cheese pizza), the lao pizza, and 2 of the 4 course menu.  Both with the laotian rock n' roll for the appetizer and for the entree the fisherman pot pie and the lobster ravioli.  Service was excellent and they planned each course precisly to when we were finished.  They were even so nice as to give us extra utensils and plates since we were sharing everything.  The cream of corn and crab soup was ok.  It was a little watery, but I liked that there was a slight hint of corn and crab.  Subtle flavors are sometimes the best kind.  For the appetizer I really liked the roll.  The lemon grass curry flavored chicken was so good!  I only wish they had more than just two pieces or that they made them at least a little bigger.  The picture on the menu featured about 6 or so, but I'm guessing that was geared towards if you were to get the actual appetizer.  The salad that accompanied it was also excellent and I liked their salad dressing (made in house).  For our entrees everything was beautifully plated.  I didn't take any pictures of it since there are already so many up on Yelp, but extra points on the plating!  I really loved the green curry sauce that was used for the pot pie.  Again the green curry flavor was very subtle and the right hint of spice.  If I had a baguette I would be dipping it in the sauce it was so good.  The puff pastry (I thought it was more of a Napolean style, rather than a pot pie) added great texture to the dish because every bite was flaky, not just the top like how it is in a traditional pot pie.  The lobster ravioli was also very good.  The ravioli was stuffed with cheese and then the lobster tail is on top of the ravioli.  You get to choose between a white or red sauce.  We went for the white, but I wish we went with the red because the white sauce lacked in comparison to the green curry.  The lao pizza was very tasty and it is definitely a personal pan size.  But they cut it in several pieces for us so that everyone could try a slice.  I didn't eat the cheese pizza, but I'm guessing it was good because my cousin ate it all.  For dessert we shared the banana haupia and the lilikoi chiffon cake.  Each was garnished with a creme brule.  The outside of the banana haupia cake was very dry, but the inside was awesome!  Everyone liked the lilikoi chiffon cake, but I thought it was a bit too rich for my taste.  What I did like was that creme brule!!  Holy smokes is it good... dip a tangerine in that sucker and you'll be thanking me for it.Everything was really great here and I had a good first time experience.  The only thing I wish there was more of was food!  The portions were a bit small and my stomach actually started rumbling an hour and a half later, but I like a chef who focuses on food quality, not quantity, and one that doesn't just make food that looks good it tastes good as well!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2012,3/13/2012,231,162,9,12,8>Going to Dash makes me feel like I'm cheating on Home Bar.Dash is new, clean, and really chill.  There are tables, dart boards in the back, and a nice lounge area in the front with couches.  In a way, Dash reminds me of Home Bar with different but just as equally yummy food.  Like Rod U. mentioned, Dash seems more like a bar to me than a gastropub, but I'm not an expert.  I guess it doesn't matter to me because I don't drink beer and I don't drink frou-frou mixed drinks.  I think straight-up Stoli Elit goes great with everything.Beef Sashimi - Ooh, this stuff is guuuud.  I'm usually squirrelly when it comes to raw beef, but it's seasoned very well and melts in your mouth!  Just keep in mind that the portion size is super duper cute; it looks bigger in the pictures.  It comes out to like, $1 a slice, but so good.  Definitely worth trying!Salmon Crudo - Light and refreshing, and it's not fishy at all!  I wish they used smaller dollops of the wasabi aioli because it was a bit overpowering at times, but I I would definitely order this dish again.  It reminds me of a chic version of Yanagi's salmon onion salad dish.Garlic Bacon Fried Rice - I didn't really taste the garlic, probably because it was overpowered by the massive ton of bacon they put in this stuff.  The tsukemono adds a very nice touch.  If you love bacon, you'll love this fried rice.Dynamite Chicken - Good, standard dynamite chicken.  Nothing special or mind-blowing amazing, but good.Poke - Good.  It wasn't life changing, but the fish was fresh and they used good cuts of fish.  None of that white stringy sinewy stuff in the poke, which was nice.Kettle Chips - Fat pandas likes this stuff.  I didn't want to share it with the rest of my group.  The kettle chips are very light and crispy, not too greasy, and they're served with strawberry guava ketchup.  I would come back just for the kettle chips.  I also want to order this to-go and sneak it into the movies.Lychee Haupia Pudding - Interesting.  I'll leave it at that.The service at Dash is fantastic!  The servers are very nice, quick, and quite knowledgeable with the food and drink menu.  Unfortunately, parking sucks at Dash.  Free street parking in this neighborhood is hard to come by.  Otherwise, it's $4 for valet and $3 across the street in the CPB lot.  I really don't want to compare Dash to Home Bar, but I can't help it.  They're different and special in their own ways, but both have awesome food, chill atmosphere, great service, and terrible parking.  I wouldn't say one is better than the other; it just makes me want to have a foodie threesome with Home Bar and Dash.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,3/12/2012,186,203,5,11,9>The first thing that struck me about Genius Lounge was the feeling that you are being hosted at an old friend's place.  The ambiance here is very swanky, warm, relaxed, and the guys who work here really treat you like old friends.  I've never felt so "at home" while dining out before.  Genuinely nice and easy going people. This is the perfect place for a girls' night out or a romantic date, where you can actually hear each other in conversation. My girlfriends and I are not big drinkers, but we did partake in the homemade sangria which was served on ice and with a straw.  Totally refreshing and *sweet*, just the way I like it.  We tried a bunch of different items including the popular citrus pepper chicken, kabocha with bacon, fried octopus, fries, and some kind of pasta with tiny fish eggs (forgot the name).  My absolute favorite dish was the kabocha with bacon and garlic...I am LITERALLY salivating as I write this review now.  Even when it came to the table it smelled positively wonderful, and it tasted even better than it smelled! I definitely recommend this dish.  The dish that surprised me most was the pasta dish.  It was the perfect texture and subtly flavored but when it was gone I was wanting more, which is always a good sign.  There are so many other items on the menu that I want to try so another visit to Genius Lounge is a must. The only reason this place doesn't get five stars is because for me, it was a little pricey for the small portions.  Quality however is not lacking, and it is very evident that they prepare their food with thought, care and pride.  OH! And how could I forget the Genius parfait!  That was the best part!  This dessert is totally unique and delicious, and our server handmade it, meticulously.  He even told us (jokingly) not to yelp about it cause it takes so much work, but this dessert is too good not to share about!  (sorry server guy, but you did too good of a job on our dessert!)After hearing such wonderful things from Sonia S. and Cin T. about Genius Lounge, and when LesliAnn K. said that she ate here twice in one week, I knew I had to FINALLY try Genius Lounge, and I'm really glad I did! Thanks again to my yelpy friends for steering me the right direction, once again!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,3/11/2012,676,463,8,13,9>I have no idea how my mom does it but she can eat Chinese food all day everyday!  She owns a Chinese restaurant and when she goes out to eat, it's always Chinese food.  The day after Christmas was her ONLY day off this entire year and lo and behold, she wanted to try Jade Dynasty for dinner.  We didn't have reservations but really, who needs one for a party of four at a Chinese restaurant?!  Apparently, Jade Dynasty does because we had to wait for a table.  It was no biggie because the wait was short and more power to them to ensure their reservations had a table instead of squeezing us in.  Jade Dynasty resembled a good but typical restaurant in China.  The interior of the place was really nice...I thought I was back on the motherland.   I loved the lights above the bar because it changed colors which mesmerized someone like me with a short attention span.  The bathrooms could use some work though because it was dirty, gross.My mom thought the menu was short.  It's not as extensive as other seafood restaurants.  We ordered the cold ginger chicken, dried scallop soup, braised beef and tendon casserole, baby bok choy and mushrooms, and fish fillet with choy sum.  Our food arrived quickly and everything was very good.  My favorite was the cold ginger chicken because the chicken is free-range and fresh; you can definitely tell the difference.  The bok choy dish was a bit on the smaller side and the sauce was too thick for our liking but still tasted good.  Our fish dish was overly salty and we ended up with snow peas instead of choy sum.  The snow peas were sparse for that dish...bummer.  For dessert, the manager recommended the mango pudding.  I don't really care for that stuff unless it's house made but Jade Dynasty's mango pudding was some good shiz!  Definitely house made so it's creamy and soft unlike other restaurant where it has the resemblance of jello.  It was so good I ate one and a half bowls...don't judge!  After all was said and done, it was $84 for the four of us.  We didn't get charged for the desserts and it think it's because my mom and grandma were both gaga-ing over the manager that was serving us throughout our meal.  Service was top notch for a Chinese restaurant and it should be for the price and ambiance.  They did not miss a beat when it came to changing plates, refilling water/tea, and getting whatever else we needed.  Overall, I enjoyed my meal.  I don't know when I'll be back again because I can't really taste the difference between really good and mediocre Chinese food but maybe for dim sum one day.  Mango pudding, I still dream of you...
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,3/10/2012,231,559,10,13,14>Yelp Challenge 365 # 68/365I will preface my review with a couple things and they are 1) Kona Kai has been bookmarked for some time as I've seen many nice and good review by my fellow Yelpers, 2) my 1 + Marko C is visiting from LA and insists on nothing other than sushi, 3) my review will focus in addition to the food, other attributes in favor of Kona Kai. I sum up the food simply:  FRESH, FANTASTIC AND FIVE STAR WORTH. We had the omakase which consisted of at least 18 types of sushi (lost count after 10). Cut sized sushi enough to tease your pallete with the exquisite flavors and textures of fish from around the world.  My top SIX in order of delight (1 being my favorite of the evening) are:  Kinmedai Japan Golden Eye Snapper (Tai), Spanish Blue fin, Shikoku Japan Shima Aji (Papio), Hokkaido scallop (fresh ouf out the shell), Japan Blue Shrimp topped with Black Fish Egg (Tobiko), and New Zealand oyster, served ice cold on a half shell topped with marinated fish egg (Ikura).Few comments on my picks: Kihmedai Snapper my favorite for its texture, Spanish Blue fin for the "tuna" related qualities, yet fatty like a hamachi, Blue Shrimp; sweet, but not as sweet as the Ama Ebi; the black tobiko brought the blue shrimp flavor out and the Oyster? well- what can I say? Ice cold topped with a very nice lite marinated ikura was like the desert of my selections.The location:  Terrific BECAUSE of the PARKING... I am the parking control police and its' one of my criteria when I have a toss of choice of restaurant (ample parking will tip the scale).The service:  I sat on the counter; which should be a must at any sushi bar. Got to know and understand our selections by the clear descriptions from our sushi chef James.  The ambiance: quaint (if there was ever a quaint sushi bar?); floor staff just as polite and attentive to the counter patrons. They made sure the empty plates were removedOverall:  A definite repeat. I'm waiting for my brother to visit because he is my sibling sushi partner.Price? Not sure; ,may end up editing this review with more information. That said, some things in life are PRICELESS
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,3/9/2012,183,197,5,9,8>A (huge to me) plate lunch for less then 8 bucks. SOLD!I was running errands for work near by and figured I'd check out the places to eat near my friend's job. (He works at Matoi's). I happen to find a streeet stall (the closest meter parking to Tsukenjos), threw a quater in the meter and wondered about.Not sure why I stop there, rather then walk a bit further but I am sure glad I did.I got their mix 2 choice plate; shoyu chicken & hamburger steak.OMG! I love their shoyu chicken. You see, I am a really bad chicken-on-the-bone eater. I waste a lot of meat because frankly, I am to lazy and a little to OCD to get dirty. (Ribs & Wings are also a no-go for me). Their meat literally falls off the bone. I can hashi out the skin & bones and BOOYAH. Meat & clean fingers! It was so good I ended up stoping by the next day to get lunch for my coworker.The hamburger steak is a bit dry for my style.The Chow fun & corn beef hash thing (on wednesday) has too much veggies not enough Chow fun.The curry stew is hella good too!. Again uber soft meat.Their mac salad is super yummy; black pepper seems to be the kick.The roast pork is a bit salt for me, but my Go-To Plus 1 said that, "it's Filipino salty, so I like it"
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,3/8/2012,187,273,9,8,9>Why does Hawaiian food always give you kanak attack? After eating all of that food, I needed a nap. I didn't know what I've been missing. Da Pokeman is probably one of the better Hawaiian food spots on the island (that isn't a baby luau when your Hawaiian family from another island is cooking everything). My friend Shantel V. has told me several times that I should check this place out since my bf lives in Mililani and they have very few food options. I ordered the #3 combo: laulau, kalua pig, chicken long rice, lomi salmon, rice and poi, salt and onion. ($9.95). You have choice of laulau, either butter fish or corn beef, I got the butter fish. They make it just the way I like it, with a good portion of luau leaves to protein. Kalua pig was really good too. Most places have it either too wet or too dry.... this was good. Maybe it's because we were the first customers there and the food was just cooked, but everything was really good. We will definitely be coming back, especially because I have two more groupons to use :) Even after those half off deals are gone we'll probably be stopping here instead of Tamura's for poke before heading to the beach on the north shore.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,3/7/2012,298,227,7,10,9>Nico's at Pier 38 is a cool fresh fish plate lunch style place. I pride my self in that I "discovered" Nico's soon after it opened. That was before Diners, drive-ins and dives.  I took my wife there for breakfast and we loved it. It wasn't very crowded then. I was so thrilled with finding something so different that I singled handedly stopped everyone that I ran into and told them about Nico's. This was way before anyone knew where Pier 38 was.It is much more crowded now. Often has a line out the door and no free tables. Coincidence?? I'm not sure but there now is an  annual Pier 38 fishing festival with special bus service to bring in the crowds. I used to get the breakfast sandwich on croissant or the fish omelet. Both are very good. Limited menu but some of it doesn't have anything to do with fresh fish. People seem to love the locomoco but think about it. A French chef making locomoco. It is just not right. Lunch fish items are worth trying out.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,3/6/2012,731,1118,6,12,9>Five stars...to give less than that would be an insult to a great establishment. Sushi Izakaya Gaku is one of those establishments that live up to the hype Yelp sets before it by conjuring up fantastic food, a great ambiance, and most importantly a high level of service that makes for an amazing dining experience. Even before you enter the restaurant there are high hurdles to overcome which make me deduct a star. They only take reservations for seating before 7:00 pm and if you go on a busy night the wait after that can be a bit long. So how did they overcome the loss of the star? Great food.Actually to call the food at Gaku great is diminishing their menu, it is amazing. They offer a fantastic selection of Japanese fare along with their personal takes on some menu items. Let's be honest, would you really expect to find eye popping large oysters topped with herbs, butter and panko at a Japanese restaurant? Well Gaku has it and it was bites of sheer heaven with herbs complementing the ocean taste of the oyster is a perfect harmony that would make angels scream from the heavens. The fresh fish served sashimi style is perfectly cut and amazingly fresh. You truly can taste the freshness in their high quality fish which is well worth the price and the cut is beautifully executed. Let's me not forget to mention their tempura which is served perfectly cooked and hot upon delivery nor the sushi which is of a very high standard that would make an Iron Chef go "good" with a heavy Japanese accent. The meats are cooked to perfection with the lamb being grilled to a nice char and perfectly pink in the center, complemented with a sauce that I could lick the bowl clean. Let me go out on a limb and say that if something on their menu catches your eye, you certainly will not be disappointed. Oh, and if that isn't enough, they have a great sake selection. Not wide ranging expansive but hitting the high notes and in a plethora of flavors and price points that will make you happy.Service is top notch with food arriving in a perfect orchestration and with the staff quickly coming in and out to refill water/tea (which never went empty on the occasions I've gone) and bringing fresh plates depending on the course. They also know their menu inside out and can help you with your selections if you are at a loss or don't know what omakase or chanko nabe is. The location is fantastic right off King street before Keeaumoku. While they have a few parking stalls in the back of the restaurant, they do fill up quickly so plan on parking on the street or pay a couple of bucks to park in the First Interstate building across the street. Yelp has made it the number 1 Japanese spot in town and it certainly is worth of such a distinction.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,3/5/2012,291,218,9,22,8>I went here for my second Brazilian wax.  The first one I had done was at Desire Salon & Spa for $55, which I thought was great, but the price was a bit too much for regular monthly visits...  Olivia charges $45 which is extremely reasonable for this type of service (trust me, I did a LOT of googling and yelping when researching salons that offered Brazilian waxes).  This is as cheap as it gets for a QUALITY Brazilian wax.  CASH OR CHECK ONLY.Olivia no longer works inside of a salon.  She now has her very own, spacious location off of Pensacola.  There is limited parking, but I didn't have any problems when I went and parking is free!I would highly recommend booking at least 1&1/2-2 weeks in advance for your appointment.  I'm big on planning, so if you want a really good appointment time, book in advance.  You can email, text, or leave her a voicemail (I prefer texting).  Sometimes she doesn't respond immediately, so I'll resend the text a few hours later and she'll respond.  Since expanding to her own location, she now works way more hours.  Before, since she was a working student, she would only work about 3 days a week which made getting an appointment a bit difficult.  Olivia is very nice and welcoming.  If it's your first appointment, you'll have to sign a waiver form.  The process itself is really quick.  For me, it only took about 15 minutes.  I felt like it was a lot less painful than my first Brazilian wax.  I really feel that this wasn't just because I knew what to expect.  I really felt like the wax she used or the technique (or perhaps a combination of both) really helped the whole process go by quickly and relatively painlessly.  I didn't wince nearly as much as I did the first time, and the waxing process was so quick (but still thorough!).If you're interested in getting a Brazilian wax or want more info on it (I did SO much research before getting my first one)--feel free to send me a message!  I'd post more here on my review of the benefits of Brazilian waxes, but given the "sensitive" subject matter I will refrain.  :)I will, however, say that if you want the best results you should wait at LEAST 4 weeks from shaving or your last wax to come in for a Brazilian wax.  Because of the way the hair grows in "stages/patterns", growing it out will actually help the Brazilian wax last longer.  She will actually recommend you to come back later if your hair isn't long enough.  I could go on and on about this...Anyhow, Olivia was great and very professional and friendly, so I'll definitely be back (in 5 weeks, per her recommendation).  :)
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,3/4/2012,487,140,8,12,8>This little eclectic Italian cafe is tucked away on Alakea street between Mandalay Chinese and Alii Place building (which by the way has the CHEAPEST downtown parking).  You know it when you see the wrought iron gates and an orchestrated mess when you walk in. There's an assortment of mismatched tables, chairs, lamps, wall decor, leopard throws and  hand scribbled paper hanging off clothes lines. The only thing missing is patchouli incense. I admire the guts of the owners to break away from the mainstream, so the decor doesn't bother me in the least. I also enjoy chef's diversity in musical selections playing over the speakers. A lot of it is way out there, but it fits the ambiance. I've been here many, many times and it never disappoints. By far, my #1 item on the menu is the panzanella salad. It is amazingly delicious. I'm a big salad person and this is one of my favorites on Oahu. I think it's priced at $11 but it's pretty big and is a great starter to share with someone else. Sometimes I wish I would go here alone so I could pig out to it all by my lonesome self! Olivia D gives a perfect description of the salad. The lunch menu is pretty set, but they also provide 2 or 3 daily specials that make the rotation. Great picks are the fettuccine or lasagna special, the Radiatore Verde, Italian stir fry, Pollo in Potacchio and the carbonara. Honestly though, everything on the menu is great. The mad scientist...er, chef Robert is a really cool guy. I have been here probably 15 times and I have NEVER EVER heard him yell at his wife. There must be a reason why other Yelpers give him a lot of criticism about this, but I have personally never been a witness to it. In his defense, she is incredibly slow. NO that's not a reason to yell at her, but she can be an airhead sometimes. She tends to forget the little things like sugar for the tea, providing daily specials sheet, etc. I know I have to be patient with her most of the times I've dined here. It's just the chef and wifey running the place though, so it's pretty understandable. After lunch, you are given a bowl full of candy filled with all kinda of goodies. I usually snag a few York peppermint patties and Juicy Fruit gum. Sweet!They also offer a Saturday dinner by reservation only and that too is spectacular. It's usually 4 or 5 courses, including dessert. That menu varies, depending on what the chef feels like. He doesn't tell you what's on the menu, you just have to find out. Fine by me, I love surprises. BYOB, no corkage! CC accepted!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,3/3/2012,184,200,5,8,9>Aloha, If you are reading this you probably are trying to decide on a place to go to try Hawaii's famous shave ice. So let me give you some of my own personal theories on what makes a great shave ice.Da Ice: It all starts with the ice this is the foundation of the shave ice. The block used should be crystal clear with no cloudiness. Some people go for chunk, some go for fine. Why is this important? If the shaved ice isn't fine it won't hold the syrup when poured on top, to big a chunk and its like liquid over an ice cube. Da Syrup: The syrup should be flavorful. Not super sweet but at the same time not watered down. There should be complete coverage with no white parts showing. Da Workers: Super awesome friendly workers are important these are the people that bring everything together. You don't want someone with a stinky attitude serving you, that would just kill the whole experience.Aoki's nails all 3 perfectly. From the super fine ice, the just right syrup to the awesome friendly workers. I know its these 3 things that always brings me back for more.Da Tips:- If you are diabetic they offer sugar free flavors (Strawberry, Banana, Raspberry and Malona).- Get the holder, less mess that way.#Yelp 365 - 001/365Date Visited: 8/1/2011
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,3/2/2012,355,389,3,11,5>I go to the wheatgrass center to buy their Pure Kamut Wheatgrass powder. The wheatgrass is is essentially raw, dehydrated at low temperatures to keep as much of its nutritional integrity intact.Every morning I make a shot of wheatgrass for my husband and I to down immediately after waking up. You are not supposed to eat anything for 1 hour after this shot to maximize the absorption of the nutrients. The kind lady at the center will explain all of this stuff to you in great detail if you tell her that you are new to this stuff. - Get the stamp card. You get 1 free bottle for every 12 you buy. - Get the little blender tool! It really avoids the clumps. It really makes a difference in the taste. My mother's recent blood work came back all normal after taking shots of wheatgrass every morning for a couple months (they were not all normal before).I'm interested in getting the shoes now too.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,3/1/2012,157,226,12,9,9>Chodang? It's more like Chodayumn! Because for the price you sure are getting a dayumn worth while meal. I personally get the combination tofu soon dobu however I've tried the bibimbap,meat jun, and kimchee stew. All are the specials so they are either $4.99 or $5.99- dayumn right?? I just can't seem to order anything else but things on the special menu.  The soon dobu is my favorite- the tofu is soft yet supple and the spiciness is perfect-- a very angry red soup but just what I expect!  The meat jun is no where near Dong Yangs but hey for $4.99 no complaints here.As for service, every time I go I have low expectations so I was seriously surprised when the lady said "Hi baby" to my little one.  However they can work on refilling the water more often especially for those who order spicy soup and giving extra napkins for my runny nose caused by delicious soup!One secret tip: go early in the morning.  Today I went during the 8:00am hour and got good service and good food!  I was one of 2 people there. What's wrong with Korean in the morning?  I'll just eat my cereal for lunch.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,2/29/2012,62,17,11,12,14>I've been here twice now, and I absolutely love it.  This is actually an understatement.  I could barely get through work yesterday afternoon because I couldn't wait for dinner.  It's better than Christmas.  I kind of like to avoid the reviews and the pictures from that month's menu, because that element of surprise is yet another part of this experience.  Eight (including dessert, don't bother asking what it is, just get it) courses of happy, heavenly surprises (the good kind), created right in front of your eyes.I love the attention to detail, the care and precision with which each dish is prepared.  There is a high level of perfectionism here, and it is definitely evident everywhere, from the thoughtful fusion of flavors to the beautiful presentation of each dish.  Even the ceramic ware (all handmade by Nanzan) is amazing.  This place epitomizes the food+art concept and quite simply, just blows your mind.  We nearly cried at course #4, knowing that we were past halfway done.The servers each have their unique, fun, quirky personality and enhance the experience that much more.  They explain each dish in detail (twice, even three times if they need to).  Eventually, I just stopped trying to jot down notes and held up a voice recorder instead.  Thank you for putting up with my weirdness!A side note to the locals: This isn't a stuff-your-face kind of place, so if you're absolutely famished, prepare yourself by eating a cracker or two beforehand.  There is a certain timing and elegance to the portion size and pace at which the food comes, so it could hinder your experience if you're impatiently waiting for the next dish to come.To sum it up: Everyone needs to try this place at least once.  If you love it as much as I do, you'll be back each month.  That's 8 courses x 12 months = 96 amazing little gifts you could be giving yourself a year!  WAY better than Christmas.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,2/28/2012,133,111,5,12,10>We ended up choosing The Mandalay as our reception venue because we love the dim sum here.  You don't get the pushy (in both senses of the word) cart experience but you do get tasty and good quality dim sum.  It's not as cheap as Happy Day, or Empress, or Golden Lion, but I think the taste is superior and the wrappers are never soggy.For my wedding we chose a lunch banquet menu that included har gau (shrimp dumplings), siu mai (pork hash), char siu bao (manapua), potstickers, peking duck in bun, shrimp and honey walnut, beef with asparagus, e-mein with duck meat (don't you love it when they use everything but the quack?), and egg custard tarts.  Price per table of ten was $188 (without tax and tip).  My guests were stuffed and the wait service was polite and on the ball.There's a full bar at the restaurant and since we had an open bar, my guests kept those waiters BUSY.  I got a lot of complements on the food.  There was sooo much of it that every single table ended up taking doggy bags home.Coordination was all done through Linda.  She was very good at answering all my questions and even helped me plan out the timeline.  I contacted her about six months prior to the wedding and put down a $500 deposit.  We met again a month before the wedding to finalize the guest count, table arrangements and menu.  Linda was the best at suggesting substitutions for my non-shellfish eating guests.  I would definitely recommend The Mandalay for dim sum, dinner, and parties.  I'm already planning on having my future baby's one year there!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,2/27/2012,266,263,9,15,13>Believe the hype. It's all true.This place has been number one on Yelp for a reason...actually a ton of reasons.I came here with Thomas O. and I knew I wanted to rent a film camera, I just had no idea which one. Austin, the sales associate, introduced me to my new found love...the Canon EOS-1N. Match made in heaven? I think so!Since I'm practically a noob to film SLRs, he taught me the basics. He also gave me advice about which lenses to use because I was able to use my lenses with the 1N. PERFECTTTT!The price I had to pay to rent for 2 weeks was practically a steal. Originally it would've been about $40 but since Hawaii Photo Rental sometimes gives away store credit on their Twitter page (twitter.com/hawaiiphoto), I got $20 credit from that, plus I checked in on Yelp so that was another $5 credit! Renting a 1N for $24? Damn straight.I've already printed my first roll and it just has been amazing. I'm seriously considering about buying an EOS slr because of Hawaii Photo Rental.I even extended my rental agreement to 3 weeks THROUGH TWITTER because I'm just that impressed.Thanks Hawaii Photo Rental for helping out a film noob like me.Yelp 365 Challenge ???/365
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,2/26/2012,242,46,10,11,9>Daniel Dae Kim spotting!!! Supposedly this is one of his favorite restaurants, so you may get to sit next to him like we did. I tried to be sneaky and take a picture of him but I accidentally left my flash on (guess you could say I was a bit LOST). Embarrassing much!?!! I recommend if you see him here, you don't do that =/Anyywayy, this has got to be the best Japanese food on the island. I told Kyle I would take him anywhere for his birthday, Hy's, Morton's - anywhere, but he picked Imanas Tei (...and now I know why) Edamame - WinningThey're deliciously soft, refreshing alternative to the typical crunchy soybean  Garlic Steak - WinningThe meat is tender and the garlic sauce has the taste of garlic without being overpowered. It also comes with a scoop of potato salad.Katsu Skewers - WinningAsk for both the miso & katsu sauce! Yellow Tail & Salmon - WinningHamachi Kama - Winning (according to Kyle)Lots of meat! And cooked perfectly.This place is bi winning, win here, win there, win win everywhere!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,2/25/2012,106,173,9,8,5>This place is one of those restaurants to take a client out to a meeting or go on a lunch date. It is hidden and if you walk too fast you might miss it. My best advice is to make reservations beforehand because it gets pretty busy during lunch. For me I made reservations 10 minutes before I got to the restaurants and they were okay with that. We got seated and I thought the tables were pretty huge compared to tables at some other restaurants. Plenty of arm room for the big guy like me. The server was quick and swift with our menu and drinks. I ordered the ice tea for $2.25 and it came with free refills. It tasted like ordinary ice tea nothing really special but for $2.25 I better get my damn money's worth. For my entree I got the pan roasted chicken. When my order came out it looked pretty small and I thought I was still going to be hungry after. But nope! I was pretty full. The chicken was really good. Usually I don't like eating chicken with white meat but this chicken was something else. It was drenched with olive oil and it came with small kine mushroom and some sort of potato that looks like a artichoke. I really enjoyed how they use all local products even the salt!!! The service was pretty good there was only one waitress for about 15 tables and she was pretty quick. This place is pretty expensive though our bill came out to $50 for two people. I would probably come here again but not for a while because I need to replenish my wallet.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,2/24/2012,20,57,7,11,10>I truly appreciate Madoka @ Salon 808 she just knows my hair strand by strand! I could never find the perfect hair dresser (until now) they would give either give me bad advice and make my hair look crazy or not understand my hair or my wants and I'd end up with more crazy hair. But the worst is when you find that perfect hair dresser and they get promoted to a salon in the mainland.Ok back to Madoka, I've been going to her about 2 years now and I am very satisfied with her work! Now lets just hope she doesn't move. She understands what I want when I describe it to her, and I trust her enough that when she ask me "So what do you want to do today?" I just tell her to do whatever just leave it kind of long, at the end I'm happy with my new "do".Madoka also does my straight perm, which doesn't damage my hair. She uses Yuko which I believe is from Japan. It's a very mild product that she uses because whenever I do a straight perm it's like nothing! it doesn't burn your scalp or eyes thank goodness. I really like it because even days after I wash my hair it doesn't look or feel fried or damaged.There's nothing bad to say about Madoka or Salon 808. They are conveniently located by Ala Moana Shopping center, offer friendly service, and are drama free!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,2/23/2012,378,219,16,5,6>*Local Kal-bi plate, Kal-bi & Spicy Pork combo = $23*Dear Han Yang,I love that you are 5 minutes from my house.I love that you rarely ask me for my name or telephone number when I call in my order.  Trust is the foundation of a relationship.I love that you laugh at my Haole husband when he comes walking through your door.  Perhaps not only because of his white-ness, which glows brighter in Kalihi, but also because you think I am a domineering wife that makes her poor husband fetch her kalbi twice a week.  This is untrue.  I am mellow and loving and docile and he BEGS me to let him buy me Han Yang twice, sometimes thrice a week because it makes him so happy.  FYI.I love your lotus though we've only met twice.  If I ask you specifically for lotus will you put in in my panchan?  I would like that.We will someday eat in your restaurant.  Your new ramen specials look enticing, especially since I've never had "kyoza".My husband will see you soon.  Of his own accord.Love,Angela
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,2/22/2012,263,224,19,14,15>911 Dispatcher: 911Caller: Hello is this 911911 Dispatcher: Yes is this an emergencyCaller: Yes I am calling about a disturbance in the University area about a block from the Japanese Cultural Center right before Burger King.911 Dispatcher: Okay what is the disturbance sirCaller: Apparently there is this little shop named Frostcity. People are going in and out of this place all hours of the day and coming out with a big smile911 Dispatcher: Sir have you witnessed any illegal activity?Caller: I'm not sure if there is anything illegal going on there but they are definitely serving something addictivePlease be aware this was not a real story but merely a fictional exaggerated story to emphasize the fact that Frostcity is pretty dam good.I am afraid to write this story because the selfish person in me does not want this place to be crowded. Parking is an issue here. However I am a yelper and I must write on. What is Frostcity? There are no words that could correctly explain what they serve. I will attempt to explain that it is a ice cream  and Shave Ice creating a snow ice. Bottom line is this is the new and improved Hawaiian treat. Apparently this is a Taiwanese Shave Ice.   Now what makes this place so special? As the owner puts it, "This is a family recipe!" I dare any chef to try and recreate this masterpiece recipe.  It is an art form for what these guys do. You have an array of wonderful flavors for your snow ice, such as Ginger, Milk, Pineapple, Lychee, Mango, Apple Banana, and the tropical flavors continue. They continue to strive to create more flavors. Not only do they provide you with the lightest "shave ice" I've ever had but it comes with sides such as real fruit (I got watermelon), mochi balls, and little round jelly balls. These wonderful treats run from around small for $4.75 and large for $6.  Believe me this is totally worth it. Granted there may be imitators of Snow Ice but no one can compare.Whatever snow ice is, its pretty dam addictive.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,2/21/2012,544,212,27,11,14>ATTENTION ATTENTION.. DUE TO LONG LINES AND OVER CONSUMPTION OF SUSHI, KURU KURU ASKS THAT YOU COME ANY TIME THAT JAYSON DOESNT HAVE A KK CRAVING, BECAUSE JAYSON DOES NOT WANNA WAIT SO LONG FOR NOMZ SUSHI.SERIOUSLY PEOPLE WHY YOU GOTTA EAT THE KURUZ WHEN I WANNA EAT THE KURUZ??The obvious answer to that question is because the sushi is AMAZING and CHEAP...  after being uberly impressed with the PC locale, i hoped that Kahala would be even better. AND IT IS.Besides the wait, the fish is still Big, the poke and ahi bowls are still GARGANTUAN, and the servers are still really attentive.  Your water or tea will never be empTy. You know you got a good thing going when hallmark tells you "DON'T BLOCK THE PATH WAY" !!FOR ALL YOU KURUZ NOOBZ, IF YOU LIKE GET FULL FAST EAT A DONBURI FIRST. IF YOU LIKE VARIETY, DON'T EAT A DONBURI CAUSE YOU'LL GET FULL, FOOL. AND REMEMBER DON'T EAT THE KURUZ WHEN I WANNA EAT THE KURUZ.K THX!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,2/20/2012,865,217,37,51,50>In December, my patient brought in a couple bags of popcorn to the office for us to try. Her daughter was in the process of opening up a permanent store & website, but in the mean time was taking phone orders. What separates Primo from other flavored popcorn is that their coloring & cooking process utilizes a liquified base of Hawaiian brown sugar. Thus ensuring that each colorful bite would be evenly coated with a different taste of each flavor.They offer around 30-40 variety of savory and sweet flavors. There's even pickle-flavored popcorn, oh hell yeah!! Can't wait to get my hands on those!I was lucky enough to try out their 'Kalakoa' popcorn ("something that is of a variety different colors" or "colors that don't match"). Each of the colors in this bag of popcorn had a specific color, very nice!The front of the bag: yelp.com/biz_photos/z-7V…close-up of the popcorn/back view:yelp.com/biz_photos/z-7V…You could tell immediately that these were of a better quality than the usual colored stale popcorn that you'd find at the theater or convenience store. The colors were so vibrant & eye-catching!As I mentioned earlier, each of the different colors has a specific flavor, so each bite will be different. If you eat it one at a time, you can catch some of the flavors. Eat it all together and you'll get a mouthful of sugar, lol. Their Kalakoa mix will change all the time, depending on what they feel like mixing together. But custom orders/mixes for gift baskets, party favors etc are also avail.Our bag of Kalakoa popcorn was fresh & crunchy & had a colorful mixture of:-Coconut (blue)-Green Apple-Mango (orange)-Banana -Guava & cotton candy (both were pink, but I couldn't quite figure out which was which)-Grape-Cherry/Strawberry? (I couldn't really tell, but it was red).I'm glad to see that they finally have a permanent store location. Can't wait to try the different savory flavors (I prefer savory over sweet)! They're located next to the First Hawaiian Bank at 120 Sand Island Access Road in the Malolo Business Center, past the old Kilgo's store.loopnet.com/Listing/1647…Open Mon-Fri from 10am-6pmSaturdays from 10am-4pm. Their hours might change, so call ahead before you head down there.Don't quote me exactly on the price, but each bag of popcorn (around 3 cups worth or so) varies in pricing from $3 for the savory mix, $5 for the candy-coated mixes and $7 custom mixes (depending on what you want). Check them out, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,2/19/2012,203,468,5,4,7>I'M A BELIEVER!! My sister, Aiko A. recommended I see Hillary for my much needed cut and highlight retouch, since my BFF who has been my stylist for 10+ years recently stopped doing hair. I really liked what she did with my sister's hair, and I really liked all of the pics up here on yelp and also on FB - so I was excited for my appointment with her yesterday morning...at 6am!! Her studio is small, but very nicely done - it makes for an efficient workspace and it's not cluttered at all! Since this was my first time there, she asked what I liked about my hair and why I had decided to go to another stylist - all typical questions I feel are important to start off on the right foot with a new client and/or stylist! As she was doing my cut, she let me know pretty much everything that she was doing and even why! She also did my highlights which came out very good - she toned down the color a little because we are transitioning into fall and all! So I start work at 8am, but I told my manager that I'd probably be late since I wasn't sure how long my appointment would take...when everything was done, my 6am appointment ended at 7am!! WTF?! That's one fast lady!! I even got to work earlier than usual!! I am looking forward to seeing Hilliary regularly, she is very friendly, funny, and of course: fast!!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,2/18/2012,302,378,6,11,5>I really don't want to copy the reviews before me and sound like a broken record, but I LOVE THIS PLACE! Who would have ever thought that such an awesome food establishment is located in Aiea of all places. I mean let's be honest, Aiea has a handful of good eateries, but Queen Street Grill is GREAT. I've never had the pleasure of eating at the original location but I sure am glad that we found this one. It all started when the wife needed to get a trim at Head Arts. Our stomachs were rumbling and it was up to me to find a place to eat. I did a search on Yelp and I was baffled when I saw that somewhere close by had a five star rating with ten reviews. We walked a short distance down the way from Head Arts and popped our heads in. It's a small space to be sure. There are only three tables inside the Grill but what it lacks of in square footage, it more than makes up for it with a pretty diverse menu, great prices, good service and obviously some pretty amazing food.She ordered the kim chee fried rice (with no meat) and I went with the obvious Hawaiian plate lunch staple: garlic chicken. I was debating on the fried pork chop but decided against it. The person ahead of us ordered that and when it came out, the smell of the garlic covered pork chop piqued my interest. Maybe next time. The fried rice was a bit too spicy for me (I'm a wimp) and I was blown away by the savory flavor of the garlic chicken. We took a menu with us and vowed to return soon.We did return a few days later as promised. This time I was determined to try as many of the items on the menu as humanly possible. We ordered up a spicy ahi bowl, ahi katsu plate, the fried pork chops and the Queen Street special.The spicy ahí bowl was for her. It was a little on the small side in terms of portion. The ahi was definitely spicy though, and the fish was fresh. The ahi katsu we split between us and it was actually pretty light for a fried item. It came with some tartar sauce for dipping. I had the pork chops. Holy shit. It's amazing! This is something that you HAVE to try. The Queen Street special consisted of their keawe grilled chicken over yakisoba. This was her father's. I was able to try the chicken and it was amazing. You could really get that smoky flavor and I can't wait to try out the keawe steak that they sell. I wasn't able to try the yakisoba but that looked so good as well. Is there anything these guys can't cook?Overall Queen Street Grill is one of those places that you want to keep going back to until you have tried everything on the menu. A lot of the plates came with a price of under $7 and $8. In today's economy, how can you go wrong with that? It's fresh, it's fast, it's delicious. What are you waiting for? Go now!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,2/17/2012,376,199,26,32,30>This place has been on my radar from the time it was a ROTD by Chad K.Yelp friend Michelle L. said that this place has the best cake noodle in Honolulu.  I love cake noodle. Sunny Chinese Restaurant was a must try for me!I drive into the parking lot and park my car.Me: "Ah there it is!"yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…I walk up to the storefront and see all these photos of Chinese dishes on the storefront window. yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…I'm thinking: "Good ideal! The pictures are very helpful!  Old Chinese proverb: One picture is worth ten thousand words."yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…I walk inside ..OMG!  Am I surprised!! There are pictures everywhere!I was greeted by a friendly lady that welcomes me with a smile!Owner/Hostess/Dee Dee: "Thank you for coming!  May I help you?"yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…Me: "Can you give me a minute?  This is my first time here!  Uhh!!  ...make that ten minutes!  I'm in shock!!  There are so many photos and dishes to choose from!!"Dee Dee:  "Yes!  Look around!  All of the dishes we serve are posted in pictures on the walls. Take your time!  Let me know if you have any questions!!"I'm thinking: "WOW!!!  Where do I begin?  The quality of the photos is quite good!!  Everything looks yummy!  I think it WILL take 10 minutes to walk around and browse through all the pictures on the wall.  This place has wall to wall photos!!!"I look at the wall on the right ..yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…Then the wall on the back left..yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…Then the front left ..yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…Then above the door .yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…Then in the back of the fan..yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…On the wall in front of the kitchen.yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…On the side wall in front of the kitchen ..yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…On the low wall in front of the kitchen ..yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…On the wall in front of the cash register and fountain..yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…  ...so many PICTURES!!Me: "Do you have cake noodle?"Dee Dee:  "Yes!  We make a crispy cake noodle!  Look at the wall on the left!!"I zero in on the Minute Chicken Cake Noodle.yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…Me: "I'll have the Minute Chicken Cake Noodle and a side order of Hot and Sour Soup.  I am very sensitive to MSG.  Can you make sure that the chef does not put any MSG in my order!!"Dee Dee: "OK!  Have a seat.  Please look at our take out menu."yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…I browse the take out menu and notice there are 145 individual menu items divided into the categories of Appetizer; Soup; Seafood; Chicken and Duck; Pork and Beef; Eggs; Vegetables; Rice and Noodles.  145 individual items and MORE THAN "145" PICTURES!!  AMAZING!!yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…There are also $8.95 Specials and Catering items. "Free delivery orders over $200".Dee Dee: "Order is ready!"yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…Me: "That was fast!" Dee Dee: "Enjoy your meal! I hope you come again!"Me: I'm thinking the owner Dee Dee are so very lovely, friendly, cordial, helpful, courteous, thoughtful, considerate and attentive.  From a service point of view, this place ROCKS!!I go to my mom's house and open my Minute Chicken w/ Cake Noodle ...yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…and Hot and Sour Soup .yelp.com/biz_photos/2Fi_…Michelle L. was right! The cake noodle is fantastic. Nice and crispy on the outside and with the minute chicken, a perfect combination!Me: "What do you think mom???"Mom: "The cake noodle is like from the old days. I like it!"5 stars because my mom liked it too!!P.S.  Whew!  This is the longest review I have written on Yelp with 19 pictures.... that is over 191,000 words.  I'm tired!P.P.S. You just read over 191,000 words in less than 5 minutes!  WOW!  You read fast!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,2/16/2012,43,326,17,13,11>If you are looking for a zen, peaceful spa experience, with scented candles and nature sounds playing in the background then this is not the place for you.  If you want a strong hardy korean lady wearing panties and maybe a bra (sometimes not) to scrub off your first layer of skin, knead your muscles into painful oblivion, grate fresh cucumber and slap it on your face for an invigorating facial, scrub your scalp - all while stark naked on a slippery plastic table with other naked ladies around - then this is the place for you.  My skin is glowing, my muscles are relaxed and I've left behind my modesty and 1 pound of thick grey dead skin cells.  It's clean, it has everything you need in a korean spa, and it's ladies only.  No it's not LA or NJ but hey that's the reason I moved to Honolulu in the first place because it's better here!  It's not a mega sauna like those on the mainland, it's not gonna have all the same services.  But really it was quite nice and adequate and I'll go back.  Next time I'll get a pedi too.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,2/15/2012,275,329,11,12,11>Despite the fact that I can never get the name right (I refer to it as 8 Fatty Fat, 88 Fatness, 808 the Fat Cake) my friends know what I mean and have forgiven me for my ignorance. Now I actually can never call it 8 Fat Fat 8, for these other misnomers have grown on me too much. As have their truly delicious chicken wings. Oi. Let me tell you, that is worth a trip in itself. The drinks are just average. But I suppose what you come for are the great happy hour deals and drinks that are different every day of the week. Perhaps also what you come for is the no-nonsense service in which chatting up the waitresses is not going to get you better service nor service with a smile. They're there to serve you on their on watch and so be prepared to either be patient or know what you want right away. At times their drinks aren't the best but at least they come around often to top you off if you're unsatisfied. They actually (surprisingly) make a good margarita. A nice little touch is that they offer free peanuts. The chicken wings are the most succulent thing you could ever want. I truly cry for the vegetarians of the world. They're so moist, crispy, and HUGE. And you get an entire plate of them, I think about eight or ten. Lucky tummy. If you only want to go there for one night, make sure to do it on chicken night when they're on the happy hour menu and half-priced (I think it may be Tuesday night). You can sing karaoke though it may take you forever to get your song to play. But they have a huge selection. The talent rums the gamut from average to awesome--but I've usually only heard really awesome singers there. Like singers with soul. Like the lost members of the Delfonics. Great neighborhood joint with PARKING! A must try in the dive category.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,2/14/2012,146,63,11,7,8>Yesterday was Sunday and I had a great day with the kiddos which basically meant no major fights, stabbings, or horrific name calling all day.  The teenager did his homework and the monkey played nicely and quietly. We paid a visit to the grandparents and they were pleasant as well so the plan was to enjoy dinner at CPK since I received a bunch of gift cards and the kids love it there.  But before I gorge in a bunch of cheesy carbs I went for quick 3 mile run as soon as the BF came home from work.30 minutes later I return high off my running endorphins only to come home to chaos. The monkey is screaming bloody murder, the teenager is yelling, and the BF is nowhere to be found.  Well turns out in the short 30 minutes I had left, SOMEONE (that person has yet to come forward) broke my brand new $300 glass floor lamp from Inspirations. It's history. I guess the boyfriend thought if he cleaned up the glass it would have less impact on my wrath. He was wrong. SO after about an hour of yelling, screaming, lecturing, drilling, cross-examining, story changing, and lots and lots of tears I finally calm down. Then the BF was like "OK well let's go to dinner"...WHAT? There is no f$*%ing way they are going to get rewarded with CPK now.  Now as "punishment" I make the decision to go to Big City Diner.  I'll admit it's not my favorite restaurant, so I already felt like I was the one being punished. I was still in a foul mood, but when we arrived we were greeted with such great hospitality I thought, OK this isn't going to be that bad for me. But I wanted it to be bad for the rest of them because this was punishment! Everyone ordered and we got our food out timely, hot, and at the same time! Once the food came, silence fell upon our table as the eating ensure, Wait a minute! Everyone is supposed to be upset, feeling riddled with guilt and hating their food right now.  But no, everyone is so happy and the service was so attentive, but not just our server, by the manager as well.  I mean they couldn't have made this 'Punishment' any more useless and utterly pleasant! I had the country fried steak, the teenager had the kim chee fried rice hamburger steak, the BF had a burger, and the monkey had chicken wings. The whole experience was so pleasing I somehow gave in to letting everyone share brownie sundae! What kind of pathetic parenting is this?? UGH!!!! Big City Diner gets a big fat A for having excellent service and good food, but they get a big fat F for carrying out what should have been a horrible painstaking punishment!
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,2/13/2012,179,128,4,8,5>Yessss.....we've found a little gem in Waikiki!Came here around 730 for dinner and already there was a line about 20 people deep.  The time from waiting in line to getting seated was about half an hour, not bad except that it was a very muggy night and my boyfriend was already breaking a sweat.  They have a menu and a glass case of the selections available outside the restaurant so while you're patiently waiting your turn, you can ponder what yummy goodness you will pick.  The cafeteria-style ordering is efficient and really adds to the whole experience.  The first thing you encounter as you finally get to the front of the restaurant is the udon noodle making machine, where 2 guys are proficiently rolling out chewy udon.  You then proceed to witness the dousing/cooking of noodles, where a Japanese man takes your order.Choose size- Regular (about $3.75) or Large ($4.75)Choose temperature-Hot or coldChoose flavor-Ontama, Bukkake, Niku, Zaru, KakeThen comes the fun part....you move on down to the sides.  It is essentially a self serve bar of various tempura about $1.50/piece, and a small selection of musubis.The bf had a large niku udon, and being the fatass that I am I had not one, but TWO regular bowls:  a hot bukkake and a cold zaru udon.  We also got about 4 tempura sides and a salmon musubi, and a large drink totaling to an amazingly cheap price of $23.  Where else can you get delicious dinner for such a good price in Waikiki?!?!??The food was delicious and it didn't leave us feeling greasy and heavy.  The only thing this place is lacking is GYOZA!!!  Quick Tip:  Street parking is very limited in Waikiki...we just parked in the $5 flat rate garage on Seaside and walked across the street.  And since we already paid for parking, we strolled the strip after dinner and enjoyed the street performers.  Dinner and a show for well under $30!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,2/12/2012,577,251,18,21,16>I'm a man.  What do I know about a fabric store?  Well, here's my story:Halloween was rapidly approaching and I was fully committed to dressing as a Master Sushi Chef for the festivities.  I needed a Master Sushi Chef outfit and I didn't have time to order one online.Towards the beginning of my search, I learned the keystone of the Master Sushi Chef outfit is called a happi coat.  ...whatever... I couldn't find one.  I went to and/or called all of the many places that were suggested to me: no happi coat happiness was to be found.  I even resorted to calling random Buddhist temples.  I learned, they do sell Happi coats; but only at the beginning of Bon Dance season, which apparently does not correspond with Halloween no matter how much I wanted it to or how much it sounds like it should.I was on the verge of giving up when my genius wife said, "I'll call Terri at Kuni Island Fabrics.  I bet she can help you."  And help me she did:  Terri showed me several "oriental" fabrics that she said would be appropriate for making a happi coat.  She helped me choose the right one, and the right trim fabric to go with it.  She took my measurements and charged me a very reasonable price for the fabric.Two days later and just before the biggest Halloween party of the year, I went back to her shop and picked up my very own professionally hand-crafted custom-made happi coat.  I again paid a very reasonable price; this time for the labor.My Master Sushi Chef costume was a big hit for Halloween, and I owe it all to Terri at Kuni Island Fabrics!  Okay yes, and to my genius wife for sending me there.Anybody need a slightly used professionally hand-crafted custom-made happi coat?
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,2/11/2012,111,225,6,10,9>I've tried Tsukune-ya and Kohnotori. WIth all things Yakitori considered, how do they compare to this place? The atmosphere, the value, the quality of the food, the service, the presentation...it was BOOYAH all around umai/oishii/wonderfulllly delicious. That's the great thing about the adventure of trying a new place, you go in with a open palate, and its a great opportunity to be pleasantly delighted. On this momentous day like this one, it felt like Christmas in February, payday two days early, no traffic on the freeway kinda day! Nothing like getting high quality food for a reasonable price. The ambiance I have always loved...even from Okonomiyaki Kai times it is hands-down one of my fave places on the island. My ideal place for a date, I would imagine...(Take me here and I might marry you! haha)We got there little after 6 something, the place was empty. And then sooner than you can say BOOM BOOM POW da place was packed to da max. Our waitress was super duper kawaii and attentive and we had a good view of the griller masterfully flipping skewers...sa-WEET.So you have to fill out on a little form whether for the Grilled stuff and the not-grilled stuff and give it to the waitress. I recommend trying a little bit of everything. So to go over what I ate/recommend:Salad: Yoshi salad was fresh greens with a light orange dressing that I can only describe as yum. Raw potato salad had a hint of furikake and was a refreshing good start (doesn't have that bite like Pietros).Ala Carte: Traditional Japanese done favorites done fresh and arranged prettily, like the Tsukemono.Grill:Tsukune (minced chicken meatball) you MUST get. shiso ponzu and garlic ponzu melt in your mouth good.Assorted plate for 11 dollars was is good for first timers. It has chicken breast (eh), quail eggs, arabiki sausage(!), teriyaki tsukune, 6 sticks total.If you wanna get your veggies, try anything wrapped in bacon. Best bet is enoki mushroom and asparagus was pretty good. The enoki is pretty chewy and with every bite, a little more bacon juice oozes into your mouth.There are dishes for the more adventurous including the beef tongue. End with the shoyu butter onigiri. They come with a slab of butter on top that melts into the rice grains and turns it into a glistening triangle of grainy goodness. I Will mos def come again. i love you just the way you are Yakitori Yoshi.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,2/10/2012,87,129,8,10,10>A good friend of mine, and the band he's in was playing there last Friday, and so that gave us a reason to try this place out. The area used to be filled with strip clubs and the sort. but now there's allot of little restaurants, of differing ethnicity's, small businesses, and the hubbub of a giant Walmart nearby. Imua's is kinda small and crowded, and yet has a comfy... at ease type of vibe. The waitstaff is super attentive and friendly. I like when the servers got that ESP thing going on. You know when you're almost done with your cocktail, but not quite.... and then BANG, they're right there asking you if you're ready for another. Instead of me sitting there with an empty glass, feeling like a dope cause I'm stretching my chicken neck trying to find our waitress. No.... I like when they cruise around my table always checking our libation level. The food here's pretty good too. Got a plate of fries ( coulda used a bit more salt, for my taste) and also ordered the Ahi Wrapped Tempura, ( sorry if that isn't the name... I got PATRONE AMNESIA ) Ahi poke, and avocado, wrapped in nori, covered in panko, and deep fried. The perfect bar food. We had a big table all to ourselves, and as the evening progressed and became really crowded, we offered to share it with a group of complete strangers.... and you know what? We had a blast.. like we knew each other for ever. Between the hot band, the ice cold drinks, our cool new friends, attentive staff, AND the free valet parking, it made for a return visit here, a definite "OH, HELL YEAH!!!"
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,2/9/2012,265,441,16,10,10>To some readers, it may not be a surprise to know I came to a place like this...because of $4 Whiskey Cokes... Why else? Why? What are you thinking?To keep this short: The GOOD: This place is interesting, once aspiring to be a wine bar, is now simply a bar. Manager Jodie (NOT like Foster) explained yesterday that what matters most is giving people a good deal, and you can't do that while charging $15 for a glass of fancy red wine. Plus, to me, I am an equal opportunity employer when it comes to alcohol - and - the cheaper the booze, the "funner" the night; never mind the morning.  Wednesday is also now declared, Whiskey Wednesdays, so for $4, you get a healthy glass of fancy fire water mixed with devilish cola. Tuesdays, $2 beers, and the remaining aspects of the week have yet to be figured out - although I did suggest. Tequila Thursdays, $3 Patron please!The BAD: it's like a western saloon, meets early 90s George Michael's Bathroom. Yeah, it was supposed to be reminiscent of a wine cellar... when it was an aspiring wine bar, but now... it's like one of Lady Gaga's wet dreams. OVERALL: I am sure I won't be able to avoid this place much. Especially it being a 'Ban and Pham adventure, Tim P. is likely to frequent this western-hearted-discothèque and I will most likely be in toe to join him. Plus, how can I avoid cheap alcohol - no matter where it is. 18/365
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,2/8/2012,112,89,12,19,16>There are two things I've learned about Korean women over the course of my life: 1. Don't mess with their boyfriends.2. Don't mess with their time. So when some of the fifteen seats reserved at Christie's Restaurant were left empty by flakers, I was slightly nervous and definitely embarrassed. Christie had opened up her restaurant half an hour early to accommodate my party. The staff there was ready to serve a busy table but instead got a small group of eight not knowing where the other seven went. I thought I was going to get drilled with massive stink eyes, but you know what I got from Christie instead? Conversation about Korean food and genuine smiles. That kind of hospitality was provided throughout the rest of the night from our fantastic server, making the word "impressive" an understatement for this restaurant.To top it all off we were offered a mouth watering menu with dishes that could make a Samoan rugby team weak in the knees. I had the warm apple smoked bacon and spinach salad with a sweet sesame soy chicken appetizer as an entree. If your tongue didn't twist from salivation after reading that then something's wrong with your mouth. It was a perfect combination of tingling flavors that melted straight into my jaw bones and dripped into that part of the brain where ecstasy is buried in. I also complimented the night with loads of Korean beer and the sweetest bread pudding I've ever enjoyed. Christie's Restaurant deserves more popularity and attention. You just can't find anything like it in Aiea and this small local hideaway can definitely stand its ground against some of Honolulu's finest restaurant giants.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,2/7/2012,410,147,12,21,17>This place has definitely deflated my head a little bit.  After all, who knew that Waikele had such an undiscovered gem and I not know about it??! I guess that's due to being a townie who rarely ever ventures out to Waikele... Anyways, Kunio is located right next to Party City and it's easy to find. Once you see Party City, Kunio is on the right hand side.There is just one thing I have to say FUNAMORI PARTY BOAT ! So what is this party boat I speak of? Well it's just the most spectacular/amazing behemoth of Japanese food that I've ever ate..on a boat that is. Here take a look! yelp.com/user_local_phot…. The Funamori Party Boat has sushi (ahi, hamachi, salmon, and ebi), sashimi, pork katsu, chicken katsu, shrimp tempura, vegetable tempura, teriyaki ribeye steak, and lobster tails!They first start you off with tsukemono, miso soup, and a salad with oriental sauce; all of which are plain-jane and is probably meant to be a palate cleanser. Then came the funamori party boat and it was WAY BIGGER than the picture in the menu! Everything about it was amazing! A hungry man's dream! The tempura was hot and crispy. The katsu was crisp and had a rich tawny brown color and the meat was warm and succulent. The ribeye steak was a little sweet and very savory with the meat falling apart with the slightest effort. The sashimi was fresh and clean tasting. And the lobster was flat out amazing! The meat was easy to extract and the butter sauce made my mouth go into a state of bliss!When ordering the funamori party boat you MUST have a minimum of 4 people. Our boat came out to $31.95 per person for our party of 4. Essentially it's like a roller coaster. It starts off slow and dull with the plain-jane tsukemono, miso soup, and salad. Then it starts to climb with excitement as your boat arrives. Suddenly it takes off with amazing speed and excitement when you get to dig into the massive behemoth. Then it slowly dies as you're struggling to finish every last morsel. I was like, "Please, no more fried stuff..." But overall I liked it! The service was great; our waitress kept on checking whether we needed more tea, water, or rice. And the service was pretty fast. The only mood killer was the fact that you need 4 people and it comes out to a whopping $31.95 per person. But if you're ever in Waikele with a group of 4 and want to impress your friends GET THE FUNAMORI PARTY BOAT!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,2/6/2012,246,383,7,15,12>Look out Restaurant Row, Keeaumoku(or Koreamoku as we call it) is now the TRUE Restaurant Row. It's red, it's eye-catching, and it's tasty. That's how I best describe this new restaurant. The menu was cute, with moke-lish flavor to Korean dishes. We decided to pick the "Pizza Donkatsu" as it looked pretty appetizing. The server told us that it is large enough to serve two of us so we just stuck with that dish. Good honesty from them to tell us, or else we would have over ordered our food. Service was top notch and very attentive.As others said, this place is clean, and everything was spotless. I hope they can keep this up as it is very hard to keep a restaurant that immaculate. The entertainment comes from the Kpop music videos they play on the wall via projector. Even in the afternoon sun, you could see it well. Kudos to the restaurant, they are doing something innovative and new.The dish was HUGEEEEEEEEEEEEEE. You know those big silver platters that serve like crackers? Those were it, but white. It easily could feed two. Think good tonkatsu with ono supreme pizza topping. Food was delicious.The service was excellent, price isn't over the top, and the food portions and taste was great. This place is a SOLID 4.5 star. If they expanded the menu and have an interesting drink(alcoholic in me says so!) menu on it's way, it will be an easy 5.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,2/5/2012,360,130,5,18,14>Have you ever wanted tickets to a concert, only to learn that it was sold out before you even found out about it? That's what He'eia Pier Deli was for me. When I first heard about it, I was a few years too late - the place was closed.But like any sold out event, they had to add more dates! So did He'eia Pier Deli. This incarnation was a bit different from what I had previously heard, but totally a great experience none-the-less.I arrived there with Hideyo K. not really sure what to expect. I had heard this place was kosher, so I kind of deep-down wanted it to be like Yudi's Deli (read my Serg's review. I LOVED Yudi's). But when we got there, we came to learn that it was just plate lunches with a bit of flair.The whiteboard menu of the day was Hamburger Steak, Kalua Pig/Cabbage, Guava Chicken, Fried Rice, and O'io Loco Moco. Sides of Fried veggies or Taro Mac Salad were also available. Fruit punch and GREEN RIVER was brewing in the window, that's right GREEN RIVER.We ordered the Fried Rice and the O'io Loco Moco and it came out to $13. We waited on the old saltwater-air-aged picnic tables and my name was called. The food was delish. It was my first time having O'io fish cake, but I knew that this was good stuff. I was so impressed, that I had to go back and order more. I ordered a side of Taro Mac Salad, and WOW. I am a huge fan of texture and this had it in spades. The firmness and grit of the taro, perfectly al dente mac-like pasta (they were slightly larger, not as long, and not curved), and a light touch of mayo dressing. So GOOD. I'm totally coming back just for this.The outdoor vibe of this is very much like  time doesn't seem to move here. Ocean air, tropical fish swimming about, and great food... I could've sat here for hours.New instant favorite.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,2/4/2012,651,637,9,11,11>I still can't figure out what this place is supposed to be.  Their beverage menu is larger than their food menu, so it seems like they were shooting for more of a bar/pupu type of atmosphere; but they only have 8 items on their appetizer menu, so that can't be it.  But they can't be shooting for a regular restaurant concept either because they only have "dons" on their menu, nothing else.  Because of the small menu, I would recommend this place for lunch, but not dinner (unless you're in the mood for a light dinner).Whatever the case, I thought the ahi poke don that I ordered was ono.  I like how they added little pieces of nori (nori and rice always go together!) and they use high quality short grain rice.  Be sure to ask for the jalapeno shoyu if they don't give it to you automatically.  It sounds like it would be spicy, but it's actually not!  I can't give them 5 stars because the service was slow.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,2/3/2012,207,115,5,16,10>Mai has created reputation for herself by making quality dishes from scratch and its nice to see her expand from the little eatery in Liliha to Kapahulu. Spending any amount of time with Mai and you can see is insistent on serving quality over convenience and the result is a loyal following of customers. Mai's food speaks for itself, whether its the papaya salad that she makes upon order, the various types of Pho that has the cleanest tasting broth, beef plate cooked perfectly to your request or her special banh mi sandwiches, her passion for making great food without compromise is present in all her dishes. Open 24 hours Mai is giving people an opportunity to enjoy great food and service. Kapalulu has so many options food wise but if youre looking for some great home cooked food from someone who isnt satisfied with mediocrity Mai's Cuisine should be tops on your list.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,2/2/2012,123,259,12,4,8>Oh Opal, my Thai Guy, let me count the ways I love thee. 1. Your charm and pleasantness surpasses those of any other rivaling food truck. 2. You personalize eat plate to make sure you satisfy everyone.3. You have your darling son, Lio, serving and cleaning up after people. 4. Your food is the best in the land. 5. You remember us after such a long absence, You will never find me cheating on you with any other food truck. I spit on Giovanni's *patoowy*. Your ever faithful admirer,Caitlin
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,2/1/2012,212,161,5,10,7>The bf and I stopped here for lunch today and man, did it hit the spot.  We both had the pirikari spicy chanko nabe and it was super good.  The broth was seasoned just perfectly with bits of garlic and red pepper.  There was just enough spice without it being super overpowering.  The lunch portion was still substantial and a good deal for $10.95.  Lots of veggies, a few slices of beef, and the homemade meatballs.  If you're a carnivore like my bf, you may want to order extra beef.  (We got 6 or 7 large pieces for $9.95).  We also added on noodles (you can choose udon or ramen) for an extra $1.50.  Everything was super delicious and I left full and satisfied without feeling like a total pig! lolThe service was fast and friendly, which is always a big plus in my book.  I'm glad they now have a restaurant out on the Leeward side and I'm going to be sure to visit often!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,1/31/2012,577,575,11,11,9>L-O-L-O-L-O-V-E. I think of this song every time I come here.  From service, to parking, to food, to facilities, this place is great.The first time I ever came here was with Thomas O. and David C.  I think we went hiking or something, and this was the perfect place to end the day.  I got the braised kalbi sandwich.  SUPER EXCELLENT.  I have gotten this every single time I've been there.  And as long as they keep making it the way they do, I don't plan on venturing out into the rest of the menu.  Don't misunderstand though, I sample everybody else's plate.The reason why I love this sandwich is the ratio.  There needs to be a good bun to meat ratio.  I hate it when I go to places and there's more bun than meat.  If anything it should be the other way around, am I right?There's always more than enough kalbi than bun.  Just the way it should be.  The sandwiches also come with a salad, and the dressing is awesome.  It has a hint of vinegar :) and it also comes with tomatoes and mandarin oranges.Another great thing about Grylt is the fact that they're totally into recycling and distributing healthy food grown/made locally.  Their sign says even the tables were recycled from another venue.  While you might think Grylt's prices are a tad bit high, you need to order anyway and see for yourself why they're priced that way.  THEY GIVE SO MUCH FOOD.  Normally, if I eat a sandwich, I can definitely eat another one because it's not filling.  But when I finish my sandwich from Grylt, I go into a serious food coma and have a hard time driving back to Waipio.  (p.s. they need to open one on the Leeward side!!!!) Yelp 365: 040 of 365
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,1/30/2012,776,347,9,14,13>I think me's found a new favorite sushi place!! Seven of us had dinner here the other night and we had a great time!! We ordered ahi tempura, chicken karaage and age dashi tofu for starters. Excellent choice, I just loved their tempura batter, it was so crisp and lacy... The agedashi tofu was delish, just right amount of crispness and not too thick where the "skin" will fall off when you're eating it!  For sushi, we ordered the 12 pc sushi assortment which was fabulous! The uni was so fresh as was the ahi, hamachi, etc. we also ordered the spicy tuna roll-excellent, and the unagi-so tender!!! We were downing some "green" bottles and shared some with Morio and a bottle of Asahi!! He was really kickin' um back!!! It's amazing how fast and efficient he is, practically doing all the sushi stuff by himself! He has a very attentive wait staff and we shared beers, Mike's lemonades and cake pops with them that one of our friends brought along!!!  It's a really cool place to go have dinner, very informal, which to me is the best part... You can just be yourself and not have to worry about who may be watching you and for them to be thinking about your, ahem, manners as you enjoy your meal with great friends!! I was having such a good time that I totally forgot that others were waiting to be seated!! So, what are you waiting for, make a reservation today!! :)
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,1/29/2012,262,145,8,12,10>The first time I visited Formaggio was in 2004, when I stopped by for 15 minutes. For some reason, a friend ordered a $150 bottle which 3 of us downed in those 15 minutes and which I later um...revisited in the bathroom of some dirty club.Since then, I have ventured to Formaggio on much more mild-mannered evenings.  It's cozy and intimate - a nice place for dinners with friends or dates. I've visited a few times recently and wondered why it had been so long. While I may not have a sophisticated knowledge of wine, the folks there are helpful and not at all snooty. They are always extremely tolerant of my wine ignorance and don't seem to mind leisurely wining and dining. The food is basically good but not outstanding. The pizzas are a pretty good value, and their carby-ness helps you drink MORE WINE. Some small minuses - the bathroom situation is a little odd. You have to basically walk through the back to get to it. When there's no live music playing, they have some of the most cheesy pop music playing that really does nothing for the ambience. Also, at least for T-mobile, cell phone reception is really bad in this little cave. All in all, Formaggio is a good fall-back when I don't know where else to go, as it offers a solid and dependably pleasant experience.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,1/28/2012,100,72,8,12,6>Tourist trap? Yes. Must see stop on my Tour de North Shore I always take the people visiting me on? Yes. Much more entertaining and wayyyyyyy cheaper than Kualoa? Yes and yes!First, you can't just stop here to shop. I mean, yes, there are tons of FREE macadamia nut samples in a variety of flavors that puts Willy Wonka to shame. True, there is FREE Kona coffee, actual Kona coffee, too, not that 10% mix junk! You could also easily blow some serious cash here on their artwork and handmade jewelry pieces they sell with the local artists in house doing and meet a greets...but that, my dear Yelpers, is not the entirety of Tropical Farms! You HAVE to go on the bus tour!!Walk through the shops, and go wait for the shady looking green bus. Trust these strangers...wait, you're in Hawaii, there are no strangers, everyone is your cousin!...anyway, trust them, and get in their creepy vehicles. They won't promise you candy like that dude in the trench coat that hung out outside your elementary school, but they will give you fresh coconut! This tour takes you all over the farms and shows you various places of interest. Who knew that while Kualoa is the place that boasts about all their movie scenes, there are a plethora of noteworthy film spots here. Sit back, relax, enjoy the bumpy ride as these chubby Samoan brothers educate you on Macadamia nut farming, Hollywood history on the farms, and even make you a lei headband! Fantastic!! Everyone I know that visits this place always loves it, the same cannot be said for it's much larger and overhyped counterpart down the Kam. Not to mention it won't break the bank....Kamaaina for the tour is only $10-12, I can't remember. FYI: Minus one star because they don't do tours on Sunday!!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,1/27/2012,392,296,12,11,12>Ok, when I heard about this place I was like....ok, ANOTHER glazed donut place....oh well, I guess I will try it. Was I mistaken...it is GOOD!  I must say that in the recent history of about 1 year I have found 2 good donut places on this island and they BOTH rival a hot krispy kreme.  AND that is saying a LOT!People rave about the taro donuts and you know what, they are right, it is pretty good but seriously, you gotta do the glazed donuts.  AND guess what, the price is so inexpensive that you will be amazed.Park in the back in the parking lot, go through the driveway, and turn right to the goodness.  I really want to try the other baked goods but guess what, I always end up eating a couple of those delicious glazed donuts.  The workers are always smiling and helpful too!  How can you beat that. Try to go before work or at lunch time cause a few times they were out of the glazed goodness by the early afternoon.  Go get your Homer Simpson on y'all!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,1/26/2012,478,366,13,16,18>Yelp 365 Challenge #89/365 Guess who had Yelp Blockage (AKA Writer's Block) for over a week? ME plus I was busy playing with my grandson and Cityville on FB. However, I figure I would kick that blockage to the curb  by writing an update on SOHI Fitness since my first review was after the first day of class in August.Fast forward to November 7, 2011I have been out for a month because I strained/sprained my calf muscle running up a hill at Kakaako on September 23. Talk about wanting to cry as I struggled up the hill walking backwards (this lessens the pressure you put on your calf muscle) because I was making good progress at that time. I was pretty upset especially because I could run alittle farther despite the fact that I am last but hey...my endurance was building. So, after that tragic day...I had to stop exercising 4-6 weeks for recovery. Talk about panicking because I lost about 9 lbs when I was measured again in the middle of September. I thought "I'm going to gain it back and be Large Marge FOREVER"My only form of exercise was walking at my workplace. If you work at Tripler, then walking is an exercise from where you park as well as walking up and down those stairs. I hate stairs...I really hate stairs.Anyhoo, I still monitored what I was eating and pretty much ate in moderation according to what Megan advised when I gave her my eating diary.So, yesterday...I got everything ready. Workout bag? CheckRunning Shoes? CheckWorkout Clothes? CheckTowels? CheckToiletries? CheckOffice clothes? CheckWater? CheckI left at 4:30am because I was worried that the road closures to APEC would make me late. Oh--another thing, classes this week is at Kakaako instead of Ala Moana Beach Park due to the APEC conference.I saw some familiar faces and new faces. Then, the workout began...I had to immediately begin jumping then running up the hills...Planking position while moving along those ladders and bear crawling up the hills...(killer on my arms)*water break*Sprinting then running....SPRINTING THEN RUNNING....*water break*Dip downs...run....push ups...2 times...4 times...6 times...8 times...10 times...*water break times 2*I didn't get to do the last set of running up the hills but hey...first time back and I was able to do majority? *pat on back*Then, Megan said "Tiff, I'm going to measure you because it looks like you maintained instead of gaining, which is good."I'm thinking "Dang it...I ate a #1 combo meal at Wendy's yesterday"Surprise, surprise...I lost some inches especially in the troubled areas AND I lost 12 lbs from September. Do you know what that means?!I have LOST 21 LBS...because I was working out and changed my eating habits thanks to SOHI Fitness!!!And guess what? I'm signing up for another 18 boot camp sessions next Friday because I am going to run through the sand, run up those hills, do burpees, do push-ups, and whatever insanity workout Megan has in store for me.Do you want to know  why? Has curiousity got the better of you if you are still reading my long review? Because this boot camp will bring you the results IF you are that determined to lose weight and set a healthy lifestyle for yourself.If I can do it...you can do it..Eye of tiger, people... Eye of the tiger!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,1/25/2012,72,79,6,9,10>I do not think I have been to a lunch wagon that has  left me in a trance, daydreaming about pulehu.... yes the food is that good.  I have been there only once but am a huge fan and will be back again soon.  I noticed Lori I. went back 2 times already.....  I really did not know what dish I wanted but I showed a picture from my phone of what I wanted to eat  taken by Ryan O.  the guy at the window was not sure what it was but said it looked like chicken and steak.  I ordered the pulehu short ribs and teriyaki steak. yelp.com/biz_photos/H77n… short ribs are boneless, which I liked... This is my now favorite dish( the only dish I have ordered)  I ordered this off the kiawe smoked menu.  You have 4 choices, short ribs, chicken and steak.... well I thought there were 4?   The dish was heavenly.  You have the smokey, tender chunks of meat that would make any carnivore wish that they had an auxiliary stomach to put an extra plate of this stuff away.  You can order brown rice for an extra buck and toss or mac salad.   Of course these guys are hidden... right in the back parking lot next to Flexa on Kapiolani.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,1/24/2012,152,116,13,17,15>Tammy's Pani Popo, a.k.a. Samoan Coconut Rolls, really POP! Meaning, they rock! Highly, highly recommended. The rolls -- which are essentially your basic dinner bread roll -- are baked in a pan surrounded by and DRENCHED in sweetened coconut milk, in every good way you can imagine. Breaking it down, Tammy's Pani Popo bread rolls are inherently buttery in flavor, having a delicately-browned crust on top, while being airy-soft in texture within the "meat" of it, yet glutenous enough to stand-up to the moisture of the thick, sweetened coconut milk it's baked in. Tammy's Pani Popo coconut milk is perfectly sweetened, along with a full-bodied thickness and flavor that truly is "liquid coconut cream" at its finest. Combine those two basic elements, and every bite of the fully-engorged buttery roll explodes with that thick, sweetened coconut creamy goodness, making this a simply excellent tropical-themed baked dessert not to be missed, and Tammy's does this dish proud. CHEEEEEE PANI POPO HOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! (Gosh, it feels so good to shout that out! lol)
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,1/23/2012,184,409,10,16,13>Someone hit it right on the nose in that Angry Korean Lady is more of a myth rather than a fact.  It's like the Wizard of Oz... you think its some fire breathing, ginormous face but really it's a man behind a screen.  The Angry lady is not angry... its just her angle.  Really if anything, I would say the angry is better interpreted as LOUD.  For instance, when I ate here with a friend, I worried that if I didn't write the order right or if I had messy handwriting or if I took my water first, I was going to get my ass handed to me, and I was really walking on egg shells there.  But honestly, once I handed the order to her, and because it wasn't very busy, every time she came out to give a dish, we had a nice interesting chat about food, her upbringing, and thoughts on life.  She's a very sweet woman.  She definitely had a presence, but its probably like in your group of friends where there is the one loud friend who unless you understand their personality, might be considered rude or arrogant.Anyhow, now taking away your only reason for not going, all that leaves is the wonderful food.  The Kimchee pork stew is great, its hot hot hot right out of the stone pot.  With ample amounts of kimchee and chewy pork, the stew really clears your head.  I had this buzz for a little while due to the spice.  Mine's was a 5 (kim chee is used as a baseline of 4).  Ha, but be prepared to expect some ribbing if you order low on the spicy scale.  One person ordered spicy chicken at a 2, and she's like, "we just call that chicken.".  Meat jun is thin and tender, and it was good with the sauce.  Wouldn't say it was so amazing, but still I managed to eat all of my 15 piece 'side order'.  Here it seems side order doesn't mean complement to your meal, but rather appetizer I guess.  Ate some of my friends soon dubu (which I've been craving since watching Invincible Youth), and the tofu had that soft, silky texture you want, and honestly, between kimchee pork stew in a stone pot, and soon dubu in a stone pot, damn, I just love Korean food.  Tasty tasty tasty.So yeah, yeah, the idea is that as long as you treat her with respect, and have a little backbone!, you'll enjoy a lovely meal.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,1/22/2012,263,97,7,12,9>Went here with Grant Chuggy Bear and my roommate from college just a couple hours ago (TUESDAY at 6pm).  Had some issues getting there after passing the entrance the first time, but finally got it in after 5 minutes of maneuvering through Moiliili.So here are the items ordered:*Ahi Katsu (~$18) - Perfectly cooked seared ahi slices served with a lightly dressed salad.  The salad and ahi complemented each other nicely, texture-wise and taste-wise.  The pictures in the menu do this dish justice.*Spicy Garlic Furikake Chicken ($12) - Served warm and crispy, not overly breaded.  Went well with the family portioned garlic fried rice ($8)*Nigiri Set w/ Cali Roll ($20) - 8-piece assortment of sushi with a piece of Hamachi, Ahi, Salmon, Ebi, Ikura, and others.*Spider Roll ($12) - contains tempura and what looked to be REAL CRAB.  Roll consists of only 5 pieces, but each piece is about 3 inches in diameter.  I had some issues putting it in my mouf the first couple times without losing some grains of rice.Ended the night with a guri-guri tasting shot which was probably inspired by the fact that my college roommate is Maui Built.  Cheehoo.I was hungry, and the food here did not disappoint me.  The excellent music coming from the bartender's Microsoft Zune made the experience over the top.  He had Colbie Caillat, David Choi, Blink 182, and so many other artists coming out of the speakers."YEEE, BUDDY!."
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,1/21/2012,299,171,9,18,13>***10/31/12 Temporarily Closed***Check out the King St restaurant:  yelp.com/biz/da-falafel-…Or the Waikiki stand:  yelp.com/biz/da-falafel-…***Yes, my friends, it's true!  Da Falafel King has found itself a new and improved second location on South King.  Located in the parking lot between the Mo'ili'ili Community Center building (the Thrift Store) and Down to Earth, there is now plenty of free parking.  They just opened shop, so their set up is a work in progress, but it's pretty sweet as it is now.  Even though it's right off of King St, there's a small buffer that separates you from the traffic, it works.  There are several tables and sets of chairs, as well as an umbrella.  They currently operate out of a vibrantly painted truck.  I walked over there today to check them out.  The food is as good as ever!  I had the a small feast of shawarma, falafel, pita chips, babaghanush, hummus and olives.  The shawarma was deliciously seasoned, very flavorful.  The falafel was freshly made, warm and moist with a crunchy exterior.  The pita chips with their unique seasoning and the hummus, was to die for.  And although I can rarely stomach eggplant, that babaghanush was fantastic, very nice texture/consistency and one of the two had a great roasted flavor.The menu looks to be about the same as the Waikiki location with the same prices as well.  Although I don't think they do the late night kosher dogs. Prices...  It pains me to say this, but you will pay a price for this deliciousness.  This won't make it onto the "Food for Broke College Student" "EatingontheCheap" "Under $5" lists.  But in their defense, please, stop comparing it to falafel stands in the big cities, on the mainland.  Of course it's gonna be more expensive.  All of our food is!  Compare local apples to local apples.Current prices as of Dec 2011:Falafel- $8Sabich- $8Pita Chips (plate)- $6.50Shawarma- $11Kebab- $11Hummus (plate)- 7.00Add $3 to make it a combo with a drink and fries.As of December 2011, the hours at the King St. location are just 11am-3pm M-F, closed on Saturday, 11am-3pm Sunday.  Much more limited than their Waikiki location, so if you get the night cravings like I do, you'll have to hit up Kuhio Ave.Food, atmosphere, service, A+.  Da Falafel King is still one of my favorite spots in town, and it just got better.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,1/20/2012,164,88,3,16,14>Second review and already a FIVE star? Let me explain...This is a new coffee shop in Kunia that features comfy seats, eclectic music (i.e. someone sprung for Pandora ONE), good pastries, and good to very good coffee (depending on who's running the bar).I'm writing this on my second visit, so I have a couple data points on this review. My first visit was on a Thursday night, less than a week after they opened (they opened on Black Friday 2011). The ambience was great, seats were comfy, but there was a decided lack of people (new shop, of course) and no music playing. Thankfully, I was there meeting some friends, so we filled the lack of noise with conversation. I had a mocha and a macadamia nut pound cake. The mocha was good, about on par from what you would get from the chain coffee shop that resides just across the street. Their availability of soy milk and quick service were definitely plusses in my book.My second visit was during the day (to get a different vibe). Much better music playing during the day (again, someone purchased Pandora ONE) and, oddly enough, different pastries. I'm not one to complain about that.I decided to try one of their specialty drinks: a Spicy Mocha, which consisted of a mocha made with chili peppers. The blend of coffee, chocolate, and chili pepper is a welcome change of pace from the usual. Like the other review states, it's a little on the sweet side, but I'm a fan of sweet stuff, so it works for me.I also had a cranberry almond scone, which had a good texture, and had some biscuit like flavor, which is always a plus when it comes to scones. Again, an inviting environment and baristas that are approachable.So, why the five-star? Well, it all deals with the mission of the cafe, which is actually non-profit. As of December 2011, the charity they're supporting is the Muscular Dystrophy Association. Profits go to benefit that charity, along with the artwork that's displayed in the cafe.There is also a stage set up in the corner of the cafe, where apparently live acts perform on the weekends. The vibe is really nice in here, something you would expect from a trendy coffee shop. It's even more of a bonus that it's on this side of the island, where there's a decided lack of places that function as a coffee hang out spot (Fresh Cafe and Coffee Talk are all quite a distance away from the Leeward side) that, again ISN'T A STARBUCKS!Great vibe, good alternative to the usual, and quiet (for now). I'm sure once word gets out, this place will be buzzing, but, until then, I'm going to savor my quiet table in the corner, writing my Yelp reviews, and satisfied in knowing that I'm helping a worthy charity while getting my coffee buzz-buzz on.Support local business and get more places like this on the island. Especially on the Leeward side.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2011,1/19/2012,181,73,11,12,13>Let me start by saying I'm not a big pasta girl. The Asian blood flows strong through these veins so rice is my starch of choice, with potatoes coming in second & pasta dragging along in third. I end up at places like Auntie Pasto's, Verbano & Assagio's not because of my own choosing but because friends want to go. I'll order chicken marsala or something to that effect & it'll be alright, meh, nothing spectacular. But the pasta at Arancino? Oh baby, that stuff gets me frisky. Perhaps it's the fact that Arancino does pasta with an Asian twist that gets me going. Like Pietro's but more upscale. If Pietro was your average Joe, Arancino would be his hot, sexy cousin wearing a D&G button-down & driving a Porsche Boxster. I ended up here for a friend's birthday dinner & doing my foodie duty I yelped it prior to arrival. I was torn between trying the uni pasta or the squid ink pasta but luckily I didn't have to choose because a friend suggested we order both & split them, along with a bowl of lobster bisque soup (which was amazing). Now I must preface this by saying I'm not madly in love with uni or anything. In fact, I only tried it for the first time within the past year, & I've had it a few times since. It's good but it's not like it rocks my world or anything. Except in this pasta. If you're not an uni fan it'll turn you in a second. A friend of mine who's somewhat closed-minded when it comes to food (poor, lost soul) tried a bite & was delightfully surprised ("It's not fishy at all!"). This dish is a bowl of rich, creamy, sea urchin loveliness & the pasta was cooked to a perfect al dente. The squid ink pasta was quite divine as well. Don't be deterred by the black color; the sauce was deliciously garlicky with just a hint of spicy heat. The tiny legs of the calamari covered in the inky sauce may also be a little daunting to less venturous eaters but don't be intimidated! The service here was great; the staff is friendly & polite. Our server even comped free birthday desserts for our two birthday guests. My one complaint about Arancino is that the space is a little tight. For example, a Japanese tourist couple came in & was shown to the table next to us. Girlfriend had to squeeze by & I swear if she wasn't plagued by Japanese flat ass syndrome (I can say that because I share the same curse of my people) there's no way she would've made it.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,1/18/2012,419,552,7,13,13>5 stars!After reading the reviews (esp. by Seleena H), we made the decision to come here before seeing opera diva, Kiri Te Kanawa at the Blaisdell Concert Hall.  So glad we did!For starters, their Happy Hour (at the bar only) from 5:30-6:30 pm is a stupendous deal!  It's 50% off the food menu (sorry, not the wine) and a 17% gratuity is built into your bill (reasonable).  Not too shabby at all!  The service by Isaiah was excellent!  We especially enjoyed his obvious passion for wine and appreciation for centuries' old production techniques (Old World).  Mahalo for sharing!We also were able to chat with owner and Master Sommelier, Chuck Furuya, regarding his 2001 red that he personally co-produced a decade ago.  We drank up as much as we could, knowing this delicately structured gem was going fast and would be unavailable by the end of the night.  He also provided us some helpful insight into our search for Italian and Slovenian produced "orange wines":  en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Or…  Come to find out, he offers two here by the bottle.  Thank you Baby Jesus!The ambiance here is a facsimile of an Italian enoteca of warm tones and vineyard scenes depicted by murals.  The main dinning room is spacious and became crowded during our nearly two hour stay.  A nice bustle and vibe with Chuck Furuya roaming table to table, chatting about the wines and making jokes.  Sommelier and a show, sweet!Inspired by the 50%-off Happy Hour, we ordered a magnitude of dishes that really gave us a spectrum of the kitchen's talent:1)  Kabocha Pumpkin and Moloka'i Sweet Potato Ravioli:Pesto marinated prawns, sliced almonds in sage brown butter.  The pumpkin was so delightful sandwiched between homemade ravioli in a delicious sauce.  The marinated prawns were succulent and not dried out.2)  Mini Veal Osso Buco:Slow braised, veal-red wine reduction & mashed potatoes.  The veal was crazy tender with a marrow I sucked dry (intense concentration of flavor!).  The adorning vegetables and mash were just icing on an already amazing dish!3)   Pan Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras:Duck proscuitto, brioche, sunny side up quail egg, orange gelee and vanilla maple syrup drizzle.  Über rich and how foie gras should be.  Simply put, this dish was layered decadence!  Some serious divinity going on here!  4)  Ligurian Style "Trofie" Pasta:House-made "country" pasta, Hamakua mushrooms, sun-dried Hau'ula tomatoes, Genovese pesto & Ligurian olive oil.  Incredible pasta dish with impeccable tasting olive oil, perfectly al dente pasta that had superb texture and a nice amount of chewiness.  The sun-dried tomatoes added a delightful zesty lift.  5)  Dungeness Crab "Alla Chitarra":Hand-cut fresh linguine, Dungeness crab, jalapeño, basil, sweet corn & lobster- uni buerre blanc.  This dish looked liked pad thai, ha!  The most spicy and garlicky dish of the night, however still stellar with unique flavors and the Kahuku corn provided nice crunch.6)  House-made Agnolotti & Langoustine:Pillows of Big Island goat cheese & ricotta with sautéed langoustine and brown sage butter.  At this point the kitchen was just flaunting their talents.  We just surrendered and enjoyed the ride.  This dish already had us at pillows.  7)  Apple Tart Ala Mode:Puff pastry with vanilla bean ice cream in a caramelized sugar sauce.  Sounds simple, but simply delicious!  The best part of this dish was the orgasmic sauce, seriously.Overall, an incredible evening!  Don't know why we haven't been here for dinner before, but this definitely changes things up as I am certain this will become a new-found addiction.  Especially at 50% off during their happy hour!  You cannot go wrong.  One of the best deals in town.  Buona mangia!!#Yelp 365:  071/365
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,1/17/2012,212,76,7,10,9>Here's something new... I'm reviewing Kissaten, FROM KISSATEN! This is like a new parallel universe I'm in! And it's only possible because (1) it's open at all hours of the day and night and (2) they have FREE WIFI! I've always dreamt of a world in which 24 hour businesses were the norm. Unfortunately beyond the world of Wal-Mart, this is but a dream. Kissaten however, helps bring that dream to the forefront of reality by making themselves available throughout the long 24 hours of a day. I've always wondered where I could go if I wanted to take a date out somewhere that wasn't creepy or closed at 11pm+. Kissaten will be one of those hidden gems I can now impress a date with instead of taking her home for a "cup of coffee." But I digress... Beyond the hours of operation, this place serves some surprisingly good food, their Kissaten Melt is delicious (though a bit pricey, minus a dollar or two and this thing is GOLD!).  Their soups, impressive! Simple and yet well done, the two soups I've tried have been nothing but liquid soup porn oozing at the cusps of my love for soup.  Their potato leek soup is divine, the poached egg is the cherry on top. The Tomato Bisque isn't even close to "marinara in a bowl," which of course I feel like most tomato soups live up to. This Tomato Bisque is creamy and yet tart, the two flavors blend well while the oil dressed blots dress the soup up nicely.Their drinks... leave much to the imagination. They're either watery or bland at times OR they're delicious one-off drinks that you can't get at your local corporate Starbucks.  Depending on your waitress, the drinks are a mystery as to whether or not they'll turn out to be as good (or as bad) as the last drink you ordered.  Their Italian and Cream Sodas are a good safe bet in my experience if you're just looking for something to compliment that order of food you're destined to try here.Parking, come after 6pm and it's free street parking. Come anytime before that and you're dumping quarters by the boatload (20 minutes per).  Park at Ala Moana and you will save a few dollars but risk the minute chance that your car gets towed.  Overall, I'm a fan. With all the deals going on (from those social coupon websites, Groupon maybe?) and the upcoming TweetUP for V-day, this place can be worth the try at a discounted price. INTERESTING TIDBIT: "Kissaten" literally means "cafe," but when used in dialogue in Japan, usually refers to a place you would take a date for casual reasons (i.e. getting to know each other). It is a common understanding that a male and female going to a "kissaten" is the same as going on a first date, as cafes are an acceptable place to interact with the opposite sex in a relaxed setting. Anyone want to take me to "Kissaten?"
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,1/16/2012,512,228,16,10,10>WOW 5 stars!The Good:*I quickly made friends with one of the workers. He looks like he could be a guy in the band System Of A Down. Very cool. Lol. Nice guy though*I love love lvoe their logo, design, layout of the store. I am extremely attracted to the presentation of everything from the logo to the chalk board menu, to the cupcakes!*Snickerdoodle cupcake was the Shitzzz!The Bad:*Location: downtown, parking is always a challengeThe Weird:*Did his System of a Down beard touch my cupcake?FYI: even if it did or does.. I've eaten worst things!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,1/15/2012,1394,153,6,10,12>Nalo baby!!! Finally an amazing restaurant in my neck of the woods!! Lol :)   It is family owned and very good!!Of course, all you really come here to eat is the pork flautas!! Even the waitresses and cooks said they only eat the pork flautas!! So my advice would be to order just that!! You'll be happy you did!!!I LOVE their flautas! Hands down the best I've had anywhere!! Always cooked to perfection and I eat here at least once a week!! With their 6 salsa concoctions to choose from (personally, I just decorate my flauta, rice, and beans with all of them!), you can't go wrong with this delectable dish!!I'm getting hungry just thinking about this!! Their rice and beans are just ok, but with the sauce on it, I can literally lick the place completely clean and be so satisfied!!YUM-MY!!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,1/14/2012,124,55,6,7,6>Sure, you got a new set of wheels, the ocean is calling for you & that stand up paddle board is ready to go. But what do you do when there's no way to strap it on to your ride? No worries, just Go Bananas!Seriously, Go Bananas. This place not only has a great selection of high quality roof racks, there's also surf & stand-up paddle boards, kayaks & a ton of accessories.The customer service here is great. I was helped by Brad, who was very knowledgeable & even took the time to show me exactly how to assemble my surf racks. It took a lot of effort for him to make a sale on this day. Some sort of event was going on at the entrance to the store involving a Chinese dragon, dancers & a bunch of loud drums. I felt a little bad for him, having to compete with all that noise, but he dealt with it, pausing when he had to, & sometimes even yelling at the top of his lungs.Sure, I could have gone somewhere else to get surf racks, but the extra effort & great selection in this store had me sold. The friendly service is outstanding & sure to bring me back.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,1/13/2012,588,341,15,18,17>What can $3.5 get you at a gourmet burger shop?  A bucket of well-seasoned, hand-cut fries with aioli sauce, that's what!  Yes, a bucket!  I did my research and I was skeptical after obsessively reading all of the initial reviews - complaints about wait time, soggy fries, no fries - luckily not my experience at all.  I have a limited time for lunch so to ensure we got to have a nice stress-free dining experience, my wonderful friend Lori I. arrived at Papa's early and placed our order.  When I walked in the door, there she was with that gleaming silver bucket of fries beaming like a beacon of fried goodness.Mind you, I was pretty proud of myself for killing two birds with one stone (or so I thought) by ordering something I had not read in any other reviews thus far and something that was going to be somewhat waist-line friendly - the black bean burger on lettuce....  But OH THOSE FRIES AND AIOLI!!  So Lori and I, being the yelp soulmates we are were both battling that bucket of fries to the very bottom, determined to test the theory that they were soggy at the bottom - hooray, they weren't!  Crispy and tasty to the end!  The black bean burger was tasty and filling!  It came with sauteed onions, bell peppers, shredded carrot and on a bed of romaine.Of course I tried Lori's pork and shrimp thai burger - AMAZING.  Order it, oh so good.  Juicy and spicy!  I love that you can order any of Papa's burger combos and sauces with any style patty you choose.  The menu is fairly short and sweet - not so complicated you just get frustrated or over-stuff your burger.Lastly, after our food arrived and the ever-organized and dilligent L checked her watch, under 15 minute wait from order to burger.  Everyone in the dining area was also given a sample of their all-ice cream shakes - we tried peanut butter (SO RICH!!!) and green tea (my favorite!).The best thing is having a nice new clean and unique option in Market City, can't wait to try the other varieties - the bibimbap with pork patty is calling my name!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,1/12/2012,297,858,6,9,4>Okay, so they're Chinese and speak Cantonese and Mandarin, but they can cook Pho too.The smell of the broth was super strong with the flavors of star anise (the star looking seed w/ 8 points).  I was super stoked when I saw plentiful, finely chopped chives floating in the broth.I opted for takeout and they packed all the normal goodies, like sprouts, basil, a lemon wedge, the sauces (sriracha, hoisin) mixed together.  The prices are fairly normal, under $9 for the beef & tripe pho.  The beef was thinly sliced and very easily torn into pieces.  It's definitely a family owned restaurant, because an under age teenage boy took my order and it looks like his sister rang me up.  I think the Mom is the main chef.  The place is tiny, but for pho, it's a quick eat or grab and go type of place.  I'm not a fan of restaurants that don't accept credit cards, so I'll have to think twice about coming back here.  On a positive note, it sure satisfied my pho craving!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,1/11/2012,772,600,24,31,33>OK, I'm sold.  So at first when I heard everyone raving about this place, I was very skeptical.  I mean c'mon...a shave ice place called "uncle clay's house of pure aloha"?  KINNNNNNDA sounds like an exotic hangout to me....lol.  But after realizing it was the old dole fang place, I realized the name and new spiffy store was just a revamping of the good ol' hole in the wall shave ice store.They have all natural flavors, with homemade ice cream & toppings to choose from.  I went for the strawberry and lychee flavors.  They were SO AMAZING, melt in your mouth awesome!  The ice cream was also so yummy, creamy and delicious!  The best part was that my shave ice maker was able to put the ice cream in the middle of my shave ice!!  Uncle Clay himself was the one ringing me up.  Super friendly man with great aloha spirit!  He also uses his cool ipad to help you pay!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,1/10/2012,658,339,10,13,7>Wow, 500 bad hair days in a row! Yeah, that's what happened to me after I lost my trusty stylist. Thankfully those days are behind me now that I'm a client at J Salon.Curly girls like me know that if you get a bad cut your hair sticks out in every direction (Brillo pad). Letting it grow wild doesn't look so hot either (fright wig). So you gotta recruit someone to tame that mane, and I found Joy, master stylist at J Salon. Now the compliments are coming once again!It's true, their services don't come cheap, yet they are competitive with other higher end salons. From the front desk to the assistants to the stylists, everyone I've met is professional and courteous. The salon is minimalist in its design and kept scrupulously clean, thank you very much.The salon is located in the IBM building, and their tiny customer parking area is always full. You have to walk over from Ward most of the time. The ongoing construction is a hassle sometimes, too. And yes, they can be a little pushy about "suggestive selling" their products, but once you make it clear you're not interested, they back off.Thanks to Joy, I'm no longer addicted to hair clips, hats, and do-rags as a way of life, woo-hoo!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,1/9/2012,835,537,10,12,11>Craaaaaving Thai food... and um... yes, I'm Thai... but HEY... I was uber tired after working a long shift... and Mommy wasn't in the mood for cookin ether... and since my cheap fave Bangkok Chef was too far away... and my expensive fave Souvaly was too far away... I came to YELP to HELP me out! :) Found Rajanee Thai Cuisine...Located in the shopping complex across from Foodland... near ASB and Jack in the Box... near First Hawaiian Bank... more of a takeout joint... two tables outside and no sitting room inside... and a must know, it's CASH only... for now I'm assuming??...Male in his 30's??... was behind the counter to greet me... super friendly guy! I told him I needed a few minutes to check out the menu... it's a fairly small menu... few appetizers, couple noodle dishes, couple rice dishes, some curry, and some meats... I inquired about "fish cake" and he had to ask his mom in the back... but nope, they don't serve fish cake... he said it's a timely process to make (yup! I know... that's why I'm tryna BUY it instead of MAKE it!) ;-) but maybe later they'll have some?! so strike ONE for me... no RED curry on the menu... strike TWO for me... sigh... so I opted to try the pad thai with chicken... the chicken satay... and a side of sticky rice to go...The sticky rice is nothing special; just good ol Thai sticky rice. The chicken satay skewers; you get 3 of them with peanut sauce. It was okay to me. A LOT of curry and the meat was... too tender?? Like I wanted to chew it more but it kinda dissolved in my mouth. Eh I dunno... it was A-OK.... 2.5 stars/5...As for the pad Thai... I got that with chicken and MEDIUM... and the portion was okay. Bangkok Chef gives more for the same price but it was an okay size... it was the bomb diggity!!! FULL of flavor! Lots of tamarind sauce, lots of spice, and enough veggies... EXCEPT there wasn't enough tofu... :( I heart tofu and there just wasn't enough of it for me.... ok ok... so for the pad thai I'd give it a 4.5/5 stars... put more tofu and it'd be a 5/5!Service... exceptional. The guy at the front is super nice and you can tell it's a homey, comforting, family owned restaurant. I just hope as they continue to grow... they'll add red curry and fish cake to the menu! :)
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,1/8/2012,149,107,9,17,12>I am not sure I can even write this review because  I am so relaxed and my body feels like jelly......all because I just finished a foot and shoulder massage at Oasis Spa.  All I wanna do is curl up under the covers and take a nap.  (sigh...)The Oasis Spa is on Kona St. on the 2nd floor of a little, two story building next to Bank of Hawaii.  This building also houses Tattoo Hawaii, Best Printing and Ailana Shave Ice.   Parking is easy as they have their own lot.This spa is simple, but very comfortable.  Hubby & I each had a foot and shoulder/neck massage.  We were immediately seated in big, comfy, leather chairs and brought a tangerine scented warm water soak for our feet.  Someone even gave me a blanket for my lap, as well as herbal tea.  I had not even been touched yet and I was already settled into a zone of relaxation.  They started us off with the neck and shoulder massage.  Who knew that just hands, forearms and elbows would turn me into a super relaxed and snoozing woman.  After who knows how long.. (hey... I was dozed off) they moved to start working on my feet.  Well, at this point, I was no longer sleeping since knuckles digging into  your feet kinda hurt!  I was alternating between pain and blissful relaxation.  By the time it was over I was so relaxed and happy that I wasn't even sure I could walk down the stairs to the car.We paid $80 each for an 1.25 hours of kneading.  I would definitely do go back for more.  Ok....nap time.. zzzzzzz!
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,1/7/2012,272,312,5,13,10>Yet another place recommended to me by my friend, Ethan T., and another "genre" of food that I have been reluctant to try (yogurt). Although I try to focus my reviews on the food, it's the decor that really impressed me when I first walked in. I was expecting some hole in the wall yogurt shop with at most 4 tables to sit at, and boy was I wrong. Yogurstory is two levels, high ceilings, bright, roomy, and modern. It took me a minute to analyze what I just walked into, but it's really a cross between a cafe and a restaurant. Their yogurt selection consisted of around 7-8 different flavors, I opted for strawberry, cream, and cookies & cream. They have a decent selection of toppings, my favorite being the plain mochi. According to Ed K., their cups come in "big and gigantic". Since this is only the second or third time I've eating yogurt, I can't give an honest comparison on their pricing to other places. I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere here, it's extremely relaxed and a great place for a date or just to kick it with a few friends. I look forward on coming back to try their breakfast menu. The only con is parking since they share the lot with Sorabol.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,1/6/2012,2265,40,27,11,10>FRIEND: "I want you to try something for me. Take a sip of this."CHAD: "What is it?"FRIEND: "A female drink, it's called Cosmopolitan."CHAD: "Errr, I don't know....."FRIEND: "Come on.... Aren't you the least bit curious?"FRIEND: "..........What do you think?"CHAD: "It's vile!"FRIEND: "I know.  It's so bubbly and perky, and happy."CHAD: "Just like the females....."FRIEND: "But do you know what's really frightening? If you drink enough of it, you begin to like it."CHAD: "It's insidious...."FRIEND: "....Just like the females." I only really go here on Tuesday nights and so should you cuz that's the best time to come here with their all night Happy Hour. On the last Tuesdays of the month is their Acoustic Nights, it's pretty intimate setting, close enough to truly enjoy live music, but far enough where they sure as hell can't tell you where to shove it when you do something insanely stupid like sing along.... very nice! But either go early or reserve a table because they get really busy that night.But really WTF Apartm3nt??? You had a bomb ass Edamame that was cooked perfectly and season so well.... but then take it off when you redo the menu??? Serious.... otherwise you'd totally get a 5 stars with your great decor and pretentious ass fireplace. Well at least you have some great cheap pizza, and not like ghetto let's use all the no good cracked eggs we dropped on our pizzas V Lounge....They have some nice desserts but seriously screw their house made desserts... order their cheesecakes supplied by CAKE ENVY, and bite into a Raspberry Truffle that will let you hear clouds part and angels sing. Oh and their Dragonberry is the bomb when staying extra late and keeping a would be cantankerous princess waiting. It does wonders for my attention span, that way I can sit there and concentrate better on what deep shit I'm in, oh and bonus cuz it's on the $5 Happy Hour list.Ok I'm out.~AAP.S. If I'm not back by midnight, cancel the pumpkin carriage and send for the glass slipper.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,1/5/2012,230,154,7,12,10>For the longest time, I was dying to check out the eco-friendly store: Super Citizen; but I'm usually in Chinatown at night. I started to feel a little depressed cause I'd pass the store's super cute window displays & feel sad that Super Citizen wasn't open at night. After numerous months, I was finally able to visit Super Citizen in the daytime & I got to touch all of their clothes, accessories & "green" products that looked/felt even better in person.I think most people do little things to help the environment; I try my best to do my part & "Go Green" by reusing magazines & flyers as part of my "Mail Art" project. I recycle paper, bottles & cans & help reduce the landfill by donating clothing & books + I'll proudly show off something I bought at the thrift store. However, my contributions seem tiny compared to Sandra Fowler, owner of the environmentally friendly store:Super Citizen. I believe this sustainable lifestyle store continues to do an amazing job helping with the "green movement."Super Citizen is located on the outskirts of Mark's Garage & offers fun + easy ways to help the environment; the clothing offered in the store is either organic, made from recycled materials: wine bags or recycled water bottles. Some of the purses carried within the store are constructed from vintage Kimonos; they also have notebooks made from sugarcane pulp. But my favorite thing about their clothes is the denim: skirts, jackets & jeans are made from remnants of denim that's been collected all over the world. If the denim wasn't reused, it would've been burned.Sandra reminds me of a modern day Captain Planet & I think she answered what a sustainable lifestyle is best, "Every tiny bit counts, whether it's bringing your own re-usable bottle of water to work or driving an electric car... everyone's contribution matters, whether it's big or small."I doubt we'll be able to save the environment in one day; but being smarter about our actions & what we purchase are tiny steps that help the bigger picture. If you want to help the "green movement" but you're not sure where to start & happen to be in Chinatown, make sure that a visit to Super Citizen is on your list of things to-do; their products are for the (new/experienced) eco-conscious consumer.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,1/4/2012,442,466,25,30,27>TOWNIE MOCHI LOVERS UNITE!! My favorite: sweet potato haupia mochi followed by plain haupia mochi!!"Made in Hawaii" opened a storefront 12 days ago on Beretania Street, before McCully. I'm not even a huge mochi fan, and I usually will skip the typical New Year's Day ozoni and kinako mochi, but this stuff is too good to pass up. Here are the people responsible for my current mochi obsession and elevated blood sugar levels:Grant S: your review 6 months ago for the Aiea location (too far!!) had me hunting down these sweet suckers at the KCC Farmer's Market wondering what all the fuss was about. I got the fresh strawberry/azuki mochi. Let me show my friends the picture that made us fast friends:yelp.com/biz_photos/2xnU…Alice C: Fellow townie, IT'S FINALLY HERE!! You and Grant are going to give me adult onset diabetes if you keep on writing about all these succulent sticky mochi concoctions filled with heavenly things like sweet potato/haupia, peanut butter, strawberry/azuki, oreo cookies and cream, pineapple blueberry cheesecake, taro, peanutbutter chocolate, and lilikoi cheesecake.Here's Alice's picture from the assortment pack, but a picture doesn't do these things justice:yelp.com/biz_photos/2xnU…Kim C: oh sweet baby buddha! Girl, I wasn't sure when I was going to be out there in Aiea, and then POOF, this one appears!! Thanks for reminding me that this place causes me to fall into a mochi-coma dreaming about the haupia filling inside the soft pillows of mochi; it is, as you say, "pure bliss".  Kim has 13 pictures from the Aiea store in her review, go check it out.  This Beretania location doesn't have quite the same extensive selection, but there are still jams and jellies on the shelves.LOCATION: It's kind of tricky to find. I've driven past the store at least 18 times (since they opened on 6/17) and never saw it. I drove past it today, specifically LOOKING for it, and didn't find it the first go around. So my best advice to you is: From Isenberg, turn on Beretania St., there will be parked cars in the left lane, so slow down when you're driving in the middle lane after you pass Kemole Ln on your left, and drive really slowly when you're getting close to Mini Garden and when you see that white sign for "Shinn" with the Japanese kanji and "izakaya dining" you need to TURN LEFT immediately before the sign!! If you pass that sign, and see Mini Garden, it's TOO LATE! Go around the block..You'll probably miss it the first time. But this is what it looks like, if that helps:yelp.com/user_local_phot…PRICES: CHEAPER THAN AT KCC Farmers market!! Starts around $5.25 for 3pc of haupia filled, up to $49.95 for the party pack with 25 pieces. Order ahead of time if you want specific flavors..or gift packsyelp.com/user_local_phot…HOURS: Tue-Fri 11am-5:30pm, Sat/Sun 11am-4pm (CLOSED MONDAYS)CREDIT CARDS accepted.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,1/3/2012,106,158,6,12,11>This food truck is located right across from blaisdell's ticket box office on Ward Ave. Parking is located in the big lot where they have the $20 wash and wax company but its paid parking. (I didn't pay tho... sshhhhhh!!!) You cannot miss this cute purple truck with cute little cartoon musubi artwork on it. I tried their "bomb" musubi ($6) which is a flash-fried musubi with spicy ahi. I was expecting the musubi to be fried but when I got it, it didn't have a batter on it so I was confused. There wasn't even oil on it. My only guess is that the musubi was grilled to give it that crunchy crispy rice on the outside. I guess that's better for me that it wasn't "fried". The final product was a big riceball rolled in furikake, grilled? then sliced in half and on top was about a quarter pound of spicy tuna and some green onions. A few veggie potato chips decorated the plate. A wasabi-mayo tarter sauce? was included but I wasn't sure if that was for the musubi or the veggie chips. I also tried one of their daily special plates. Chicken and spring roll plate ($7). It came with 2-3 pieces of fried chicken drumsticks. The plate also came with 2 skinny spring rolls cut in half, 2 scoops of rice, vermicelli and thinly sliced cucumbers. The usual Vietnamese fish sauce accompanied the plate. The texture of the fried chicken was different from other places, it tasted really good. The spring rolls were really good, almost as good as mom makes but I wish the spring rolls were more stuffed. My friend got the pork loin plate ($7.50) and he was nice enough to let me try a piece which was really good as well. I don't eat pork chops or loins or whatevers so I really cant compare or judge. The menu on their facebook page shows different kinds of fried musubi's and desserts so I wasn't expecting much when I got to the truck. They offer regular plate lunches daily. I was excited for this place to open and after trying a few items, I wasn't disappointed. I skipped the fried desserts this time but maybe in the future I will try their fried cupcakes. Things can only get better for this new business, I hope they add a few new items to their menu and more pieces to the chicken plate and make their spring rolls bigger. Overall, It was a good experience and I would definitely recommend you try this truck. :D
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,1/2/2012,19,121,30,56,34>This was the best spa experience I've ever had.  A hidden gem.  And I've gone back twice just to make sure it wasn't a mirage.Make sure you heed the yelpers' advice on parking and location.  It could get frustrating before you even enter the fine wood door.  Yes, fine wood door--you can't miss it.  It's like walking into another world.The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  Water and tea provided upon arrival.  You'll be led to a changing room and asked to don either a robe or spa clothes depending on what services you've chosen.  Your belongings will be safe in a locker.  The lounges, if you need to use one, are very relaxing and comfortable.  The massage therapists are well trained and will accommodate your preferences.  The hot stone room was an excellent before/after option.  And, you can lounge around all day at the spa if you choose.  No one will rush you.First class all the way.  But, call ahead.  They can be quite popular!!
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,1/1/2012,260,347,12,11,11>BEST ITALIAN FOOD HANDS DOWN! This place is as close at it gets! Ive been coming here for years now, and this place leaves me happy every single time. Ever since i can remember ive visited Amina at their old location in Kailua, prior to their move in to town. One day i was totally heart broken, an extreme state of chaos when i drove up to their previous location in Kailua, only to find that it had been closed down. I was on the brink of falling to my knees screaming "I GOT NO WHERE ELSE TO GO!" for years, i was in a pasta comma. Yea, it was tough, and the side effects were quite horrific. Night sweats, cotton mouth, the thousand yard stare. Nothing could compare to the great pasta i had once tasted at this miraculous Italian pizzeria. Then one day, i light from the heavens shine down on me while i was driving down Kalakau, and a voice said to me. "All these years you have been deprived.. deprived of the greatest pasta you have come to love, and all these years. I have moved along with you to your new home in town." Could it be??? AMINA??? you followed me home and i didnt notice your new location. My mind exploded with happiness, and my stomach was tingling. I burst through the doors of AMINA's and the same lady had recognized me, and asked me if i had wanted the same thing i always ordered. HARK! a true italian pasta handler! my dreams had come true. All my days of fantasizing of dipping that Soft italian loaf of bread into that hot sweet CHICKEN FETTUCCINE ALFREDO SAUCE had me all worked up in the head. I needed a quick fix. I didnt just eat it. I bathed in it, it was raining alfredo up in AMINA. sauce drippin everywhere!Eatting at amina's isnt just an experience, its an epic adventure! cant wait till next time. Im throwing back some pizza slices.Room space is kinda small- but i say it makes more comfy and cozy to intensify that connection between you and that savory italian dish!Service is excellent-The wait isnt all that bad. the pasta all ways comes out steaming hot, it sends tingles through my finger tips and rattles my brain. If you dont like waiting, call ahead, you can do take out. Bring that luscious piece of Amina back home with you. Food- can you say PASTA MAGNIFICO!?! and at decent prices. what else can i say? nothing. go dance in it!
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,12/31/2011,209,95,7,9,9>This is the second night this week that I dined with Royalty.  But this time the Royal whom I dined with need not be abdicated for false-representation.Sushi King is amazeballs.I can't really speak to the sushi, per se, but the food is fresh, delicious and more Japanese than a bento box from Shirokiya (even though Shirokiya is pretty much legit Japanese, I think ...)The tonkatsu is extremely moist and isn't over-fried.  I swear that it came out looking like a 24K gold jewelry piece!The teriyaki salmon is amayyyyyzzzing ... freshly grilled, the salmon tastes like it was fed butter before it was harvested and prepared.  The fish was flaky (in a good way) and melted in my mouth!Hawaiian Roll is just OK.  This was my only experience with the sushi.  It's basically what other restaurants would call their "Rainbow Roll": a California Roll (imitation crab salad and avocado) topped with sashimi pieces of ahi, salmon, mahi mahi, and shrimp.A large bottle of KIRIN is $7.50 ... pretty typical for a Japanese joint. But the beer glass comes out frosty and KIRIN will never let you down!!The Japanese ladies are so polite and mine even took the time to help me pare down my choices for the 2-choice Combination Platter I ordered.I'll be coming back to try their late-night jumbo special because I'm a big boy and my diet doesn't stop until I try all the restaurants near my apt. off King St.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,12/30/2011,380,335,7,9,7>I'm gonna say it right now: WHO WANTS TO RACE ME (preferably other girls lol)!!?!!I went with a group of dudes who showed me no mercy. Not even my bf that beezy...  Yes I got jostled a few times, (even though you're not supposed to bump ppl!) Anyways Hawaii's first and only go kart place! It's a blast! I got the $45 for 3 races, each race is 14 laps. If you come with a big enough party (I think 5 or more) you can have your own race! Otherwise you probably have to share with random ppl, which isn't that bad I guess.They designed it so that the point isn't really to race against your party, it's to race against the clock and get the best lap time possible. Thus, if someone is trying to pass you, you should let them. Actually they make you go to the side if someone is trying to pass you otherwise they'll slow down your kart. If you have one of the top times, you get your name and picture on the screen! Yes, for everybody to look at until someone breaks your record, so look pretty! Or rugged. They also give you a print out of your times, overall ranking, etc. If you come in last or 2nd to last in your race, you get minus points, regardless of how fast your time is. SO DRIVE WITH SLOWER PPL IF YOU WANT TO RACK UP POINTS! Bahahaha. Also, no bumping others unless you want to get your car slowed down by the staff monitoring the race... embarrassing! Minusing a star because it just gets so freaking packed (even though it's not their fault) and you can end up waiting forever!SO FUN SO FUN SO FUN SO FUN! What can I say, I'd definitely come back!! I should practice! Too bad it's in kapolei, like the opposite side of the island for me. Oh well, VROOOOOOM VROOOOOOOOOOM!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,12/29/2011,101,91,8,11,11>Purple Wednesday!  It's no ordinary hump day but one marked by the doors opening at Fukuya and the unveiling of their famous purple shiso musubi!  I confess, my awkward teenage years were anything but dull. At one point, I had a brief  tho intense fixation on all things purple. Head-to-toe purple was quite a sight but when it came to satisfying my purple cravings, there were no shiso anything to be had in the land of the 49ers.Back on S.King Street, I am speed walking in my Lucky Brand platforms to Shisoland.  Ignoring tempting distractions along the way - Da Spot's Moroccan Chicken, Down to Earth's Blueberry Spelt Muffin, Nijiya's Salmon Nori Bento, and that new Tea Shop (huh? no time to look) - I make it to Fukuya's doorstep in a record 12 minutes time. I get my hands on not one but two purple triangles then plan my mini plate around them by adding some mochiko chicken, shoyu chicken and crunchy namasu.  It's harmony. The salty sweet tartness of the shiso marry well with the chicken and play off nicely to the tangy cucumbers.  Near $7 later, I am trekking back to the office with my treat all the while thinking where's that purple flying carpet when you need one?!My next quest is clear - find a lipstick to match the purple shiso.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,12/28/2011,77,74,5,15,8>Now that Bubble puff isn't open during the week, it's time to move on.  After hearing about this place from a friend, seeing that it hasn't even been reviewed yet (Just opened on July 30th), I just had to give it a shot.  First, checked out their facebook, still under the radar, barely even a couple hundred likes, and the owner's (Kent Lee) twitter had just one post.The location I have posted seems to be his main location, which is directly across from Sports Authority on ward avenue, right next to another truck vendor "Tiki Truck", but since it is a new wagon, I wouldn't put any bets on it, so check his facebook/twitter page just to make sure he is working today and where it's going to be located.  Facebook: facebook.com/pages/Puffe…Twitter: twitter.com/#!/PuffettesUsually he isn't available until around 11:00, and works until he sells out, which is usually about 2:00.They have a very small menu, egg puffs, drinks, and these corn snack bars sticks  The egg puffs is a pancake like dessert, except the fact that once you bite into it, the middle is a little mushy, and gooey, I LIKE!  They have three flavors: Custard ($3.50), Chocolate - their #1 flavor ($4), and Wasabi ($4).  They also have bubble drinks, just a plain old milk tea with tapoica ($3), and lastly those corn snack bars ($.75).  As you can see, it's quite simple.I was able to try the chocolate and wasabi (The owner is a really nice guy, was even nice enough to give me a free wasabi egg puff, SWEET!) The chocolate I LOVED.  It wasn't overpowering, and I just loved the inside, the gooey-ness.  Must of been good, I finished it before I even got home.  The wasabi definitely taste like wasabi, but a very subtle taste, it isn't spicy, it just has the flavor.  I do recommend at least trying it once, who knows you might even end up loving it.  Lastly, the bubble tea.  I loved it.  It was such a refreshing addition to the egg puffs.  The tea wasn't overpowering, and he doesn't drown it with tapoica balls like other places.Overall, I will be coming back!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,12/27/2011,237,127,10,18,15>For my 100th review, I wanted to write about someplace special and let me just say that Sikdorak is such a place.  Even though I have been trying to cut back on my consumption of red meat and failing miserably, I could not resist their all you can eat yakiniku buffet served from 11 A.M.-4 A.M.  Yes, you heard right they are open until 4 A.M. in the morning!  For only $19.95, they offer a choice of short rib, seasoned short rib, ribeye, seasoned beef, tripe, brisket, BBQ chicken, pork belly, spicy pork, and tongue to choose from.  If that were not enough, your meal also comes with a great assortment of banchan and even Korean Miso Soup in a mini cast iron hot pot.On our visit this weekend, my first impression of Sikdorak was how Korean the place is.  When we first stepped in, there were only Korean nationals dining here.  Other than our group, there was a young Korean couple, some teenagers drinking shochu, and a group of guys that I swear looked like Korean gangsters.  Being that there were no locals present, I figured that this place has gotta be the real deal.  When our waiter came to take our order,  she spoke absolutely no English at all and ended up asking one of the teenagers to help speak to us. As their English was not that much better than her's, I felt like I was in a foreign country and just pointed to the all you can eat yakiniku sign that they had hanging near the kitchen.  As far as our meal was concerned, I will go on record by saying that Sikdorak is my new favorite place for all you can eat Korean yakiniku. Sorry Camellia, I just upgraded and found a "new girl" with better quality meat.  Unlike a traditional serve yourself buffet, the meat at Sikdorak is brought out to order and not sitting around for who knows how long.  The assortment and quality of the meat was also superior to any meat that I have found at any other yakiniku buffet.  Out of everything that we ate, my favorites were the spicy pork, pork belly, and tongue.  The pork belly was like eating fatty slices of bacon and I could literally feel my arteries clog with every bite!  The spicy pork on the other hand was actually not that spicy and just plain delicious. One other noteworthy tidbit about our meal was that when we ordered a second order of ribeye, they actually brought out an entire ribeye steak! That to me is worth at least 1 star alone!As much as it pains me to write this stellar review since I really do not want this tiny Korean eatery to get too crowded, I can definitely recommend Sikdorak to anyone looking to satisfy their meat fix with absolutely delicious high quality Korean yakiniku.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,12/26/2011,257,112,9,16,10>LASER TREATMENTS: I NEVER, EVER thought I'd even consider getting laser hair removal.  My best friend did it several years ago on her arms and hearing her talk about it scared me off from the idea altogether.  Plus it was always something I thought of as an indulgence reserved only for bikini models, celebrities and those who "dance-with-poles",  BUT...after hearing more and more about more friends doing laser hair removal, and having been quite fed up for some time now with the pain and problems of waxing, I decided to give it try. I believe that ALL of their staff that does the laser treatments are RNs or doctors. Calling it a Med and Day spa is perfect, because it combines the professionalism of a doctor's office with the luxury of a spa. How ingenious is that? PAIN FACTOR: It's going to be different for everyone, depending on how your skin reacts. They offer both a topical cream and/or ice rollers to numb the skin. If you choose the topical cream, it will take about 30 minutes to work and Jennifer was very upfront in saying that it takes the edge off for some, but for others it doesn't seem to make a difference. So I just went with the ice option. I won't lie...it stings...but not moreso than waxing. Like everyone says, it feels a lot like rubber bands snapping against your skin. Sore, but tolerable. I think I'll be much more mentally prepared to go in for my second treament (in 6 weeks). SERVICE (FRONT DESK): Very pleasant. When I first called, I spoke with Kim, who was very helpful and took time to give me details about their laser treatment service and was even able to fit me into their schedule that same day. I wish every spa were as pleasant and helpful over the phone. AFTER CARE: Several days following my first appointment, one of the staff called on the doctor's behalf to ask how I was doing. I was doing fine, and it was nice to know they would be keeping in touch with me until I go back for my next treatment in about 4 weeks. BOTTOM LINE: For anyone considering med/spa treatments, the bottom line is that they are expensive. At this point I'm not quite sure how much it will cost me to finish my laser hair removal process (because it's different for everyone), but it will be hundreds of dollars in the end. But waxing in general at any salon/spa (the better ones) will add up to the same amount in about a year and I'm super pleased with the results so far.  I couldn't imagine having NOT done it. :0)
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,12/25/2011,233,120,4,9,8>After hearing about all the hype surrounding this place, I had to visit and see for myself what Salt was all about.Salt was--in a word--impressive!In a few more words, I found Salt to have delicious food, exceptional service, and stylish decor.FOODVery tasty! Our party ordered the pork belly sandwich, the domestic charcuterie platter, and the french toast dessert. I won't go into detail, but my favorite was the pork belly sandwich. I was told the pork belly sandwich was a popular item among customers, and I now know why! Order it!SERVICEService was up to par. Whenever I eat out, I tend to drink excessively (water, that is) and at Salt I noticed my water goblet never went empty. Another indicator of their great service was the server's knowledge of the menu. Having never been to Salt, my guest and I asked him for his recommendations and he seemed knowledgable about what was good there. AMBIANCEC-r-o-w-d-e-dNaturally, when a restaurant receives a lot of local hype, you can bet that everyone and their brother will be eating there! It was hard for me to hear the conversation I was having because there was so much noise interference! Minus 1 star.The restaurant is tastefully decorated! It doesn't detract attention from the main focus (food)... At the same time, the decor subconciously transmits a positive energy making the experience more fun and engaging!TIPS: Arrive early for dinner as seating is almost nonexistent once 6 'o clock strikes. Ask the host to be seated on the 2nd floor... the lower floor seems overcrowded while the upper floor is a little more intimate and quiet.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,12/24/2011,1046,338,5,14,10>I passed by this place everyday for the past 2 months waiting for it to open.  This afternoon, I finally saw the "open" sign lit and people eating inside.  We decided to try it out tonight.Parking, which I see will be a problem, wasnt for us tonight.  Not sure what time the yoga classes are upstairs, but they share the same lot of about less than 10 spaces.  This place is a casual Italian place with a Japanese/local influence.  The appetizers have focaccia, calamari, hawaiian sausage (?), etc.  You have your standard salad as well as a variety of Caesars.  Pastas have three different sauces; tomato, cream, oil, and japanese (?).  Pizza consist of tomato base or Cream/oil, but with weird toppings like Chix karaage, cheese/honey etc.  This is not your standard pepperoni and mushroom pizzas.  I dont think pepperoni is an option.  Finally they have risotto with a variety of cream, tomato or minestrone sauces.Since this was our first time we decided to keep it simple.  We started with a small chix caesar salad.  This salad was my favorite caesar I ate so far.  It was well seasoned, lettuce was well coated, lots of chicken and croutons.   The small was big enough for both of us to share.  This salad is a bargain for the price.  (4.95)I had the bacon and cheese cream risotto.  This dish is rich, but tasted really good.  The rice was perfectly cooked and there was a good amount of bacon, mushrooms and broccoli.  My wife thought it was salty but I felt it was just right. (9.98)My wife had the Happy Valley Style Margherita pizza.  She thought it was good.  I thought it tasted like a plain cheese pizza with a swirl of pesto, which I found out was basil sauce.  (9.98)Looking at the other tables the pastas looked good and seemed like servings were large.  The initial service of being seated and taking our order was very quick.  After the food came, they never came to check on us.  I had to ask for water refills twice.Overall the the food was above average, but they need give consistent service.  I will definitely be back to try the other stuff and hopefully they work out their kinks in their service.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,12/23/2011,230,197,3,12,10>This is an unknown gem in the middle of Waikiki that is a must-do if you have keiki and must-do if you don't have keiki.  My kids are 7 and 5 and are somewhat tired of Discovery Center (so am I!) so this was a great alternative to something in that genre.  They absolutely loved it.  I would compare this place as a mix between M&M World and It's a Small World (without the boat of course).  There was just exhibit after exhibit of interesting teddy bear scenery and so it didn't feel like you were ripped off.  There's a kama`aina adult rate of $8 (otherwise $15).  It's $6 for kids.  After multiple exhibits of cities, environments, themes and historical eras (my favorite was the WWII scene as well as the art gallery), there is the Elvis show in a small theater and that was an entertaining 10 minutes to end the tour of the place.  We went through all of this rather quickly and that still took about an hour.  You can spend much more time in there.  One of the store staff members told me that this is big in Korea and out there it's bigger and more like an amusement park, with rides and such.  My only concern is the lack of patronage here as we pretty much had the run of the place to ourselves on a Saturday night.  Can you imagine M&M World in Vegas or NYC being empty?  So with the high overhead of Waikiki (it's located in between the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center and Bankoh, on Kalakaua), I don't know how this place is going to survive.  So PLEASE check this place out and keep it in business!As for parking, we parked at the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center parking lot and after we went to Teddy Bear World, we ate at the  shopping center food court, where they validate your ticket.  I wound up paying $1 for parking, which is a deal in Waikiki.  This is a fun place for keiki, parents and even grownups who are keiki at heart.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,12/22/2011,440,533,8,8,8>I've always said that if Manoa Marketplace had a pho restaurant and a Jamba Juice, it would be the perfect mini mall and my (culinary) life would be complete. Well, one of my wishes was granted recently when Pho Viet opened!I crave pho constantly and can (and try to) eat it every day. So does my better half, which further reinforces that he is the perfect man for me. As soon as Pho Viet opened, we visited for lunch. We both had the pho tai and an order of spring rolls. I ordered the medium ($6.50) and he the large ($7.50) because I wanted to see the size difference. Yes, size does matter: the medium was too small for me and was mostly broth. I was starving again in 2 hours and began tearing my office apart looking for food like the crazed Obliviator that I am.The next visit, I had the large pho tai and today I had sauteed shrimp and BBQ pork bun for $9.50. On my first visit, I would have rated this place 3 stars. The pho broth was weak and watery and the portion was too small. But as my friend Brandon F says, "Shitty pho is better than no pho!" Word. Thankfully, the pho broth was much better the second time. I still think they are stingy with the tiny little miniscule (get the idea) thinly-sliced meat and noodles, but hey, shitty pho . . . you know. The bun was average tasting and average sized, but a little pricey. I ate it in ten minutes and am still hungry (no surprise). I liked the generous amount of crispy shallots and green onions that topped it, but wished they had included some julienned cucumber for that refreshing crunch. Service is friendly but the bottom line is that since they have the monopoly on pho in Manoa, I'll be back. Shitty pho is better than no pho!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,12/21/2011,144,174,23,14,16>You 11/30/11 16:42:OMFG! CORNBREAD!Macca 11/30/11 16:47:??? wtf r u talking abt?You 11/30/11 16:49:CORNBREAD MTHFKA CORNBREAD!Macca 11/30/11 16:52:ok, if u gonna txt me, at least make sense.n stop yelling!You 11/30/11 16:56:the cornbread at soul, fkn awesome!Macca 11/30/11 17:01:oh, that's the place with the good fried chicken?You 11/30/11 17:04:u dam right mofo...best on da islndMacca 11/30/11 17:06:i donno, my wife went, she said the chicken was goodYou 11/30/11 17:10:dude, everything is good, not just the chickenYou 11/30/11 17:12:veggie chili, pulled pork sliders, sweet potato fries, bacon mac n cheeseALL GOOD! even had waffles with the chicken today...meanMacca 11/30/11 17:17:yea whatever. arent u supposed to be on a diet?You 11/30/11 17:20:pfft...diet schmietMacca 11/30/11 17:23:sigh...'shakes head'Macca 11/30/11 17:24:and btw, u supposed to meet at the gym later, r u gonna be there?dude, u better go!Macca 11/30/11 17:37:hello?You11/30/11 17:39:don't bother me, i'm eating
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,12/20/2011,605,309,10,14,10>A new salad place opened up in Downtown about a month ago. Well, I've seen salad places in Downtown come and go before. So I simply walked past this place for an entire month! Finally, spoke to Justin U. and he convinced me to give it a try. As I had eaten very poor the week prior, I decided to make this my salad week and maybe balance out at the end of these two weeks.So, what is Aloha Salad?+Local ingredients, whatever! We got Umeke Market in Downtown. +Expensive prices, yes, we got this in Downtown too!! +Friendly and QUICK service with delicious food that'll fill me up too? Ohhhh, that's new!!!What did I get?+Wednesday - I had the Goddess salad+Thursday - I had the Aloha Passion salad w/ grilled steak+Friday - I had the Satay salad w/ chickenThat's not even half of the salad menu! I can have a different salad everyday of the week. That's very exciting for my office job!!!I'm officially SOLD!!! Prices may be a bit high, especially for "lunch time", but the salad portions are pretty big, reasonable enough to fill me up and everything here is fresh!! You can't beat fresh!! I can't tell you how many times I have bought a salad in Downtown where my lettuce was moldy and old. Aloha Salad has all types of salads, from your boring Caesar salad, for those not willing to jump off the bridge yet, to some very creative salads, such as The Goddess salad, for those wanting something different and tangy to their day. They also have soups, fruit bowls and a few sandwiches. You can also create your own salad or order a combo: half sandwich and half salad.What will I try next?? OMGeeee, maybe go outside of my box and try a sandwich when I'm done with the salad selections!!!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,12/19/2011,328,504,6,12,10>I'm not exactly sure what else I could write or mention about Uncle Bo's that hasn't already been written, spoken, or photographed.  With 300+ reviews on their Yelp page, I will humbly offer my review of my first and CERTAINLY NOT the last visit to the home of the Boca Rotta.I have a terrific group of friends that try, amongst our busy and hectic life and work schedules, to meet at least once a month for happy hour or dinner to catch up with each other.  This month's "meeting", by a unanimous decision, was held at Uncle Bo's.I myself had never been here and so, like the nerd I am, I scoured various Yelp reviews (thank you Thomas O. and Kim. M.) for suggestions on what to order and tips on where to park.PARKING:  Like many before me, our group chose to park in the parking lot directly across from the restaurant.  $4 flat rate after 5pm fyi.  OR try your luck at finding street parking.Although we did not have a reservation, we were fortunate that we didn't have to wait that long as they were able to bus and clear a table for our group of 4.  CALL:  I tried to call the day before for a reservation (on a Saturday no less) but was told they were not longer accepting reservations for that day.  If you are able to make reservations I would recommend it, not only because I was advised to do so, but in order to avoid a lengthy wait time as well.FOOD:  After looking over our menu, we decided to order "family style" to be able to sample more items from the menu:1)  Boca Rota (MUST order)2)  Spicy Tuna Wraps (generous portion...4pcs)3)  Seafood Dip (not bad)4)  Ahi Tornado Roll (nothing was left on the plate.  totally devoured)5)  Vegetarian Pizza (Absolutely delicious!)All of our food was outstanding and delicious hands down.  I made sure that the Boca Rota was one of our orders as it seems to be a favorite of other fellow Yelpers.  And yes it's as good as everyone says it is!!  Do order it!  Aside from the Boca Rota, the Ahi Tornado Roll and Vegetarian Pizza were my next favorites.  I was so impressed with the flavors of the pizza.  All the ingredients and components to make the pizza combined to make one fantastic food party your taste buds will surely thank you for!  DESSERT:1)  Fried Ice Cream (generous portion....you'll definitely get a workout trying to slice this orb of dessert into pieces)2)  Orea-Haupia Mud Pie (MUST order.....didn't really taste any haupia though....)Thank goodness we saved room for a sweet treat!  Both of these desserts were great!  They were the perfect ending to a wonderful meal and evening.  I would have to say my favorite of the 2 was the fried ice cream.  It's sinfully delicious.SERVICE:  Excellent customer service was provided by our server as she was patient, friendly, and polite.  And I truly appreciated that, despite the restaurant becoming busy and crowded as the evening progressed, she always made the time to check up on us.  Water refills were also provided in a timely manner throughout our meal.  Lastly, I do have to mention another thing that impressed me was how quickly our orders came out......we didn't have to wait very long.Bottom Line.  Great food.  Great service.  I'll definitely be back!!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,12/18/2011,147,155,14,7,8>Let me start with saying that flying is my biggest fear.  BIGGEST FEAR!...but after jumping out of an airplane at 15000 feet, free falling for 60+ seconds, not anymore.  The crew here is super cool.  One dude dressed up as the big bad wolf from little red riding hood to lighten up the mood.  Before signing up, they make you watch this 15 minute video of safety do's and dont's until finally you are given a clipboard with more than 5943785375 lines to initial...basically agreeing that it's not their fault or the experienced skydiver's fault if you die. So we walk to the airplane and I tell my guy to do lots and lots of lots of flips.  I have no idea where these balls grew from because I was scared shitless.  Minute by minute we gain more and more altitude.  The view from above was epic.  Go-time approaches and one by one my friends jump out.  My turn was next.  We move to the door, sit on the edge with my feet dangling outside of the airplane and we count, 1...2...3!!!!!!!  flipflipflipturnflipflipbelly up facing the airplaneflip...or it went something like that.  The moral of this story is this, as a big p*ssy when it comes to flying, I strongly recommend signing your life away and jumping out of an airplane to conquer your fear of flying.  The end.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,12/17/2011,334,330,7,14,14>Ever see someone wearing the same t-shirt at an event and awkwardly trying to avoid standing near eachother for fear of looking like bobbsey twins.  Fashion nightmare!Avoid all that and pick up some serious swagger at this new D-I-Y t-shirt shop with tons of designs to choose from.  I've seen this concept in other cities, but haven't seen this in Hawaii.  BC has several brands of apparel to choose from and hundreds of designs in binders to pick from.  I really like having original t's and tanks and the local Hawaii designs really appeal to me.  I was strolling around downtown on my lunch break and was looking for a cool gift for my friend and this new shop caught my eye. This is a great personalized gift and it's reasonable in price.  The new shop is right next to a downtown anchor, JJ Dolans.  Everyone knows where that is!Here's how it works: You pick out a shirt or cap that you would like to print on, pull up a stool and then let your imagination go wild with all the design options as you peruse through the design books. The apparel is reasonably priced between 15 - 25+ bucks and then you pay about 5+ bucks for each design depending on the size.  Tell them how you'd like the design(s) placed and sit back for 5 minutes, enjoy the music or chat with the staff while they print your shirt. Voila! New clothes you are dying to wear!Check it out and support a locally owned shop.  Best part is having a custom shirt you won't find anywhere else.  This is your fashion nightmare savior!
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,12/16/2011,60,72,3,14,10>Walking into Harry's Cafe was initially a horrifying experience.  From the outside, this place looks like a very rundown restaurant that belongs in a ghost town.  They advertise a $0.99 breakfast, which in this society, doesn't seem possible.  Is this some kind of gimmick?  Regardless, my girlfriend and I walked in together and found a table to sit down.  It was quite a relief to see that other people were there just minding their own business sipping their morning coffee and chit-chatting amongst themselves.Within five minutes, a nice Korean lady came up to our table and asked what we wanted to drink.  We opted for a cup of coffee and a glass of water, but throughout our meal, she kept refilling our water and coffee as if we ordered bottomless drinks.  She didn't provide us with any milk or sugar, but there were two clearly labeled containers stating "I am cream" or "I am sugar".  What we liked best about the coffee was that it wasn't piping hot, but just the right temperature so that our tongues wouldn't be burnt.  The water was iced and served in a colorful cup.There weren't any menus for us to look over, but Harry's had their menu items plastered all over the walls, a cork-board, and a white-board.  We mainly focused our attention to the cork-board because it had menu items that we have never heard of before such as the corn beef loco moco and kim chee fried rice omelet, both which we ended up ordering.  We also liked the sign that said that if Christy was busy, we could help ourselves to our own coffee.  It was obvious that the nice Korean lady was Christy herself.As we were waiting for our food, Christy started bringing everyone plates of their homemade bread pudding on the house.  Even though it was free, we would have paid for the bread pudding because it was so very delicious with it's crunchy, crisp exterior contrasting with it's soft, raisin-filled, moist filling.  It was simply the best homemade bread pudding we have ever tasted.About seven minutes latter, Christy came out carrying our plates of food.   We were warned on yelp that the portions would be huge, but we were not prepared to conquer it.  The kim chee fried rice omelet was beautifully wrapped in fried eggs and topped with a generous slice of ham.  Piercing into the omelet, the spicy smell of kim chee wafted throughout the room.  Each forkful had a bit of spicy kim chee fried rice, ham, egg, and kim chee.  This was the real deal.   We couldn't stop eating it even though we were stuffed silly.The corned beef loco moco was a mountain of rice, stacked with two large corned beef patties, and eggs made to your liking smothered with gravy.  Who would have thought that corned beef, eggs, rice, and gravy would be such a flavorful combiation?  The inventor of this masterpiece deserves some kind of prize for concoting this mouthwatering creation.  At the end of our filling breakfast, we simply could not finish the corned beef loco moco so we asked for a box.  Christy surprised us by asking if we wanted extra gravy.  We accepted her offer and our total bill came out to $19.  Not bad for unlimited water and coffee, and the world's best bread pudding.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,12/15/2011,390,471,16,23,17>If I had to pick a single Japanese restaurant in Hawaii to entertain an out of town visitors, Tokyo Tokyo is it.  Stop calling me a banana and hear me out.  There are better sushi, shabu shabu, and sukiyaki places at vastly more reasonable prices but none can deliver the total package when the goal is to socialize and impress.  Want a better example?"balh blah blah my buddies and I went snowboarding and..."Miso yaki butter fish arrives. Clumsily use chopsticks to break fish and put half of it in mouth."Wow!, this fish is really good.  Blah blah blah drove to San Diego..."Foie sushi arrives.  Eat a piece."Delicious!  Now where was I? Oh yeah, blah blah blah my boss..."Starters are simple.  The miso yaki butter fish is excellent.  Deep sweet miso flavor throughout the moist fish.  The chicken karaage is exceptional.  It is made with free ranged chicken so there is a much deeper, more pronounced chicken flavor.For mains, the "US Kobe Beef" self cooked Ishiyaki style (cooked on hot lava stones) is hard to beat.  The thinly sliced beef is beyond prime (Japanese A2-3 quality) and benefits from quick cooking.  Two seconds on the stone, sprinkle with some salt.  Totally good eats.  The beef can also be cooked shabu shabu or sukiyaki style although I've never tried it.  The price is in line with the quality of the beef ($80 for the first four ounces, $20 for each additional ounce).   A lower grade is also offered but is only served as shabu shabu or sukiyaki.The limited selection of nigiri sushi is only OK.  The seafood is fresh and the well seasoned rice is of the highest grade but the rice is served cold.  The seared kobe beef and foie nigiri are delicious. They are different in a good way with a warm, oily mouth feel that breaks up the monotony of the more traditional offerings.  Eat them quick or the inherent oil will cause the rice to fall apart.The dining space is contemporary and comfortable.  The service is excellent.Short list of sake and decent list of wines.  Prices are in line with other top Hawaii resorts.  Note: Hawaii residents can get a 10 percent discount on the food if you complete the "Epitome Rewards Program" form online.Recommended.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,12/14/2011,3140,188,18,18,25>(Y) ou have to strategically plan for this event(O) no Pops was a HIT!!!(U) mbrellas would be helpful because it gets HOT!(B) ring friends to alleviate the wait for food(E) at the Street is gaining popularity(T) hirty two Lunchwagons participated this time(T) he parking can be a little tricky here(E) ndless amount of food to be had(R) eally long lines at Fairy Cakes and Hawaii's Fried Musubi(C) rowds here were ridiculous...at 5 in the afternoon!!(O) utstanding Fried Chicken at Hawaii's Fried Musubi(M) usubi's taste better to me when not fried(E) xceeded my foodie expectations here(E) ven the longest lines didn't discourage eaters (A) te the BBQ Dinosaur Bone..it was OK(R) est assured you won't leave hungry(L) eft this place at 5:30 and i was a happy camper(Y) ou have to try the Pickled Green Mango Ono Pop..WOW!(O) n the side street you'll find parking as well..Good Luck(R) emember to come here hungry(E) vents like this are memorable(L) ike a kid in a candy store(S) hrimp Dynamite from Koi was AWESOME!!(E) mi H from the Yelp Booth was a DOLL!!(Y) ou'll regret it if you never attend an Eat The Street(O) utside of Restaurant Row is where they are located(U) nbelivable food at the tip of your hands here(L) eave your credit cards at home...CASH ONLY!(L) unchwagons are the RAGE right now.(R) eally want to eat all the Ono Pop flavors they got(E) ating all this good food makes me happy(G) o to the Fairy Cakes line first. Don't say i told you so(R) eally great experience is what i had(E) xpecting more people to attend the next event(T) rying everything is virtually impossible!!(I) f you have no patience, don't come here ok?(T) he Eat The Street "Garlic" theme was a STINKING SUCCESS!!Here are some the places i tried at Eat The Street " Garlic " ThemeKOI LUNCHWAGON: If you haven't tried this place i highly recommend it. Lendy and Marcos serve really good food here if you are ever in the Dillingham Blvd Area. I had the Shrimp Dynamite which was phenominalyelp.com/biz_photos/RScs…yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs…Next stop was the BBQ Dinosaur Bone which was just ok for me..yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs…Then it was off to Hawaii's Fried Musubi, which was one of the two longest lines of the event. I had the Fried Chicken and Fried Spam Musubi Combo. I reall LOVED the Fried Chicken here but the Fried Musubi just didn't do it for me.yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs…yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs…yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs…yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs…And for dessert i had to try the ONO POPS. They have so many flavors to choose from but i decided on the Pickled Green Mango Ono Pop and let me tell you, it was unreal!! You could really taste the little chunks of green mango and it was just the perfect way to end the event..yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs…yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs…
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,12/13/2011,145,143,6,10,9>I went in search of macarons and left with a serious addiction to their Swiss dressing.  Definitely a fun place to eat, but their parking is pretty bad.  In fact, I think the pot holes are getting bigger every time we go there.  We went for lunch and knowing it would be busy our plan was to circle around the building once and if we couldn't find parking I'd either jump out of the car, dash in and order take out, park in an *ahem* adjacent parking lot,  or we'd go and find some where else to have lunch.  The stars must have been in alignment that day.......first we found parking right outside the door, when we went inside there were only 2 other people in line to order, and best of all even though the place was busy and packed we were able to find seating at the counter.We ordered a vegetable panini, chicken pesto panini and pomme frites (french fries).  The fries arrived before our sandwiches and I was surprised at how much they gave for $3.00.  The fries were good but it was the dipping sauce that made all the difference.  I think it was Swiss sauce (w/balsamic or mustard?).  Sooooo good.  I hope they bottle that stuff and sell it.  Our paninis arrived with a small salad, bread-and-butter pickles and more Swiss dressing/dipping sauce.  A $8.50 it's a good deal (and leaves more $ dessert!).  We didn't try the soups (tomato bisque/French onion), but they are definitely on my  to-try list for next time along with the creme brulee.The macarons were larger and sweeter than the others macarons I've tasted.  They are $1.75 each, but if you buy 12 they throw one in for free (a baker's dozen).  I tried the POG, coffee & green tea.  The coffee was my fave.  Green tea was okay, but needed more matcha.  Everyone has their favorite flavor and I intend to try everyone of them so I can make an educated decision!The food is definitely worth going back for in spite of the PITA parking.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,12/12/2011,1750,731,8,9,9>The name of this place doesn't really appeal to me, which is probably why I had no initial desire to try this place at all. However, I passed by Da Ala Cart on the way to Puffettes Egg Puffs after the Lil Wayne Concert and happened to notice their menu. I'm not sure if it was a special after-event menu, but it caught my eye. 3pc. Set ($6): 2 Chicken Wings1 Pork Belly MusubiAla Carte items were $2.50 each:Pork Belly StickAsparagus StickFish on a StickBeef Tongue StickPork Belly MusubiI ordered 1 Pork Belly Stick and 1 Beef Tongue Stick (medium rare) for $5. While waiting, I was given a free chicken wing. (Thanks!)The chicken wing was so (temperature) hot because it had just come off the grill, but I was starving! I battled with the heat and won. The chicken was actually pretty good. Once my order was complete, it was hand-delivered to me. Each stick was neatly wrapped up in foil and placed in a bag with napkins. Now that's service!The delicious Pork Belly was incredibly tender and slightly sweet. I'd definitely order it again. The tongue was an absolute winner! It was extremely tasty and I'm so sad I didn't order more!!! There were only 3 slices of tongue on the stick, but they were totally worth the $2.50. For the rest of the night, I kept thinking about the tongue and how I wished I had ordered more. I also thought about doing a drive-by to see if I could catch them before closing up...Anyway, don't let their name fool you!! This place is fantastic! I can't wait to try more of their items. Yelp 365 - #057/365
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,12/11/2011,407,93,8,10,11>While killing some time after dinner me and a couple of my friends made our way to Edge Bar.  Is it just me or as I get older, I see myself more keen to like less crowded places, more mellow bars, that aren't all fist pumping BOOM BOOM POW? A place where I can mingle with a few friends, have a few cocktails or shots, have a conversation without YELLING over the music (: maybe even sing a song, and not be weirdly embarrassed? Haha.Ahhhhhhh~ Bliss.Well this is the spot.Comfortable chairs and couches- very lounge chic.Great food, in HUGE and I mean HUGEEEEE portionsPretty good selection of beers on tap, and a full bar.Cute little pool table in the back.. OMG it takes $1 bills? First time I've seen that at a bar, SO COOL!Nice area for darts in the back.S P A C I O U S !Don't worry about bumping into people when you play.KaraokeFriendly staff.Parking is kinda if-y. I hear you can park on the other side for a cheaper rate than in front at the $7 lot. There's a few stalls in front of the bar, just make sure you don't park in Jazz Minds stalls cause I think the owner gets CRAZY and starts calling the police on you to tow. Sheesh to that woman.It's fairly new, so I don't think a lot of people know about it or have heard about the bar, but seriously check it out it'll be a great experience.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,12/10/2011,161,142,8,5,7>Happy 100th Review to me! Yay! Yay! Yay! ;)I can't think of a better place than to write my 100th review for Wang Chung's! *~*~I LOOOVE THIS PLACE!~*~*If you blink, you might miss this gem, so don't blink! The cutest, tiniest lil bar in Waikiki for karaoke, fun and fantastic drinks!I've heard so many great things about WC, especially from my dear friend Cin T., who's a regular there. Went for the first time last night and had a B*L*A*S*T!! I got to try their Lychee Go~tini and Mangotini...so tasty!! I got initiated by eating one of the vodka infused lychees.. HOLY smokes beware of the infused lychees..those little lychee balls of goodness packs a mean punch! Dan is a sweetheart! Bud, how can you not love Bud? They both made me feel so welcome. And love, love, love their trading cards...so clever!Everybody have fun tonight! Everybody Wang Chung tonight!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,12/9/2011,559,209,8,13,12>Sure dessert is my number #1 in my heart but Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day.  I could eat pancakes morning, noon, and night.  So when I would rave about the Red Velvet Pancakes from Julie'z at Kapolei people would always ask me if it was better then Cinnamon's.  I finally can give them a verdict.  I printed out the menu the night before and tossed and turned on which pancakes to try.  Yes, food gets me restless and excited. You see I love anything pumpkin flavored from coffee, ice cream, pies, to lip gloss.  So it was so hard to decide.  I wish they gave a sampler platter of different flavored pancakes.     I decided with the red velvet and the Crab Benedict. Based on my yelping friends reviews.  The deciding factor was an  Uncle that I haven't seen in ages recommendations as we waited to be seated.  CRAB BENEDICTThis dish is fantazmic!  It's the chefs homemade recipe.  It was a great combination.  For the side you can either choose between hash browns or home fries.  I ordered the half order which cost $10.25.   yelp.com/user_local_phot…RED VELVET PANCAKESyelp.com/user_local_phot…It was alright.  With every slice of my knife  it crumbled.  At Julie'z they give you a wallop of cream cheese at Cinnamons white chocolate is drizzled on top.  At Julie'z the pancake is crisp on the outside and fluffy in the middle.  At Julie'z it's the size of the plate, at Cinnamon's it takes up most of the plate.So for my red velvet pancake cravings I'll stick to Julie'z in Kapolei.A picture of the aftermath of my pancake:yelp.com/user_local_phot…COFFEEI also ordered Cinnamons Roast Coffee.  It's 50% Hawaiian coffee blend, 25% Kona and 25% Kaui blend.  I ordered it over ice since we were seated outside.  I realized how strong it was after the first cup.  It made me a bit jittery.  I suggest it if you really need a boost but not if your sensitive to caffeine.  I drink coffee or energy drinks at least once a week.  Parking:  We went on a Sunday.  You don't have to pay for metered parking which is only for 1 hour.  My GPS did not lead me to the lot where there is tons of parking it's on the opposite side.  When the GPS leads you the destination take your first right, then first right again (You will pass a hair salon), and you will see the big metered lot on the right.  Overall:  I waited with my cousin for 25 minutes for first available seating.  The outside and inside were decorated with a Halloween decorations :)Service was excellent :).  Food came out quickly, hot, and presentable.  I was about to tap out on my food but with a little encouragement from the sever I was able to finish it.  My cousin ordered the popular Guava Chiffon which was humongous and the traditional eggs benedict which she upgraded to a super combo (spinach and tomato).  She thearaly enjoyed her meal.  I will be back for sure!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,12/8/2011,779,223,15,11,13>If you have the cajones to add "Friday" by Rebecca Black to your karaoke song list, you deserve my business.  There is nothing quite like screaming your love for one of the best days of the week in front of complete strangers.  By the end of the song people will be kickin in yo front seat and sittin in yo back seat.This is the best concept ever.  Pairing karaoke with video games is like:1.Peanut butter, nutella, banana sandwiches2.store bought frozen pizza that comes with cookies3.jello shots.They have a relevant karaoke song list (which is always nice since some places have 35 songs by Paula Abdul- which is NOT fine).  The rooms are pretty awesome- can fit anywhere from 5-30 people.  Rock Band, Dance Central, Wii, Super Street Fighter, all awesome.  The Rock Band list is very up to date and you can find many of the downloadable tracks and packs available to play.I hear they have challenges if you beat staff members at their respective games.  Too bad they don't have Starcraft II or I could maybe win some time. Also I heard they had Barcraft once!  This is the new eSport phenomenon sweeping the nation.If you're looking to have a good time, bring some friends and head down to Nocturna Lounge in Restaurant Row.  Always remember, Sunday comes afterwards.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,12/7/2011,132,164,6,7,9>Pho Thinh is one of our favorite places for pho! My BF and I like to start off with an order of (4) crispy spring rolls. They are really tiny (thin....Thinh?) but it's a decent size as an appetizer for two. It's served with lettuce, some cold vermicelli, and the dipping sauce. You can choose between 3 different sizes of pho - medium, large and XL. Medium is good enough for me most times. My favorite is the pho with tofu and vegetables (cabbage, broccoli, carrots). The only thing I don't like is that the carrots are a little undercooked because of the way they cut it; would probably be better thinly sliced. BF loves their pho with rare steak. The pho broth is on the lighter side and has a nice, clean flavor. It's not oily at all! Each table has hoisin, sriracha, and two other spicy sauces I haven't been brave enough to try; all in its own little container or bottle that is meticulously clean. Service is good here. I drink water like a camel, and they are able to keep my glass full the whole time; impressive! They're also very polite.Parking can be tricky, but if you're coming for dinner you can also find parking along King Street.I'm glad we finally found a place close to home that satisfies our pho cravings. Thank you Pho Thinh!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,12/6/2011,185,168,5,8,8>**more like a 4.5-4.75**I remember reading an article in the Dining Out section of the newspaper about this place, but I didn't give it much thought until my friend said that we all had to get together and try this place.  So, seeing that my birthday was coming up we all decided to have my pre-bday celebration there.  Driving up to this place I would have never really spotted it out from the crowd of restuarants here.  There's a small parking lot in the back and it's a little sketchy, but I'd rather have some parking then no parking at all, so, I wasn't going to complain.  Walking in it was a nice place.  Because it isn't a full sized restaurant my friend made reservations.  I noticed that our reserved table had a nice black table cloth on it.  I thought that was a very nice touch.  Looking at the menu (even from at home on Yelp) I knew that I would have a dilemma on what I was going to order.  There were so many items on the menu that looked good.  Thank goodness for a big group, though, because I really got to try a lot.What I got to try was: All the desserts, Pulehu Steak, Mochiko Chicken, Not so loco moco, Meatloaf Sandwich, Meatloaf, Fish and Chips, bbq rib sandwich, and Shortribs.Verdict:  HELLO, I'M IN FOOD HEAVEN!!  I ordered the shortribs and added a piece of mochiko chicken ($3 for a la cart) because the server said the short ribs were awesome, but I really wanted to try the mochiko chicken.   The short ribs were so tender and the gravy was yum!  The mochiko chicken was good, like any other fried chicken, but I didn't spend too much time on it because I had to taste test every one else's food!!  Fish and chips were crazy good!!  The home made tarter sauce was wonderful!!  The Meatloaf plate was huge!! Three slabs of meatloaf... it was so good I ordered the meatloaf sandwich (what???  I couldn't keep asking my friend for more!).  The Pulehu steak had a very good rub on it and the not so loco moco was different, but as long as you don't think "this is supposed to be beef not fish and sausage" it didn't really bother me.  The bbq rib sandwich was so tasty too.  A lot of the things like the meatloaf, fish and chips, and rib sandwich had a tinge of sweetness to the dishes.  Usually I don't like sweets and I detest entree's that taste like dessert, but for some reason, it just works here.  Their salad dressings are all made in house (I personally liked the bacon and blue cheese one... it wasn't creamy at all.  It had more of a evoo base and then chunks of bleu cheese and bacon.  Hey, works for me!) and their ketchup is their own version.  This restaurant truly is unique.  You won't find many places that will make pretty much everything from scratch.  You can tell they love what they do here and everything they did came from the heart.  The chef even came out to give me a hug and the server kept calling everyone "babe" like we were family.  Ahhh, I can't say enough good things about this place.  If you want a good meal then this is the place to come because you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,12/5/2011,186,203,3,11,14>I have come to the realization that I had not truly had a 5 star dining experiences until I met Hakkei. Even the restaurants I have given 5 star to in the past is usually lacking in one area be it value, ambiance, or service. However,  EVERY SINGLE THING about this hidden little gem is five stars.SERVICE: 5 stars! The friendliest little Japanese man with a pleasant and gentle demeanor made sure our food was served with care, our cups were full, and my baby in her carseat under the table was ok.VALUE:  5 stars!  Affordable Japanese food is hard to come by.  Especially quality Japanese food. $11.50 for lunch special "A" which includes a different main entree a ton of little side dishes made with the utmost detail and pride.AMBIANCE: 5 stars!  Clean, quaint, aesthetically pleasing, nice music.PRESENTATION:  5 stars! In typical Japanese fashion, everything is served in little dishes, and arranged in a way that looks as good as it tastes. And last but certainly not least, FOOD: 5 stars! I don't know how to describe it other than everything has such a "clean" and "delicate" taste.  You can tell that the food here is made with quality and fresh ingredients, care and pride.  There is no other way to describe Hakkei other than a humble, first class, 5 star experience through and through.  Hakkei, you have my heart!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,12/4/2011,676,463,7,8,8>My prayers have been answered when Shabu Shabu King opened!  At one of my jobs, I get off work around 10:30pm and I'm always craving hot pot after but SHC closes by 11p so I could never get what I want.  Shabu Shabu King is opened until 2AM!!!  I had to check it out to make sure it was worthwhile.Their broth menu is extensive with at least 15 choices.  I like how they have a split broth option for $10.95 instead of having to pay for the two in full.  We chose the Healthy Herb just to compare.  The broth was loaded with a bunch of Chinese herb goodies such as dates, golgi berries, and some other things.  It was very flavorful and even more so after everything had been cooked in it.  I drank about 4-5 bowlfuls of it.yelp.com/biz_photos/WOsq…We also ordered the beef and beef tongue.  The slices of them were kinda small and the quality wasn't as good as SHC but still decent.  The sauce selection is pretty good.  I enjoyed their homemade sauce with a touch of the garlic sauce.  Their garlic sauce is strangely lime green but it is loaded with garlicky goodness if that's your thing.The refrigerated items were limited but they had some funky stuff such as chicken testicles and poultry feet.  Being Chinese and all, I had to get the testicles.  Dining companion was hesitant but he became a fan after trying them.  Once cooked, they're firm to the touch and they pop in your mouth.  I challenge you guys to try it!  It tastes like chicken...pinky promise!yelp.com/biz_photos/WOsq…Service was okay.  The workers (possibly owners) do not speak English very well so it was kinda of hard to communicate because they just look at you if they don't understand.  Despite the language barrier, the workers were very friendly.  The broth took almost 10 minutes to come out upon ordering and our beef tongue didn't reach our table until half way through our meal.  I'm sure those were new restaurant kinks that will improve over time.  I really enjoyed my experience at Shabu Shabu King and I'm so happy I have found a place to eat late at night that's not Lobster King or Sushi King (damn, all these "King" places haha).
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,12/3/2011,231,162,11,8,8>My sister and my friends are always raving about the amazing sushi and the angry sushi chef at Sasabune.  I've always been skeptical and reluctant to try Sasabune because throughout college I worked at a sushi restaurant.  I was used to being insulted and harassed by angry middle-aged Japanese men, both sushi chefs and prick customers alike.  I was so traumatized that I refused to eat sushi/sashimi for years.  The idea of having to pay bucks deluxe for an omakase dinner at Sasabune to re-live those hellish years all over again wasn't my idea of a great dinner, but my friend wanted to go and I was feeling open-minded and forgiving.Five stars for the first course of shiro maguro with ponzu!  I was surprised that the serving portion was quite generous.  Five stars for the nigiri sushi courses- toro (AMAZING!), hirame, tai, hamachi, hotate with yuzu, shake with konbu and sesame, kani, negitoro, etc.  The only thing that I found odd was that the sushi rice was unusually warm, but that probably enhances the velvety melt-in-your-mouth texture of the sushi.  The only disappointing sushi course was the blue crab temaki.  It wasn't bad, but mine was a little gritty and it wasn't nearly as good as the other sushi courses.As for the warm courses, I thought they were a little underwhelming - crab stuffed ika, baked lobster tail, unagi with tamago - they were good, but not five stars good.  I guess I was expecting life-changing food, but it fell a little short.  The exception would be the butterfish with ankimo sauce that I had in place of the oyster course because I'm allergic to oysters.  It soft and buttery fish perfection in a heavenly ankimo sauce...ah, I wish I had another one of those instead of the blue crab temaki.  Best gindara ever.For the most part, the service at Sasabune was great - the servers were very friendly, the courses came out in a timely manner, and our water and sake glasses were always filled.  My only problem is that the woman whom I assume was THE MANAGER ASKED US TO LEAVE BECAUSE THEY NEEDED OUR TABLE. WTF?!? WE HADN'T EVEN FINISHED OUR SAKE!  Whatever, we had been there for 1.5 hours so we just tanked the rest of our drinks and left without making a fuss.Overall, I enjoyed my omakase experience at Sasabune, but it was crazy expensive!  For the $275 we spent at Sasabune we could have gone to Yakiniku Hiroshi twice or gone to Gaku three times.  I would go back to Sasabune and attempt to order nigiri sushi ala carte...if someone else is paying.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,12/2/2011,231,559,9,15,10>Yelp Challenge 365  #40/365Rotisserie Chicken also known in Hawaii as Huli Huli Chicken. Koala Moa sits on Nimitz Hwy. Those who are familiar with Nimitz Hwy will know it is one way in (westbound) and and one way out (eastbound). So, if you miss the entrance, you need to make a U-ie further down the road. Now, why am I telling you this?  it's because I MADE THE SILLY MISTAKE OF MISSING THE ENTRANCE... I pass this place almost daily AND I STILL MISSED THE ENTRANCE!What I would do for a Huli Huli Chicken. The Plate lunch is $ 9 and comes with 2 scoops of rice and 1 scoop of salad with 1/2 of a chicken. It's quite filling. I had my lunch and dinner with this meal. You can purchase the chicken only.... They also sell kim chee and chinese CHICKEN salad, Another good thing about Koala is the PARKING.... never a problem (just don't miss the entrance ok?)
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,12/1/2011,731,1118,6,10,9>Ichiriki is a Japanese-nabe style restaurant. Huh? What is Nabe you might ask? Well it is a japanese hot pot which combines a flavorful broth, vegetables, some meat, and seafood in a delightful blend of flavors that are a pleasure to the tongue. Ichiriki offers great food, good service, and a very comfortable atmosphere that keeps me coming back for more.The nabe selection is complemented with appetizer and sukiyaki selections but order carefully. The Nabe is good sized and will fill you up. The Ichiriki Nabe is what they are known for and is a shoyu (soy sauce) based broth that is a flavorful broth that is a good starter before trying other varieties. The Curry Nabe is good if you are into curry flavors and the Pirikara varieties are good if you are in the mood for a bit spicier flavor. Service is ok. I find that it can be hit or miss at times. My water glass has often gone empty which makes me wish they were just a tad more attentive. The ambiance is nostalgic of a japanese tea house with bench style seating and comfortable pillows that make the hardwood a little easier to sit on. Parking is in the rear and is $2 for 2 hours. Be sure to pay the paybox or you could be stuck with a much higher bill, or just find street parking!The food is definitely worth checking out and it may very well keep you coming back for more and more.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,11/30/2011,298,227,7,11,13>Dew Drop Inn is MY happy place.As in:  "I'm in my happy place and Im not mad at the world anymore!"One time many years ago on a flight back to HNL from the mainland, I met some nice ladies who were going on vacation in Hawaii together. Once they learned that I lived there, they asked for some suggestions on things to see and do on Oahu. So I gave them a list of my personal favorite things. Things no tourists would ever find.The only dining suggestion on the list was the Dew Drop Inn. I later got a note from one of these ladies thanking me for the list of things to see. She said they especially enjoyed the little adventure of going to the Dew Drop Inn. I had told them to take a taxi from Waikiki. A highlight of their vacation because it was so unique and exotic for them.My history with the Dew Drop goes back many years. We used to live in the Makiki area and were able to walk to this quaint little hole in the wall from our apartment. Twice cooked pork was the dish I would always order in those days.The menu is in photo albums with pictures of what you are going to get. That's kind of fun. There are a number of items that are vegetarian/meatless and they serve brown rice on request.Their Sesame Pockets are unique. Mongolian beef was very nice. Kung Pao shrimp and choy sum with black mushrooms are full of flavor. I haven't tried a wide variety of their menu items. I stick with what I like. Like I said this is more home style cooking. More simple flavor than at a high priced restaurant. Mostly Chinese patrons. That is a recommendation in itself. Ask the owner what is good. Ask the people at the table next to you what they are having. I am sure you can find something that you will love.Limited street parking. Limited parking in the tiny lot to the left of the store. If Auntie Pasta's is busy you might have to park a little farther away. There is a guard in the Safeway lot.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,11/29/2011,263,224,1,11,14>It's back!!! I posted on the message board last week about the return of QUEEN ST CAFE. For those of you not familiar of this place, it was a popular place in town about a block from Ward getting positive reviews, then for some reason new owners came in took their name and disgraced the name. Us yelpers fought back and closed that site so no one will get confused of the original.  Finally after a long wait it is back! Thanks to T "I Like Try" L. who responded on my message board. Now with the name QUEEN ST GRILL AND CAFE it is finally open.  Taking over the okazuya place Sakura their new location is in Aiea. After I received that post by T "I Like Try" L. I immediately went to go check it out, but it was closed. Hours are from 10-6 pm everyday except Sunday.  Today all is good in the world because I am eating good. For my first order I decided to get their Na Alii plate with steak and spicy poke for less than $8.  Now I know the original had $5 plates, but where can you get a steak and poke plate for that price. Yes prices went up a little, but I still believe it is worth it. Still serving their  Kiawe grilled steaks and chicken, furikake chicken, garlic teriyaki ahi, smoked pork, fried rice, poke bowls and daily specials.Finally a eatery in Aiea I'm excited about and doesn't break the bank. Sorry no creative review today just straight up WELCOME BACK QUEEN ST GRILL AND CAFE.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,11/28/2011,544,212,6,9,7>This remains my go to spot for korean food. My aunt and uncle love this place and since they were in town we had to make a stop here. I had the meat jun and a side order of fried mandoo. Yes yes I over did it because i'm allowed to eat really bad once a week. :) I love the side dishes, the kim chee isn't overly sour, the bean sprouts have to be my favorite, and the tae gu is just how i like it. If you do not really like meat jun, i would get the kal bi. The kal bi they serve here is big boned. Yes, you heard me right, big boned. :) Its really good. :)Aunty Karen (no we are not related, she just knows me cause i've been going here for 23 years.) gave us an order of gim and it just made the meal that much more special. :) I LOVE THIS PLACE. :)
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,11/27/2011,266,263,8,16,15>Sorry Hal W., men are NOT only serviced in this place, but women too.I have become the first official girl to get her hair cut here. I know what you're thinking, WHY WOULD YOU EVEN TRY THAT? THAT'S LIKE ASKING TO GET ACCEPTED IN KAMEHAMEHA EVEN THOUGH YOU'RE NOT HAWAIIAN!It's true, they do cut women's hair. And they do a damn fine job of doing it too.I've had my eye on Mojo since they put up their "KEEP HAWAII HANDSOME" banner outside their store before they started on construction. Mark my words, (Thomas O. is my witness) I said, "This shop is going to be BIG." And I was right!They've definitely got their own niche market going, they're the only barbershop in Hawaii to do this concept, kind of like a tribute to the classic barbershop from the 1950s. The decor is very classic yet modern, and they've got it down to the tools they use for cutting hair, to the chairs you are sitting in. While you're waiting, you can pick up a vintage copy of Playboy Magazine or even different issues of Contrast Magazine ;) or even look at the film photos they have posted up on their wall.Unfortunately I don't remember the girl's name who cut my hair but she was so awesome. She was very sweet and personable, like she was a friend just talking story with me...and that's how barbers should be. She did an excellent job of making me feel comfortable in a man's shop :pI didn't use much words to describe what I wanted but she knew what I was going for. Before she cut my hair, she shampooed it with this really awesome smelling peppermint shampoo. Luckily it wasn't so musky so that my hair smelled like a guy's shampoo. It felt great and it tingled my scalp and made my hair smell fresh. The way it felt after was great too.After she cut my hair, I was more than satisfied. She fixed my bangs to flow with their rest of my hair and she made my haircut very clean and simple, not complex. Just the way I like it. She also complimented my hair color, which was great :)The haircut was $30, which included shampoo+conditioner+blow dry. Practically no damage to my wallet.It was a nice end to a long day and I think it's safe to say that I will keep coming back here in the future.Much mahalos Mojo Barbershop for making a dame feel gorgeous :) now you can add that GORGEOUS in your slogan ;)Yelp 365 Challenge ???\365
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,11/26/2011,376,199,23,17,18>15,000 B.C. - There is an old man roaming the plains that doesn't hunt for woolly mammoths or saber tooth tigers for food.  There is an old man forging through the grass; looking for shells, arrowheads, round stones and other collectibles of the Mesolithic period thinking that one day they will be valuable.  The woman of this period know the man as the useless ....   o   -|-    /  \ ....Collectible Man2011 A.D. - There is an old man roaming Honolulu, foraging through peoples junk at the swap meet, garage sales and  vintage collectible shops.  He is not looking for food but instead seeks toys; sports cards; old records, magazines, newspapers and comics; Hawaiian; vintage watches and other collectibles of the modern era thinking that one day these collectibles will be valuable.  Women know this man as the handsome but useless ....   ?o?    -|-                           /  \ .....Pupule Man.  People know this man as Val Y.  Genealogist believe he is a direct line descendent of Collectible Man.I cannot explain why but I have this urge to go to the Aloha Stadium Swap Meet every Sunday.  I collect things.  Lots of things!  Everything!I have become a regular customer of a couple whose name's are Nicole and Sean at the swap meet.  I have been buying vintage watches, old comic books, old Hawaiian, etc. from them for the last couple of months.  Nicole mentioned that she opened a vintage collectible shop next to Otto Cakes on Maunakea Street and invited me to take a look.  Thursday was the day that I took that look.Mish Mash is a quaint and comfortable little vintage collectibles shop.  Comfortable, somewhat because of the decor; but mostly because Nicole are so very nice and friendly.  It is always good to shop in a place where the owner is nice, friendly and comfortable.I scan the shop for something that I can add to my collection.  She sells things like vintage Aloha shirts, vintage records, vintage toys, old books, jewelry, pins, vintage watches, vintage dolls, old 60's skateboards, vintage cameras; lots of little knickknacks that she has fit in her store.Prices are very reasonable and who knows what kinds of treasure you will find here.On this day I found and purchased two old ray guns.  One a plastic Razor Ray Gun and the other a metal Flash X-1. yelp.com/biz_photos/9vc7…Both for $15.00.  Wow!  Boy am I excited.  I went home and in joy showed my find to my gf.Val (Pupule man): "Honey you won't believe what I found!"Gf: "OK!  I'll play.  I know it's not two New York steaks or a one pound slice of maguro or a honeydew melon or a package of spring mix salad or a cheesecake or even cash or something that we need and is useful.  Let me guess it is either a useless old toy that doesn't work or an old broken watch."Val (Pupule Man): "Honey!  Believe it or not I just bought me a Razor Ray Gun and a Flash X-1 at a new collectible shop called Mish Mash from a person I know named Nicole."Gf: (Rolling eyes!)  "I still remember the stuffed mongoose you brought home from the swap meet.  Pabo (Pupule)!"  I'm thinking: Women just don't understand.  I bought the stuffed mongoose for a dollar and sold it for $6.00.  That's a $5.00 profit!!!  The Flash X-1 list for $65.00/new and someone on Ebay is selling a used Razor Ray gun for $25.00.  I am the Collectible Man!!!P.S.  For your information, I sold the stuffed mongoose to some GUY at the swap meet.  In the eyes of my gf I am useless.  What she doesn't know is that there are more useless guys than me.  Whatever I buy, I know I can sell to a more Useless Collectible Man.  There are many, many, many of them out there.  I am the Collectible Man!!!P.P.S.  Though the shop is small, you never know what you will find in a vintage place like this.  It is worth paying a visit.  Nicole is very nice.  She has a table where you can sit and have a pleasant conversation about useless men if you want too.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,11/25/2011,577,251,13,10,12>My blood work just came back, and my doctor tells me my numbers are high... too high... and I've got to start eating better.  PPFff!  What's the point of living longer if I can't enjoy the stuff I live for every day? like curry? and bacon?  At least, that had been my thinking until today, when I had an awakening at Govinda's Vegetarian Buffet!  This was not a spiritual awakening: I didn't fall for that Hare Hare Krishna Krishna mumbo jumbo.  I'm talking a veggi awakening:  If cooked right, vegetables can be delicious!?!?  And still good for you?!?!  I mean, who knew?  Don't get me wrong, I've had delicious vegetables before.  I once had Brussels sprouts that tasted so good you'd have thought they were a Ben & Jerry's favor!  I learned later that the chef used a secret ingredient to make them taste so good.  That secret ingredient was bacon grease.  Ever since, I've figured that that same secret ingredient was used to make all tasty vegetables dishes taste so tasty.No bacon grease is used at Govinda's Vegetarian Buffet, yet their vegetables dishes somehow still taste very tasty.  I know that they don't use bacon grease because they believe extracting it from the pig somehow violates their non-violent beliefs.I'll be back to Govinda's Vegetarian Buffet because I live for delicious food and I do want to live longer.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,11/24/2011,865,217,42,52,45>Finally got a chance to check out Marukame Udon last week, yes I'm a bit behind. But I have a very good reason: I'm what you would call a "Fail Asian". A term I learned from fellow yelper, Ethan T ("Fail Asians Unite!", Ethan!!). I'm a FA because I'm not a big fan of ramen, saimin or pho (I catch hell from my Chinese-Vietnamese relatives all the time for this). I'll eat it if it's right in front of me......because I'm a piggy and it's food. But I wouldn't go out of my way or crave it).I've even been to Tenkaippin Ramen on a few occasions and ordered their Fried Rice & Fried Chicken Combo, every time. What of it!Marukame Udon is an exception because they have a large selection of tempura items (chicken, squid, assorted veggies) and musubis. Figured if I wasn't happy with my soupy noodles, I'd still be full from all the fried deliciousness that I was planning to pile onto my tray. And I did just that: yelp.com/biz_photos/o3ed…Only got my hands on a few pieces of tempura. They were running really low on the fried items:yelp.com/biz_photos/o3ed…EBI-TEN/SHRIMP TEMPURA ($1.75): It was cold, so a bit greasy. But the shrimp was huge!IKA-TEN/SQUID TEMPURA ($1.50): I wanted more, but they were in the process of frying some more up. I didn't want to hold up the line. The squid was tender, but under-seasoned.FRIED CHICKEN ($1.50): Not overly battered and still juicy-tender. Delicious!!The staff are super friendly and very attentive (whenever a patron gets up to leave, someone is immediately there to wipe down the tables and chairs). There's always a large crowd but the line moves very quickly. We got there at 3:30pm, it only took us less than 45mins from start to finish.Open daily from 11am-10pm. It's cafeteria-style dining and it's dirt cheap (no tipping per their sign). You pick your choice of udon and pile on as much sides as you want. It's cash only and they don't add the tax. The housemade noodles are made fresh daily. Cooked perfectly, firm but still chewy!7 Types of Udon Avail (price listed are for reg-size bowls, for lg-sized bowls add $1):1) KAMAAGE UDON ($3.75): This is their most popular udon. Simple, hot noodles served with soy-dashi dipping sauce.2) CURRY UDON ($5.25) - Hot noodles in a think Japanese curry gravy sauce. Got this one because the thicker sauce appealed to me more. Topped off marinated shaved beef (almost sukiyaki-like flavors) & tenkasu/agedama (tempura batter crumbs). Very filling, but very rich & on the salty side. The tenkasu adds a crunchy texture to my udon.yelp.com/biz_photos/o3ed…3) NIKU UDON ($5.75) - Hot noodles with the same beef toppings as the curry udon. The light broth is made of a mirin/sake/light soy base, light but flavorful. My sister got hers with the tenkasu crumbs & green onions. I wished I had gotten this one instead of the curry udon. The broth was perfectly balanced & delicious! And it wasn't heavy & made me want to go into hibernation like the curry udon.Niku w/shrimp tempura ($1.75), fried chicken ($1.50) & veggie kakiage/veggie tempura ($1.50): yelp.com/biz_photos/o3ed…The veggie tempura was the best Kakiage I've had yet. Big pieces of sweet potatoes, taro, sweet onions & carrots!! Yes, it's better than Gulick's kakiage yelp.com/biz_photos/lCFH…4) ONTAMA UDON ($4.25)- Choice of hot or chilled udon topped with a soft-boiled egg. 5) ZARU UDON ($3.75) - Chilled udon with chilled mirin-sake-soy dipping sauce.6) KAKE UDON ($3.75) - Hot udon in a mild, light broth.7) BUKKAKE UDON (not that kind of bukake, shame on you & your dirty mind!! $3.75) - Choice of cold or hot udon in a thicker sauce (unlike the lighter broth served w/the Kake Udon).
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,11/23/2011,87,129,14,17,15>It's hard to imagine, that I've lived here, born and raised, since old plantation day's, and never, never, NEVER once ate here. I must have passed this old dated ( and it was old when I was young) building 10,000 times in my life, and never stepped in it's doors not once. That's pretty sad, as it's only about a three minute ride from our house. I dunno the reason why? Maybe because it was a real old looking building back then, stark, and cold it seemed. Maybe because when ever we passed by there never seemed to be anyone in there. It seemed like they were always closed, and when open.... no customers.... or so it seemed. It took some of our paddling friends, from Kahalu'u, the whole other side of the island, to tell me how awesome this place is. It was a head scratching, jaw slack, "don't EVEN tell me that" kinda moment. Like really, you guy's actually travel this far for the grinds? And if you saw these guy's... you know... they know their food. I WAS DUMBFOUNDED! I had to try it, I'm a big boy now, why should I be afraid! Came here last Sunday, for breakfast, and we couldn't have come at a better time, cause as we were parking... there had to be AT LEAST 20 to 30 bikers leaving there at that moment. The place is so small how could they fit-em all. Well good for us cause now there's alot of room for us. SCORE!!!! Forty Niners, is one little building that's split in the middle by a wall separating the fountain side, from the diner side. The fountain side has a couple tables along the window, and those round swiveling stools along the little counter. The diner side has some booths along the wall, and tables in the center area that can seat maybe 10 to 12. The decor is from the 50's and 60's ( and could be original?) You know... the hard chrome chairs, with the shiny red vinyl seats ad backs, brings back memories don't it? The staff is all so friendly, and sincere like they really wanna make you feel comfortable, they get into conversations with the patrons. Like...." eh,,, where you from... eh you know this guy?"... yeah I know him... "what about that guy?"... yeah I know him too... "wow... TOO GOOD YEAH.... some small yeah the world?" WHERE HAVE I BEEN ALL MY LIFE? I love it here!!! The wife had the two eggs over easy, rice, homemade corn beef hash, and crispy bacon, all cooked perfectly. The corn beef hash was soooo tasty. I had the loco moco, two eggs easy over,on a home made hamburger patty, over a mound of rice, and just SMOTHERED with homemade brown gravy, you wanna talk about good home style cooking? Baby... this was it! Sooo good and, and the amount of food sooo generous. GREAT! So as we were leaving ( I couldn't take one more bite) our waitress asks... 'So.... hows the food?'.... Too good aunty! "How come you neva come before?" .... I dunno aunty,... sorry!... " You guys coming back?" OF COURSE WE'RE COMING BACK, THIS IS GREAT....... WHERE HAVE I BEEN ALL MY LIFE!
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,11/22/2011,265,441,31,18,12>Crossfit ( @CrossfitOahu ) can only be described by three-hyphenated-word, it's a MOTHER-F******-BEAST. I started off this morning by tweeting: "It's always the days just after @CrossfitOahu that make me regret ever going to the last session AND anxiously anticipate going the next," because it is the kind of place that kicks you dumpy ass, but has you feeling great and wanting to go again and again.I will admit - my cheap ass only goes to the free intro-classes, but seriously, even though it is an intro class, I feel like I lifted a Volkswagon the next day. The intro classes are meant to be a sales pitch, at least in the general sense, but Crossfit (I think) can care less if you're using them for free exercise. They know that if you are serious about your health and your muscles, you'll eventually pay to get your ass torn apart (in a good way).The GOOD: They mix it up every time you go, the intro classes are free, and the trainer (coaches) are not complete douche bags that make you regret ever walking into their building. They also keep you moving and push you to try a little harder than your sorry ass thinks it can go. Every time you go, the classes are set up do cardio, core, lifting etc... and I think they are all meant for you to sweat a minimum of 1-2 gallons per 12 minute workout.The BAD: I know it's my own personal issues, but I really feel like I have to get in shape before I attend a class. On the other hand, THEY do stress that THAT is not a problem because they will work around your abilities. I (thankfully) have managed to put my pride aside and continue to attend the classes with the perfectly fit bodies and chiseled cores. It's tough being the chubbiest (or down right fat) one in the class, but I know that I am getting a good workout when I go. Overall: I hate going here, but love going here. I'm not feeling like a douchey trainer is simply collecting a paycheck while watching you struggle with a sit-up, I feel like they help you do the best you can, then push you a little harder. There are now three locations and you membership works at all three. The free classes are on Tuesdays and Saturdays, and usually I am there sweating off a Costco Hot Dog.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,11/21/2011,112,89,9,10,9>My dad took me here for my birthday yesterday and for all you fathers out there, let me tell you this: If you want your bratty kid to put you in a kick-ass retirement home when you're old, you better stuff their face with food from Chai's. I could go on forever about how awesome this restaurant is.First off, lets start with decor. Chai's is a simple, Asian themed restaurant located on the ground level of Aloha Tower Market place. Other than the plush, red lanterns that shower over you from the ceilings, you won't find too much glitz here. It's a very relaxing, breezy setting with a stage set by the tables for an up close encounter with the best Hawaiian entertainment in town. If you have guests coming in from the mainland, they'll probably appreciate this more than a stuffy restaurant as many visitors come to the islands to kick back and relax. Saying that the food was incredible is an understatement. All of the dishes that we had were thoughtfully crafted and limited our vocabulary to a simple "Wow!" with each meal served. We had their sampler appetizer and the compliments kept rolling out of our mouths about the crunchy shrimp and king crab cakes. For entrees, my dad had the kind of baby back ribs that drip off the bone, while I enjoyed the mouth watering seafood tortellini, drenched in lobster sauce. Both hit all the right spots. Later on, I got to try their white chocolate amore truffle -- A strawberry sorbet wrapped in white chocolate gelato, relaxing in a pool of guava glaze. Ever wanted to know what a million bucks tastes like? Get this dessert, then. The service was, of course, friendly and accommodating. I actually got to see Chef Chai walking around all the tables, making sure everyone was pleased and happy. How often do you see that kind of thing any more? I thought that was impressive. Not only would I come back for the food, but for the sheer fact that I'm supporting a restaurant that cares about what they put to the plate. Well done, Chef Chai!
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,11/20/2011,410,147,10,12,12>I love La Gelateria so much, I don't tell people about it! I only bring my closest of confidants, who I trust to savor every little bite and keep this gem away from the hordes of gelato and sorbet lovers of Hawaii. But recently I've noticed a lot more people coming in during my weekly gelato break, so I guess it's about time to share.As mentioned from Lori I., La Gelateria is like a gelato/sorbet factory. During my first visit I spoke to Lorenzo (one of the main guys) and he said they make various icy desserts for a number of restaurants and local dealers. So I have a question for you, have you ever ate gelato or sorbet from Assaggio, Nordstrom's Gelato Bar, Dole Canary, or Chef Mavros? Well, if you said yes to any of the following above, then guess what...THAT WAS MADE AT LA GELATERIA!!! Their refrigerator is pretty simple, sorbets are on the left and gelato on the right. It's $2 for a small cup or $5 for a pint (But be sure to check, some pints are $6). These cups and pints are the leftovers from restaurant orders so its not uncommon to stumble across a few stranger flavors. Some of my favorite "stranger" flavors are the Blackberry Cabernet, Pandan, and Hibiscus Tahitian Lime. The only problem is that you won't see these flavors unless some restaurant or vendor placed an order. So you just need to be on the hunt! Or come in and be lucky to find it!While eating the Gelato your mouth just becomes mesmerized by the delicious icy goodness! The flavors are SPOT ON literally. So if you get a flavor like mac nut, it literally tastes like macadamia nuts! Getting to La Gelateria is a little tough, but once you get to Cedar street and pass the intersection of Elm street, La Gelateria is on your left! The best part is that there's parking. Luckily it's still on the down low so there's always parking! The only downside to La Gelateria is that they are CASH ONLY, open Monday-Friday 8am-5pm, and only have a few outside tables. I have to admit, the location looks pretty sketchy for a place to get gelato, but don't let the looks get to you. After all, you can't tell a book from its cover!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,11/19/2011,360,130,11,23,15>Bacchus, the god of libations, has come! Located in the old location of Pane and Vino - it's now lost the crummy waiting and adopted a new persona as a gay bar. I first heard about this place two months ago in San Francisco, believe it or not! I met the owner of Bar 440 in Castro, Gordy, and he told me that he was opening a new gay bar in Waikiki. How damn serendipitous is that? To have found the guy opening a bar in your hood almost 3000 miles away? I was stoked and promised him that I'd be his first customer and first reviewer!Bacchus has all the same charm as Pane and Vino. The dark wine cellar cool still resides, but there are a few nice improvements. First off there is two new private areas, a raised platform in the back and a really sweet loungey VIP room. The decor in the VIP room is amazing, a wall of wine bottles and couches to just chill and enjoy your wines. They gave this place life that Pane and Vino lacked. Previously it was just dark and moody, now there's pop electronica music playing and televisions with music videos hanging (the signatures of a gay bar). Couches and clunky tables have been replaced with hipper tall bistro tables for more stand-up socialization.At the point of the soft opening, they only had about 10 wines available, hopefully that will change in the near future. The waiters were super sweet (and hot!) - all of them eager to answer my yelpy questions about the bar. Unfortunately, they did away with Pane and Vino's kitchen (which previously had a handful of pastas from Mediterraneo). But one of my waiters, Matthew, assured me that there's a possibility of bar snacks in the future.I really like where things are going here in Waikiki. 5 years ago, all of our gays bars were sketchy and creepy. Things are really starting to look up for the gays in Hawaii! Hurrah!
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2010,11/18/2011,246,383,11,16,11>Jade Dynasty, coming from a whole chain of upper class Chinese seafood restaurants in Hong Kong, just opened its doors here in Ala Moana Center.I live in Hong Kong a few months out of every year, and I was excited to hear when I heard that Jade Dynasty is coming to Hawaii. No offense, but people from Hawai'i have no clue about what Hong Kong style dimsum is. The places we have here in Hawai'i are the push cart types. Nothing wrong with that, but you will only see TWO restaurants out of hundreds in Hong Kong that still serve dim sum like Hawai'i restaurants do. In Hong Kong, they give you a piece of paper and you fill in what you want based on the menu. At Jade Dynasty, that is exactly what you have to do. Jade Dynasty is not a large restaurant and about half the size of Chinatown's Empress. On opening day, they have live band and quite a long waiting list line. I highly recommend making a reservation for this place, if not, then at least you have something to do by roaming the malls. Just make sure you don't go into those dead reception areas of Ala Moana. Tsk tsk Macy's.So I explained a bit about how Hong Kong people order their dim sum, let's get to the main part of a restaurant review, FOOD. I brought my dad who is a 30 year veteran chef specializing in Hong Kong cuisine and my own tastebuds, experienced in many, many authentic Hong Kong restaurants. In Hong Kong and other places, dim sum is judged by really the core staple: ha-gau(please don't pronounce it har-gau) otherwise known as shrimp dumpling. We also ordered other core dim sum treats such as egg tart, beef balls, char-siu bau, and mochi rice wrap with chicken. To top it off, we even tried their Shanghai dumplings.Ha-gau - Very thin dumpling skin, which means it is very Hong Kong'ish. I expected fresh dumpling skin from a place on it's first day and it was to expectations. However, the shrimp tastes different. Definitely not a bad thing as it does taste like some places in Hong Kong, but not all places. Chalk it up as so-so.Beef balls - Very freshly made. The thing is, most Chinese restaurants don't make them that fresh and it shows easily. Very ono and on par with the BEST of Hong Kong dim sum beef balls.Egg Tart - Flavor is there, albeit the tart is very small. Would rate it good but not excellent(Macanese Portuguese Egg Tarts from Hong Kong and Macau is the standard and no where I've ever tasted is good as the real deal. Above average.Char-siu Bau - Also above average. Great tasting char siu, the bun itself's dough looks like it has sat overnight(according to my father) and that is not a bad thing, but it just becomes too soggy for my tastes.Mochi rice wrap with chicken - This is BETTER than most Hong Kong restaurants. A definite must try. Shanghai Dumplings - Meh, taste is not there and doesn't have much soup inside the dumplings. Ming's in town is MUCH better.Service - Excellent. We were given one and a half hour wait time on our walkup but got seated within 30 minutes. Fast services, good enthusiastic waiters and waitresses. Price - Way more expensive than Chinatown but we do you expect from Ala Moana shopping center?Summary - If you want authentic Hong Kong style dim sum, this place is a go. They even serve legal shark's fin if you want to order outside dim sum. Expect to pay a higher price and wait during dim sum hours on the weekends but definitely worth it, IF you are in Ala Moana.Addenum: I guess the first "reviewer" beat me to it. I don't even think hers is a real review except saying it is open but she gave 4 stars anyway. I expect more from "elites".
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,11/17/2011,651,637,7,13,11>When my friend had heard that Ailana Shave Ice opened in Waikiki, next to one of our favorite ramen places (Kiwami), we took no time in setting up a dinner date with friends to check it out!  As Shay F points out, the atmosphere isn't there.  It's in a spot formerly occupied by Starbucks, and since the owner of Ailana and the neighboring sandwich lady did not invest in renovations, it still has that Starbucks feel - dark, low lighting, etc.  But, what I love about Ailana Waikiki is the owner and his fabulous shave ice creations.  First of all, he gave us samples of his off-the-menu flavors - chocolate haupia, vanilla cream, and root beer float.  I don't know of any other shave ice place that will give you samples.  Yay!  They also have a menu of "homemade" flavors, like green tea, strawberry milk, lilikoi, haupia, etc.  These homemade creations are way supreme to the fake sugary syrups at other shave ice places (Ailana also offers a few of these syrups as well).  If you come to Ailana, you'll want to go for their homemade syrups.While I thought the chocolate haupia was to die for, I stuck with my usual strawberry milk/haupia combo (both are homemade syrups) and added mochi.  It came out to around $4.50, which is not bad considering it's Waikiki, and the serving was generous.  It's a harder sell for the locals, because of their location in Waikiki, but if you're in the area, or you're visiting Oahu and staying in Waikiki, you'll definitely want to check them out!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,11/16/2011,207,115,14,19,18>Sunny's has everything I have been looking for in a Chinese Restaurant. The food is super flavorful, not heavy or greasy and I noticed that everything tasted really fresh which is odd because I dont associate "fresh" with Chinese food. My takeout order for the UH game pot luck consisted of the roast chicken, roast duck, cake noodle with minute chicken and the garlic seafood fried rice. Roast chicken and duck- Ive bought roast chicken and roast duck from a few places in Chinatown and have ordered it at many other Chinese restaurants and can easily say that its the best here. Both were very juicy yet not greasy, the skin was very crispy and the taste was easily 5 star. It was perfect. The cake noodle with minute chicken was a first for me, Ive had cake noodle before but not how its prepared here. They noodles are a bit crunchy yet have the perfect amount of chewiness when you pour the sauce over it. The noodles are about 3/4 quarters of an inch thick and cut to about the size of a soda cracker, which I think helps keep its perfect texture. Ive never had minute chicken, it looked over cooked and dry but somehow its moist and a tad crispy also...I dont know how the hell..but it was great.The garlic seafood fried rice was light and again not greasy at all. Im not a fan of grease laden fried rice which is how 99% of fried rice is made IMO and why I never order it but here its different. The fried rice is unique in that it was light and fluffy but still had so much flavor, it had a hint of garlic, little shrimps and scallops which made this tops on my fried rice list. Service here was excellent, while I waited for my food (which was all but 15 minutes go figure) the lady/owner? offered me ice water, when my food was ready she showed me my food and offered me a Costco-like box or bags. I would choose Sunny's over any fancy Chinese restaurant that has gold lined China sets, a huge lone fish in a fish tank, pick your own live crabs or lobsters,  impossible to use smooth chopsticks and a spinning circular table thing on the table. I am a creature of habit and venturing outside of my tiny circle of food places I frequent on the weekends is a huge step for me, with Sunny Chinese Restaurant my circle just got a little bigger.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,11/15/2011,191,170,11,14,12>This place was so much fun!!Finally!  I've been wanting to check out Morio's and never had the opportunity to at his original Waikiki location.  After watching Jiro Dreams of Sushi at the HIFF, it was a natural choice to check this place out.Oddly enough, the Yeeps and I went to Pho 1 right after the movie and we did some damage there.  After a few shots of Goose trunk style, we were all hungry and ready to go.  Once the noodles were done, we were all on the digestif tip and wanted a place to go have drinks.  After a quick discussion, we called Morio's and found out he was open for 1 more hour.  BYOB baby!!!  So it was Les M., Susan F., Art T. + 1 and I.  We rolled up and the place was packed.  It's a small venue - 3 4 tops, 1 2 top, and 5 seats at the bar.  The scene was loud and we knew were going to have a great time.  Like a boyscout, I was prepared and we walked in with a full bottle of Iichiko with Goose reinforcements.Like any other sushi restaurant worth it's shoyu, sitting at the bar is where it's at. Patrons lucky enough to score a seat will enjoy the conversation and hospitality of Morio himself. Part of the fun here is sharing a drink with Morio and laughing the night away. I honestly can't remember when I had such a fun time at a restaurant as a direct result of the proprietor.Morios generosity was immediately displayed when he served our party of 5 complimentary edamame, a simple tossed salad, and tempura.  Of course being the bottomless pits typical of a Yeep, we also ordered sashimi and various plates of sushi. The pricing is competitive and the cuts of fish were generous. This new location also provides Morio with kitchen space allowing for cooked items. The fried soft shell crab was a great addition to our beverages.The evening was full of fun and great conversation. By the end of our bottles, we were friends with everyone there. I can't wait to go back and just have fun. It's nice to just enjoy the experience and forget the minutiae of being critical of service and quality. Morios is unpretentious and light hearted. Go for food & fun and I'll see you at the sushi bar!
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,11/14/2011,133,84,,15,8>Reasons why Kokua is my new favorite place to shop: 1. It's a co-op, so it's community-driven, with volunteer ownership, democratically organized...not a big corporation driven by the bottom-line. I love that I'm not throwing my money at a mega-health food national chain that is driving out the little guys with unethical practices and monopolizing motives. I love that I don't feel like a sucker for effective marketing. The marketing is low priority at Kokua, which is refreshing and real to me.2. The produce is beautiful, FRESH, mostly organic and mostly local.3. The prices are LOWER than everywhere else. FAIR is a good word for it. For example, the locally-grown organic apple bananas are only $1.19/pound EVERYDAY. It's like at least $1.99/pound at Safeway!4. The staff, volunteers and customers are authentically kind, friendly and helpful. There is a very non-trendy, more life-commitment to health kind of vibe. 5. I can get everything I used to get elsewhere and more at Kokua. And if I don't find a product I need, I can request it in the suggestion box at the front of the store. I can buy quality MEAT and local eggs there!6. It's cool to bring reusable shopping bags and there are rewards for using them. I will no longer get dirty looks from baggers at Times/foodland/safeway for making their job unpredictable. 7. The hot food bar is amazing--primarily organic, super whole and nutrient-dense selection. Even carnivorous options. :) But you will not find fast-food-quality, sitting-there-so-long-they-look-dried-up enchiladas here. You can go to WF for that. The back story:Months ago, my son started having all sorts of health problems. So we've been changing our family's diet to primarily whole foods, organic, less processed and non-GMO as much as possible. For a while I was shopping at the mainstream health food stores, Whole Foods and Down to Earth, but had always meant to check out Kokua. The first time I went, I picked up the brochure about membership. I kid you not, the thing inspired me. as I read through the guiding principles of the co-op, I said to myself, this is the kind of thing I want to be a part of. The second time I went, I paid for my membership. I've always had a bad feeling at WF and D2E, like I was being ripped off and that it's all so corporate and trendy. It seemed like a healthy version of Wal-Mart. But I like Kokua because it feels like a community, the people (workers, volunteers and customers) are super nice and down-to-earth, the prices are lower, the produce is fresh, mostly organic and mostly local, there's good quality MEAT available, and I LOVE the hot food bar. An alternative to the big-box supermarkets! It helped me to feel like this new direction is doable...a glimmer of hope!
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,11/13/2011,577,575,8,9,11>If I could eat here every day for lunch, I think I'd be the fattest person on earth.  And honestly, I wouldn't even care.  People seem to think that Big Kahuna's pizza is mediocre (because they've only tried the cheese or bbq chicken).  That doesn't even cover it people.  Until you've tried the sumo special, you haven't lived your life to its fullest.I have a going away party for me at my workplace today, and my boss asked me: "Nicole, do you like pizza?"  *pause* Me: "uh .... YES!"  I'm a poor college student ... of course I like pizza.  When she told me they were ordering from Big Kahunas I almost peed my pants in excitement.  They had an order sheet at someone's desk, but for some reason I just assumed that they knew what I wanted (because I get the same thing every time -- the sumo special).  So I didn't write down my order.  I got a text from my boss this morning asking what I wanted, and I was confused at first.  Then I remembered that not everyone understands my love for the sumo special.I also like their spinach, garlic, tomato pizza -- it reminds me of JJ Dolan's margherita pizza.  But that's if I'm trying to be healthy and all. Sometimes if i'm feeling in a sandwich mood, i just make my pizza into a sandwich.  Perfect right?  The two things poor college kids eat (besides instant ramen) is pizza and sandwiches.  And Big Kahuna's definitely does it right.Yelp 365 Challenge: 043 of 365
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,11/12/2011,392,296,8,16,10>Cake donuts in many DELICIOUS different special flavors for ONLY 10 bucks a dozen.  Come on now people you gotta get some of this cake donut goodness, seriously, get it.The way people raved about this place I was VERY skeptical going.  I am not really a cake donut fan but really, the only rival to this donut is a hot krispy kreme and that is saying A LOT in my donut eating book.Ok, you get your choices of flavors like oreo, blueberry, rocky road, maple and salted mixed nuts, chocolate frosted, vanilla frosted, etc on a (catch this one ok? Catch the song....wait for it.....) crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, donut.  Are you kidding me?  Now it is a small place near the airport with a really tiny place to stand while you salivate over the donuts but come on now....where you gonna get yourself some good stuff like that for 10 bucks a dozen...Parking is pretty reasonable (6 stalls I think) and the staff there was very friendly.  Go treat yourself, you deserve it!
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,11/11/2011,173,319,7,7,7>One of the things I miss about Hawai'i when I'm away is the food.  I miss having a ton of different types of food available.  I read about this place on yelp and knew that one day I would stop by and try it out.  I love the location of this place, right across longs, because everyone knows where the "new" longs is. On my first visit, I walked in and there were ample tables and areas to eat, it sort of reminds me of a huge garage that sells food. The menu is extensive and I had no idea what to order.  I chose the main dish with the curry, saffron rice, and brown rice, and it also came with a small portion of pasta salad.  I was soooooo hungry I couldn't wait to get home and eat it.  The "mini" did not look mini to me.  It looked like a generous sized meal that would leave me pleased & satisfied, that's all I ever ask for in my meals!!!  And I ,soon found out later that this place absolutely gave me all that  I wanted...and more. When I got home, I savored every bite of the curry, rice, and pasta salad.  I didn't know at the time that the curry was called, but it had coconut sauce in it, and chicken, vegetables, mmmmm. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  My roommate saw what I was eating and  it sold her! We went back that evening so she could try it, I tried one of their smoothies this time.  It was one of their mango smoothies that tasted fresh and delicious.  This place will go down in my book as a reasonably priced restaurant with unique food, that also took my roommate and I back to our younger days in college.  Da Spot, is definitely the place to try.  Do it and you'll be pleased!#Yelp 365 - 02/365
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,11/10/2011,94,245,9,18,12>Amazing deal for a great experience.After reading the previous sentence, keep in mind that each of the 7 courses are petite in size; but subtly striking on flavor.  The size and style of the servings are more akin to haute tapas.It is always interesting to see modern Kaiseki.  You can definitely see the western influences at work: a more minimal approach.  Where traditionally there was an flamboyant explosion of flair; the flair is now more refined and subtle. However, the usage of elaborate, ceramic dinnerware (plates and bowls) is still there.This place theatrically showcases chef/diner interaction with an open kitchen (literally) taking center-stage.  You don't see this type of concept too often in Hawaii.  This restaurant has sister locations in Kyoto and Paris.  Not including drinks, dinner is $50 per person, and you can get dessert for an additional $8.  The menu is constantly changing, with a new menu every month.  Overall, Nanzan GiroGiro is one of the best places to have a fine dining experience for Japanese food in Hawaii.They have a wide variety of sake and mixed cocktails.  I had a delicious Yuzu Sake, and the other two people I was with had Peach Sake.  I would highly recommend the Yuzu Sake, it went well with all of the dishes that we were presented with.Most of the staff are Japanese, but they do speak English as well.  My nihongo is a little rusty, but luckily a friend was able to do more of the translation.  First Dish: Crab in miso broth and enoki.  Delicate and homely flavor.Second: Peppered swordfish in corn soup.  Rich and decadent.  The swordfish was cooked perfectly, nice and juicy with a perfect peppered crust.  The corn soup was delicious, and worked well with the peppered crust.Third: Fried scallop with mizuna (japanese mustard) in ume and shiso broth.  An excellent melded infusion of flavor.  Besides the unique broth, the mustard leaves give a sharp contrast. Fourth: Wagyu on a tofu puree with side of wasabi.  It dish also came with a small dish of shiso and daikon sprouts.  The full flavored beef melded well with the tofu.  The wasabi and the mixture of the shiso and sprouts gave a great flavor contrast.Fifth: Unagi wrapped by a beet steamed egg, fried fishbone, and squash in a barley broth.  The beet steamed egg was an interesting wrap to the unagi.  I really enjoyed the squash.Sixth: Steamed chicken over a chive sauce covered in some kind of dried vegetables.  The chicken was accompanied with tomatoes and chicken liver sandwiched between slices of daikon.  Loved the richness of the liver mixed with the great chive sauce.Seventh: Ahi and uni with seaweed paste over sushi rice.  A red miso with eggplant was served on the side.  Ending the meal with more of a traditional Kaiseki approach: a great bowl of chirashi.  I loved the red miso as well; a great palette finish.Dessert: Chocolate cake lathered in creme fraiche along with a macaroon.  Dessert came with whisked green tea.  The desert was okay, good but not great.  It was slightly disappointing compared to the other dishes we had that night.I find it hard to actually pinpoint my favorites.  There was a good theme of flavors throughout the meal.  I loved the pacing, and the service was great.  It's tough, but I'd have to point out the Swordfish, the Scallops, and the Steamed Chicken as the dishes that stood out the most for me.  I am very excited to see what other fantastic dishes this place will come up with in the future.Delicious food, constantly evolving monthly menu, amusing atmosphere, and a great price.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,11/9/2011,72,79,8,12,9>These  guys do not mess around!  Move over Char Hung Sut.. move over Royal Kitchen!  This is how to do it!  You have not lived unless you have had a baked char siu bao manapua yelp.com/biz_photos/3Wrj… from Sing Cheong Yuan. ( $1.10 each )They have CHUNKS OF PORK yelp.com/biz_photos/3Wrj… ( not minced) and lots of it. You will not complain about too much bun or not enough meat.  The size of the manapua is way bigger, cheaper and more meat than royal kitchen (and i love Royal Kitchen but not as much as here )  I usually park right before the pedestrian crosswalk (illegal parking) but I am directly in the front of the store and there is never an open meter .  I am in and out with in 2 minutes.  I place my order and then go outside to hang out by my car and then they will call you in when order is ready. They have a lot more treats that they make.  The last two times that I went they had the FRESH made egg custard tarts that are out of this world!yelp.com/biz_photos/3Wrj…  I also had the peanut candy with coconut on top ( not too sweet, just right )yelp.com/biz_photos/3Wrj…  I always  make a side order for the driver(me) to eat while I am driving because I can't stand waiting till I get to my destination  :)  They only take charge card if your purchases is  over $10....
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,11/8/2011,210,228,12,12,10>Here is the thing, we walked in here on a Sunday (note that it is listed as being open until 10pm but really they close at 9!) at 9:15pm hoping to snag a delicious nabe meal. They informed us that they were closed, but one guy went back and asked the manager if they would serve us. They did. They seated us and served us 15 min after closing. One hell of a way to ensure repeat patronage!Anyway, I love this place. It is always filling and satisfying, even if it is mostly broth. I love the ume cucumber salad and mushroom appetizer. The ume cucumber is always refreshing and delightfully complex. The mushroom medley is everything you wish mushrooms to be, buttery, garlicy, soy-saucey. I would love these over pasta.My favorite nabe is the spicy pirikara. But if it is your first time go with the ichiriki nabe, it is a great introduction to the complex flavors. The spicy pirikara is spicy (DUH!) and garlicky, which the ichiriki nabe is more gingery. I always order it without shrimp, scallops, and fish with an extra side of meat (pork or beef). Then I always finish with risotto, sans cheese. We have also started to ordering 1 order of ponzu sauce to dip our meat into. I have sampled the kimchi nabe when my husband has ordered it and it too is delicious and very spicy, but I prefer lighter broths. I love this place and especially love to come here after 9:30 for their late night menu (where select nabes are only $13). Be cautious, too many add ons can really drive up the price of the meal. My husband and I usually get out of here paying about $25 a person (assuming we don't get dessert) when we do the late night menu, $35 when we do the regular price. There is no "happy hour" nabe, but apparently lunch is the same price as late night.I love their green tea shave ice with a scoop of ice cream inside. It is always just the right amount of sweet and really a perfect dessert after you get your face steamed off from nabe.I definitely need to try the mushroom nabe.Points down (but not enough to knock a star off) is that the refills on sodas are free. COME ON! I know that fountain drinks are pennies per serving! Don't appreciate being nickled and dimed like that.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,11/7/2011,152,116,6,8,7>We stopped by Paul's Poppers this past Friday (7/8/11) to check it out, after hearing about them through a PlayHawaii deal. Paul is a super nice guy, although he lost his voice at the time of our visit so couldn't really talk much. His girlfriend Kellsie who is also really friendly helps him run the business, taking over customer service at the front end, while Paul does kitchen duty in back. Getting straight to our order, on this first time visit we tried:Katsu Moco plateRating: 3 starsNotes: The portion was generous. Mac Salad was par for the course, not being bad nor great. Rice cooked perfectly (something sometimes overlooked that can either make or break a plate lunch). Katsu was moist and tender with a perfect "GBD" panko crust. Egg had runny yolk, just the way a REAL Loco Moco should be. Burger patty average. The GRAVY was the deal breaker though, which was already apparent just by the way it LOOKED, which had this unusual dark chocolate color. Way darker than brown gravy should look. More like black gravy. Upon tasting it, I swear there was Worcestershire sauce in it, as it kinda' tasted like that, with an also sort of molasses undertone. Just plain WEIRD, that gravy was. Hopefully this was just a blunder on that day and it isn't really their standard house recipe. I don't think it is, because the ones in the photos on the wall didn't look as dark as the one we were served. Lose that weird gravy recipe and it's a darned good Katsu Moco plate. Kim Chee Fried Rice & Mandoo Combo' plateRating: 3 starsNotes: I tried just a small sample of this plate, and thought the fried rice was pretty good, although it didn't have a much of a Kim Chee flavor going on. Didn't try the mandoo, but the person who ate this plate gives it 3 stars. So there you go. POPPER'S:Source of Wonton wrappers are from Chun Wah Kam Noodle Factory. Pepperoni Pizza flavorRating: 4 starsNotes: Not surprisingly, this tastes like Mr. Pizza Pocket had a baby with Mrs. Wonton. lol Actually, I tasted more of the Marinara sauce than the Pepperoni, and it wasn't that cheesy. Add more cheese and pepperoni and I'd give it a 5. Add Basil, Olives and Mushrooms along with that (my favorite pizza toppings) and I'd give it a 10! Caprese flavorRating: 4 starsNotes: This was definitely one of my favorite. I only wish my particular Caprese Popper had more filling, as the one I got only had "manini" (llittle bit) 'kine inside, while the other folks' Caprese was filled full with Tomato, finely chopped basil and Mozzarella. It was also a little too "melted down" into nothingness, yet I could definitely tell I was eating a Caprese-themed wonton. Spinach & Artichoke flavorRating: 5By far my favorite of the bunch I tried on this visit. I swear this filling is the same Spinach & Artichoke dip they sell in Costco, which if you've ever tried, you know exactly how ADDICTING that stuff is. Dangerous. lol Cheeseburger flavorRating: 3 starsNotes: Kellsie (Paul's girlfriend) told us this one tastes sorta' like a McDonald's Cheeseburger, which I suppose, depending how you feel about McDonald's Cheeseburgers, can be either good to know, or not good to know. Ya' know? But she's right, it indeed does taste kinda' like a McDonald's Cheeseburger, while it also kinda' comes across as "Hamburger Helper-ish". It just has this processed, mystery meat thing about it. I think because the cheese is mixed into the ground beef, so it's like you're eating this "glpp" of ground meat and fatty cheese in one homogenous bite. Surely kids would LOVE this one, but as an adult with a more sophisticated palate? You try it and get back to us on this one. Pork, Jalapeno and Cheddar flavorRating: 3 starsNotes: Again, this one also taste kinda' "Hamburger Helper-ish" for the same reason above in how I described the Cheeseburger flavor. Save for the addition of the Jalapeno, which I was hoping would be in a whole piece instead of finely chopped and mixed into the ground pork the way it's done here. I'd recommend they change the way they do this and instead of mixing everything together, keep the different ingredients whole, so that when it cooks and melts, you can still distinguish each main ingredient apart from each other. When it's all mixed together like this, it gets muddled and lost, hence the Hamburger Helper reference. Don't ge me wrong, it ain't bad, but with a little tweaking it could be much, much better. Turkey, Jalapeno and Cheddar flavorRating: What I said about the Pork, Jalapeno and Cheddar flavor above applies the same here. Summing it up, Paul's Poppers is a unique, innovative concept that needs just a few tweaks here and there to get it right. I give 4 stars for the ones I really liked, as they really shined... or should I say, "POPPED"!
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,11/6/2011,478,366,7,9,6>Yelp 365 Challenge #69/365Just got into my house and sat down to write my review on Side Street Inn especially because I didn't realize they had a new location until my hubby pointed it out to me when we were walking into Good Guy's Music and Sound store.I have been wanting to try this place ever since I seen them on Cheap Eats with Augie. However, I believe they were at the other location. Anyhow, very nice place with a sports bar setting. I like the decor of the restaurant.We got here early afternoon and the hostesses greeted us as soon as we walked through the door. We were seated right away in a booth and our waitress appeared asking if there is anything we wanted to drink, which was water for us both and a side sierra mist for me too.The Service:Our waitress was very friendly and helpful. She informed us that everything is ala carte, which the portions are huge to where we can share. The Food:(Appetizers)Ahi Poki for the hubbySauteed Mushrooms for me (button mushrooms sautéed with Shallots, White Wine and Butter topped with parmesan cheese)(Meats)Rib-eye steak served pupu style with onions and mushrooms *Note: This is at market price*Slow-braised Short Ribs with Mash Potatoes for $21(Desserts)We didn't order because the portions of our meal was HUMONGOUS and I was busy stressing out on the calorie intake I just inhaled regardless that I could only finish half of my short ribs and barely ate my mushrooms. I am sad that I didn't get to try their bread pudding or peanut butter crunch!The Experience:Overall, the service and food was great. I have nothing to complain about despite the fact that I wanted to choke on my ice cube when I received my check because it was kinda steep for what we ordered but who am I to complain because the portions itself cancelled out that thought quickly. So, I have to say that we got our money's worth especially since we had to take home our food.Recommendations?Yes, I would recommend this place especially if you have a huge appetite. I am definitely making a note to come here again to try one of their poultry dishes!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,11/5/2011,90,166,20,16,14>Enter Yelper stage left into an empty restaurant. The door chimes. No greeting, just the clang of pots in the back kitchen.I shuffle my feet. I peruse the menu, decide our order, and write it on a paper pad. I stick my head through back curtain. One tutu looks up and walks away. Another woman stands transfixed by the happenings on the stove. Tutu takes the paper and without a word turns away.This... is... awkward...We look for the water to help ourselves. There is none. Enter diner stage left: a tallish haole guy stands by the register patiently.Then comes the food. 5 dishes of banchan: sauteed bean sprouts, watercress, kim chee (watery and sour), potato in sweet soy, and marinated fish cake (the good stuff). Followed by 2 heaping plates of meat jun, 2 heaping plates of Kalbi, and rice. I indicate to tutu that we only ordered one plate of each. She angrily points to a sign on the table and walks away. The sign reads: My mom no speak English. DON'T talk to her!Enter Ah Lang from stage right, hands coated in red spices. She walks up to our table and plunks some additional banchan on a plate. "Eat" she orders! "I never had this for 4 years now." I look at the plate of wilted seaweed covered in Korean chili. "You EAT! NOW!" Ah Lang commands. My Dad, the ex football player, who was both an offensive and defensive lineman jumps at this little woman's voice and immediately tries some. Ah Lang turns her attention to the guy by the register. She takes his order. "Eh!" she barks. "You no order this! You eat spicy soup with pork!" The tall guy stammers, "Uh... Uh.... I guess I can eat that if you want me to." At this point, my Dad and I are cracking up...Yes, Ah Lang is demanding. And yes, she scares her diners, but hot dang that woman can cook up a mean meat jun! Soft and supple, this meat jun melts in your mouth and is accompanied with a rather atypical vinegar dipping sauce. I couldn't stop eating it. The kalbi was well marinated and not at all Grisselly. Based on her meat alone, this is the best tasting Korean food I've had in Hawaii. I was not a fan of the seaweed dish she brought out (think ogo in Korean hot sauce) and my Dad thought she overcooked it. Several banchan dishes also tasted watery or lacked flavor. But did we tell her? NO! We LIED!!! The verdict: Ah Lang may double your order (but man was I glad she did!) She might tell you what to eat (trust her, she knows whats up). She could force you to try something from her hand (must admit, I've never had Korean ogo before). And she will DEFINITELY charm you with her magic meat making skills. Will I be back? ABSOLUTELY!
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,11/4/2011,181,73,24,8,9>Dear Surgeon General,I commend you on the recent steps you've taken to help individuals quit smoking. Placing pictures of black lungs, people with tracheotomy openings, etc are sure to help combat nicotine addiction. I ask that you now address another impending addiction facing many of us in Honolulu: dependence upon bubble tea from Lin's Hawaiian Snacks. I'm ashamed to say that I am one of said addicts. I always tell myself that I don't need one, I'm not really hungry, it's not worth driving to Ward just to get one. Then the next thing you know, I'm driving into the parking lot, pulling into one of the 3 spots with the "reserved for Lin's" sign, & ordering a large blended milk tea with passionfruit boba & tapioca pearls. The icy, sweet, chewy combination is just too wonderful to give up. I obviously can't help myself which is why I'm reaching out to you & asking for your help.A campaign similar to the one you have undertaken for cigarettes is a great way to begin. I suggest attaching pictures to the bubble tea cups that will remind drinkers what will happen if they drink one (or more) of these icy delights every day. Potential photo candidates: an obese woman slurping up the last few boba & pearls from her cup, a schoolgirl getting a brain freeze, a man getting slapped in the head because he bought a bubble tea instead of picking up his son from preschool.I hope that you will take my suggestions into consideration. The war on bubble tea addiction is a serious one. & to make matters worse, Lin's has a stamp pog which when filled gives the holder a free bubble drink. How are we addicts supposed to resist that?!?
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,11/3/2011,212,76,18,16,12>DEAR LADIES,This review is not for you. I have manly man's hair.Love,Ethan T.DEAR GENTLEMEN,If you're here reading this review, you must understand how frustrating it can be to find a good stylist on yelp (uhhhhh I'm not a statistician here, but like 90% of the hair salon reviews are from a woman's perspective!). If you're anything like me, then you must want to be sure that the place you're going to can do a job well done on MEN'S hair. Because God knows we don't have silky flowing locks of sexy hair like women do!In any case, if you're such a person your search for a great men's hair stylist, can now come to a yield. Myra here did a great job of sculpting my hair to the style I showed her on my phone. I even requested that she refrain from a buzzer, she was more than willing to oblige and her years of experience showed in here ability to razor cut my hair (no pain!) and to texturize it to perfection (even at a short length!). The style stayed with me for a good 1.5 months (it even grew into a nicer long hair style by the end of the 2 months).  Well worth the sub-$35 price tag! So why am I hesitant to give this place 5 stars? I'll need to go for a Round 2 to come to a final verdict. I've been to stylists who aren't consistent and that can be disappointing. No one likes a great cut the first time and a cut on the ear the second (this actually happened to me before!).  Be on the look out for an update! Until then, check this place out, it's well worth the try (especially if they're still offering their 30% off first time visit). Cheers, Gentlemen!
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,11/2/2011,512,228,10,8,9>The Good:*Macadamia Nut Pancake Sauce - cheeeee so onos! The texture is AMAZING! It's like eating delicious foam.*Remodeled the restaurant, so it's nicer :)The Bad:*Prices are ridiculous. You'll spend a good $10 on breakfast here. Ala Carte meats and things are about $4each and they only give you like 3 pieces.*The shortstack is already $7 (yes, too expensive for my chang ass.)*The WAIT is ***KING ridicuulousssss. You could be waiting from 1-2.5 hours... I mean.. are they purposely making us wait that long so that we are starving by the time we are seated?! Goddamn.*Service is ugh.......... but I have to say it's a little tiny bit better now than when Boots & Kimos was back by the bowling alley... but service isn't the greatest, so don't expect anything.*Why hasn't this place done anything to reduce the lines and the wait for pancakes. Garrr!!The Weird:*Tourists take the bus from town to Kailua to eat these pancakes. On top of that, they wait a good 1-2.5 hours to try these pancakes. I wonder if THEY are satisfied?I know from looking at my list.. there are way more BAD things than GOOD things... but really... i only eat boots & kimos once a year... so i only have to deal with that list of Bad things for one day in a whole year. hahah ;D
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,11/1/2011,1394,153,8,10,10>Love this place!! New version of "shave ice" are popping up all over Hawaii!!! So when I decided to try this place....So the verdict:  This is definitely not traditional Hawaii "shave ice".  But it's its' own thing!! It's very refreshing, and I love that the natural fruit actually goes into the ice itself.The owner is SO friendly and makes sure that your experience is top notch!! And those juice balls!! Love those balls! Lather those balls all over that "frost!"   You can also have all the toppings you want, so I'll definitely be trying that soon! Delicious!! I can't wait to try more flavors! The strawberry was very delicious! You could tell it's made from fresh strawberries!! Not creamy per se, but definitely refreshing on a hot day!The Haupia was very good as well...but the strawberry was my favorite!  The flavors are not as strong or sweet as shave ice, but this new way of using ice is very good!I haven't been to Snow Factory & probably won't waste my time! But this place is fabulous! Enjoy!
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,10/31/2011,419,552,8,6,7>Have been here a few times with a friend to enjoy the large-sized bottles of Beer Chang.  This place is a bizzare mix of sports/hostess bar/restaurant.  Place was semi crowded with older guys in their 50's on up drinking Budweiser or Miller Light at the bar, throwing darts or charming the cute staff:  'No, I no have boyfriend', I kept overhearing.  Thai girl to guy ratio was about 1:1We were here for the beer and food.  We ordered two rounds of Beer Chang (nice and frosty) and Pad Thai with beef and Green Curry with chicken.  Both dishes were totally 'ono!  The Pad Thai is among the best I have ever eaten (and just getting back from Thailand, that's big respect).  The green curry had perfect heat, not too watery, not too creamy.  The most unlikely of places you'll find amazing and reasonably priced Thai food.  Yes, I think I'll love you long time Sala Thai.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,10/30/2011,221,283,11,7,8>Prima is almost like an upscale dining experience in a casual dining environment. The food is good and service is friendly. If they lowered their prices and expanded their menu just a bit, I'd be on Prima like Kate Moss on cocaine. A few quick tips: 1.   it's BYOB with a corkage fee of $5 per person; the restaurant happens to be right next to a wine boutique and a foodland. 2. the items all seemed to be "small dishes", so don't expect to order one entree and be good for the night. 3. they are offering take-out, but only for pizza.Which leads me into the food. The Margherita pizza was my favorite of the night. Chewy, tart and cheesy on an amazing crust. Also, do you enjoy brains? Well, their veal sweet breads may well make a zombie of you yet. The sweet breads are prepared in piccata (as piccata? hm...) and are abso-effing-lutely DELICIOUS. The curry papardelle noodles are a bit thick and long (THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID) which makes me think they make them fresh. It was yummy, although the dish doesn't really taste like curry. The fried curry leaves are really interesting and don't taste how you might imagine. The squid cannelloni was pretty tasty. The sausage had good flavor, but was a bit dry and the the squid didn't really come through. The garnishing peppers and onion were very savory and probably the best part of the whole plate, especially since they set off the protein so nicely. Also, my favorite part of the squid, the tentacles, were fried up like a traditional calamari and served as a garnish also. The crispy calamari was perfect - if they offered this on it's own, I'd be on it like Johnny Depp on Kate Moss.THANK YOU, I'LL BE HERE ALL WEEK.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,10/29/2011,588,341,29,17,10>WARNING...Although this review is about an innocent birthday cake, i'd say the links to the review pics below should be rated, oh...PG-13?Initially, I saw the cake on instagram and thought, how did they make this into an edible cake?  Oh the architecture involved!  yelp.com/biz_photos/N5xi…WHO makes THIS?!  To my utter shock I was informed Dee Lite/St Germain makes them.  I thought, this is absolutely perfect for my friend's birthday!  Thus ensued a very awkward phone call while trying to order this cake - apparently they make this in not only the "male organ" design but also the "female organ" design - whatever you like they do for you!You can choose whatever flavor and size of cake for the base and the cost is standard.  The... ahem.... decoration is $41.95 plus tax.  The best part was I could pick up the cake at any of the St. Germain or Dee Lite locations.  Luckily there's one nearby the party in Waikiki.  Thus ensued yet another awkward interaction while picking up the cake...It was packaged like this:yelp.com/biz_photos/N5xi…and the nice old lady carefully removed the box from their back chill with a curious look on her face.  She started to unwrap the box so as to have me view the contents and check its accuracy - I didn't realize she had no clue what the box contained.  She removed the covering on top of the box and peered in a couple of times - after a minute or so, I saw the look of realization on her face and she burst out laughing and called all of the other ladies to the counter to have a look.  Everyone seemed to enjoy themselves.We later discovered the scarily life-like decoration is made of some kind of marshmallow product.  mmmmm....tasty!  yelp.com/biz_photos/N5xi…#12/365
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2010,10/28/2011,295,401,20,29,25>Irasshaimase!! This place has authentic Japanese style ramen. Come here and there's no bones about the authenticity of the ramen. Of course everyone comes here for the oxtail ramen, but I wasn't in the mood for it. Instead, I ordered the Hakata ramen set with gyoza ($10.90). The broth did not disappoint and the firmness of the noodles was perfection. Did I mention the broth?!? It deserves a double recognition because it had the perfect amount of pork flavor and saltiness. The gyoza? Pretty good. But let the ramen be the spotlight of your meal here. Okay, now the good, the bad and the ugly. Good:15%  kama'aina discount Bad: there's a guaranteed waitUgly: parking!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,10/27/2011,261,112,5,11,6>Grand Opening for Tsuku Tsuku Tei! I was walking around with a friend deciding where to eat because Gomaichi was closed!  Green Papaya was closed and then we saw a neat, clean little udon shop.  We were reading the menu and then the waitress come out to talk to us.  She politely told us it  please come inside it was their Grand Opening!! So we went inside.~ Service ~She took us to a table and handed us menus.  The people behind the counter yelled out "Irrashaimase!!"  (This is a common Japanese custom)* The waitress was polite and kind.  *  She had a Japanese accent but still very easy to understand.  * She always checked on us and refilled our waters multiple times~ Food ~* Menu (yelp.com/user_local_phot…)* They have Hot Udon and Cold Udon choices- Different Curry Udon and Tempura combo udon***** I ordered the Hot Udon Tempura Combo **** The tempura was really good- (yelp.com/user_local_phot…)* shimp, asparagus, fish cake, carrot and pumpkin tempura! Delicious!! Pumpkin Tempura!!!!* The Hot Udon (yelp.com/user_local_phot…)This also tasted great!  They have one of the best udon noodles in town!* They also served me: Garnish for tempura sauce, takuwan and rice.(yelp.com/user_local_phot…)~ The Restaurant ~We were their around 1230 pm but it was quiet and not too many people.  This could be because it was their grand opening though.Everything looked very clean!!!!~ The bad ~Nothing really bad but if you are really hungry you might need more then just the tempura combo!~ Prices ~ * a few items are $6.50 but most items are around the $9-$10 range.Their tempura combos are the most expensive thing at $14.90Overall:I want to go back here again!  The prices are not too bad and maybe they don't serve giant plates of food but I really like it!  The taste is awesome.  I hope they add more menu items!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,10/26/2011,275,84,5,10,8>"Happy Birthday!"Kochi, the restaurant & lounge associated with the delicious and famous Gulick Deli on King Street, kicks it up a notch in the restaurant and lounge side of the business.With 90+ reviews, it's hard to not repeat what's already been said, but for the sake of brevity, here's a sum of the Kochi experience. Why should you come?1) Happy hour - among the list of cheap appetizers are standard izakaya fare (fries, edamame, fried tako), with a unique item here and there (corned beef hash balls? with CHEESE??). 2) Early bird special - everyone knows of a combination teishoku. It's basically the variety-ist's paradise when going to a Japanese restaurant. Come before 6:30, and the combo teishoku are about $3-4 cheaper. And IMO, the food's legitimately good. 3) Almost a guarantee - given a small to reasonable-sized party, I've yet to see a waiting line to get into the restaurant. Maybe I'm going on the off-days, maybe I'm getting lucky. But go figure, I've never seen it *packed*. (The waiter warns about Friday and Saturday nights, though.)Why wouldn't you go?A) Parking's limited, despite (3) above. When sharing a parking lot with Jimbo's facing King Street, parking's gonna be limited. It can get frustrating fast w/parking. B) Pricey off happy hour/early-bird specials? Though, in their defense ... isn't everything nowadays? It's kinda hard to hate on Kochi. Maybe it's because the last two times I've been to Kochi have been for my birthday. Why Kochi, of all places? Hey, who am I to pass up free food? Not sure whether this is advertised, but if you're here to celebrate a birthday (within a few days, let's be reasonable here), meal's on Kochi! And I'm sure there's some limitation, like you have to actually be with other people to collect on this. But honestly, bring your friends because with the family-style portions, it's worth ordering a whole mess of food and sorting out what you like and don't like after it comes. And happy birthday to you!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,10/25/2011,390,89,7,9,9>Yum yum!  I went here today for lunch, and, as it turns out, the only meal of the day- I can't eat dinner because I'm still so full...I ordered the "wet burrito" with pork carnitas, which is just a HUGE burrito with the typical innards- rice, meat, lettuce, tomato, beans.  You can order it with red (chile) or green sauce (tomatillo), and I got red because the waiter says that's how he likes it.  I have to say, it was pretty delicious and HUGE.  I  ate the whole thing and at the end, I had to unbutton my pants.  I couldn't believe that I fit that whole thing in my stomach.  But I guess that's a testament to how good it is!!My parents both ordered the fish tacos, which are two soft tacos with mahi mahi that's been lightly battered and fried.  They really enjoyed them!  My sister ordered the chile verde and she devoured it, despite not being "a fan of Mexican food."  Haha, whatever!I'd so go back.  The portions were all really big, and each of us only ordered a la carte.  The food was delicious.  The prices were reasonable.  And the big cuban waiter was really helpful and friendly!  :)
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,10/24/2011,149,107,6,20,10>I love Roast Duck.  Period.  I said it.  I even eat the skin!  I can almost hear the shrieks from those that feel that Roast Duck is not healthy because of the fat.  To each his own....For this Chinese girl, Roast Duck Kitchen is a jewel.  I was lucky enough to be passing through Aiea after taking the kiddies to the waterpark.  After all day watching kids and carrying that  tube up and down the wateroark steps, there was no way I was gonna cook dinner.   I decided to pick up some food to make my life easier.Unfortunately, I had never actually been to Roast Duck Kitchen.  All I knew was that it was on the second floor of that three level shopping center that Times and Aiea Bowl are located.  I drove around the second level about FIVE times because I could find it.  You can't see Roast Duck Kitchen from the parking area.  You need to park and walk through it a bit and then there it is.  This is a small, simple little take out place that sells, roast duck, roast pork, char siu, cold ginger chicken, fried chicken wings and some other things I forget.  The owner was a very nice and friendly lady and I enjoyed chatting with her as I waited for my things to get chopped up.  We all really enjoyed the roast duck, char siu and cold ginger chicken that I brought home.   I'm looking forward to trying their fried chicken next time.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,10/23/2011,208,45,7,10,8>I come here so often, I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet.If you don't know where it is, drive towards the front of  Millions behind Walmart, and its in the parking lot across the street. The truck itself is in the parking lot and its painted pretty loud, so you cant miss it. I don't really go out to eat anymore since I've switched my diet over to paleo, but this is one of the few places I go on a regular basis. The owners are super accommodating as well too. I'm one of "those customers" that have to sub out a lot of things and add some things here and there, and I'm positive that all of my food has been spit free. ('  *) I come here so often that one of the owners, Wedge, knows what I get already. :/I think I've tried pretty much everything here, and its all delicious! My usual is grilled pork chops and their pulehu steak or chicken combo on a bed of greens. Seriously. It's slap your mama good!As far as pricing goes, VERY REASONABLE. You wont pay more than 8-10 for anything and the amount of food you get is completely worth it. Avoid the lunch rush and try and go around 11 or after 1. They might be sold out of some of the items if you go late though. Sucks to be you :/Follow them on twitter and facebook to see what the specials of the day are so you can plan accordingly. There are a lot of regulars so if you see me, don't be a jerk and say hi! :)
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,10/22/2011,2265,40,28,7,10>It was a beautiful morning and right away I noticed they have an interesting set up for the seating, an upstairs wing, and a casual downstairs area where they open up the doors in the morning and you get a great outdoor seating vibe. And as I was devouring my Oreo Chocolate Waffles, which was slowly but surely being transplanted to my tummy, hiding my treasured 6-pack I worked so hard to achieve, the sun began coming in partially. I recalled a past epiphany I once had, "Tan fat looks much better than white fat" and it was like getting struck by lightning twice having this 2nd revelation, THIS MAKES SO MUCH SENSE!But let's rewind a bit... I dragged my parents here in an attempt to broaden their horizon with new experience. I had the West Hollywood Waffles(this is the Ore Chocolate ones, a must have!) my mom had the regular Belgian Waffles(this came with a complimentary pineapple yogurt nice touch!) and as per Lori I.'s review my dad ordered the Fat Pig fried rice(which came with pork rinds which is something I think reviewers overlooked that gave the fried rice a crunch texture).Conclusion: Mission Epic Fail. Parents were not impress, the waffles were just waffles to my mom, my dad thought the fried rice was too oily, which it was but I still enjoyed the flavor. I myself had an epic time, but baby boomers can be such dry asses at times, and just yawned in my overzealous fat face when I excitedly pointed out their creative presentation of the dishes.This is a great place for those who appreciate trendy and creativity in the expression of food. This place is NOT something for those that want a cheap and fast, consistent tasting good food establishment, head over to Jack's in Aina Haina for that. Aloha means, hello, welcome, goodbye and I love you, which I keenly felt from our waiter who admittedly seemed to be trying too hard but he looked and smelled new, so it was cool But in my family apparently, Aloha means, "You're on the clock bitch, shut up and perform!"
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,10/21/2011,263,192,28,34,31>Have you ever had a job you absolutely hated and dreaded going to every day? If not, I'm sure you've at least patronized a shop once where the workers hated their jobs and acted like they were doing you a favor, when in fact you were helping to support their business. Well, you definitely don't have to worry about any of that at Uncle Clay's HOPA.  Uncle Clay and Bronson pour their heart and soul into the shop and want to be there to greet and thank every person that steps foot in their door. Their employees even love working there so much that they go there on their days off! I love the new shop! It's clean and modern. There are a lot of really good shave ice places out there, so I'm glad Uncle Clay's decided to put a new twist on it. The shop does its best to use local and eco-friendly products. I ordered a regular sized green tea and lychee shave ice with ice cream. Came out to around 5 bucks. You can taste the difference in quality in the syrup and ice cream. I loved the green tea flavor, and definitely want to try the strawberry next time! They have some pretty cool toppings aside from ice cream, like fresh fruit, yogurt, granola, and the dream sauce. Like the other reviewers said, expect to spend some time when you go to the shop because Uncle Clay talks to everyone, spreading his pure aloha!
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,10/20/2011,347,265,4,9,10>This is a hidden gem in Aiea Shopping Center, it is right next door to Times Supermarket and it is worth a visit! I've recently went here to get a soft serve because I saw their postings on FB. The soft serve was chocolate and haupia ;) Yummzzzooo! Kari was working that day and was super helpful and very pleasant to talk to. You can tell she has been working there for a while because she knows her products. The soft serve is an O-M-G moment, it was like I was eating Teddy's Pie :) They usually have different flavors everyday, such as Strawberry, Chocolate, Vanilla, Banana, HoneyDew Melon, Kona Coffee & Lychee. To be honest I went here after I tried Ice Garden and I needed something to replace it with and the soft serve was exactly what I needed!I also love their old fashion Ice Cakes that comes in that small container where you shave the ice off from flavors of strawberry, vanilla and etc. This place also pops their own popcorn and have a variety of flavors to choose from. And have mochi crunch, seeds, dried fruits, pickled items and lots more. I love Spicy Ika (Shredded Cuttlefish), Chocolate covered Pretzels and Li Hing Mui items. If you need to send someone a thank you gift, samurai is perfect for gift baskets. You can customize the items you want and the staff are always so friendly. #Yelp 365 Challenge: 008/365
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,10/19/2011,442,466,40,27,30>"RICE RICE BABY" (by Vanilla Rice)YO, VIP, LET'S KICK IT!(Location: On Makaloa, across the old Tower Records, now Walgreens. Between Kiawe Grill and Green Papaya)yelp.com/biz_photos/wrtd…RICE RICE BABY (da dum da-da dum da dum dum)RICE RICE BABY (da dum da-da dum da dum dum)yelp.com/biz_photos/wrtd…ALL RIGHT STOP! COLLABORATE AND LISTEN(Hours: Mon-Sat 7a-8p, Sun 7a-6p, thanks Sukatuh for the update!)RICE IS BACK WITH A BRAND NEW INVENTION(only the best premium rice - Tamanishiki - is used for the musubi, and Tamaki for the bentos and bowls)SOMETHING GRABS A HOLD OF ME TIGHTLYyelp.com/biz_photos/wrtd…FLOW LIKE A HARPOON, DAILY AND NIGHTLY(mini bentos starting at $3.45, offered all day long. Great for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Larger bentos run around $6-8)WILL IT EVER STOP? YO, I DON'T KNOW.(They just closed the Kapahulu location, and extended the hours here!)TURN OFF YOUR LIGHTS, AND I'LL GO(This location is my favorite!)TO THE EXTREME I EAT RICE LIKE A VANDAL(In the car, while driving)LIGHT-UP A STAGE AND WAX A CHUMP LIKE A CANDLE.DANCE! GO RUSH THE SPEAKER THAT BOOMS(they open at 7am! not crowded!)I'M KILLING YOUR BRAIN LIKE A POISONOUS MUSHROOM(my favorite is curry tuna mayo and tuna mayo kombu about $2ea)yelp.com/biz_photos/wrtd…DEADLY WHEN I PLAY DOPE MELODY(and the curry rice bowl is just like in Japan)ANYTHING LESS THAN THE BEST IS A FELONY.(bigger and more filling than Mana Bu, slightly more expensive, BUT CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED HERE!!).LOVE IT OR LEAVE IT, GET OUTTA MY WAYYOU BETTER HIT BULL'S EYE, I DON'T PLAYIF THERE WAS A PROBLEM, YO, I'LL SOLVE ITCHECK OUT THIS PLACE WHILE MY DJ REVOLVES IT.RICE RICE BABY (TO GO! TO GO!)
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,10/18/2011,138,137,9,8,11>So some quick background...the plan was to go to twelve shave ice stores that my friends and I had wanted to visit to see who we thought had  "the best shave ice on the island", so I didn't eat an entire shave ice, I had eaten flavors I usually don't get.  This was our second stop...Ailana Shave Ice: When you like something a lot, you have to look at the negatives as there are just too many positives to list. So negatives, might have been hard to find if we hadn't google mapped it before hand and the small parking lot can fill up fast..and that are my negatives!!!  When we first arrived the owner could see that we looked a bit lost while making our decision so he went over the different homemade flavors and the special concoctions he had created.  We ended up choosing the guava/lihing and the Tropical Trio (Mango, Papaya, Haupia, ice cream, and cond milk)  Where to begin?  The ice was fine, the guava was great and the lihing was "potent" (I think with every bite I let out a "woah" haha).  Each flavor in the tropical trio were just so fresh and flavorful. While we sat there reacting to what we had just discovered the owner's daughter brought us a Strawberry Milk to try!!!! So awesome and unexpected and I was glad we had tried this as I absolutely Loved the strawberry milk.  You could see and taste the strawberry seeds and it was just bursting with flavor.  Along with the great flavors, great portion for the price ($3-4.5), it was the small things, like using Dave's ice cream, having tables to eat at, and the great customer service really put this place over the top. Would I go back?  Absolutely.  Next weekend? haha
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,10/17/2011,146,63,11,10,11>Talk about SERVICE!! I 'm such a sucker for good service!! Had dinner for my 6-month anniversary with my BF.  I know...so cute yah?? HAHA!!  We were staying next door at Edition so Sarento's seemed to be the best choice for dinner.  Especially since it was on Friday and we would get to see the Fireworks up close!Well it was totally meant to be because the day before our dinner Groupon came out with a half off deal! I knew the stars were aligning and I was in for a great evening.They sat us in a very private secluded booth with the best views in the house. But I was worried we weren't going to see the fireworks so I asked the hostess if we could walk around to watch.  She told us she would take us to the "secret" spot when it was time.  I was also worried that being in such a secluded portion of the restaurant that the staff would forget about us.  But that was not the case.  They checked on us frequently enough to make sure we were well tended too, but not so much as to disturb our quiet romantic evening alone.The fireworks started popping off and she came and swooped us off to the "secret site".  It was the back door fire exit and it was nothing short of spectacular.  We were face to face with the fireworks and it was probably the most romantic moment ever.OK back to our table and time for ordering.  To be honest I had more than my share of wine so I can't remember what we had for appetizer or salad. Sorry!!! But I do remember it was delicious.  I had the lamb for dinner.  It was well seasoned and cooked to my liking....a nice pink center.  I have no idea what my BF ordered.  I was so entranced with my meal and again I was kind of drunk. I save a few of my chops to take home because I wanted dessert.  I know this may sound repetitive but I cannot for the life of me remember what I had! I think it was good. I left happy and full.This is a really pathetic food review, but nonetheless, my experience was A++. The best part was I got to use my Groupon!! WOO HOOOOO
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,10/16/2011,101,91,15,10,10>I haven't done this in awhile. That is, digging into my purse pockets, car glove box and drink holders for any loose change to come up with my total bill of $5.18 for one (1) Chicago dog with everything to go.The last time I poured out my pennies to a vendor was when I was about water cooler tall with two front teeth missing but with a vicious hankering for some packaged dried cuttlefish to go with my orange Fanta.With the infamous yellow Hank box now in hand, I jump back into my ransacked car and head back to the office for a date with Mr. Chicago.And "ooh la la," what have we got here? Move aside you, Dill Pickle. Make room for the eye popping comic green relish!! Okay, I don't eat much relish but these fun green munchkins were just so pleasing!After a few moments of silence marked only by soft smacking...hands speckled with poppy seeds and hot juices from the two spicy peppers still on my lips...I head to the kitchen to straighten up when a coworker catches me and peers, "What's that on your face? A mole?" Darn, a stray seed! "Yep, an edible one." Smackola!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,10/15/2011,209,95,11,9,9>AURAL MASSAGE anyone?FUNCTIONING PROSTATE for you?Did you want to EAT MY BALLS or grab some FETAL DIPS?COME HERE LITTLE GIRL and let's put some cream on it.Mochi ice cream.  Buy 12 pieces and get a bit of a discount (1 piece is $1).  Try every flavor that fits your fancy.  If you walk in and get confused, just look to the far left and the mochi flavors are framed.  You can opt to try the chocolate dipped ones, but you should try them, if you will, au natural.There are quite a bit of things to try.  The ice cream case has some great original flavors, but you definitely have to try one of their ice cream cakes/pies.  My all time favorite is MAYBE THE BAG BROKE - which is an ice cream cake made with blueberry cheesecake ice cream and blueberry ribbons on a graham cracker crust, and you should get the optional blueberry topping/pie filling.I highly recommend AGAINST their milk shakes/malts because they're too expensive and come out tasting like a McDonald's shake.It's a little more pricey than your average ice cream, and as you can tell from some of their names (the words in CAPS are names of their different offerings and NOT a creation of my pervy brain) the ice cream/mochi is anything but average at Bubbie's. If all else fails be comforted knowing that you're supporting local businesses!CASH or LOCAL CHECKS only.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,10/14/2011,133,111,9,9,9>I'm not going to get into the whole "this is authentic Mexican" flim flam because there's no way I could even judge that.  But... I do know what I like and that's tasty food, good value, clean surroundings, and nice people.  Does El Mariachi 2 have all of the above?  Check.My friend invited me to tag along with her and her boyfriend on a Wednesday night.  They go to El Mariachi 2 quite a bit and were surprised by how crowded it got.  We had a short wait for a table and were seated and brought menus, salsa and chips almost immediately.I ordered a horchata even though I wasn't 100% sure what it was.  Turns out it is a sweetened rice milk.  Very refreshing and it came in a very large cup.  In fact, I could have just drank that and I'd be full but I decided to order the nachos to make it a balanced meal.The nachos were a heaping oval sized platter of shredded beef (you have a choice of meats), re-fried beans, cheese, guacamole, sour cream and green onion.  I finished maybe a fourth of the plate.  It was good but I'm kind of over restaurant nachos.  It's much better when you make your own and spread the beans and cheese evenly on each chip.  There was tongue on the menu as well, which is what I will be all about next time I go.  My friends said the ceviche is very good and filling so once I'm able to eat raw fish again I'm going to try it.El Mariachi closes around 9-ish but there were people still coming in and being served.  There was a single waitress on the floor so service got a little slow, but she was friendly and got our orders right and the cups are so big you don't really need a water refill, especially when you're full of horchata.If you aren't familiar with the Aiea area and want to try El Mariachi 2 it is in the shopping center between Wendy's and the library on the 1st floor.  There's a lot of parking available.  Bathrooms are key controlled and not that clean, but you might not care after all those re-fried beans.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,10/13/2011,237,127,10,14,10>"I'm coming home." "I'm coming home."  "Tell the world I'm coming home." To Home Bar & Grill that is.  Open for only about a month, the word is already out about this new happening bar with broke da mouth grinds.   On my visit this past weekend with some friends, the place was packed and hopping with people having a good time.  Being in Hawaii, HBR serves up classic deep fried bar fare that you'd expect like Garlic Chicken and Pork Chops.  They also offer up some non-traditional dishes like Pan Steamed Clams with Roast Pork and Grilled Ahi Steaks that you wouldn't expect at your typical local bar.  If that were not enough, the head cook used to work at Kanpai's so you can enjoy classics like the Kalbi Fried Noodles and Wafu Steak served on a sizzling plate.  Accompanied by my carnivore friends, we ordered the pork chops, garlic chicken, ribeye steak on a sizzling platter, and the kalbi fried noodles. All I can say about the pork chops here is "Move over Side Street Inn, you have been dethroned as the Pork Chop King!"  Not only were the porky pork chops downright delicious, they were Barney Flintstone size humongous.  Next up on our deep fried eating odyssey was the garlic chicken which was very tasty, but not too garlicky as you might find at some joints.  Being a karaage enthusiast, I just had to order this and was not disappointed. To round out our feast of deep fried delights, we finished off our night with the ribeye steak served on a sizzling plate and the kalbi fried noodles. Smothered in onions and mushrooms, the ribeye steak was yet another winnah and made some people sitting at a nearby table drool at the spectacle of sizzling meat.  My only minor gripe was that we ordered the steak medium rare and it actually came out cooked medium.  I guess that is to be expected since it is served on a scorching hot sizzling platter after all. For you Man Vs. Food fans out there, Home Bar & Grill even has it's own eating challenge for those looking to test out your eating abilities.  At HBR, you have 15 minutes to eat 3 8 oz. Burgers. Finish it and your meals free. If you don't finish, your wallet just got $25 lighter.      With a mad cool vibe and ono food served in huge portions, I just found my new pau hana spot to call home.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,10/12/2011,658,339,1,17,9>The sun dipped lower in the sky, painting Kahumana Organic Farm and the surrounding Wai'anae Range with a golden glow. As I neared the cafe entrance, the sounds of happy of children at play, the meowing of a farm cat, the wind in the mango trees, and the clucking of chickens greeted me.My experience at Kahumana Cafe was a delightful step into a world I rarely visit, a peaceful country setting where time moves more slowly. My dining companions and I savored delicious fresh fish and vegetables that were simply but lovingly prepared. Our server, Chris, was remarkably flexible, patient, and gracious throughout the evening, a true ambassador of aloha. His relaxed, friendly style was the perfect accompaniment to a delicious meal, allowing us to fully enjoy the evening.Kahumana Organic Farm and Cafe is a project of Alternative Structures International (asihawaii.org), a non-profit dedicated to community building with the disenfranchised, people in recovery, and individuals with disabilities. This location is a residential facility as well as a working farm and cafe. The cafe previously served as the dining facility exclusively for those living on site. Lucky for us, it is now open to the public! The cafe is a farm-to-table restaurant that serves produce grown organically on site. While vegetarian food is served, the cafe itself is not exclusively vegetarian or vegan. Additionally, organic food from other sources is brought in when not available on the farm. The establishment is open Tue-Sat; each day there is a different special in addition to the regular menu. Dinners are $10-12 fully inclusive: drink, soup or salad, entree, and dessert. You will not leave hungry! Also BYOB, no corkage fee. Credit cards are accepted.Kahumana Cafe is a long drive from town but easy to find. Coming from Honolulu, take the H1 to Farrington Hwy along the Wai'anae Coast. Take a sharp right on Mailiili Rd--the same place you turn for Wai'anae Coast Comprehensive Health Center. Stay on this road, which turns into Lualualei Homestead Rd. The farm/cafe is located on Lualualei Homestead Rd just mauka of Puhawai Rd. Watch for the sign on the left. It is situated along a road less traveled, but that adds significantly to its charm.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,10/11/2011,257,112,4,18,10>SO GOOD: Walking into Nissei Shiatsu is like spending an hour in one of those old Soko Ga Shiritai shows.  It is a family-run business and makes you realise how wonderful it is to see a tradition still being practiced by the children.  I've been going to see Janet at Nissei for almost 10 years, and even though I don't get to as often as I'd like (the work schedule) I know for a fact that I will never find a better shiatsu therapist anywhere.  Janet's parents started the business and lucky for us her mom brought all of her wisdom of shiatsu with her from Okinawa to share.  It is a gift.  GREAT SERVICE: As another reviewer said, this isn't a spa.  Just be prepared to lay yourself down on the Japanese futon, and wear comfortable clothing.  Sometimes I get cold so I wear socks.  If you've never had traditional shiatsu before, they don't touch your skin directly and instead always use a cloth.  I think its more hygenic and you get a deeper massage because theres no "slipping".  WHAT YOU GET: You get exactly what you pay for here...an awesome massage and great service.  Although the prices have gone up slightly over the years (an hour is still under $60) I think it's the best value...ever. Unlike getting a massage at a spa, they don't waste any of your time at Nissei and get right into targeting your sore spots.  It's not fancy, it can be painful if you have a lot of knots (like me :*(), and there's no aromatherapy here.  It is simple and to the point...perfect.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,10/10/2011,487,140,16,13,15>Captain's Log: Day 1, Flight 1. July 31, 2011. Errr, should I say co-captain's log....my compliments to Denise, who maneuvered our aircraft through seemingly impossible perfect weather:)  I'm happy to report that I'm back safe and sound on Planet Earth. Our mission was simple: save the world. Again.  Sigh. Paradise Air called on me and my team after obviously hearing about our hero staus after we defeated Sentinel Prime and destroyed the pillars and subsequently, the Space Bridge. To familiarize yourself with our story, please watch Transformers: Dark of the Moon.  I'm the hot blonde that can easily run around in a skin tight all white dress and heels while simultaneously saving mankind. Don't ask how I do it, it's a gift.We departed at 0700. It took 45 minutes to maneuver through shockwaves of death (and a side trip to McD's drive though for breakfast)  before we ended up at our classified destination on the North Shore. Upon arriving, we were greeted by cyborg pets named Ipo and Panther. Their masters were just finishing up a flight with new recruits and touched down a few minutes after we arrived. We were escorted by Tom and Denise to their underground lair and were briefed. The details of our trip remain classified, but I will run through as much of it as I am allowed to. We were fitted in our flight suits, helmets and gloves by Denise. We were then quickly educated on our aircraft, which is an Australian bugger that goes by the street name of Airborne XT 912. It is the finest Microlight flexwing trike that money can buy. Denise personally takes care of the mechanical maintenance so we were in good hands. I decided to fly tandem with Denise and my partner with Tom. The effortless effort Denise portrayed in getting us up in the air was something for the eye to behold. Before I knew it we were climbing altitude. The cockpit we were in was completely open to the elements and would have been very cold had I not been provided a flight suit. Good thinking Denise. About 5 minutes into the flight, Denise asked me if I was comfortable maneuvering our microlight. Keep in mind, I'm used to piloting intergalactic space craft, so this was very new to me. With Denise's guidance, I was flying like a pro. We kept in constant radio communication with Tom and my partner and they were having the same success.  It took us about 30 minutes to find our target, zap it into nothingness and return to the ground. Denise's landing was about as good as it gets. All in all, it was a very easy, wonderful mission and I had no idea what I was so nervous about. Even though we were busy with our mission, i can say the views of Oahu were spectacular! I completed .6 hours of training and need about 25 more before I can fly my own XT 912. I hear we are going to get called on to protect the airspace when the APEC morons, I mean diplomats, arrive. Look for us in the air then. If you are interested in saving the world and having a great time while doing it, don't hesitate to call on Paradise Air. You will be glad you did. This is your captain signing off.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,10/9/2011,1046,338,3,11,7>Every once in a while you find that one restaurant that really appeals to your taste.  You and the chef have a connection that every dish that is served tastes so incredible.  Well this is my place, my happy place restaurant.We have been coming here since Richo's opening.  At the beginning, we were going 2-3 times a week.  Everything was going great up until one night we had a horrible service experience that turned us off for a while.  It was sad because we knew all the servers and they were so good to us and the food has never ever disappointed us.  Tonight we returned after about a 6 month hiatus.  It was good to see that some of our friends were still there, but sad that some left.  It is great that at 6pm on a Friday night you can walk in with no reservation.  The menu seemed to be revamped too.  I was disappointed that some of my favorites were no longer served, such as the ahi salad.  The staples of their menu were still there like the samgyupsai (pork belly yakiniku), bulgokki and hot stone bibimbap.Tonight we ate the tofu salad, which is soft tofu dressed with bean sprout and cucumber with a sweet sour dressing ($6).  It was really good.  Our main dish was bulgokki ($22).  This is authenic korean bulgokki, with thin sliced beef, onions and mushrooms.  Its served on a large hot plate simmered in sweet shoyu-like sauce.  Throw this over rice and this is killer.  Although this is $22 it easily serves two and we were barely able to finish it.The service was great with the waitress checking on us very often.  I guess we will be back to our usual 2-3 times a week again.  Whats great is they open late, so great to go to for after movie drinks and food.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,10/8/2011,230,197,3,9,6>Kailua town seems to be a great place to go on Saturday mornings.  So relaxing and nice, except if you try and go to breakfast at Cinnamon's or Boots & Kimo's, where you will be aggravated by one hour wait times.  Enter Moke's.  I haven't been to B&K's yet (haven't had the patience for it).  But Moke's is already better than Cinnamon's because of the onerous wait time (yes, Cinnamon's has red velvet pancakes, instead Moke's has lilikoi pancakes).  We got there around 10:30 a.m., meter parked across the street and went in.  While the place was not empty, the host seated us right away and we were good to go.  I was tired so I ordered coffee right away and I must have had at least 4 refills - the guy came by every 5 minutes.  Good service.    Like (the very picky) David G. said, they offer a simple menu of breakfast classics with a Hawaiian touch and the place is super quaint and cozy, in a good way.  I had the Moke's nui omelet and it did not disappoint.  I ordered it with egg whites which makes you think that the omelet would be half the size, but it was a full sized and tasty with bacon, ham, spinach, cheese, onions and tomatoes.  I would imagine that it would take a choke amount of eggs to produce that kind of volume with just egg whites -- great execution; take a look at my pic.  With an order of hash browns for $10.50 that's a nice, hearty brunch.  My wife ordered the pork chops and gravy and from my sampling, it was delicious as well.  I was tempted to but did not order a stack of lilikoi pancakes as it may have busted my gut.  Will try next time.  I plan on spending more Saturdays in Kailua, perhaps after a little hike at the Pillboxes or after my soon-attempt at Olomana three peaks (of course, I will have to have the Olomana omelet after completing that).  [Update: Olomana Three Peaks completed in August 2011 -- will try the Olomana soon!]  I will not be deterred now from going to Kailua for breakfast on Saturdays anymore.  I really don't want to wait an hour after a long hard week at work.  I'll leave that joyful task to the tourists.  This is a great place to have that home style breakfast and enjoy it right away.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,10/7/2011,233,120,9,10,7>I gotta say, I am still a big fan of this woman and her work.I got lucky with an online purchase at Gilt Groupe for a tuxedo (I needed it for a concert/recital) and the pants needed to be hemmed.Price: I paid $12 (incl. tax) for a hem job. I think that's pretty standard for the industry.It took a week for the job to be finished, which I didn't mind waiting for. Although for those of you considering Linda, I will recommend visiting another establishment for a simple job like hemming pants because:A.) It's really hard to f*** up something as simple as hemming pantsB.) A simple job like this could probably be done cheaper at the Navy Exchange, Al Philips, or Ken's.C.) If you're pressed for time and it's a simple job it would be better to go elsewhere. This place charges $$$ for a last minute drop off. And I think Linda's been getting a lot of business recently so naturally it takes more time for her team to finish stuff.I trust this place with alterations that require more talent and expertise, or for designer clothing that you've invested your entire 401k in.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,10/6/2011,113,187,6,8,8>My prayers have been answered!  Rather than having to drag my tired ol' self out of bed early on Saturday to the KCC farmers market, I can now get delicious mochi any day of the week at this new retail location.  I admittedly was always too lazy to drive out to their store in Pearl City.  They had all my mochi favorites (fresh strawberry, peanut butter with azuki, haupia) as well as some other flavors when I dropped by on Saturday. And this is after they just opened this week.  Here's a few tips:-look for the store on the left just a couple doors before Mini Garden-for those who have never had their mochi, it may seem a little expensive but it's worth it-they have a small parking lot-for those accustomed to getting Made in Hawaii Food items at the farmers markets, you may want to call ahead to confirm that they have specific things in stock
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,10/5/2011,344,60,7,12,9>This place was incredible! I absolutely loved the ambiance that this place had to offer. You have a gorgeous view of Waikiki beach/Diamond Head while you dine with candle light and low lighting. It creates a romantic feeling which is great for anniversaries, birthdays, or a special event. The food here was unbelievable and it was much better food than what I had at Le Bistro in Hawaii Kai. (Yes, I said it!!!) I ordered the lamb along with two appetizers. (Three course with dessert is $125) And just with the appetizers alone, I was simply blown away with the exotic and unique tastes that engulfed my mouth. And I am usually not one to be so blown over by just one or two appetizers mind you. The service here is top-notch and I can definitely say that this place is number one on my list when it comes down to great service. The waiters here were very nice and very prompt. They always came back to our table to refill our water or any of the drinks we had. They even changed out our plates a lot and gave us fresh new ones every time we finished a meal. For every meal they would serve to us they explain each item that was on the plate. So I knew what I was eating! Since I am sure not everyone is too familiar with French words. They also, to my shocking surprise, kept changing out our napkins after each course! Now that is what I call 5 star service! For once, I actually felt like a princess for the night.********************************************* What I had and what I'd recommend you try!Tartares of Onaga, Scottish Salmon and Big Eye Tuna: Keep in mind that this is all raw fish. So if you aren't a fan then do not order this! This was an extremely good appetizer that caused an explosion in my mouth! The taste of each one of these is unbearable to even describe. On my very first bite it got me saying "MmmMmm GOOD!"Big Island Lobster medallions with a Carpaccio of yellow beets and Warm lobster soup: The lobster was so fresh and juicy. They give a fair size of lobster for you to indulge on before you attack the lobster soup. The lobster soup comes in a small cup. I believe they do not give you a bowl of the lobster soup because they already give you a huge piece of lobster meat. Too much lobster might be too much! But words to describe this soup: Creamy, smooth, a little buttery, not too overpowering, and sooo good! (As people in Hawaii would say it, "Sooo ONO!") I have had my fair share of lobster soups in my life time and a lot were very overpowering with the smell and taste of lobster. But this soup was just right! Loved it!Roaster Colorado lamb with Provençale style vegetables, gratin potatoes and tarragon jus: The lamb was so tender and just melted in your mouth. And the gratin potatoes come as a layered square cube which is filled with butter and cheese. So I hope when you hear potatoes, you aren't thinking mashed potatoes. I know I sure did, haha. I ended up taking some lamb home in a little doggy bag and I had it for lunch the next day. It was still so juicy and the meat still melted in my mouth. --------------------------------------------------­----------------Now let's finish off with dessert ...They are well known for their soufflés so be sure to order one when you come here! They offer banana, coconut, chocolate, Grand Mariner and Lilikoi flavors.Banana Soufflé: This was unlike any soufflé I have ever tried or seen! I was picturing something to be like the chocolate soufflé I always have at Roy's. This soufflé was a REAL soufflé, it was puffed up to 100% perfection and the inside which had banana filling; was airy and light like a cloud. So when you actually bite into it, it is as if you are floating on cloud 9. Warning: PURE BLISS WILL OCCUR IN YOUR MOUTH!Strawberry Dream: This dessert was incredible! Flourless strawberry crepes filled with vanilla bean crème fraîche, strawberry sorbet and aged balsamic vinegar sauce.It wasn't over powering and extremely sweet, it was just right and the crepes just melt in your mouth. It was smooth and creamy! (That's what she said!)Unlike other expensive restaurants this place packs up your food nicely and places it in a recyclable type of bag for you. I will definitely come back here again!
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,10/4/2011,299,171,8,22,10>My first day out at Koko Head was fantastic and terrible.  Or terribly fantastic.  I had a great time, but I destroyed my frame!  1x3 wood does not hold up long against 7 holes made with a .357 mag.   Just a little unofficial "quick tip" for ya'll there.  I took all the right steps, went to a pistol safety course, practices and tried some different guns, made my purchases.  Nobody had the time to go out to koko head with me so I took the initiative and went out on my own.The facilities at Koko Head are there, but hurting from lack of city funding.  There are restrooms in the center of the complex and also up between the rifle and silhouette ranges.  The recent implementation of furlough days and decrease hours is a sad thing.  As if the range weren't crowded enough, things really get buzzing on the weekends, often with lines at various ranges.Current hours are on the website along with a lot of this info.  I am just condensing some of it down since I know it off the top of my head.Here's what is offered:1.  Pistol Bullseye 25 and 50 yds2.  Rifle Bullseye 50 and 100 yds with metal plates at 200-440yds3. Silhouette ($5 per person, club operated)4. Trap ($5 per round, club operated)5. Skeet (I need to double check, I think it's $10)6. Club shooting on weekends (practical, cowboy/single action, etc.)7. ArcheryRequirements:For ALL shooting you are required to have:  Eye protection, ear protection, gun & ammo (none for rent or sale at the range).  And other supplies depending on what you are shooting.Target Frames:Gotta bring your own target and target frame for both pistol and rifle bullseye ranges.  See the website for frame specifications.  They need to be pretty precise in order to fit into the frame holders.  They are not the same size or interchangeable!  Silhouette:You can shoot .22LR as well as any caliber handgun though I think .50 isn't allow at the moment.  Not sure.  Love coming here!  And the first Sunday of every month they hold .22LR silhouette matches with a $5 entrance fee.  Good friendly competition and lunch to follow.  Trap and Skeet:Now this is one of my favorites.  It's just so dang gratifying seeing that clay disintegrate in mid air!  All you really need is your shotgun and ammo, maybe a pouch for your shells.  They supply the clay birds (which you pay for in your fee).All of the ranges are very safe with strict rules and protocols enforced by range officers.  Most people are very friendly helpful.  Remember to read the rules that are posted at each range and know at least the basics of gun safety.1.  Always point the gun in a safe direction.2.  Always keep your finder off the trigger until ready to shoot.3.  Always keep the gun unloaded until ready to use.Koko Head is lacking in a few areas, state of facilities, hours, shooting options/distances.  But I'll tell you, I am always stoked as I'm cruising down Kalanianaole hwy on a Sunday morning to go make some holes and shatter some clay!
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,10/3/2011,214,93,5,10,10>Ballin on a budget?  You've found your "steak house" ;)For what it is -- a fast food steak joint -- I give it FIVE BIG FAT JUICY medium-rare stars.  This place is such a deal!!!  For $9 bucks I got a huge plate of food that I couldn't even finish!!!I ordered the steak, salad, and a side of rice with a fried egg on top.  Portions are very generous.  Take this food and put it on some fancy plates and you would spend 30+ dollars on the strip.Customer service was fantastic.  The gals behind the counter were super friendly and very accommodating.  Since all of the food is prepared right in front of you I got to watch as my steak was being cut up.  The steak that was put on my salad was not cooked to my liking -- I like it rare to medium rare and I told the girl -- and it was NO problem!  No attitude or dirty look -- she said she was glad to cut me a different piece.I also really liked the chimichuri sauce that came on the side -- the great part was that I didn't even really have to put it on the steak b/c it was seasoned so perfectly -- so I just put it on my rice (my soon to "bee" midnight snack!)Yay!  Another great find in Waikiki!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,10/2/2011,772,600,6,10,7>After hearing people rave about this place, I decided to come check it out with one of my out-of-town guests.  I was very skeptical especially since I'm not a super huge fan of Genki sushi or conveyer belt sushi in general.  It almost baffles me why people would wait to eat sushi that's been sitting out for god knows how long...talk about food poising waiting to happen!But we came here because my friend wanted cheap but good sushi.  This place was definitely that!  When we got here around 530p, it wasn't too crowded, and we were able to get seats right away.  I ate a couple pieces off the belt, spicy tuna, ebi.  They were fairly good--rice wasn't hard and fish was pretty fresh!  I ordered more pieces from the menu, so they were definitely fresh.  I got the dragon roll, which was such a steal for $6!  I was expecting like 4 pieces, but they gave me the whole roll w/ 8 pieces!  The chawan mushi was also delicious for like $1.40.  All in all, this place is definitely a good deal.  It may not be the best quality sushi around the island, but it's definitely worth the price!  It definitely beats genki any day, and has renewed my faith in conveyer belt sushi!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,10/1/2011,390,471,7,11,11>The best french cafe in Hawaii (and it has been for many years).The dining space is quaint, road noise serves as the music and people watching (especially when there are events at the NBC) is the entertainment de jour.Now that its won the 2011 Honolulu Magazines Hale Aina Award, the secret is out, additions have been made to the dinner menu (to the chef's credit) and reservations are a must.Lunch offers delicious French cafe classics including a fantastic seafood crepe, and the delicious escargot.  Bring your own bottle of Rose or Chablis and you're all good.Dinner is a culinary showcase of true French cafe food fused with local influences.  The foie gras served with langoutines, cauliflower pure, and toasted macadamia nuts is a perfect example.  Flavors are bold with varied textures.  Outstanding!Top mains include the veal sweetbreads (don't ask, just try them), the pan roasted rabbit in the perfect onion soup veloute sauce, and the fork tender duck confit accented by an incredible port reduction and served with a butternut squash pure.  Finally, the boullibasse is to die for.  All of the seafood is perfectly cooked and elevated by an amazing saffron lobster base.Don't forget its BYOB.Highly recommended.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,9/30/2011,124,55,15,7,7>"Hello, my name is Art... & I'm a ramen addict.":everyone: "Hello Art!"Like many of you, I got hooked on "ram" early in my toddlerhood. My parents cried when they learned - that their precious, innocent little boy was a monster. "Nooo! I don't want the Happy Meal 'cuz no come with Saimin! Waaah!" By the time I was 7, I started experimenting with "ram," adding an egg (or 2), spam & sometimes lacing it with ground black pepper. Sadly, this would become a defining moment in my life, as I began my quest for the ultimate "ram."After a friend's recommendation and reading the mostly 4-star reviews, I wondered when I would be able to satisfy my ramen curiosity & addiction. Holiday weekend shopping at Ala Moana provided the perfect opportunity.Jones-ing & anxiously awaiting my bowl of Char Siu Tan Tan Men, thinking to myself, "how good can this be? Really?" In a matter of minutes, our friendly server arrived with our order.The last thing I remember is a spicy aroma of chili & sesame in a steaming bowl of broth, then bringing the ladle-like spoon up from the bowl. (Flash!) Suddenly, I'm standing outside, looking through the glass wall fronting the restaurant, watching some psycho slurping from a bowl like a madman. His frantic cries, "OMG! I can't stop eating this! Its so good! Someone please help me!" That guy looks like me!Someone PAH-LEEZ smack me with a slab of char siu, I have just died (or gone into a ramen-induced coma) & gone to ramen heaven! I have never eaten a bowl of ramen as savoringly slow as this Tan Tan Men. A piece of char siu, so tender it did not withstand my chopstick flurry, topped this wondrously flavored broth. I put my best "CSI" face on, as I tried to analyze every flavor crystal down to it's atomic composition. "It seems to have been concocted with some sort of complex algorithm of ingredients. Mmm, yes. Smooth, smoky toasted sesame? I detect chicken or pork stock & a hint of ginger? Slightly sweet miso & a fiery, spicy chili? Noodles are nice & firm with no evidence of over-doneness." I don't know how else to explain this addicting, coma-inducing "ram-heroine." "Tan Tan Men" - unquestionably, my new "ram" of choice.I barely remembered that we also ordered Gyoza. These were nicely done, with the bottoms flavor-seared. Stuffed with meat, noticeably more than other places, & ginger flavored. These were not nearly as remarkable as the Tan Tan, but a nice complement. Yes, Kelly T., they did take a while to get there, but no matter, I was too "high" to notice.I have not outgrown my "ram" addiction. Instead, I am learning how to deal with it in a mature, civilized manner. I must say that I am making some progress. So go ahead, try me. Ask me to stop & I will simply say to you, "No! I will NOT put the chopsticks down! You can pry this Char Siu Tan Tan from my cold, dead, gyoza-grabbing fingers after you shoot me!"
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,9/29/2011,209,81,7,7,7>One of the bad things about yelp is the huge expectations it places on restaurants.  There's an enormous amount of hype when a restaurant has 166 reviews and 4.5 stars.Gaku isn't afraid of the hype.  Gaku laughs in the hype monster's face and serves up dishes that makes you wish you were 300 pounds just so you could eat more.I chose to go with the omakase, or chef's choice since it was my first time.  I got the omakase with a friend so it included dishes that were meant to be shared such as the hamachi tar tar, papio carpacccio and sushi.  It included tofu w/ dashi jelly, washington oysters flew in that afternoon, uni wrapped with hirame, hamachi tar tar, papio carpaccio, assorted nigiri, and green tea ice cream.Everything we had ranged from good to awesome.  I was really impressed with the fish quality.  The sushi included seared and raw nigiri.  It was standard fare, with toro, uni, ikura, hirame, saba, tako, sake, maguro, engawa. Their otoro, uni, and ikura were crazy good.  The toro and uni were ridiculously creamy and fatty and just melted in your mouth.  Someone noticing me eating the toro and said, "So when are you going to swallow that?"  I wanted to enjoy every second of that otoro.  Damn you for being so expensive ($13 for 2 pieces) and delicious!  Their ikura is house marinated in something that I can't remember, but it was great.  Salty and fresh.  All the salty, pop in your mouth goodness you can expect of great ikura.  If you were wondering what the sushi portion of the omakase is going to cost, it was $119 for 16 pieces of sushi:1 seared otoro1 seared hirame1 seared saba1 seared engawa2 uni2 ikura1 otoro1 maguro1 saba1 hirame 1 engawa1 tako1 amaebi1 sakeIt ended up being $119 for 16 pieces of sushi or around $7.40/piece for 2 people.Their non-sushi dishes were great as well.  The hamachi tar tar and tofu w/ dashi jelly are things that I would get every time I go back.As other reviewers have stated, expect to wait.  It's nice that they understand the long wait time and let you put your name and number down.  You can go to Tsunami's across the street to have some pre-dinner drinks and they will call you when your table is ready.  Their service is helpful, timely, and knowledgable.Gakuuuuuuu I love youuuuuu.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,9/28/2011,3140,188,20,16,14>( D ) ine in or takeout( A ) iea Bowl is where they are located( B ) owl after you eat here( E ) very Tuesday they have a dinner with wine pairings( S ) exy cocktail waitresses work here latenight =)( T ) ip your waitresses, especially if they are CUTE( L ) oud as hell in here!!!( E ) at the Tasty Chicken here...ONO!!( M ) ake sure you save room for dessert( O ) rder the Oxtail Saimin( N ) ever mind the crackheads outside late at night( C ) hill with da boys and check out da chicks( R ) ead my lips.....Lemon Crunch Cake ;)( U ) ncles and Aunties, bring your hearing aids( N ) o can find parking sometimes =(( C ) osmic bowling here too( H ) idden gem of a restaurant( C ) razy atmosphere but  fun,fun,fun for everyone( A ) mazing desserts here!!!!( K ) iller Loco Moco's and Steak's here..( E ) verytime i eat here, it's FANTASTIC!!!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,9/27/2011,1750,731,8,10,9>This year was the first year I went and I want to go back already. It was a lot more fun than I thought it would be. This haunted canoe ride around the "Haunted Lagoon" was about a half an hour, maybe more (?) There's a storyline here, about the lady from La'ie and how she's creepy, has long hair, wears white, and her face is all messed up... Oh and she is supposedly looking for her son. And any others to spend the rest of eternity with her.     I jumped quite a bit during the ride, but so did everyone else on the canoe. There was a lot of laughter and screaming too. This ride is NOT recommended for old people and those with cardiac problems who could potentially die from a myocardial infarction. There are a ton of surprises in this ride and you will get wet (sprinkled) with stinky Haunted Lagoon water. (There's a kiddie version of this ride too. I heard that it's similar to the regular Haunted Lagoon ride, just way less scary.) A lot of thought went into this whole production and they really did a tremendous job. The props were awesome and the actors were great, especially the children. I'll probably have nightmares for a month, but I feel like it's almost worth it.  The wait-time for this ride is horribly long, like a whole movie's length and then some. But there was food and some cool stuff to do in line (i.e. get an airbrush tattoo, ride and take pictures in a coffin, etc.). Oh and for those of you who like useless crap, they were selling those annoying-yet-cool-light-up-blinky-waste-of-money-­toys and some Haunted Lagoon memorabilia.I will most definitely go next year. Check out hauntedlagoon.com for times and ticket info. Don't forget to take advantage of the Kama'aina discount if you're eligible. (I think it's $5 off.)
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,9/26/2011,355,389,11,17,16>The first class I attended, I seriously could not do 3/4 of the exercises. My legs felt like bricks, and I was dizzy. Megan asked me what and when I last ate and quickly assessed that my blood sugar was probably low. One of my classmates - a really sweet girl - offered me her power bar. I felt better so rejoined the class and managed to get through it.The second class I made sure I ate a nut bar right before class and while I still struggled,, I did a lot better than last time. The third class, I still sucked, but again better than the last. I had a lot more endurance than the first class, that is for sure!I can feel my endurance improve with each class I attend. It takes dedication and effort to get into shape and Megan's class is helping me big time. Tips: - wear sunscreen- wear a hat- bring a towel- bring a power bar & large bottle of water/sports drink
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,9/25/2011,197,151,4,9,7>Love this place! It is a kaiten sushi joint but the secret is to ask Kevin (the owner) for the specials of the day. I've worked in sushi bars and know for a fact that Kazoku gets their fish from local vendors who cater to high-end restaurants as well. Of course the prime cuts of the fish won't be available here, however they do offer everything from white tuna to uni. And I really appreciate that they hand-shape their nigiri rice (not the machine-pressed kind) to order. The menu items are also very good. Fried oysters, chawanmushi, hamachi kama (when we get lucky), and tempura are our favorites! Oh and btw, the fried twinkies are the shiznit! They are so bad but oh sooo good!Service is awesome here, they always remember us and make us feel welcomed no matter how busy or what time of day we stop by. Prices are reasonable, considering the freshness and quality of the food. BYOB so bring your drinks and enjoy!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,9/24/2011,161,142,5,13,4>This is my weekly *go to* sushi spot where I can relax, let my hair down and enjoy a FABULOUS sushi meal. Now, open for lunch, too! I've been spreading the word and bringing friends to this lil spot just to share the love and make sure that Sushi ii stays alive in this tough economy. It's so good, I'd spend my last sushi dollar here! A must, especially if you love truffles ~ the Whitefish Carpaccio with truffle oil ponzu. So fine! If you've got a sweet tooth and appreciate dessert, definitely the Banana Dream Pie...I'm telling you right now, these are AMAZING, LIFE CHANGING AMAZING! Other dishes I've tried and love:*Isobe Yaki Mochi ~ Warm, chewy mochi wrapped in nori with a delicious sweet soy served with a soy dipping sauce and daikon oroshi. Not yaki, but soooo yummy! *Mom's Minoage ~ Shrimp wrapped with angel hair thin potato strips then deep fried? What?! Oh my, this is superb! Imagine light potato crisps crisping in your mouth with succulent shrimp in each bite. WOW!*Mirugai Cream Croquette ~ Miniature balls of croquette with a most silky, creamy mirugai cream. I love mirugai! I would never think of having it in a croquette. LOVED IT! No matter how full you are, please save some room for dessert. All desserts I've tried are scrumptious and yummy. All created by Sabrina, the Dessert Angel. Well, that's what I'm naming her. What's even more amazing is that Sabrina is not trained as a Pastry Chef. You'll be literally blown away by her imagination and can taste the love in each bite. *tear*Any day of the week, you'll have an *ii* time!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,9/23/2011,559,209,10,11,7>Strategically plan, devour, and conquer. Thanks to my yelping buddy Tiffany Y. awesome review I had a plan, came prepared, and left several pounds heavier. Quick Tips: 1. Go with other people so they can stand in line while you stand in another one. Good food takes time so you'll be waiting in line and waiting for it to cook. 2. Quickly browse all the food trucks and check out what they have to offer. 3. Bring an umbrella. 4. If you have little ones bring some activities for them to do while you stand in line. 5. Be prepared to have your heart broken when you see the item that you were jonzing for be crossed off the list as you stand in line. It happened to me twice! So make sure when you decide to wait in line you have a plan b and c. 6. Make sure your cell phone is fully charged. To help you communicate with your group members. Another reason so you can play angry birds to help the time go by quicker as you stand in line or play words with friends. : P 7. Remember to bring the presidents with you because most trucks do not take credit cards. CASH PLEASE! I realized I had to be visually stimulated from afar in order for me to stand in line for certain food trucks. *Inferno's Pizza The huge brick wood burning oven caught my eye. I ordered the cheese pizza and smoked pork. The smoked pork had of course pork, portabella mushrooms, Maui onions, and sweet and sour BBQ. It was Winnahs. The quote time was 20-30 minutes so I decided to venture off to another food truck while I waited. yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs… *Fairy Cakes A beautiful, voluptuous, drag queen fairy, was passing out business cards in front of a purple van. This is what drew me to Fairy Cakes. But the red velvet whoopie cakes is what made me smile from ear to ear that the fairy queen decided to make her debut outside of her vehicle. yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs… I also tried a special, sorry forgot the name. I just forced myself to eat it because it cost six bucks. It reminded me of McDonald's Mcgriddle. If that's your fancy you'll love it. As for me, pass. yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs… *Zsoli's Chimney Cakes I saw two muscular men rolling away and I just thought whatever they are making must be good if it takes all that muscle to create it. So glad those men where there to lure me in. I got the Cinnamon flavored and the rainbow sprinkled chimney cakes. The rainbow sprinkled cake is an outdoor food. I found this out the hard way when I looked in the back of my vehicle and there were rainbow sprinkles everywhere. AAAAaaaaccccck. Quote time 30 minutes so I decided to try out Alonzo's Lunch Wagon.  yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs… *Alonzo's Lunch wagon My brother-in-law suggested to try out their steak plate. I realized after wards that they didn't ask me how I wanted my steak plate cooked. It was cooked well done. I like it cooked half way mooing (medium rare). So I can't really give it a true judgment. yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs… *Extreme Tacos Filipinos are just drawn to bright colors. So of course I gravitated to the yellow in need of sun shades truck. I tried the shrimp, pork, and beef tacos. I enjoyed the shrimp tacos the most because of the guacamole. yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs… The fried burrito is what won the show. So worth the price!  yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs… Bobalicious I just wanted something to slurp on for the trip home and decided to get the li-hung mui pineapple bubble drink. It was awesome. I was so tempted to purchase the famous KC waffle dogs but I could barely walk because of all the food I ate that night. yelp.com/biz_photos/RScs… I can't wait for the next Eat the Street. Currently trying to persuade my husband to make it a monthly family affair. I think I'll whisper it into his ear every night as he is asleep, "Happy Wife = Happy Life, bring her to eat the street every month."
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,9/22/2011,779,223,26,16,13>"NO SOUP FOR YOU, come back 1 year!"Don't we all remember the iconic Seinfeld scene where on separate occasions Elaine is denied soup and instructed to return only after 1 year and George asks for his "forgotten bread" and his soup is quickly snatched up by the cashier?  Strangely enough I believe a side of bread is around two or three dollars...This is Honolulu's equivalent.  The calm cheery demeanor masks a deep dark yearning for world domination.  Tips:  Know what you want to order BEFORE stepping in line.  If you don't know what you want by the time he asks- NO SOUP FOR YOU.  Give exact change- unless you are a fan of Fat Joe's "make it rain" dem quarters and dollar bills be flyin back at you- which by deductive reasoning makes him, lil wayne, and you, the ho.  Luckily everything on the menu is in an increment on 25 cents, it would really suck to be barraged by a deluge of coins.The menu is probably the strangest I have ever seen.  Pasta, bentos, paninis, teishoku.  WTF.  Now if my recollection of the Axis powers is correct... Italy (pastas)... Japan(bentos)..Germany... coincidence?  I THINK NOT.  Regardless of this eateries allegiances, the price is right, the portions are huge, and the food is tasty.  I had the katsu panini and I was quite surprised when two 2x4 sized halves came out.  I felt like "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan ripping into those huge panini halves.  I think I will try the turkey and swiss panini next time- the breading from the katsu and the panini bread was  a little much on the bready side.  I will be back.  He demands perfection from himself and his soup.I can imagine our next encounter-"Turkey and Swiss Panini por favor""por favor??!!""ahhh, I'm part Spanish""ADIOS MUCHACHO"I need to rethink my approach.  I will chronicle my encounters in a book I will call "My Struggle".
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2010,9/21/2011,169,446,4,6,5>I'll round up to 4 stars because I like their happy hour.  That's what drew us into the place; the lure of cheap Kirin.  During happy hour from 5-6:30, glasses are $2 each and a pitcher is $8 which is half the price of what it usually is.The best thing about the place though is the decor.  The painting of the koi outside is so vibrant and inside it's really cool with these large lightbulbs and latterns.  Plus it all seems so clean.  The service we had was really good too.  They were friendly and very accommodating when our group turned from 2 to 7.  As far as the food, it was decent.  The tempura roll I had was ok but I would of preferred it if they didn't already put wasabi in there for me.  Chicken wings were also pretty standard.  The bf enjoyed his fisherman's stew.It's a neat place and I hope it does well.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,9/20/2011,186,203,7,7,8>After reading my SUPER STAR yelp elite cousin's (Angela M) review of Cubby Caboose, I had the brilliant idea to take my oldest daughter for a "date" on the Cubby Caboose  and alas, our relationship has been renewed.  Her jealous bouts of tantruming over being replaced by her mini me baby sister has fizzled down and once again, "mommy, you are the best...but not more than daddy" is echoing in our home again, and I have Cubby Caboose (and my super star yelp elite cousin) to thank!Cubby Caboose at Windward Mall is a nice new kiddy attraction added to the kiddy scene here on Oahu.  It costs $3 per child over the age of 1 and per adult.  $6 may sound like a lot if both you and your child are riding, but the enjoyment that your child will experience is priceless, and it's cheaper than paying $7 our at Dole Plantation plus the $$ you would spend in gas driving all the way out to Haliewa.  Surprisingly enough, the ride on the Cubby Caboose is substantially long, substantially enjoyable and makes even a budget conscious   mom like me feel like every penny was worth it.   you get a punch card for riding the train, and every 6th ride is free.  The train conductor was very friendly and even gave us an extra stamp on our card!  You are handed tickets upon purchase and once everyone is seated he comes around and punches holes in your ticket.  If you've ever seen The Polar Express, this will excite your child more than you can imagine.  The conductor drives the train around the mall, and it's such a long ride that you keep thinking it's going to end, but it just keeps on going.  My daughter and I had a blast waving to all the grandmas and grandpas around the mall, and even half way through the ride, she leaned over on my arm and exclaimed, "mom, I looooove you!"  I am not suggesting that you "buy" your child's affection, rather riding the Cubby Caboose can be some great QT with your child :o)For now, the Cubby Caboose is still very clean, not too long of a line (went on a Tuesday morning) and is an enjoyable time for all.  If you have kids that don't mind riding alone, it is not required that an adult rides with them.  Treat your kids to Cubby Caboose. You will not regret it!
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,9/19/2011,676,463,6,12,8>Sidadork, Sikarak, Sidadonk.  I had the hardest time remembering and pronouncing the name of this amazing restaurant.  I found out of this place from a TGIF ad and soon after, the raving Yelp reviews followed.  This was my cue to get there, stat!We arrived one evening and lo and behold, one little table opened amongst the two huge parties that took up over half the restaurant.  I had one thing in mind and that was to try their all you can eat special.  The manager walks over, "You guys want the whole cow or just parts of it?"  "The whole cow," I said.  He gave us a sample of everything, plus an extra (heaping) order of tongue.  We didn't get the spicy pork but no harm done because we were stuffed beyond our limits.  Everything was so fricken good!  I really enjoyed that flap meat thing, the tongue, kalbi, and rib eye steak.  The only problem is that it gets really smokey in there because they don't have a good ventilation system so be prepare to leave there smelling like the food.  It was like a party in there; the manager was taking shots with a group and another group gave us leftover birthday cake, sweet!  Service was very hit or miss.  We asked for a few things from different people and couple of them completely forgot our requests so that was pretty frustrating to have to repeat ourselves to to three times.I cannot wait to take my dude friends there because they love yakiniku buffets.  Sorry Shillawon, you've been trumped in terms of price, service and food quality.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,9/18/2011,440,533,18,14,12>My better half just shockingly announced that he is going to eat healthier, so I exploited his rare moment of weakness by suggesting lunch at the newly opened GRYLT in Manoa Marketplace. I suggested this because the sign outside made proclamations like "Healthy" "Fresh" and the like. I, however, had some doubts about GRYLT because I like to make immediate superficial judgments. First of all, why are there no vowels in the name of the restaurant? Second, it must be an acronym for something, but what?!! I checked out their website and facebook page and there is no explanation for their moronic and unpronounceable name. Why all the secrecy, GRYLT?Since I couldn't devise any conclusions from without, I stepped within. Heeeyy, they sure transformed from what was Blazin' Steaks just a week or so ago. Oh god. A full staff of cheerful people? Takeout containers made of corn and utensils made of potatoes? Bright colors on the walls? I almost started to back slowly out of that crazy utopia, but . . .  . . . then I noticed the big, happy-looking menu hanging over the counter. It instructed:1. Make your Bed: choose from white or brown rice, whipped potatoes or mashed cauliflower with sea salt and olive oil. Mashed cauliflower?! Yes, please!2.  From the Farm: this had a selection of yummy mixed salads and grilled veggies. I went with the grilled veggies: zucchini, yellow squash, carrots and onions. The salads looked amazing, though.3. From the Grill: choose from medium rare steak, chicken breast, seared ahi, four shrimp (they looked small so I passed) or tofu. The guy before me got steak and it looked really good so I got it too, except he got four slices and I got three. Huh?? Whyyyyyyyy?!!! Arrrrrr . . . 4. Top it Off: with a bunch of sauces I'm not gonna get into. I had an Asian one that was like a sweet teri and a sundried tomato "aioli" and aioli was in quotes on purpose because it was not an aioli. Rather, it was olive oil with pieces of sundried tomato and garlic and it was delicious.My meal was tasty, but 1) there was just not enough food for me on that plate and 2) there was just not enough food on the plate to justify the $9.95 price tag. Disclaimer: I eat surprisingly much for my size, so I think it may be enough food for most Asian girls who are five feet tall, but not for me.My honey got the mashed cauliflower with some kind of grilled whole romaine caeser salad, ahi and the sweet Asian sauce. (Why are Asian sauces always sweet and goopy, btw? Are we sweet and goopy as a people??) I tried a bite of his ahi and it was pretty awesome. He was really happy with his meal AND he felt like a good boy for eating healthy for once (we'll see how long this lasts) so I was happy we ate here today.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,9/17/2011,236,72,9,16,15>By definition, someone who is fanatic is "a person with an extreme and uncritical enthusiasm or zeal, as in religion".  My experience at Kona Kai Sushi was damn near religious and filled me with a zeal I hadn't known since my first taste of alcohol when I was 12.  Ok, I lie.  I was 9 when I had my first sip of "under the sink, hidden in the very back whiskey" but that's besides the point....Kona Kai has amazing sushi, with a freshness rivaling the likes of "insert your favorite sushi bar here", and the potential to create fanatics with a single bite.The Great:  Chef James, who is also the owner, started us off with "spicy chips", which was essentially tempura seaweed w/tobikko garnished with green onions and a sweet chili sauce.  Crunchy and delicious.  yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…Next came the Canadian Albacore.  The taste was very mild, the texture was similar to hamachi and the lemon/rice vinegar sauce complimented it perfectly. yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…Chef then offered us the "squid stuffed with blue crab w/wasabi and ponzu-ish sauce".  One of the best dishes of the night, and my gf's favorite, the squid was fresh/soft and the blue crab filling was exquisite.  Quite the dish...I could've ate three myself. yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…On to the "negitoro", my least favorite dish of the night.  It wasn't bad, it was just the other dishes were GREAT, making this otherwise good dish seem out-flavored by the chefs other creations.  Maybe a little wasabi oil might help this one out. yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…The "japanese red snapper" was a fish I have never tried before, stupid me.  Mild and soft, aka the theme of the night, continued with this sumptuous slice of oceanic greatness. yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…"JAPANESE WHITE PAPIO".  This is where i turned fanatic.  Yup, right about here.   This fish had a buttery flavor and melted in your mouth once it touched your tongue.  Think of that moment you had your very first slice of great toro and the "close your eyes and chew slowly" seconds that followed its inception into your mouth.  Yeah...thats the religious experience I was talking about earlier.  Sadly I didn't take a pic of this one, you'll just have to take a look at it yourself. The papio was a hard act to follow, but the "canadian king salmon" succeeded in earning its place among the great sushi already served to me.  Everything you'd expect from king salmon, buttery, soft, mouth melting stuff here peeps.  yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…I thought, there's no way the sushi can continue being great, there has got to be a flaw, a fluke, an "off" dish.  Next out was the "hamachi", followed by my logic via the window.  The greatness continued.  yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…The "tobikko and quail egg w/shiso" is not something one normally considers in a sushi restaurant, but we had complete trust in the chef.  Another favorite of the night, the richness of the quail egg glorified the salty sweet tobikko and made me have another "eyes rolling in the back of my head, chew slow" moment.  yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…When one thinks "hamachi collar" one thinks of a "fried, U-shaped, fin attached piece of hamachi" w/ a lemon wedge, right?  Not at Kona Kai.  Not from Chef James.  No, this normal way of thinking about sushi went out the window with my logic and this neo-hamachi collar broth is as fresh, soft and tasty as any other dish I had that night.  Sorry, pic came out blurry so I didn't post it...it deserves better than that.The "big island halibut" was another success.  A little firmer than the other cuts of fish, but equally as mild and flavorful. yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…Next up, "unagi and steamed egg".  Another stellar dish.  yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…    Heading for the home stretch, Chef James surprises us with our first roll of the night, the aptly named "kona roll", which was a spicy tuna/california roll hybrid.    Another home run.  yelp.com/bizEnding the night, "uni".  Fresh and sweet.  Dessert IMHO. yelp.com/biz_photos/lu31…From what I hear, Chef James was one of the sushi chefs at Sushi Sasabune, and this is his latest venture in the sushi world.  Before this spot gets crowded I'd recommend you check out this tucked away unknown gem and the greatness that is Chef James' sushi.  You can thank me later..I accept sushi as "thank yous". HA!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,9/16/2011,231,559,11,16,13>Yelp Challenge 365 #10/365This is place you can go to for a variety of reasons1) because you are looking for something to do2) you have guests and you need to find something to put on your agenda of things to do, places to see3) you are a teacher and you need a place to schedule for a class excursion4) you are a parent trying to educate your children 5) you want to see if what you saw on "Top Gun" is really what the movie claims things to beand my list can go on and on and onHere's the surprising thing: I try to find them on Yelp and find no one's yelped about them yet! I got my vouchers on Hot Deals Hawaii in my quest to entertain my niece and nephew. Of the places I chose to go, this has got to be the "hottest" place (and I mean 90 degrees under the hot sun) and the "coolest" person (and I mean Brad, our tour guide) who by the way tells me he is a volunteer! There are many planes and tanks and trucks and stuff! Each has its own meaning and served its special purpose at and during its own time. I am pleased because I learned a few things (definitely, I am a climate controlled person and serving in the military and flying planes or driving tanks are not my idea of fun) about the fighter planes, the tanks and trucks, but I am even more pleased with the fact my nephew found it so interesting and he was so involved with our journey, asking questions, etc. (all the while I wanted to sit under the darn tree by the parking lot because sugar melts)Oh one more IMPORTANT thing:  call for reservations. Can't get in without one. Ask for Brad. Cost is $5 per child, $7.50 per adult. Go in the morning before high noon= don't forget the sun screen go check it out:  nambp.org
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,9/15/2011,34,108,6,10,8>I really don't know why this restaurant isn't getting better reviews.  The atmosphere and decor is very nice, and reminiscent of an upscale restaurant in New York.  The drinks are really tasty (especially the Morimotini) and also very stiff.The food is delicious!!  There is a reason why this man is the Iron Chef!  Almost everything we tried was very tasty and also innovative.  We came here twice.  The first time we got the omakase, which I highly recommend.  All the courses were very good, and you will leave with a full stomach.  The second time, we just came for appetizers.  We had the oyster foie gras, the octopus carpaccio, the kanpachi sashimi, the ahi pizza, beef tartare, and some other dishes and they were all very good.  I think this restaurant has some of the best food on the island.The only thing I didn't like about this place was the customer service.  The waiters are all very young and I think most of them were hired simply because the restaurant had a fast opening.  I give them credit for memorizing the menu, but they just don't seem very professional.  One waiter spilled the fondue oil on my fiance's handbag and completely ruined the leather and tried to amend for it by saying "I can pay for the dry cleaning".  I mean, come on!  Are you serious???  How about you buy her a new bag?  He didn't even comp our meal or give us free dessert or anything like that.  Pretty ridiculous for a high-end restaurant.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,9/14/2011,166,258,2,19,13>The latest restaurant innovation, what is known as a pop-up, is officially here in Honolulu and ready to convert every typical diner into believers of this new sensation.  Andrew Le is half of the creative and talented force behind this unique dining experience that reminds us of why we go out to eat.First, I strongly recommend you head over to thepigandthelady.com and make reservations.  They sell out quickly and seating is limited (which is the point of this pop-up restaurant concept.  The prix fixe menu is absolutely incredible from start to finish, from the pupu's to each of the courses, to the coffee and the tea... you will want to come back time and time again. The best part about returning here?  The menu will be changing and evolving so no two dining experiences will ever be the same.  The food is what I would call an elevated, sophisticated and delicious take on many classic and favorites of the Vietnamese cuisine.  With an extraordinary culinary background and heritage supporting Andrew, you will find many dishes elevated with a modern flair that will have you trying to piece together the ingredients and origins.To us, the fun was tasting something classic we remembered about traditional Vietnamese cuisine and yet seeing it taken in a whole new direction which was just pleasant and delicious at the same time.They are BYOB as well so bring a nice bottle of wine (or beer, or sake, or ...) and really enjoy the evening with new friends as you surround yourself at the communal seating with diners who are there for the same reason.  Good food, a new experience and a fantastic experience!
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,9/13/2011,147,155,13,14,8>Remember watching Kill Bill 1  when Beatrix Kiddo walks into the small hole in the wall sushi spot looking for Hattori Hanzo to make her a sword?  Morio's is that type of spot.  Small, cozy, great service with a super entertaining master sushi chef that'll hit on the girl you're with while she's sitting right next to you...friend, gf, wifey, don't matter.  haha, Chef Morio rocks!  Not knowing what to get, we end up ordering the 'Up to the Chef' 12 piece special, Dragon Roll, and some baked clams.  All meals come with complimentary miso soup and salad.  With each bite, you can definitely taste the love and freshness that went into creating each item.Best of all...BYOB with no corkage fee!  Second best of all...there's a liquor store down two stores to the left that serves all your sake/alcohol needs!On a side note, I read in the 'Best Sushi in Hawaii'  Yelp Talk thread that Morio's is a fish distributor by day and distributes to Sasabune and Morimotos.  With those two places in the same sentence, you know this place is legit!yelp.com/topic/honolulu-…Morio's....he is the bomb.com!  Trust me!
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,9/12/2011,262,145,42,63,40>One of my girlfriends was visiting from out of town and at the last minute told me she wanted to go get facials. I wasn't sure if I could find any place that would take us with 2 days notice and was really happy that Laka, located in the same building as the hair salon where my aunty is a partial owner, was able to accommodate us. I decided to just go for their Signature Facials, figuring it would be the most basic. The lady I spoke to on the phone was really sweet and said that my friend and I could be in the same room if we were okay with that. I didn't really think anything of it and said, "sure!" I texted my friend and let her know we were booked for a love-ahs facial.After we arrived, we were offered tea and water and asked to fill out a brief survey. One of the questions asked if we'd recently had alcohol. We glanced at each other with panic/guilt and marked "no," but indicated that it had been about 10 hours. (Haha!) We were then led into a room and told to remove our tops (including our bras). I belatedly realized why I was asked if we'd be okay with being in the same room. Giggles. Who knew you had to get topless for a facial? Luckily, I am not so modest in my old age. After snuggling under the blankets on the heated tables, our facialists entered the room and began their work.The facial employed a lot of massage. Work was done on my head, neck, face, shoulders, arms, hands, and even my legs. Looking back, I think maybe I should have said something about the amount of pressured used, because I am pretty sure that two days later, my neck is bruised. That little Japanese lady has some STRONG fingers! But that's my bad for not speaking up, and I think most people would probably love all the pressure. I know this sounds totally New Age-y, but I felt as though all the toxins from the previous night's antics were leaving my body. I wished I could just lie there for hours!Afterwards, we were led to a beautiful room to have tea and relax. The tea was a little too sweet for my taste, but they also brought me water. Everyone here was so kind, and my friend was able to use one of the rooms to fix her hair. The entire place was decorated beautifully, and you can tell someone put a lot of thought into all the details. When it was time to leave, there were really zero attempts to sell any products and minimal attempts to push any additional services on us. I would highly recommend Laka to anyone looking for a peaceful and relaxing experience.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,9/11/2011,544,212,8,9,10>Old school Japanese. And i mean OOOOOOOLD.  Well, the people who run the place aren't THAT old but you get what I mean.. Or do you? Now a days, when you think Japanese food, most places that come up are asian fusion this, eurasian that and the ones that aren't are Americanized. (aka you'd probably find stuff like NY Steak with french fries on the menu)  Yet, Hata is still around as one of the last of the old school guard.  This place is so OLD, the pictures of their food posted in their windows have faded to the point where its just a piece of tan-ish paper.The building is run down, the walls could use repainting, but none the less the food is still delicious.  The menu here is extensive from tofu and sashimi to udon.  They have your favorites like tonkatsu, butterfish and sukiyaki. :) MMM. The dinner service here gets really crowded so you may have to wait for a little to get a table (theres only about 6-8 tables) but its good japanese food.  The parking is strictly on street unless there is some lot i don't know about. And if you don't know how to get there, its across the street from Washington Middle school and Zippy's on king street. :)Hata's is a mom and pop stop that serves good tasting japanese food. I'm sure you'll find something you like here. It's definitely a place that I'll come back to.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,9/10/2011,577,251,6,10,8>I have this policy:  If I'm ever in or near Wahiawa at or before lunch or dinner time, I stop at Molly's Smoke House and get gumbo.  So over the past 5 years or so, I think I've had gumbo from Molly's Smoke House twice... Okay, I don't make it to Wahiawa very often, and I believe on my last couple of trips there, they were out of gumbo.  So, it had been a really long time since I had any: We're taking years, not months.  I was a little worried it might not be as good as I remembered, or that they might not even make it any more.  To make matters worse, I arrived late tonight, shortly before closing time, and therefore increasing the chances they would be out of gumbo again.Yay!  They had gumbo, but it was a lot more expensive than I remembered.  I ordered it to-go with a side of fried okra.  The bill came to almost $17.  I was thinking this better still be really good for this price.The wait for my order was fairly long, but I occupied myself with taking pictures of the dining room and catching up on my Twitter feed.  When she brought me my package, she handed it to me with one hand and flipped the 'Open' sign over to read 'Closed' with the other.  Cool, I had closed the place.I snacked on my okra on the way back to town in my truck.  It wasn't all that great.  In fact it was quite disappointing.  This really got me to worrying about the gumbo.  I did not want it to be disappointing. Well, it wasn't!  It was even better than I remembered.  It was loaded with seafood.  The first thing I saw as I opened the container really shocked me.  There was a whole crab claw in there, arm and all!  Second shock; there was also half a crab, complete with the rest of the legs intact.  Several plump shrimp and a couple large chunks of spicy sausage were floating around in the very tasty gumbo stock as well.  In short, for me, Molly's Smoke House gumbo was worth the $13 they were asking for it, and I'm sticking to my policy.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,9/9/2011,865,217,47,61,49>More like a 3.5 star (better than "A-OK" for the efficient staff & fried Geso Karaage w/curry salt).The Kurobuta pork tonkatsu was delicious but I'm not sure if a 7oz cutlet paired w/AYCE rice & shredded cabbage is worth the $36 (tax not included). I can see why people would rave about this place, it's good, I get that. But if I had to walk a total of 1.3 miles to get there, I wanna be wowed. I want every bite to sing to me, to tell me how I've been missing out on all those times I've ordered the pork tonkatsu from Maguro-Ya in Kaimuki (complete meal" for 1/2 the price you'd pay at Bairin). You could also get a pork katsu bento w/miso soup for just $8 at Bento-Ya Iyasume yelp.com/biz_photos/tIXI…. Ok, back to TGB. It wasn't mind-blowing but I'm glad we checked it out. It ain't cheap here folks! I think I'll save TGB for a special occasion or if i feel like indulging once in a while.The Kurobuta pork was delicious, but their regular pork katsu was great as well (it's tasty enough to satisfy my fried cutlet cravings). 3 different grades of tonkatsu avail (all served with AYCE rice & raw cabbage):1) "GinKatsu" Pork Loin Katsu ($19 for 4oz of meat):     Their cheapest but very well made: lean but meaty & juicy! I was very satisfied & happy with this cut. The meat was cooked well, and the panko crust was perfectly crunchy. All of their katsus are fried in a good quality cottonseed oil, makes for a very light & crispy crust that doesn't leave you feeling heavy or guilty. It's definitely not your run-of-the-mill cutlet you would find at L&L. 2) Thick-Cut Pork Loin Katsu ($23 for 4oz).3) KUROBUTA PORK LOIN KATSU ($36 for 7oz):Thicker cut of meat than the GinKatsu. The meat tasted cleaner, not as "porky" as the 2 other cheaper cuts (if that makes any sense). The fat marbling on this was great! It just melts as you're chewing, makes for a very tender piece of meat (yelp.com/biz_photos/D9s3…).WAFU OROSHI PORK LOIN KATSU ($21):Ginkatsu katsu is used. The wafu sauce is made from homemade ponzu topped w/freshly grated daikon oroshi. TGB's wafu sauce is a lot more vinegary than what I'm used to. Too tangy for my taste.yelp.com/biz_photos/D9s3…PORK TENDERLOIN KATSU SANDWICH ($10)This is what everyone talks about when TGB is mentioned. Their very popular "Katsu Sando" is also avail at Shirokiya. I wasn't too impressed when I tried it at Shirokiya: cold, soggy & greasy.The one at the restaurant was much better, but not out-of-this world amazing. The white, crustless bread was soft and fluffy. The meat was lean, but still tender. There was just the right about of katsu sauce.yelp.com/biz_photos/D9s3…***GESO KARAAGE (squid tentacles w/curry dipping salt, $7.50)***This I would come back for. You guys know how much I love my karaage-anything!! The geso arrived looking dry and tough, but it wasn't the case when you bite into it. Cooked perfectly! The curry salt takes this dish to the next level, you can either sprinkle it over the entire dish or use it as a dipping sauce.yelp.com/biz_photos/D9s3…SCALLOP KOROKKE (cream croquette served w/mac salad & shredded cabbage, 3 pc for $9):Milk, flour & butter is mixed with ground up scallops to make a think Japanese-style Béchamel sauce, dredged in panko and fried. Different than their other type of meat/potato korokke.yelp.com/biz_photos/D9s3…Crunchy and not greasy at all! Looks good doesn't it?  yelp.com/biz_photos/D9s3…Smooth velvety, cream sauce on the inside. You can taste the scallops,  but I wished there were actual scallop pieces in there. yelp.com/biz_photos/D9s3…Reservations highly recommended because they're always busy.Closed on Mondays. Open for lunch from 11am-2:30pm Tues- FriDinner 5pm-9:30pm Tues-Sun; Till midnight Fri-SatDon't forget their late-night specials every Fri & Sat from 9pm-midnight. You get bite-sized pieces of skewered katsu items (veggies, pork, shrimp,etc) and sushi for $1 each.yelp.com/biz_photos/D9s3…3hrs validated parking is avail next door, in the Planet Hollywood building for $1.Or you can always park at the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center for 3 hrs free w/validation. Just pretend to be a patron & get validated at Cheesecake Factory or PF Changs. *mufufufu*
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,9/8/2011,87,129,13,12,9>As we roll up in the parking lot, we can see "Grand Opening," Mylar balloons tied to the parking, and no parking signs fronting the establishment. It's been open a few weeks, but I guess tonight is the real "Grand Opening" and we scored choice parking real close, as the parking lot is choked with patrons for The Alley, and Dirty Lickens. The staff , it would appear, are all related, and seem to really enjoy serving and conversing with the customers as they take orders, deliver food, and ask the patrons 'hows everything, hows the food, everything alright?' I like that fine dining attitude, from this small hole in the wall establishment. "First impressions, are lasting impressions" They don't have a liquor license, so we were allowed to bring our own wine ( the Roving Winos strike again ... AURITE!) Warm chips, and cool tasty salsa are brought as we get seated, and after a short while we begin to order. For our appetizer , the Ceviche ( Lime Marinated Mahi Mahi, with Pico de Gallo, served with avocado, and corn tostada) was a generous portion at $8.99. Wifes entree, Chiles Rellenos, large poblano pepper stuffed with chicken, beef or cheese, (She got the cheese) with rice and beans, $7.49. Me, I got the Carnitas, chunks of slow cooked pork loin served with rice, beans, flour or corn tortilla, garnished with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and sliced avocado, $9.50. You know, we really don't consider ourselves Mexican food connoisseurs, but we know what we like, and if we liked what we ate, then that's all that matters. And at Charros, we loved it. Her delish Chile Rellenos, was cheesy and runny, and the rice sopped up gooey goodness just right. My Carnitas was terrific, as I like my pork more on the dry side, than on the pulled pork style. It seemed to have been cooked like a Lichon ( spiced, and roasted over flame ....mmmmmm!) but probably wasn't. The portions weren't tiny either, and the Ceviche app lasted thru dinner, (cause like I said earlier, it was a generous serving) so needless to say desert wasn't even considered. Then after a few more sips of wine, and the paying of the super reasonable bill ( we had found a grand opening coupon) Tax and tip Thirty Dinero, muchas gracias. The customary knuckle bump, it was decided we'll be back in two weeks, for a second Yelp followup. So as we say in Hawaiian ... Adios!
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,9/7/2011,265,441,9,9,11>Originally, with a name like 'En Fuego' I was expecting to find a bad ass little Mexican food shop in Kapolei. Unfortunately - I was wrong about the Mexican food - but right up on it with the 'bad-ass-edness". I stumbled into this place hungry for a breakfast burrito, but instead - ended up with the most ono of grindz in Kap-town. The GOOD: The garlic chicken (and its spicy garlic chicken cousin) is incredible. Crispy chicken coated in a delicious sweet sauce that makes you reek of garlic for hours. I've brushed my teeth twice and I'm still tasting the delicious bite of garlic and spice. En Fuego also takes Isle Discount (i.d. cards) and you get 15% off your order with the purchase of a regular plate + drink - that's around $2 off for your typical order.  Each Styro-clam-box is packed with perfect rice, reasonable amount of meat, salad (mac or green) and grease-trapping cabbage. En Fuego also allows you to mix and match your meat and double pack yourself with two meats - two flavors - two styles. And who doesn't love packing their face with two kinds of meat? Imagine, opening wide to have some double meat penetration in your mouth - Spicy Garlic Chicken and Garlic Ahi. Talk about protein packed breakfast.The BAD: The main 'bad' is that the location is far from classy looking on the inside. Tables and chairs are kind of thrown together and topped with matching table cloths, but you kind of feel like you're eating in aunty's garage or something. What's good though is that the food is just as good as if your aunty was making it. They probably also get really busy sometimes too, because my table was a bit messy, covered in the crumbs of the previous oral orgy - so I had to clean up a bit before I started my meal.Overall: The people behind the counter are uber-friendly, and even better, the folks cooking the food are 'on it'. I asked a couple time, "What would you get if you were going to eat right now?" and they always have a great suggestion to satisfy your palate. I come here ever so often, when I actually need to get a filling-big breakfast, and with your only other option being KOA Pancake House across the parking lot - En Fuego is definitely the better bet. They also appear to work on a Hawaiian schedule, sometimes they open on time in the morning, sometimes around 9, other times like 6 - you know how it goes.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,9/6/2011,376,199,26,30,31>I, Val Y., am a male; born, raised and educated in the Western way. I believe that God created the universe. I am a college graduate and a professional that has a strong interest in the environment.  I am concerned about how man and civilization has had this very distressful impact on our world. I have great apprehensions about how our development has lead us to this tipping point on Earth, and worry about the overburdening of our landfills; the burning of fossil fuels; deforestation and global warming. I believe people in the world should "think green".I, Val Y., am Japanese male by ancestry. I was born with this inherent appreciation of nature. I sense the world as a Japanese Shintoist. I believe all things of nature are Kami (Gods). I believe Mother Nature should be respected as a God. I have adopted my ancestors belief in Buddhism. Philosophically, I believe that if one leads a righteous path, you will be reincarnated.Believe it or not, I was looking for 12, 6'-0" X 1" X 8" tongue and groove redwood pieces for my friend's home repair project when my mind started wandering; thinking about the Western and Eastern me.   Do you know how hard it is to find 1" X 8" T and G redwood? Did you know that they sell new T and G redwood in only eight foot lengths? Do you know how expensive redwood is? Did you know that if you need six feet you have to buy eight feet and throw two feet away?I called two of my carpenter friends and explained my situation.  In my mind; I'm worried about cost and wondering why those two foot pieces have to be end up as trash? One of my carpenter friends says "Try 'Re-Use Hawaii'!"I never heard of the place.   I felt anxious and had a hard time breathing because I think I was having a panic attack; so I decided to go down and take a look.My first impression was WOW!! One man's trash is another man's treasure. Re-Use Hawaii turns waste into a resource. They are a non-profit organization that does "de-construction".  De-construction is the art of taking a building apart and recycling the building materials for sale, re-use and construction of another project.The old "Demolish a Building" way:Cut down a thousand year old treeCut the tree into boards and lumberSell the boards and lumberUse the boards and lumber to built a houseDemolish the house after 50 yearsTake the boards and lumber from the demo'd house to a overburdened landfill; or burn the boards and lumber so that it becomes ashes to ashes and dust to dustCarbon dioxide is released into the atmosphereCarbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that increases the greenhouse effect and global warming.The Re-Use Hawaii and "Think Green" way: Cut down a thousand year old treeCut the tree into boards and lumberSell the boards and lumberUse the boards and lumber to built a houseDe-construct the house after 50 yearsTake the boards and lumber to Re-Use Hawaii; they prepare the building material for saleBoards and lumber purchased by consumer looking for 12, 6'-0" X 1" X 8" pieces of T and G redwoodT and G boards installed and looks new after paintingConsumer is happyThere is less burden on our landfillLess burning of fossil fuelsLess deforestationLess carbon dioxide and global warming.  This re-cycling and re-use can go on and on and on.I was amazed to see the kinds and quantity of building materials that are sold here. The list included ohia flooring, beautiful paneled hardwood solid core doors, light fixtures, stainless steel sinks and counters, marble tile, bricks, granite countertops, hardware, toilets, tubs, cabinets, real wood lattice, shelving, solid hardwood molding; every kind of building material you can imagine. They even sell salvaged screws and nails. All in pretty good condition; at a price at least half of what you pay for new.Sometimes it is good to sit back and reflect.  Sometime it is good to reflect and be thankful.I am glad that I was born a Western male with the sensitivity and concerns for our planet and future generations. I'm am glad that I was open minded enough to visit the Re-Use Hawaii warehouse.I am Japanese by ancestry and Buddhist. I have this Eastern way of thinking. I believe that building materials can have a righteous path and that "Re-Use Hawaii" could be called "Reincarnation Hawaii".P.S.  Open Monday thru Friday - 8:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M.  Saturdays - 9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.P.P.S.  Ladies! You are looking at things the wrong way. The material here is "vintage". Think of this place as "Vintage Hawaii". The recycled lav you buy here may have come out of a house owned by a very famous person. In fact, I bought a door knob that may have been touched by Jack Lord. How about them apples? There is nothing wrong with re-used. Think green and "vintage" when you visit this store.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,9/5/2011,410,147,8,12,9>I was always curious and a bit skeptical about Aloha Salads. Every time I passed by, it seemed as if they never had any customers. But I'm pleased to report that there is much to discover!It's always a little intimidating visiting a restaurant for the first time...but its especially nerve-wracking when it's a "walk up and order" place. I had the opportunity of going to the order counter to look at the menu (because I couldn't read the main menu since my vision is so bad). I was then confronted with a shift supervisor(?) and he just stared at me! I told him I was just looking at the menu but he kept staring waiting for me to order...talk about intimidating! I eventually decided to get the regular sized Kahuku Spinach yelp.com/user_local_phot… which was one of their "signature specials" and was $9.25. The Kahuku Spinach was outstanding! Normally I'm not too fond of salads...I'm more of a "give me something with protein" type of guy. But the Kahuku Spinach had grilled tiger shrimps, bacon, wedges of avocado, and a whole hardboiled egg on top of bed of fresh spinach leaves. Talk about a power packed protein salad! The Kahuku shrimp was hot and tasted as if it were just grilled. And their papaya seed dressing was also pretty interesting. It was very sweet and left a pleasant aftertaste. While ordering I learned that the regular size order comes with 4 pieces of shrimp, or you can order a smaller one for $2 less and comes with 2 pieces. But no matter what size you get, I would highly recommend getting the salad dressing on the side. That way you can control the amount of dressing on your salad!  The service was fast! I was in and out in within 5 minutes and my salad even came with two hot pieces of pita bread! The best part is that everything is local! Hmm...I wonder if they just buy ingredients from Wholefoods next door. But for $9.25 I'd say it's fairly priced for a salad. After all eating healthy is EXPENSIVE! I swear...if America wanted to be cut obesity they should make fast food expensive and healthy food cheap. Because if they did I would eat these salads everyday!Yelp 365 Challenge: Review 16/365
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,9/4/2011,378,219,28,11,11>*8 musubi plus bottle water = $16*Dear Manabu Musubi,I arrived at your establishment at 12pm to find a darkened storefront and "sold out" sign affixed to your door.  I shook my fist at the heavens then fell to my knees, weeping bitterly. The following day I rallied and showed up at 9:30am to your complete selection.  I have tasted nearly every musubi and loved them all, but my best love, as it is saved for my favorite child, is reserved for your tuna mayo and ume musubi.  To feel the magic these must be eaten simultaneously, holding one in each hand and taking alternating bites.  OCD?  Nonsense.  Super extra awesome musubi eater?  Correct.Two is not enough, and as I have to consume them by twos I have no choice but to eat four.  Yes I feel that niggling guilt of having consumed a grossly disproportionate amount of rice to protein.  Yes I feel as though said rice is expanding in my stomach threatening to rupture something in a bad way.  All worth it.How do you transform the banal into extraordinary?  It must be your witchy Japanese ways.  Not unlike the Japanese ability to make everything irrationally cute. Like toast and poo.See you soon.  Before 11.Yours,Angela
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,9/3/2011,263,224,12,8,10>Before I begin in case you didn't read my quick tip, Chef Cassie is leaving his truck to open a restaurant on August 6, 2011 at 1137 11th Avenue. So PEOPLE GET READY! Yes I am honoring the greatest reggae singer Bob Marley in this review.I first heard of Jawaiian Irie Jerk Lunch Wagon when I yelped Mapunapuna and noticed this was the highest ranked in this area. I was devastated to find out he moved to across the convention center. You will find it located in  CONCRETE JUNGLE.  I have been WAITING IN VAIN to try his food.  It took me couple years, but I finally made it.  For about a month more you can find this truck in a parking lot next to Century center in a parking lot. Yes its hard to get to and there isn't much tables to eat your food but come on people the name alone should lure you to this magical truck. Don't worry his food provides REDEMPTION.  I approached his truck and heard some reggae music JAMMING. I made my order for Jawaiian Jerk Chicken and Jawaiian Jerk Pork. I watched in anticipation as he reached for the stew and begin to STIR IT UP and PUT IT ON my plate. All the ingredients combine to create ONE LOVE of NATURAL MYSTIC food. ONE DROP of this food will SATISFY YOUR SOUL. Just look at the food it screams TRY ME. The plate included entree, flavored rice, squash stew and a patty. Yes the SHINE WAS SHINING that day. I came home and had to wait for my wife to come home to eat dinner, NO WOMAN NO CRY.....I took some of her pork.IS THIS LOVE? Yes it is thank you Chef Cassie for making THEM BELLY FULL. GET UP STAND UP and take a drive to this wonderful Rastafarian adventure.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,9/2/2011,360,130,10,8,7>My last boss was totally in love with Michael Jackson: This Is It when it came out. Every company meeting, he'd have to drop the line "THIS IS IT!" at least once. Total facepalm for me every time.I'm sooooo glad he never heard of This Is It Bakery & Deli, he'd be a fucking broken record "This Is It! Now lets go to This Is It! WOW THIS IS IT!!" But honestly, this IS it when it comes to bagels. I am not a bagel fan unless it is fresh. I know there's mixed reviews here about freshness, it seems 50/50 whether you get a fresh bagel here or not. I was lucky to be one of those that did get a fresh bagel. I ordered the Rossi Special Breakfast Bagel which was damn ono. And I literally paid for it with the change out of my pocket! $3-something I believe.I would have ordered a sandwich, but a sign said "Serving Lunch From 11:30" and it wasn't that time yet. But then after I got my breakfast bagel, I turned around to see someone with a sandwich. Whaaa...?The Lunch confusion was a little disenchanting of what would've been a really perfect experience. It's okay though, I don't mind coming back again soon to try their lunches.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,9/1/2011,731,1118,8,12,12>When someone asks me where should they go get Hawaiian food, only one place comes to mind, Yama's Fish Market. They offer some of the best Hawaiian food in Honolulu consistently and some of the best value. As a primarily grab and go spot, its location is convenient for the townies and did I mention they offer some of the best Hawaiian food in town?The menu features all of the Hawaiian foods you would come to expect, but let's be honest. You come here for three things. 1) Laualau, 2) Kalua Pig, and 3) Haupia. Theirs are among my favorites in town and at pretty reasonable prices. The laulau is cooked well and the meat is moist and tender while the kalua pig is perfectly salty with the smoky flavors. The haupia is rich in flavors and perfectly gelatinous (is that a word?). Don't get me wrong, the other menu items are stellar as well, but this is what I come here for.Service is good, although can be a bit slow at times. They are very personable and very helpful. They certainly know their menu and can help you out if you happen to be torn between choices...however, I pose the question "Why not get both?"Parking can fill up, however there generally is a steady turnover of stalls so just pull over on the side of the street and wait.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,8/31/2011,207,115,9,11,11>Don't be expecting the Shokudo crowd here, it's a bit more...seasoned. Over the years I have eaten here many times, always on Sunday and always with my family, a change of venue for our Sunday dinner. Like most eateries I frequent, I rarely stray from my usual fare thus, I have never ordered anything other than the 3 piece teshoku set, call me predictable. My three choices usually include one of the following;  the miso butterfish, which is always delicious albeit petite but so worth it.  The chicken katsu,  generous amount for a three set, perfectly cooked, crunchy, thick and not too oily this is a very underrated chicken katsu, I love it. The miso salmon, similar size as the butterfish but just as good, I used to include the Saba but they don't offer that anymore. After reading Tricia M's review I wasnt aware that they offered chicken karaage, goes to show how long its been since I read the menu, this will surely be one of my choices on my next visit! Another positive note is that for as many times as I have been here the food is always the same so I know what to expect. The teshoku of course comes with miso soup, salad with their special oriental dressing which I love and salted cabbage, I cant remember what its called. Service here is quick and attentive, water gets filled promptly and food arrives within a reasonable time. Parking is tight especially on Sundays. This place does tend to be a little frigged though so if you tend get cold I would recommend bringing a jacket or sweater. The restrooms are clean and have paper towels instead of the hand dryers which I hate, how am I supposed to open the door without paper towels?
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,8/30/2011,704,321,18,10,9>Doodie, doodie, doodie... here I am driving down the street... Mmm... what's this warehouse store over here? Mmm... Fisher? Like the stereo company? I like stereos... OK... interesting... the sign says "discount"... I like discount stereos. Maybe I'll pop my big ol' head in and see what they've got in there and....OH MY GOD!!!!!!!! *faints*This store is insane!!!!!!!! A huge maze of everything you've ever wanted for art and school projects, office supplies and furniture... on and on and on, forever into infinity!!!!! This store rocks!Wide large roll of Gorilla tape for $4!? Suck that mainland!!!!
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,8/29/2011,979,330,14,13,13>Bonjour mes amis! I recently watched Julie & Julia and have consequently developed a strong urge to get jiggy with French cuisine. Now, I know I can't make every dish in Child's cookbook, but I can find places that offer them!Conveniently located in the former Weyerhaeuser building (888 N. Nimitz Hwy) near Home Depot in Iwilei, La Tour Café is an oasis of deliciousness with an eclectic French-inspired menu featuring Tartines (open faced sandwiches), Panini (pressed sandwiches), flat breads, salads, and perhaps most famously, French Macarons (colorful meringue cookies). I literally had a mental breakdown twice on deciding what I wanted to eat here because I would look at the menu, then the TV screen of specials, then the pastry case, then back to the menu, then to the Macarons. My sister on the other hand could careless and ordered the Mac & Cheese. Whatever. ($4.00)I ended up getting the Croque Monsieur and could not have made a better choice. Literally translated, "Mister Crunch" was exactly that, crunchy to the max. Basically its two huge slices of their fresh French bread topped with ham, tomato, and oh so gooey Gruyère cheese toasted open-face to a flawless golden brown. "You had me at 'bon appétit,'" was all that I could utter. Seeing as it is served with a salad and it makes a satisfying lunch for only 8 bucks.In addition we also shared a (gigantic) side of Pomme Frites (French fries) with Swiss dressing as a dipping sauce. I wished there was an option to add them to my croque because when we finished we still hadn't seen the bottom of the basket. ($3.00)On my second visit, it was breakfast o'clock and my stomach was starting to eat itself. I've been on a quiche binge as of late so I thought I'd try theirs out. Oddly enough, I found out La Tour does not serve Quiche Lorraine until 10 a.m. Bummer. I agreed with the cashier to stay on the breakfast menu and ordered a bacon, egg, and cheddar breakfast sandwich for $4.00 and a $2.00 cup of Honolulu Coffee Co.'s 100% Kona café au lait. Before I was left the register, a complimentary basket of fresh-out-the-fryer beignets (doughnuts) slid my way. Can I get a "merci beaucoup"?My breakfast ménage à trois was the best I've had and will make me a regular here, but the pièce de résistance were the Macarons I mentioned earlier. Light, colorful double-decker meringue cookie sandwiches made famous by French patisserie Ladurée. It was my first time experiencing them in person, so they were quite a treat at $1.50 each. But the flavors...oh the flavors! From the Matcha (green tea) to the Yuzu (citrus fruit) and my favorite, POG (Passion Orange Guava), there's a Macaron for everyone! Hopefully you won't give up sweets for Lent this year so you wont miss out on La Tour's family jewels; however, if you do, make sure you head to La Tour Café today! VITE VITE!
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,8/28/2011,48,51,10,11,11>After reading all the GLORIOUS reviews...I excitedly used my day off to find this hole in the wall.  On the drive there I kept going back and forth between this place and another one nearby, so I told myself that if that ONE parking stall is taken I'd eat at the other not-so-healthy establishment.  As we slowly pulled up...could it be???....the sign in the stall said "CAFE PANINI RESERVED 24 HOURS"...it was open...YAHOO!!!  Then I started second guessing my luck, afterall it was 11:30 a.m....perhaps this place was closed on Wednesdays?  Pretty much clueless and lost, we walked through the glass doors...it looked like they just lead to a waiting room/elevators and BAM!...an enormous line!!!  I knew right then that I was in the right place.  The workers/usuals in that building were all taken back at how long the line was...apparently everyone was on my wavelength, craving some healthy stuff. =)  The line wasn't moving and the thought to go to that other establishment did cross my mind, but c'mon, I scored the parking...I couldn't leave now...it was meant to be!I had read the reviews and checked out their menu online, therefore I had my order memorized...Turkey Pesto, side hummus, side pita and chocolate chip cookies.  The wait was long - definitely not McDonalds speed - but my toddler was an angel - THANKS to the Aunties that entertained her while we were all waiting for our food -  so I didnt mind waiting at all.  We got our food, jumped in the car and headed home.  But ugh...I didnt want to go home yet, so we stopped off at the nearest park.  I'm SO glad we did because the tomato in the Turkey Pesto was already starting to sog the bread.  I felt so selfish...I didnt get anything for my toddler to eat?!?!?  But to my surprise, she loved the sandwich (even ate the tomatoes) AND the mac salad!  She even liked the Honest Tea Peach drink I bought at the last minute....it's an oolong tea with a splash of peach...very bland sweetness, the way I like it. =)  We ate the whole sandwich  - one of those couldn't let it go to waste/couldn't stop eating it dilemmas.  We finished off the mac salad too - it was different looking, didnt taste mayo-y, kinda looked like it had dill in it, but not overpowering.  It was simply a different texture/taste to change up/clear the palate between bites of the sandwich.  We were both pleasantly stuffed, but with a couple more shopping stops on my agenda I HAD to try the hummus.  Whoa Baby!!!  The Pita was absolutely lovely.  Chewy, thick goodness.  Granted I'm not an expert in this area, but I LOVED IT!!!  I saved half my pita for later, which then ended up falling on the ground and given to the birds...aww!  The hummus has a tang to it....another L-O-V-E!The chocolate chip cookies are just enough chewy and just enough crispy.  I wouldv'e been happier with a little less chips in it, but overall it was yumm-a-licious!  Anyways, I'm hoping to leave a little earlier tomorrow morning so I can revisit them (if I can score The Parking) to try the raved about burrito AND hopefully get more of the pita and hummus. =)Ok, so this morning I drive on over there in the pouring rain/bad traffic (20 minutes late for work because of it, but it's Friday??)  and I score the parking again =)))  The reviews about "the burrito" didn't quite specify which one...I got the Carlos Burrito.  The bugga is HUMANGOUS!!!  It has red onions, eggs, cheese, bacon and tomatoes in it.  Surprisingly the smooth, definitely home made salsa that comes on the side is quite spicy!  The burrito...ah...I think I should've gotten the regular breakfast burrito with bacon (which is duh...prob the one they're yelping about).  Perhaps onions in the morning isnt my thing.  I asked for the pita and hummus, but unfortunately he didnt have any pitas ready.  I did order the White Mocha coffee...it was perfect on this rainy morning...sitting in traffic, sippin away, made the commute much more enjoyable!!!  I loved that it looked like he made it fresh right there and it wasnt too sweet, but the flavor of the coffee ??? was a little odd...I was trying to figure out what that sourish taste was...was burnt??  While waiting I looked for the pasta salad in the fridge, but nada.  I did buy a turkey avocado half sandwich from the fridge...not sure what kind of bread it is...its kind of a swirly brown/white color.  I'll be eating that for lunch.  Anywho...at least I got to try the breakfast...not worth being late for work in my opinion but if you're in the area, why not.  I am still craving the hummus and pita...UGHHH...can't get it out of my head!!!  I'm even considering using taking a vacation day to get some =P I will definitely be back for lunch as often as I can.  A vegetarian coworker's bday is coming up later this month...we'll probably order out from there =)All this talk about there being a new owner soon...anyone know when?
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,8/27/2011,266,263,11,21,8>Okay, before going into this review keep in mind that I do not go to the salon...ever. Up until this visit to RyanJacobie I've been letting my 17-year-old niece cut my hair and dyeing my hair out of a box. So what? I'm broke.My hair is very long and my bangs grew out and it just kept getting in my face and since I go to school in town, I had enough. I looked on Yelp and found RyanJacobie.After wandering on Smith St., I found this beautiful gem, walked in and was instantly greeted by two gentleman. YES! They were taking walk-ins so I sat down, filled out a customer form, and I'm guessing it was Ryan? offered me water,tea, or coffee. SHUT THE FRONT DOORI've never been to a salon that offered that.After filling out the form, Davey, my man of the hour sat me down and asked what I wanted. I didn't even have to say much, I could have sworn I said something around the lines of, "cut bangs, cut little bit of hair" and I thought to myself, was that too general? But he knew what I wanted...like he read my mind or something.Davey took me in the back to their shampoo area that has a very nice serene ambiance, really great after the hustle & bustle of school and town. There were candles lit and easy listening (you know what I'm talking about) music playing. After scolding me about not going to a salon...ever (yeah I deserved it) Davey gave me the most awesome head massage (that sounds wrong but whatev). My hair is thin (my filipino genes didn't kick in here) so he shampooed and conditioned my hair with the lemon sage thickening line from Paul Mitchell. Afterwards, I got to do the thing I never thought I would be doing...reading magazines at a salon. I was thinking in my head, damn this is legit haha. Anyway...He cut my hair perfectly. He knew that length was important to me so he just cut off an inch and it still looked very long. He gets an A+++ on my bangs because I'm so picky when it comes to them. Needless to say, Davey gave me the works, using products that would help my hair regain it's health and even straightened it (I never straighten my hair). I think one of the things I loved most about this salon was that I felt like I was visiting the salon with my friends. Usually salons intimidate me but the whole time I was talking story with them and they were so friendly.Another is that they're willing to work with you, especially when you're on tight budget like I am.They really do go above and beyond to cater to their customers.I also got free shampoo for checking in with Yelp :) so that was another plus.Yeah, RyanJacobie just gained another loyal customer. Will definitely come back.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,8/26/2011,392,296,12,14,12>OK, Marukami udon, why did you have to remind me of my trip to Japan with my brother and his fam, seriously. The decor, to the noise, to the people standing in line, to the smell of the broth, to the no bathroom unless you cross the street, to everything.... PLUS watching the guy make the fresh udon noodles to eating all the freshly made tempura?  KILLING ME!  Yes, there is a lineYes, you have to find your own parkingYes, it is in the middle of WaikikiYes, it is cafeteria styleBUT for real, if you want SUPER good udon at reasonable prices...COME ON NOW...you gotta do it.  I have consumed a lot of udon and this one takes the cake, and the brownie on the side too.  I like to think of myself as a udon iron chef judge....haha!I had the squid tempura, shrimp tempura, croquette, thin sliced teri beef udon, and the asst. musubi...and it was ALL good.  I slurped my head off and my fam loved it too!!!Hit this place, you won't be disappointed....
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,8/25/2011,577,575,4,8,11>Yelp 365: 03/365Finally tried Salt for the first time with Thomas O. Emily L. Riana S. David C. Chuco T. and Cameron S.  I've heard both bad and great things about it, so I knew that I had to try it for myself.  We went on Tuesday night, so there was apparently tons of parking on the street ... but of course with my luck I couldn't find any.  So I parked in a back lot behind Salt.  Metered parking and unlike Chinatown, it's not free after 6.  That was kind of a bummer, especially because I don't keep coins in my car.It's a very cozy, chic kind of place, and the ambiance is something I could definitely get used to.  Of course it's dinner time so I started off with wine.  I was rather sad that they didn't have cabernet, but they did have chianti.  And Thomas O. and I had a long discussion about how to pronounce that.  But, if you love red wine or alcohol in general, the chianti is pretty delicious.Now on to the tapas.  They had a pretty extensive menu, and I loved that everything is grown local.  And don't be fooled because even though it's a 'tasting bar" you can get full very fast.  Especially if you get one of their burgers.  I tried part of Riana S.'s pork belly sandwich with kalei egg and aioli (my favorite kind of sauce).  Salt's sauce is even better because it's not really sharp.  The flavor is mellow, so you can taste the pork belly flavor.  This sandwich (along with most other things on the menu) are an acquired taste.  But pork belly?  LOVE THE TASTE OF IT.  David S. and I got the house platter.  I give this dish 5 stars because it came with chicken pate.  I think I was the only one who liked it because no one else ate it.  It tastes like chicken and has the texture of peanutbutter ... what's not to like??  It also came with an assortment of dried meats and pickled green beans and cauliflower.  Loved it.  Anything pickled is definitely my cup of tea.Tried some of Thomas O.'s meatball dish.  Our server said it was a combination of pork and beef, and it was delish!!!  Just the right amount of flavor of both, so you can' t tell the difference.  It tastes like a whole different type of meat.  Thomas O. and Emily L. also got the Grilled Shinsato Pork Stuffed Calamari.  SO GOOD.  I love the texture of the calamari, and the stuff inside was just divine.  I don't know how else to explain it other than you have to try it.  It's a pretty powerful taste that leaves you wanting more and more.  Cameron S. got the fingerlings, and those were pretty darn good.  It was a great light flavored aioli sauce that caught my attention though.  It wasn't a heavy sauce, nor was it a heavy dish in general.  Very pleasing as an appetizer for the rest of my tapas.  Haha.  Granted, the menu was hard for all of us to read, but all we had to do was ask our server.  They're all so friendly and more than willing to explain something that you don't understand.  5 stars for them.The other food items that we got (sorry, I forgot the names) were okay.  Not 5 stars, but they were still good.  Salt really is an experience.  Go in to it with an open mind and an empty tummy.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,8/24/2011,173,319,7,13,12>I love Korean food.  At least once a week I'm craving any kind of Korean  food.  I've read a few reviews about this place and I've passed by it numerous times, one morning I thought, I'm going to just get something so I can stop wondering how good it is. I looked up their menu online so I knew what I wanted when I got there, I wanted to try something different from other Korean places.  So I ordered:The Char broiled Saba fillet.  It's under the specials and comes with four sides and white rice.  Came out to: $8.70.  Their sides were also different from other Korean bbq places, this is a GOOD thing.*I got the noodles, which had a bit more vegetables than other places I've tried, yay!   *The tofu, this is one place where the tofu was actually displayed and had the seasonings on it already (red pepper and sauce etc.).*Broccoli, what I LOVED about this broccoli was that they were cut into pieces that could actually fit in my mouth.  I hate getting those huge pieces of broccoli and I have to go cut it myself into itty bitty pieces JUST to eat it! It was steamed perfectly and nicely sprinkled with carrot shavings.*Lastly I got the potato salad.  This was very good.  They had a mixture of sweet potato and regular potatoes (?) and it had just enough mayo-mixture where it tasted like a potato salad with mayo and not the other way around.  It's definitely unique to mama woo's (or at least I think it is cuz i haven't tried a potato salad like this anywhere else) and I'm so glad I got to try it. *My entree:  This was the first time I've tried Saba.  I didn't know what to expect and I wasn't sure if was going to rock my world or make me want to throw it away.  I dug in and a choir of angels started singing in my head.  It was broiled just right, the fish was cooked perfect.  Not over cooked or too fishy for me.  There were a few bones so it's definitely a fish you wanna take time eating or you'll swallow a bone or two.  Comes with a lemon and dipping sauce too.Overall: I love love loved my experience here.  It will definitely be a regular place for me to stop by when I'm having my Korean food cravings.  Their menu is pretty extensive and they also do catering.  They are open 7 days a week!!!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,8/23/2011,72,79,7,12,10>So the saga continues where Lori I. and Tze M. left off.  My wife calls me yesterday and says (just like Lori I. ) "my car started to feel like it was floating"... and that she went out to look at the tires and that they were bald!  so I remembered Lori I. review and that I had bookmarked the shop.  I called up and spoke to John..  he asked me some simple questions.... what year is my car, is it 4 wheel  or 2 wheel drive... does it have tire pressure sensors on the tires..blah blah blah.... If I had the car in front of me then I could also just have rattled off the numbers on the tire but my wife was somewhere on Oahu "float driving" and so John told me that he has the tires in the warehouse but he was totally booked on saturday.... and that he had already squeezed 2 other people in and that monday would work out.... Well then I remembered someone told me about " Trying the look of pure disappointment :{  "   and so maybe it came off in my voice :) and John said he could see if he could squeeze me in at 1:30pm and would call me at 10am the next morning (since i called him right before closing time on friday )  Thanks for the tip Lori : )I did actually call around "just in case " John could not fit me in.  Costco had to special order the tires and they were more expensive and my wife is float driving and its not safe for the other drivers to be on the road with her.  I think my wife would be ok because she is pretty good on  the driving game Tokyo Cop at Dave and Busters...  but my insurance just went up so even if she did hit someone I would wind up paying dearly for it ......  so anyway, Sears had the tires and they were a little cheaper but guess what!  I went to Sears just this past May for tires for  my car and it took them 3 hours and that left me walking around the mall doing impulse shopping and so now the cost of the tires just went  way up.  So I was just hoping  John would come through.....  Well like clockwork he calls me up at 10am on Saturday morning and says he has the tires and can squeeze me in and life is good and my wife will be happy and I will be a hero :)   He said if I come in at 1:30 he will take 1/2 hour and be done by 2 .... WTF!  r u kidding me.... no 3 hour wait like Sears : )     This place is right past the New Hope Sand Island location and up a ramp to rooftop parking and there is Mod Industries.... pretty easy to find.  I told him that I saw them on Yelp and he said yeah there is this girl Lori that did a write up on them that they thought it was pretty cool and she must be a journalist......and I am thinking or maybe just another happy customer!!   : )   Thanks John.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,8/22/2011,152,116,22,20,15>Add me to the LONG LIST of folks who absolutely LOVE this place. As you already know, you come to Ah Lang as much to see the "Angry Korean Lady" as you do for the EXCELLENT, very authentic Korean cuisine she feeds you. Much to my enchantment, "AKL" is the very first and only owner/chef of a restaurant who EVER personally came to the table and HAND-FED me a bite of their cooking; this being the first dish out, the Steamed Mandoo. She HAND-FED ME! How's that?! I swear, for that one tender moment, I felt like her own child in a very endearing way. Get Won on a "tangent" about a subject she's passionate about and the "experience" gets even more entertaining.  She truly is PRICELESS and really a sweetheart (and quite attractive woman) under that thick Korean skin. I give the "Angry Korean Lady" TEN STARS! On our visit we tried:Steamed Mandoo - 4 StarsFairly standard fare, while being on the larger side and steamed to moist 'n al dente perfection. It's filled with the typical medley of ground pork, veggies and rice noodles. The Mandoo dipping sauce tasted like the usual Korean style combination of shoyu, sugar, vinegar, sesame, chili paste and green onions, helping to punch out the subtle flavor of the pork 'n veggie mandoo filling.Chive Jun - 5 starsWhile it may sound and look "Chivy", where you think it's going to taste like "Onion-flavored grass", upon tasting it, it really tastes essentially "vegetable-ee" in a "green" sorta' way. It's similar to a Quiche, sans the dough crust, while having just enough egg to bind the chives, which also forms a very thin egg batter "crust" of its own on the top and bottom surface area, like every typical Jun dish should have. There's also a noticeable flavor accent, as perhaps Won adds Shoyu, Vinegar, Sugar and/or other spices into the egg binder for added dimension.Meat Jun - 5 starsIn my opinion, THE BEST Meat Jun on the island, period. So tender and tasty, you don't even need the dipping sauce, and "AKL" encourages you NOT to use the sauce when you first try it. I agree, NO NEED SAUCE. The egg and flour batter is thin, as are the cuts of beef, with a good balance of the two. Again, THIS is Oahu's BEST MEAT JUN. Fried Specialty Wings - 5 StarsThese are kinda' like the Korean version of Japanese style Karaage Chicken, yet with all "kinda' stuffs" going on in its flavor profile. The batter was nice 'n crispy, while being post-soaked with what tasted almost like the same sauce used for dipping the Mandoo, with perhaps a lot more garlic and chili paste added into it. If you're a "Wings" fan,  you MUST try "AKL's Fried Specialty Wings. Barbecue Chicken - 5 StarsThis is served on a piping-hot SIZZLING platter. It tastes a lot like Japanese Yakitori, sans the skewers. With that, like the Specialty Wings, the sliced, bite-size grilled Korean style BBQ chicken strips here were juicy 'n tender, with pronounced "kogi" seared edges sealing the BBQ deal. As good as chicken gets as far as I'm concerned. Banchan (complimentary Korean side dishes) brought to our table on this visit included:Kim Chee - 3 starsBean Sprouts - 4 starsFried and Marinaded Fish Cake - 5 StarsGobo - 5 StarsMarinaded Choy Sum - 4 starsGochujang-smothered Cucumbers - 2 starsSmashed Tofu and Watercress - 4 starsOh, and yes, you will be given Korean Stainless Steel chopsticks (and matching long-handled stainless steel spoon if you order soup) when dining here. LOVE THAT. Our bill for the 5 entrees (plus all those complimentary Banchan) came out to just $65, which absolutely STUFFED the five of us in our party, making Ah Lang an excellent value here when you consider the personal service, attention to detail, generous portions of EXCELLENT authentic Korean dishes, and of course the offbeat "entertainment" by the Angry Korean Lady! FYI...AH-LANG KOREAN RESTAURANTHOUSE RULES"I'm already angry. Don't make me more angry." ~ Angry Korean Lady1. Write down your order and bring it to me in the kitchen. If you don't write down your order, I won't bring you your food. First order in, first served.2. Food first, then water -- unless you serve yourself.3. No outside food or soda allowed.4. You break it, you bought it -- please be careful with the glass table covers. (Big glass = $200/small glass = $100)5. If you BYOB, bring me some too, or there's a corkage fee.a.) Don't bring me Coors Light -- it gives me a headache.b.) Don't give me Yellowtail -- it gives me a stomachache.6. If you BYOB, bring your own cups and supplies. DO NOT use mine.7. The kitchen closes 15 minutes before closing. I'll let you know when I'm closing.8. Don't attach hooks/anything to the table -- don't break the glass.9. For dishes indicated as spicy, choose your own spice level between 0-8, and write on your order as: "Spicy #_____". Tip! It doesn't state it, but Won verbally confirmed to me that her favorite beer is Michelob Ultra.  Validated parking (in the building's garage) is free w/ purchase of $
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,8/21/2011,212,76,14,19,15>I'm a little late on this epic review, but who can blame me... the kanak attack I had following my glorious meal at the soft opening of Ichiriki was too great for me to accomplish anything! Not saying that the food will make you lethargic and slothful, but it's a hearty meal that is sure to leave you distracted as you ponder the delightful tastes of the wonderland of nabe known only as Ichiriki.Now if you're looking for a review that talks about each nabe, appetizer, dessert, beer, sake, etc. etc. etc... well then redirect your attention here: yelp.com/biz/ichiriki-ho… . The menu at the new location is similar enough to its predecessor that I don't think I would need to add another review on top of the already extensive library (180+) of reviews that will sing every glory known to man about their delicious nabe offerings/menu. So forgive me if this review focuses more on the location and what you can expect from this specific venue, rather than what you can expect in general from the Ichiriki namesake.***If you want to save yourself from my tendency to be long-winded read the last paragraph as it summarizes the highlights of this location!First off, the Pearlridge/Aiea Ichiriki location is located right above the new Teddy's Bigger Burger, across the street from Anna Millers and Bed, Bath, and Beyond. They took up the old spot for Lilikoi's and transformed it into something worth visiting (for you pearl city night owls, you should know what I mean). Located on the Makai (Ocean) side of Westridge Center on the second floor; you will find that parking can be bothersome on a bustling weekend evening. This place is home to many restaurants so understandably parking can be a commodity. My suggestion is to park on the ground floor near Central Pacific Bank and just walk up the flight of stairs. It will save you the headache of looping around the 2nd floor parking lot and playing the parking lot waltz.Second, this location emanates the feeling of the original Honolulu spot, but is done so in a manner that also addresses the limitations of the original Ichiriki. From the very beginning you can feel the spaciousness as you walk in, with a small inside waiting area and open spacing behind the hostess podium -- a huge improvement over the space-restricted feeling of town.  There seems to be two to three times as much seating in this location, with even more of that pit type seating that everyone digs. The large encompassing window at the back of the restaurant is an inviting view of the Pearl Harbor landscape and the ever busy Kaonohi Street; it almost seems to open up the restaurant even further!  Perhaps it was where I was seated at, but the lighting in this new location seems much brighter than the original Ichiriki - some may like it, others may not. I found the Honolulu location to be very romantic because of the dim lighting, though I am the hopeless romantic, so perhaps my views are skewed. Due in part to the location's demographic, I'm sure that the extra lighting is in place to be more family friendly and large party oriented - which is a big bonus to those on the westside since our only choices for Japanese food -- pre-Ichiriki --  that could comfortably seat a full size dine-in family were Kabuki and Gyotaku.Third, the staff seems to pull some of the familiar faces from the original location. I met some of the managers - Masaaki - at the town location but was not surprised that he was at the new location along with another one of the Ichiriki staff regulars - Jason - that I recognized.  They're both easy to talk to gentlemen that had no problem asking for feedback and sharing jokes and laughs over passing conversations. With them at the helm, you can expect that the new staff will be an experienced and friendly crew in no time, just like the Honolulu location!  Lastly, as most people will say "the sequel is never as good as the original. New locations tend to have problems matching their predecessors. And there's always got to be something wrong with a new location and staff!"... But fortunately, none of that applies here. The quality of the ingredients has not gone down (still fresh and crisp!). The broth tastes just as delicious as ever (pirikara and curry broth onegai!!!). The staff is just as determined (if not more) than the original. The location is bigger and more inviting (with more pit seating!). The parking (though congested on weekends) is an improvement over the original. The pricing is the same (if not cheaper! - CHECK OUT THEIR 9:30PM + LATE NIGHT SPEACIALS!). And the whole experience of falling in love with nabe is the same (just now readily available without the arduous drive into town!)
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,8/20/2011,179,128,11,14,10>I always leave this place after 90 minutes of torture feeling like a 40 year old sweaty fat guy with moobs.  So why do I go back?  Words cannot explain what you truly get out of a bikram session until you try it for yourself....This studio is by far the cleanest and nicest one I've gone to.  Sure at first you may be a little turned off by the carpet, and yes...it does get kind of slippery when classes are full.  But surprisingly, the room really doesn't smell as sweaty as you'd think.  They have really clean locker rooms with showers and lockers with lock service.  They even have blow dryers and Q-TIPS!!!  I love Q-Tips!!!Conrad (the owner) recently dropped the prices this year so even more so it's totally worth it to go.  Free parking, cheap mat/towel rentals, reasonable classes, nice staff and good teachers.  So your body may be sore the following day but honestly, my body has never felt better overall (when doing bikram consistently).  I have also heard that you burn up to 1000 calories per class and for a fatass like me...that means I get to stuff my face even more, YES!!!Do yourself a favor and try Bikram yoga at least once.....trust me, you WANT to experience sweating like a 40 year old fat man.  And you'll do it again, and again, and again :)
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,8/19/2011,462,53,6,9,8>So I just got home from this bar and Im still drunk, so excuse me for any spelling and grammar error. ---like that oneTonight was my first night going to Letto and all I can say is $6 MARGARITAS!! Drinks were very reasonable and I had a few or so haha.Its a small setting but very stylish. Might need a little more work but they are definitely getting there. The bartenders are very friendly and worth tipping.Thursday night had no cover...so all the more better right?Gogo dancers were fun and were definitely worth tipping cus they were WERKIN it tonight! Gotta help out the entertainment right?Will definitely go again on a Thursday night.4 Stars for a great beginning! Keep it up Letto!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,8/18/2011,181,73,13,10,10>I love cupcakes like...well, like a fat kid loves cake (Thank you, 50 Cent, for giving us this gem of a simile). So you can understand my current infatuation with Let Them Eat Cupcakes. Upon discovering this dessert haven, I couldn't stop myself from going there twice in one week (I have the willpower of a 4 year old). Moist cake, not overwhelmingly sweet frosting, yummy fillings...Swoon. So many flavors that I would go weekly to try them all if it didn't mean I'd gain a bazillion pounds. & then I wonder why I can't lose the last of my baby weight.My flavor soul mates (what can I say, I love them): Nutella, double chocolate, dobashMy flavor exes (thought we were meant to be, but ended up not being my type): lilikoi, li hing mangoMy flavor crushes (waiting in the wings to steal my heart): carrot, chocolate malt& if the sheer awesomeness of their cupcakes weren't enough, Let Them Eat Cupcakes has a sprinkle bar. Yes, that's right. A self-serve sprinkle bar just waiting for your creative genius to be unleashed. I could cry at how darn cute it is. Street parking can be hard to come by & I don't even try because I'd rather not piss off other drivers with my sorry excuse for parallel parking. So to save myself the embarrassment, I park in the Chinatown municipal parking lot. Come early because they can sell out of popular flavors quite quickly. They have an online daily flavor schedule but the last time I went what they had was different from what was listed. I'd recommend grabbing a copy of their small, pink weekly schedule near the register; it seems to be more up-to-date.Lastly, you gotta love their boxes. They have individual holders inside so that your cupcakes don't go flying on the drive home, resulting in more frosting on the sides of the box than on top of the actual cake. The top is also stamped with a design that's very Obey Propaganda-esque. I do love me some Shepard Fairey.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,8/17/2011,1394,153,9,14,16>PANDAN heaven!! What is this magical pandan you speak of 'O wise one?  I had NO idea what this was before I tasted it!! I had been here a couple of times before, but never had dessert.  The food is very well spiced and seasoned, hence the name of the restaurant!! A very good variety of dishes, the pad thai is good, the soups and curries are very tasty!  Not the best around, but you'll definitely find something you love! And watch out! Even the mild/medium is pretty spicy!Now on to the BEST thing at this restaurant!! Truly a hidden gem! Pandan ice cream! My waiter said this was his favorite thing ever! I had to try it! So when I get this glowing green looking thing, I was pretty confused! Then I took the first bite......and drifted into space!! This was SO good! I had never tasted anything like this before! Every bite was more and intriguing and before you knew it, three scoops of ice cream had somehow disappeared!  So I guess pandan is a type of plant and it's the Asian version of vanilla.  It doesn't taste like vanilla to me!! It's consistency is more similar to gelato, rather than ice cream, it's kind of gritty,and you can tell it's homemade!This is really my FAVORITE ice cream! I got it twice in a week! Try this and see! Save room for dessert!! I just can't describe the flavor!! So go try it yourself!! And get me a scoop too!!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,8/16/2011,110,157,8,7,6>I am not yet a specialist in massages or spa treats, so a reflexology foot massage was a first for me. My grandmother used to practice it, and they had one of those boards with nubs telling you where it hurts means a part of your body has blockage. This is basically all I knew as I stepped into the place. It is a bit hard to locate--use a map--all my restaurants nearby have closed and the area isn't looking too inhabited these days. There is a Kama'aina discount, and a stamp card if you visit enough--you can get a free massage.Service- I was surprised, the guy who took my appointment and sat behind the counter also massaged my feet. You do get a cup of delicious tea--I think it was Green Tea with Ume (Plum), but I could be wrong. You rest your feet in hot tea for a little while, before the massage starts. He actually knew I had a sore back just by massaging my feet--amazing! I had to pick between a back massage and a reflexology, but I was more interested in seeing if other parts of my body were out-of-balance. He seemed to know the trouble spots, as he massaged them the most--and they definitely hurt the most. I found myself looking at their Foot Guide often to see what the problems were. For the most part, I was pleased with myself, no heavy drinking, no late-night partying, my feet seemed to take the massage with relaxation, other than my sore back. They definitely pamper your feet, wrapping it in towels to keep it warm. The calve massage was also relaxing, even though I wanted to laugh because of the sounds it made.Ambiance- I got some design ideas, which they implemented with success. Although you share a room with other people, there isn't a lot of talking--other than the sound of the calve massage. They also have ambient music which is just right for the setting. It's not well lit, and easy for you to get relaxed while sitting in the huge comfy chairs. Conclusion- As I said, the place isn't easy to find, one of the places holding on as the area around it tries to revitalize itself. The massage was good, but as I'm no expert, I can only say what I know. They will tell you to drink a lot of water afterward, which helps to keep the blood flow going--as I said, blockages aren't good. As with every massage, my one great fear is farting because I feel so relaxed--I didn't, so I consider that a success within itself! So if you're interested in seeing how reflexology feels, or you're always on your feet walking around, try this place and see how you feel.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,8/15/2011,588,341,17,22,19>I practically stalked this new location waiting and waiting for them to finally open, I'd visit their cart on the UH campus, their stands at the farmers market asking, when will it finally open?  Well, i'm happy to report it's open y'all!  Why was I so freakishly excited about them? #1 - QUANTITY!!  I always thought vegetarians eat less thus my initial distaste for eating at places touted to cater toward these people.  Regarding Da Spot (this location by the way is meat-a-tarian friendly ... rawwwr!)  The plates are HUMONGOUS, GIGANTIC, SO BIG even I can't finish!! yelp.com/biz_photos/Fwy4…This is not to say I didn't try my best because the food is delicious.  My combo plate (2 choices for $10 - a one entree plate is $8) came with a choice of brown or yellow rice and a salad. Next you choose your entree-items cafeteria style.  The friendly guy at the counter will explain each dish to you including all of the spices and flavors as the choices aren't what you'd find on the normal plate lunch curcuit.  When creating the business on yelp I had a hard time categorizing the food, so i'd call it "global".I'd say the complimentary salad was greek - it had an olive oil vinaigrette with feta cheese over big chunks of tomato, fruit, bell peppers and onions, a refreshing side with the Egyptian chicken curry I chose and another Morroccan (?) spiced chicken dressed with an almond and cranberry topping.To say the food was "good" is a gross understatement. It was EPIC! They also have an extensive smoothie menu:yelp.com/biz_photos/Fwy4…Over lunch we were lucky to sample a couple of them - trust me and go with the Coco Butta (Peanut butter, haupia sorbet and soymilk) you may die of happiness on the spot ... or just pass out of a kanak attack right there on Da Spot !
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2010,8/14/2011,295,401,20,28,28>As TLC says it's "Crazy Sexy Cool". I've been here a dozen times this year and it never disappoints. From the drinks to the awesome pizza, I'm always satisfied with the service and the company.Crazy because of the crowd it draws. Sexy because of the bartenders (Gretchen girl I've got your back! Eddie you got a heavy pour!) and cool because it's the place to be seen. They have tons of "Skyy" vodka specials.When it comes to the pizza, hands down, Sweet Bangkok $12 is where you'll find chinese sausage and sweet chili sauce and other goodies on a thin crust with other complimentary toppings. This brings me down to my knees because it's so darn good. Close second: French Kiss (brie, pesto and ham). Happy hour? Yes, only discount on the martinits. But who cares when the pizzas are so delicious. 150 beers available-there's gotta be one to satisfy your needs.Yeah, yeah, the parking sucks because it's in downtown, let alone on Hotel Street but it's so worth the pizza. The vibe is super chill in the backyard where they have an outside chillaxing spot with bamboo in the background. Not bad when you're chillin' for pizza, cocktails and some smooth company.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,8/13/2011,512,228,7,10,10>I visited once again because I had to experience their "Specialty Ramen" which was the Oxtail Ramen.The Good:*The Shio broth was light, but extremely delicious*Added a whole bunch of vegetables, the crunchy ones were yummy!*The gyoza here is always a treat, always fresh and crunchyThe Bad:*The Oxtail Ramen was quite pricey ~ $15.90 with a side of 3 gyozas*The oxtail meat did not "fall off the bone"... so I had to really work my way to get the meat off to the point where I had my FACE in my bowl. Not a nice sight if yaknow what I mean...*The oxtail meat wasn't flavorful, it probably wasn't boiled in the broth...*The service sucked when I went this time.The Weird: *I was sad with oxtail ramen... but other than that, the ramen here is delicious! So... that's why this place STILL deserves my love. And good rating :)
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,8/12/2011,328,504,7,12,10>We had numerous family outings when I was in high school and college to the north shore for lunch at Kua 'Aina with dessert followed at either Matsumoto's or the Dole Plantation.  I have not been to this location in many, many years, and I'm happy to say that I think it was definitely worth the drive and my time to come out to Haleiwa town today.B is for the delicious mouth-watering burgers.U  is for the unbelievably good french fries.  Don't forget to order these!R  is for the relocating to a bigger and roomier space/location.G  is for the gigantic menu display and menu items offered.  There     is sure to be something to satisfy your hunger!E  is for the excellent customer service.R  is for the reliable staff for keeping everything clean and tidy as best     as possible.TIPS: 1)  Cash Only!!!2)  Indoor and Outdoor seating available.3)  Ample supply of napkins and condiments at tables.Bottom Line:  I'll be back!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,8/11/2011,45,66,10,10,9>Meat 2: Electric BoogalooIf you've read my dissertation on CAMMELIA BUFFET you might have gleaned that I have an affinity for meat and meat by products.  Steak is great, Burgers are my brother, and Ribs are the Dibs! (I don't know what that means, but it rhymes)  Well, welcome to my RIBS heaven!Tell me where I can get some good barbeque ribs, because I've tried ribs in other places and was so disappointed (Chili's, Tony Roma's).  Dixie Grill, though, I absolutely love their ribs.  I keep coming back to that sweet, greasy, classily trashy shack on Kamehameha Hwy to play... THE BACHELOR!Possibly my favorite thing about DIXIE is their big wooden tool box full of six, single, sexy barbecue sauces from across the U.S.A.  Because I'm a manly man (ha ha) I order a FULL RACK of RIBS and engage in a delicate dance with each sauce.  There's that old friend, Hawaiian with her fruity fragrant embrace; and Savannah, oh so different with her mustardy complexion; and Carolina, so tangy and smooth, she just slips right off the meat.  While each brought a lovely taste to the table, I had to say goodbye to them after the first round of eliminations.  Then there were three, and I yee-hawed my way with Southwest Texas once again...with her spicy chili tongue.  But alas, I had two others I loved more.  Final Round...I danced once again with the two finalists.  One was hot and thick, clinging to the bone, biting back hard when I bit into the meat.  The other was so sweet, smooth, a perfect blend of innocence and attitude.  In the end...I said goodbye to Kansas City--Memphis, my sweet lady, I thee wed you to my final RIB!  So after dousing my full rack of RIBS with six flavors of sexy, and cleaning off every single bone (like a man!), I came to the conclusion that it's been ludicrous of me to have not gone back to Dixie Grill in so long.  These are the RIBS of my DREAMS.  Oh yeah, the rack came with two sides of my choosing:  sweet & spicy baked beans!!! and some kind of yummy called "cornbread casserole".  Everything was delicious.Two Big Barbecue Sauce Covered Thumbs Up!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,8/10/2011,82,144,12,9,10>My mother says I have an unusual obsession with eyebrows. I disagree, but I will say I'm terribly jealous of women who just walk around with beautiful brows. My poor daughter was born with her father's bushy "Mumfur" brows that border on a unibrow. With prom just around the corner she asked me to fix it for her.  I had a better idea...Lena's reputation preceeds her so I could think of no one else to deal with the brow mess then her. A day after I first spoke to her, we were in her station and the magic began. Lena stood over my daughter and like an artist painting on a canvas, she waxed and tweezed and reassessed in between.  A little more here, a little more there, some brushing and some snipping and VOILA! Ze artiste iss done! My daughter, who is usually unimpressed with everything, says to me, "I look like a girl!"  Lena made subtle arches where there was no trace of them before...and best of all, she actually has two separate and distinct eyebrows! Just how God had intended...I hope. I am sure this is not something I could have done on my own. Lena is the expert and once again, I am jealous. My brows are permanently fixed on my face and though I'm content with them, I wonder what magic she would have created on me if I had gone to see Lena first.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,8/9/2011,149,107,10,9,13>Can you hear the drums? Tan tan tan tan tan tan..............That is what I hear when I arrive at Goma Tei as I hear a private chant in my head. Tan Tan Mein, Tan Tan Mein.  I don't even need a menu.... just bring me a Tan Tan Mein!I have no idea why it is so good.  Could it be the melt in your mouth chashu?  My BFF Mich always takes the time to pick off the fat from the chashu. I don't have the patience to follow has as I savor the chashu dissolving in my mouth.  Could it be the slightly spicy, very sesame broth that always makes me cough at least once?  I just can't stop drinking that soup.  Could it be the perfectly firm noodles that is nicely coated with the Tan Tan broth?  Whatever it is, I love Goma Tei for their Tan Tan Mein.  There are other dishes there.  The Karaage is crispy and delicious when hot. The gyoza is a perfect complement to the Tan Tan mein.The service there is fast and efficient, as ramen places should be.  It is clean tons of parking at Ala Moana.   I love Goma Tei!
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,8/8/2011,478,366,7,13,7>*Update*I just found out that Reid has his OWN listing on Yelp! His location is the same office as Total Physical Fitness Therapy (Russell Yamada) if you are seeking a Medical and Sports Massage Therapist.In addition, let me slide this in...imagine if you have to see a Physical Sports Therapist, Chiropractor, and then required or seeking a Sports Massage Therapy after a grueling therapy workout or realignment? Then, look no further because Reid works out of an office that will provide these three services :) Nevertheless, scroll down and read his business information at the bottom. It is very informative plus you can also check out other reviews on his services under the business, "Quick Massage"***Update on Services***This past Friday, I had a follow-up appointment with Reid, I brought along my honey for the ride and we found the Liliha location easily.While I went around the building from the parking lot as my honey decided to remain in the car and tweet happily, I walked into the office. First and foremost, let me be straight up again especially because some individuals that read this review may be looking for BEAUTY treatment. This is NOT a beauty spa with their pricey packages. This review is about Medical or Sports Massage Therapy. I am not looking for ambiance, scented candles, nature music. I am looking for someone who will target my troubled areas and minimize my pain / discomfort. And Reid targeted everything that was troubling me.Location: Easy to find with the Liliha and Ala Moana locationAmbiance: Sports Therapy Clinic! It kind of inspired me to take on a healthier approach to life (physically because I need it!) especially with the weights and machines. Overall ambiance is quiet with hawaiian music playing quietly in the background.Price: REASONABLE, REASONABLE, REASONABLE!!!Payment Type: Cash, Debit, or Credit. He is similiar to Apple! He has his own trusty swiping machine!Scheduling an Appointment: You can either call or text Reid, which is very convenient for me.Above all, his recommendations are sincere on the frequency of visits and care of my shoulder. In addition, his suggestions for follow-up are in consideration to your requests and how you are feeling.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,8/7/2011,125,88,21,10,9>Ono to go, dis place is WINNAHS!  When you walk up to the parking lot, you can already smell the smoke from the keawe wood grill.  Normal plates for normal humans are like $7 and they get bowls for $5 - no mo tax!One big fat dude like me went for da $11 grill sampler.  Had grilled meat, kalbi, and chicken plus brown rice & toss salad (fo make um healthy).Like I said earlier, WINNAHS!  Da meats were smokey and flavorful and the price was right on for what you get.  One fat guy like me, I needs lots of food to fill me up.  Dis was right on.  So ono dat it brings out the Pidgin in me!  CHEEHOO!English Translation: Ono to go is a great place to dine.  The smell from the grill is quite lovely.  Regular plates $7, bowls are $5 and they don't charge tax.Because I am a large person, I had the grilled sampler ($11).  It came w/ grilled meat, Korean style short ribs, and chicken w/ brown rice & tossed salad (which I opted for to keep it healthier).This place is great!  The meats had a smokey flavor and was appropriately priced.  I eat a lot of food for my meals, and this was the perfect amount.  The meal was so delicious that it makes me want to speak in the Pidgin English dialect!  Hooray!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,8/6/2011,2265,40,22,14,15>X = Me, Chad, AA, Yelper in love with the sound of his own voice.O = You, nameless, faceless Yelpie, invisible person I'm writing to._|_|__|_|_X|  |Sometimes even the best restaurants with the best crew that have been here awhile can get caught in the rat race and dip into a slump from which they never full recover.... It's hard to keep that "edge" to a place that keeps it interesting and spicy cool._|_|__|O|_X|  |Or ever get excited about trying a popular place with a lot of hype only to show up to hype? What did they care about some stranger who had turned up to eat out of the blue? Especially since all of them had urgent business to attend to, some playing with smart phones, some turning on their facial screen savers and having staring contests with her imaginary friends in the ceiling and one who had decided to practice fitting his thumb up his ass._|_|X_|O|_X|  |That's why I love the Pop-Up Restaurant concept! What's a Pop-Up you say? O|_|X_|O|_X|  |Pop-Ups(or AKA Supper Clubs) are temp restaurants that literally "PopUp" at a certain location for a short while, and then move on to another location gathering a following, OR like this one, pops up at one location once a week, this one on Thursdays. The lower financial commitment allows for more expression of creativity and lets younger and/or less experienced entrepreneurs an opportunity without the need of a lot of capital for a permanent location.O|_|X_|O|_X|   |XEthiopian cuisine in eaten with your hands. That's right boys and girls, no utensils. You break off piece of ingrea and make wraps with the different foods and combine to your liking. Although I did get a spoon, but that was to scoop the lamb that was kept warm on a hot mini stove with a single piece of charcoal in it(nice touch). All meals come with "Ingera", it's their main starch, kind of like Indian cuisine with naan but totally different taste and texture, they are only similar in that they are used to compliment the dishes they are served with. The menu is three-course prix fixe for $25 and you can choose from a number of main dishes. I got the lamb, it's was phenomenal, (like spiritual orgasm bossanova phenomenal where 40 years from now you'll be on your rocking chair and thinking back to that lamb, chewing on your gums and tasting it going, "MMMMHHHHHHMMMM.... BITCH!") and went so well together with the ingera and mix of vegetables that came with it. Some girl sitting across from me got the Beef Wot, it's an Ethiopian version of Beef stew that was a spicy torrent of flavor as I sat savoring the moment constellations exploded behind my eyes. Shaking my head, some of the stars went out, "Hot Damn!" and at that moment some dude came offering to refill my water, I wanted to hug the waterwaiter, he lacked that minimum-wage-aint-enough-to-put-up-with-this-shit vibe and I liked him instantly. Thankfully for both of us, the feeling passed. Dessert was a small and simple type of green tea cake that was sweet and delicious if a little incomplete, I felt a little more could have been added to a $25 three course dessert.O|_|X_|O|_X|O|XThe only problem is yeah, only opens on Thursday nights. Ouch! Double trap... But this place should be up there on priority bucket lists of things to do before you lose all your teeth and tell mad food coma stories from a rocking chair to grandchildren who could care less. So if you are a gym rat, and usually found in a TurboKick class on a Thursday night, don't fret, just haul ass out of there quick, never mind wiping up your gym slug sweat trail and check this place out. And even if you're teaching a damn class and have to wipe up gym slug sweat trails(pity the fool) and can't eat gluten, if you email them ahead of time to let them know, even you can have Ethiopian food party in your mouth gluten-free as the chick sitting across from me did.O|_|X_|O|XX|O|XGo to this restaurant, no really GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,8/5/2011,347,265,6,15,10>Cherry on Top is the perfect words to describe this place! I absolutely love this place, by far my favorite yogurt place! My boyfriend and I decided to get some dessert after eating dinner and this place has great hours! They close at 11pm during the weekends and weekdays at 10pm, can you believe there is actually a store that is open past 9pm on the west side! Yeah you deserve 10 stars for that! The yogurts are so unique and creamy, I usually get the red velvet cupcake and vanilla bean yogurt, I'm always lucky that they have those two flavors. And I pour my cup with fruits galore! They have every fruit possible to finish your yogurt, strawberries, blueberries, mandarian oranges, cherries, kiwis, bananas (which is closed in container to prevent it from blackening), mangoes (my fav) and ripe ones too! And far much more I just couldn't remember what else they had. They are also stocked with tons of other toppings, it beats all the other yogurt places I think and honestly that all that matters! Anyone can have toppings for a sundae but nothing completes it better than the syrups! They have condensed milk, ghirardelli chocolate syrups, marshmallow, and etc.Employees are always friendly and greet you when you enter and ask if you need any help, which is refreshing and very inviting.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,8/4/2011,442,466,30,27,26>This might be the only place you can pull me out of my pajamas after 9pm to meet you at.  You see, I am too old to go to bars and clubs, and I have 2 little children that I run after all day long, so I can't keep my eyes open much past 10pm.  I'd rather get some shut-eye than go out BUT...Last night I didn't even bother to get out of my pajamas. I just threw on a jacket over my pajamas, forgetting that there are other people that actually go out after 9pm. I've been here 4 times now, and last night was my first FROST-ORGY!  I thought I was going down just to have a haupia frost. Instead I ended up eating my way through 10 (that's right, TEN!) flavors.  There are 21 flavors listed on the chalkboard, so we were able to conquer half of them in one sitting, if you can even imagine that.GUYS:  If you're looking for something RICH, DECADENT, and SINFUL, don't call me, eat the PEANUT frost. They should call it "PEANUT BUTTER frost".   I've tried almost all of the flavors and this one probably has the most calories, comes with peanut butter infused into the ice, and it's drizzled with some kind of syrup. The flavor is apparent immediately after putting the cold frost on your tongue. Think a nice cold Butterfinger. All the rest of the fruity flavors might disappoint if you want something rich.GIRLS: If you're like me and have to watch your girlish figure, all of the fruity flavors are light and delicate and have to be eaten properly to fully appreciate the entire experience. The fruity frosts are made by pulverizing real fresh fruit, milk and other secret family ingredients into a block of ice.  This is why in the BLUEBERRY (my least favorite) frost you can still see and taste the little seeds and in the PEAR frost you can taste those little gritty things from the pear.  No fake fruit syrups used here!  Speaking of the PEAR frost...there is a proper way to eat this one. You must grab from the top of the heap, put it on your tongue and let it sit for a few seconds before your taste buds wake up to this delicate flavor.  If you just shove it in your mouth and swallow it, you'll miss the whole flavor and think it just tasted like ice.They also sell tea eggs (hard boiled eggs soaked in oolong tea). Do not eat these if it's late at night b/c the caffeine will keep you up:yelp.com/biz_photos/mbHc…yelp.com/biz_photos/mbHc…I can't remember all the different flavors we tried last night, so I am anxiously awaiting Kyle H.'s updated review with pictures. And to the yelp guys that were there last night, I don't always go out in my PJs.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,8/3/2011,208,45,8,8,8>Had some friends in town this week, so we decided to check out first fridays. First stop of the night was 39hotel. I've been here one other time, and I vaguely remember as all of us were pretty faded that night haha. We rolled up at around 10. Line was relatively short. There was a $5 cover charge. I don't think i paid cover last time though? Oh well. Pretty cheap. Walk up the staircase, to find a metric ton of people. This place was packed!! They were playing 80's music which is awesome to dance to when you're drunk! And a lot of dancing is what we did! Although it's a bit difficult to dance salsa to 80's :) Walked around to the outdoor patio area. Too much people, but I really like the way everything was set up. This place might be a lot more enjoyable when it's not so crowded. TONS of girls! and some guys too if you're interested in those. I'll stick to the girls thank you very much.Bartenders were on it like a fat kid on cake. I was seriously impressed. Drinks were reasonably priced and strong. I can't seem to remember how much exactly, as we hopped around to a bunch of places that night, but I remember that this place was one of the cheaper ones. Overall, this place rocks. Awesome drinks, awesome people, awesome music, awesome time!!!
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,8/1/2011,419,552,7,20,14>Review #300!Privileged to have had the recent opportunity to partake in a guided tour of some prominent pieces at HiSAM.  Free:  One of the best deals in town!Facts I was not aware of:1)  Building was originally called the Royal Hotel, opening in 1872.2)  Was converted to a YMCA in 1917.3)  Became a military housing installation during WW1.4)  In 1967, Hawaii became the first state in the nation to implement a Percent for Art law. The Art in State Buildings Law established the Art in Public Places Program and designated one percent of the construction costs of new public schools and state buildings for the acquisition of works of art, either by commission or by purchase.Quite a stunning building positioned glamorously near 'Iolani Palace and the HI State Capital.  Peaceful feeling in the heart of the business district.  Interior ceiling reminiscent of those in the Royal Hawaiian Hotel.  These pieces showcase the array of Hawaiian art by many artists still living and thriving today.  The highlight of the day was seeing Herb Kawainui Kane's dramatic, "The Discovery of Hawai'i".  Stunning examples of his use of vertical movement and light/dark color play.  Also memorable was Madge Tennent's "Two Sisters of Old Hawai'i", showcasing impressionistic influences similar to van Gogh's "Starry Night".A quite extensive look at the diverse influences Hawai'i and its people has (and is still having) on artists or those keen enough to express their sometimes divine inspirations.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,7/31/2011,185,168,7,16,7>She is absolutely amazing!!!  I don't write reviews unless it has to do with food, but for her, I'll make an exception!!First off,  I think she has the greatest bang for the buck.  Where else are you going to find an hour and a half facial for less than $100??!!.  I knew walking in the building the outside seemed a little older (it's on that side street by the new Pana Express on King St.  It's the building with a Longs Pharmacy on the bottom), but as soon as you walked into her office you were instantly relaxed and calm by the aura of the place.  I immediately got changed and she went to work!I got the Royal Rose Hydrating Facial for $71.  It's the regular facial ($65 for 90 min!!) plus a therapeutic massage of the face, shoulders, and neck, and a hydrating enzyme rich mask.  She's so careful to make sure she doesn't disturb you by making too much noise, she's so informative about everything she's doing, and that hydrating mask is amazing!  It's supposed to plump your skin up and awaken the cells in your face... and boy did my face feel rejuvinated afterwards.  The massage was amazing too!  At the end she gives you a cup of tea and a wafer and she sits and talks with you about how everything went.  She recommends having a facial at least once a month, but if  your finances don't allow that at least once every three months.  She's a firm believer in having facials done than waiting your whole life and then using botox or having plastic surgery.  And of course that makes sense!I will be back FOR SURE, without a doubt, 100%.  She's spa-tastic!p.s. she only takes cash or check.  If you bring cash she doesn't charge you tax.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,7/30/2011,416,84,17,21,16>I've found the new love of my life. He's dark, rich, a little hard on the outside but really warm and gooey on the inside. He's pretty much perfect, but there's one problem. It would probably be inappropriate for me to maintain a relationship with a dessert. His name is chocolate soufflé. I had the privilege of dining at Roy's with a friend of mine that described the restaurant as being in his favorite 5. Taking into consideration that he eats out a lot and is like a food guru to me, I did not take our visit to Roy's lightly. Luckily, our trip there fell during Restaurant week and there was a special on the menu - sampler appetizer dish, choice of one (of three) main entree, and the chocolate soufflé for only $40. What a deal! Upon arrival, there was live music outside and we were greeted by a gracious hostess. The wait wasn't long and I used the opportunity to take in the entryway and bar area. Nice decor, not overdone and frivolous like some pricier restaurants. We soon made our way upstairs to be seated. I like restaurants with open kitchens and Roy's has a nice big one. This, however, did contribute to the noise in the room and I can't say that my teeny girly voice carried well over the dinner table. We put in our order (we both got the Braised short rib of beef with demi glace as the entree) and snacked on the edamame the waitress brought over. I LOVE edamame. I can eat it plain, salty, sweet, dried, whatever. So I was happy that was the replacement for bread, which I always have a bad habit of eating too much of before my meal arrives. Our wine arrived and while I enjoyed mine, Brandon liked his so much he asked for the menu again to jot down its name. The appetizers came and not only was the plating visually pleasing, it was taste bud pleasing. Included was a mini crab cake with spicy sesame beurre blanc, szechuan spiced baby back pork rib, chicken spring roll with Roy's Hawaiian fusion style sauce, and blackened ahi with soy mustard butter sauce. Everything tasted...well, awesome! The sauces were sooo good and the pork rib was charred perfectly. We both really loved the blackened ahi, which, by my standards says a lot as I do not like seafood. At all. Yes, it really was that good. Our main entree arrived promptly after our plates were cleared and boy, let me tell you, for a moderately priced special they were certainly generous with the portions on the main entree. We accordingly took photos of our feast then dug in. YUM! The braised short rib was so tender it literally fell apart as soon as I cut into it. Plated alongside the short rib was scalloped potato and I think it was just about the best potato I've ever had in my life. No joke, it was creamy buttery deliciousness. The demi glace really pulled the dish together. It was super tasty and resembled a reduction. Taking Brandon's advice, I stopped midway through my dish, and decided to save room for dessert. Good thing, otherwise I would have wanted to kick myself. The chocolate soufflé really is as fabulous as everyone says it is. It's toasty on the outside and gooey on the inside. It's great hot and paired with vanilla ice cream, I really could have died right then and I would have been a happy camper. Melty chocolate bliss! At that point I was so full, but could hardly stop myself. Alas, my fullness got the best of me and the stuffing of the face came to an end. Overall, it's not just the stellar food that makes this place great. The servers and staff are all really friendly and on our way out just about everyone thanked us. Parking is plentiful and it's nice that the restaurant is right across from the beach (I've been told the view of the sunset is gorgeous here.) I'm undecided if Roy's is going to be in my favorite 5 restaurants, but it's definitely a contender. I'm planning on going back just to see my beloved chocolate soufflé.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,7/29/2011,101,91,10,10,10>"It's all in the kimchi..." as my non-Korean friends and acquaintances would whisper to me as if trying to decode the impatient, short-tempered, blunt mannerism exhibited by most (mind you, not all) Koreans. Of course, when your toddler's first Korean words are "bpalli bpalli" or hurry up then I have to agree. Don't expect any welcoming service when you come into the market or any helpful translation to that Ottogi curry packet. The only people who will actually acknowledge you will be the owners themselves when they are in the store that is.Then again, don't just grab the kimchi and go. Stop and sniff around. How is it that Korean stars or "idols" have such beautiful skin? Is it that they're barely 20 years old or does kimchi actually have any beautifying properties in addition to being one of the five leading health foods in the world? Heck, if it prevented the outbreak of SARS in Korea in 2003 then surely, what's a few crow's feet or frownies?Like all good things, everything in moderation, my friend. If you were like me, you will be tempted to sample all the banchan out on display; buy every jar of kimchi in stock, my all-time fave being mustard green kimchi when they are in season; grab a bottle or two of the "Like the First Time" soju with sexy Lee Hyori shaking it; stash packets of seaweed roasted with olive oil to munch on; throw in the kochujang (bright red chili paste) on sale for that late night bibimbap binging along with the ready-to-eat squid to go with your soju.Of course, don't forget the ultimate Korean dessert - not dduk (rice cakes), that's breakfast but seasonal FRUITS! And lots of it! I swear I didn't have my first cookie until I got into US bc all we ate were fruits after every meal. Some tempting options for you: gold kiwis from New Zealand, pink plums, Korean pears, Korean yellow melons, and big fat Korean purple grapes that you gotta peel to eat. No Korean meal at home would be complete without a selection of fresh fruit slices exquisitely peeled by your Mom.Bpalli bpalli, am hungry! See you in line, I'll be the one wearing the smile!!
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,7/28/2011,209,95,11,14,12>If you want legit Thai food served fresh from the kitchen, eat at Sala Thai.  Don't mind the buy-me-drinky girls or the hordes of old creepy men at the bar.  The food is great.BEWARE: if you ask for spicy, Mama-san will make your food SPICY.  So ask for mild or you can say what my co-worker did ("please don't kill me with your spiciness") and your food will come out delicious even without heat.I highly recommend these dishes (get 'em SPICY!):Pad Ki MaoGreen CurryPad ThaiThe Spring Rolls aren't that awesome because the meat inside is a bit too vinegary and the sauce is more sweet than savory.  This is one of the few places that includes PORK as a protein option alongside chicken and beef for your dishes, so that's pretty cool.I've been on the hunt for great Thai food in Oahu for a while and I've finally found it here in this gem right off Nuuanu Ave.  This place isn't for the faint of heart: it's dark and damp inside, but the food will warm you right up and you may just make the acquaintance of a pretty Thai girl ready to make all your dreams come true.$$ - dishes range between 9-15 bucksparking - metered street parking; the back parking lot is reserved for the adjacent apartments and businessesTAKE OUT is a great option if you don't want Mama-san and her girls all over your grill.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,7/27/2011,133,111,13,12,13>Tango is perfect for impressing your out-of-town foodie visitors.  I suggested Tango for dinner to one such visitor (and her fiance) and made a reservation on Friday for Friday night.  Considering the ease in getting a reservation I was surprised to find the restaurant packed when I got there (unfortunately parking was packed too, more on that later).The restaurant is not very big, it maybe seats 40, not including the skinny counter.  Service is of the take-your-time-and-enjoy variety.  We were seated at seven and didn't end up leaving until 9:30.  I liked the relaxed pace and the timing of the food and drinks.Since I don't want to give my unborn son/daughter fetal alcohol poisoning, I ordered an Italian creme soda.  I was a little surprised when the soda came out with a side pitcher of cream.  That was totally unexpected.  Be careful not to add too much or you'll ruin the effervescent sparkle of the soda.Tango has some tempting tasting menus, but once I saw the white wine clams on their appetizer menu my mind was made up.  I ordered the clams and the beet/goat cheese salad.  The waiter was very knowledgeable regarding the menu and even checked if the goat cheese was made with pasteurized milk (damn baby handicapping again).Table bread was nice and chewy with big texture.  I hogcheesed the basket and spread all the roasted garlic that accompanied the clams onto the bread.  My guest asked to dip bread in my broth and I magnanimously (gotta use those SAT words) agreed, even though I didn't want to.  The clams were plump and I didn't find any clamless shells... but I hold all clams in white wine sauce up to the Swiss Inn clam pedestal.  These were better than Panya's but not as good as Swiss Inn.  Too bad people have to get old and retire, no?I received my salad the same time as my friends' entrees.  They seemed to like their food a lot because we didn't share bites like we normally would.  All I remember is one of them had the crabcake napoleon and really liked it.  My salad was good, the beets weren't too mushy and there were generous amounts of cheese.Dessert was a fruit compote crepe and it was what I picture when I think of Scandinavian food, hearty, healthy, stick to your ribs...  The crepe was whole grain or buckwheat and the fruit was tart and juicy.  It was well executed, but I prefer my deserts not to masquerade as health food.All-in-all I [and baby] left full and satisfied.  The only reason it isn't five stars for me is because of the uber healthy dessert and the lack of parking.  The lot behind the driveway was packed so I ended up parking at Pier One.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,7/26/2011,237,127,11,14,12>The Sunday Brunch at Haleiwa Joe's has got to be one of the best kept secrets on the island! Tucked away in the Haiku neighborhood of lush green Kaneohe with the beautiful Ko'olau Mountains in the background, this is a great place to bring any out of town visitors to show them another side of Hawaii besides our world famous beaches.For only $24, the spread of food offered more than surpassed my expectations and is one of the best deals for Sunday Brunch that I have come across recently. The stars of the buffet for me were the freshly tossed Caesar Salad, Belgian waffles, Omelet Station, and last but definitely not least, the PRIME RIB.  As far as I am concerned, the Prime Rib at Haleiwa Joe's is the best that I have had on this island! I love my meat and the prime rib here surpasses any that I have had at any high end hotel in Hawaii.  The bloody goodness of the meat was complimented perfectly by the accompanying au jus sauce.  If you are a carnivore, a visit to Haleiwa Joe's to feast on their prime rib is a must!  If you decide to trek over the Ko'olaus for their Sunday Brunch, my only recommendation would be to come early as Haleiwa Joe's does not take any reservations.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,7/25/2011,40,176,19,13,14>Cheesy Ode to Alicia'sRoses are red,Violet's are blue,Alicia's I went,to try something new.The poke was good,with some salt to the taste,but that being said,not an ounce went to waste.With turkey tails, and ribs,roasted chicken and pork,the whole farm I did eat,with my white plastic fork.I've come many times now,for choke ono grinds,so save me some boiled peanuts,while rare parking I finds.=)
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,7/24/2011,257,112,5,15,8>A PURPOSE: The Wheatgrass Center isn't one those businesses that you stumble into.  It's the kind of place that you go with two specific purposes in mind, which is either to buy wheatgrass or try on a pair of VFF shoes.  Despite the rave reviews, I was a little worried that I'd be immediately outed as someone who didn't know much about either.  Too often, I've walked into specialty stores, and instantly have a feeling that I just don't belong there.  But is isn't like that at all here.  As soon as I walked in, I was greeted with warm smiles and sincere kindness.  VFF: So I was there because I was interested in trying on a pair of VFFs.  I'd been doing a bit of research on finding a good free-run shoe, and the folks here were more than helpful in explaining the different models to me.  I like that they explain the concept of the shoes from their own perspective and experiences wearing Vibrams, but also take into consideration what you want to do in them.  Once you find a good fit, they tell you to walk around the store in them to get a feel of the ground and even have a small gravel surface.  I ended up purchasing the TREKSPORT, a model which will handle activities like walking, road runs and trail runs.  NO PRESSURE: This is one of those places, that most places, should aspire towards in terms of customer service.  Even though they will take their time to explain the shoes, they don't make you feel pressured to buy a pair.  It's a very small shop, and there were several other customers being helped as well but everyone who worked there stopped and said hello to me as some point.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,7/23/2011,272,312,4,13,10>I love breakfast!  What initially brought me here were the chicken and waffles.  After trying Soul's chicken and waffle, a friend recommended Pancakes & Waffles.  P&W's chicken and waffle were $3 cheaper (Soul's is $12) and you get a bigger waffle and 3 huge prices of extremely crispy and juicy chicken (yelp.com/biz_photos/HYcU…).  Now, my next decision was to either get it with country gravy or their honey butter, and in true Yelp fashion, I got both.  The country gravy was just too salty and didn't blend well when you ate it with the waffle.  But damn, the honey butter is money!  Not too sweet, but not too rich, this honey butter is perfect just the way it is.On my second visit, I ordered their waffle eggs benedict (yelp.com/biz_photos/HYcU…).   Instead of english muffins, P&W uses mini waffles.  Simple yet great twist to an already breakfast favorite.The prices here are cheap considering the portions you receive.  I believe I saw a "Mini Breakfast" that comes with pancakes, eggs, rice, and your choice of meat for under $5.The only con is that P&W gets pretty crowded and you may have to wait a while to get a table.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,7/22/2011,106,158,7,12,14>Genuinely nice people, father and son run this little shop located in the Arcade building right in the middle of downtown. Hands down service is comparable to that of a 5 star restaurant if not even better. For those that are unsure of what to get, they will not be annoyed at you for taking long deciding what to order. Have you been to places where they seem annoyed because you don't know what you want.. well here at Its Good & Healthy, they are always smiling, conversational with customers & also greet people that are just walking by. They are patient and they'll also suggest foods for you to try.My friend told me about this old chinese lady that walks around collecting bottles and cans. I witnessed first hand how father and son are both very kind hearted, they give her some empty cans and bottles, they help her sort and lift her HUGE trash bags filled with cans. These small acts of kindness sometimes go unnoticed and I just wanted to point out how genuine they are.My first time here was on Kam day and I was really excited that they were still open. Unfortunately for me I came an hour before they closed so they were out of their regular rice so I had to get their lentil rice. I was unsure of this because I had no idea what that is and never tried it before. With two random customers, both eating by themselves, vouching for the rice, I was sold on trying it.I ordered their gyro plate, it came with 6 slices of lamb, probably mixed with some kind of other meat because lamb is expensive so I don't think its 100% lamb. A pita bread, hummus and salad also came with my order. The food was excellent and very delicious! I will definitely be back to try many of their other entrees and I can't forget about their baklava!!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,7/21/2011,329,156,5,8,8>Home boy is a fan of Home Bar & Grill baby!  Been there twice in consecutive nights...THAT'S HOW GOOD IT IS!The atmosphere of this place is chill.  Great seating, great service (Chandel is one of the best and coolest waitresses that I've had anywhere), and just a comfortable hang out spot for me and my friends.  On top of the chill atmosphere, there is a great variety of drinks and amazingly delicious food dishes.In two nights, I've tried the dynamite chicken, pork chops, toro, seared ahi, fried noodles, tot-chos and pork and onion mix.  You can't go wrong with whatever the f you want to eat there.  It's that good!Overall, Home is a 5 star, no brainer!  I will definitely head back Home soon and I definitely recommend Home to others.  One big plus is they sell happy hour markers...f'n HUGE!  Pro-tip: The bar clock is 15 minutes ahead of time.  The awesome waitresses like Chandel normally remind you about last call, but our waitress on the second night did not and almost refused us last call.  In the end, we got one round and markers at happy hour prices....this place is just awesome!  Go there please.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,7/19/2011,183,197,7,10,10>Finally, the time has come where I do not need to travel outside the means of what makes me a townie!They are located on Beretania, across the street of Casablanca Bridal shop. For all you alchoholics & singers, it's down the block of Anasian & Toma's.They have their own little parking lot.A little frog chime toy greets you as you enter. He is rather startling at first.Their Lemon Butter spread is my all time reason for going there.......along with Lilikoi Cheesecake Daifuku (mochi with sweet filling) *drooling*. I don't even like mochi, but add some cheesecake with it..*drool dripping* Daifukus start at 5.25.They even have sets with 3 different flavors, for all you gotta try 'um all.They have quite the list of flavors from taro to oreo. Their website has a menu: madeinhawaiifoods.com/in… ...Oh the choices to try!Oh PS: There is azuki bean in the peanut butter mochi....I don't like azuki. Wa waaaaa.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,7/18/2011,344,60,32,40,31>I don't quite understand how people could give such low ratings for this place! This place is FULL of "pure ALOHA" and the atmosphere here is carefree. Now before you say anything, let me tell you that the shave ice here isn't like Shimazu, Matsumoto's, or Waiola. It is a shave ice in its very own category! This makes it unique and unlike any other. The smooth and creamy taste of the shave ice topped off with Uncle Clay's dream sauce. *Orgasm* My combo was strawberry topped with dream sauce and my boyfriend got Coffee with dream sauce. BOTH were excellent in my opinion! This totally hit the spot on a hot Hawai'i day.Shave Ice Flavors:StrawberryPineapplePapayaMangoLycheeLilikoiCoconutNorth Shore CoffeeKona CoffeeMilk ChocolateKale-spinLi HingAcaiToppings: Tahitian Vanilla Ice CreamGanolaAzuki beanMochi ballsStrawberry, Mango, Pineapple (Fruit Topping)Chocolate SauceDream Sauce
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,7/17/2011,214,93,6,8,8>Quick tip: Military get 15% off and locals get 10% off -- but you have to ask for it -- and I didn't know this until I visited their website after my experience.Good ... but two hot dogs for $15?  Geesh!  I guess I am just used to buying dogs from the street vendors in LA for a few bucks.  But, I get it.  Prime location in downtown Waikiki -- people are going to pay it.  I give you credit PUKA Dog -- you are very good and I am glad I tried you.  FYI -- puka means hole in Hawaiian.  The "hot dog bun" gets puka-fied -- basically think of a pig in a blanket concept.  The bread is super good though.Side note ... the cash register dude was super friendly -- either that or he was just really high.  He helped us navigate the menu and make the perfect selection.  I had the puka dog with Lilikoi Mustard, sweet maui onion relish on a whole wheat puka bun.Try it ... and don't be afraid to ask for suggestions from the staff -- they are very helpful.Thank you PD!!!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,7/16/2011,263,192,10,13,12>How is it possible that I went to my orthodontist upstairs of Cinnamon's for the three years I had braces, but never even ate here before!?!? Omg easily the most memorable meal of my week long vacation home! Indulged in their red velvet pancakes and crab cakes eggs benedict. Their pancakes are hyped up, but luckily they did not disappoint! It tasted red velvety and was smothered in a yummy cream cheese sauce, no syrup needed! A little pricey though at $8-9 for two. The eggs benedict had a really good hollandaise sauce and the crab cakes were delicious, with no skimping on the crab. You can order half portions if you're feeling conservative. I recommend splitting a whole order with someone and getting the pancakes on the side! Parking kinda sucks here and the ambiance isn't the greatest in the "patio" seating. Food was yummy and the wait wasn't ridiculous. I'm making it a point to go here every time I visit home to make up for all the missed opportunities when I rocked those hideous braces! Pancakes would've definitely made my metal covered teeth feel better, damn!
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,7/15/2011,124,55,7,11,8>The sight of an authentic looking Japanese noodle house, in the middle of a typical mall food court, ALMOST makes up for the fact that it's Saturday & I'm not watching a game on TV (sigh). There is a takeout window here, but a quick glance confirms a lack of open seats, so we decide to dine in.The first thing we notice is the narrow dining area. A sit-down counter and dining tables are separated by a narrow pathway, just wide enough for a person to pass thru. The wooden tables and chairs are noticeably small. The chairs felt a little awkward and sorely became a bit uncomfortable.Our server was polite, but not very personable. Instead of drinks, she asked us what kind of "juice" we would like. What?Our order - Super Combo - Zaru Soba, Shrimp & Veggie Tempura, Chicken Curry Don (choice of Teriyaki Chicken Don or Oyako Don also), Miso Soup, Macaroni Salad and Tsukemono $7.99 for me, and the Teishoku Shrimp & Veggie Tempura $7.89 for the Mrs. Yeah, for an extra dime you get soba, a don bowl & mac salad! After a few short minutes, our food was brought to our table.Zaru Soba - Nicely presented on an authentic "Zaru," as it should be. The Soba is served chilled and garnished with nori. Tossing tsuyu sauce along with the accompanying dab of wasabi & chopped scallions onto the noodles brought this dish to life. The flavors from the sauce, scallions & heat from the wasabi were perfect.Shrimp & Veggie Tempura - This was NO-DOUBT, the star of the entire meal. Light, airy and crispy done to perfection. Tempura shrimp, eggplant & zucchini dipped in tsyu sauce was worth the trip here. I just wish I had one more shrimp though.Chicken Curry Don - Curry was rich & flavorful. Chicken was tender & juicy, but even with curry, it lacked some seasoning. I ate most of the curry, but the portion of rice was a little too much for me to finish.Miso Soup -  Like most places is tasty, smooth & not too salty.Macaroni Salad - Surprisingly tasty, taste kinda like Zippy's (almost).A little cramped, but the food is tasty & well presented, service is quick & prices are decent, a nice option to have in a mall food court. One more thing - there are a few blank walls here that could use a flat screen or two, with the game on, perhaps.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,7/14/2011,233,120,9,15,10>DISCLAIMER: This review is based solely on my experience with waxing at the salon, and not with hair/spa services.The story goes like this: My usual waxer/man-scaper quit her job. Having suffered the loss of another great waxing specialist, I was forced to turn to Yelp Talk for recommendations on who to see for an eyebrow trim. After listening to input from fellow yelpers, I narrowed down my extensive list to a single vendor: Gerry at Paul Brown Salon Ward.My reason for choosing Gerry-I will admit-was somewhat biased. Growing up, my mother spoiled me rotten with bi-monthly haircuts at Paul Brown Salon. It was at that time when I first met Gerry. Feeling nostalgic, I booked an appointment with her and waited anxiously for the day to arrive.The day of the appointment, it was like a reunion, in a way. I've long since committed adultery on PB by going to J Salon instead... but I will always have a connection to PB because of my history with them. After exchanging pleasantries, Gerry sat me in her chair.This is where my experience really got down to business.Gerry started the session with a comprehensive analysis of my brows and facial structure. Within 5 minutes, I had learned a thousand different things about my eyebrows (hard to believe, right?)... What I was doing wrong when I plucked my own eyebrows, what shape best complements my face, etc. I know what you're probably thinking... "They're JUST eyebrows!!" But you're SO wrong! Eyebrows frame the face!!! For example, she told me that when a person removes too much hair from the peak of the arch, it makes the expression in their eyes look dreary. Basically it's the difference between looking like a celebrity and looking like a neanderthal. I prefer celebrity thanks. The appointment went by very quickly. The other thing I like about her service is that Gerry takes the time to do the "extra" stuff. She applies a toner before she starts to wax, and afterward she applies cortisone and a cold compress to the area to reduce redness/inflammation. All of those little things really make a difference!--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------TO SUM UPPrice: $22 + $6 gratuity (I gave her a generous tip because she did such a good job.)Pros: Excellent service, great price/value, free parking available, conveniently located at Ward Center.Cons: Gratuity must be paid in cash (see below)Tip: Bring cash with you to this salon for the gratuity! The salon (for some stupid reason) can't add the tip to the total on your card and they do not give cash back. There's an ATM nearby but it costs money ($2.50 fee) to withdraw from it.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,7/13/2011,1046,338,9,13,12>So this is the well renowned, hours waiting in line at PC, Kuru Kuru Sushi.  This was my first time at any Kuru Kuru.  I can honestly say it was better thank Genki (and way better than Sushi San), but thats not saying much.The service from the lone sushi guy behind the counter to the 5 os 6 waitresses around the counter was great.  With this much people for a small restaurant, you were literally being asked "if everything was ok" every few minutes.  Rather bothersome but not a bad thing. Now the food.  Looking at everyone around me (who must have been KK veterans) everyone seemed to order a bowl (mixed or spicy tuna).  That thing was huge and I guess the right way to go if you want to get full for under $10.  We decided to eat the traditional way.(2) spicy tuna - Very Good and the reason I would come here!(2) crab mayo - very salty(2) ebi tempura sushi - Hated it with skin and head on battered.(1) hamachi - fish huge.  Didnt have that fatty oily melt in your mouth taste.  but for a buck half a piece....cant grumble.(1) corn sushi - surprisingly my favorite of the evening LOL(1) Salmon nigiri- again huge pieces of fish and wife said it was good.(1) Kabocha tempura - wife prayed the kabocha was thinly sliced cuz she hates eating kabocha thats not cooked in the center.  well she got what she wanted as the kabocha was PAPER thin, but was good.(1) coffee jello - was goodTotal $25, which is very reasonable.  Next time I think I will do like everyone else did and order the spicy bowl and couple sides of corn sushi.BTW we got there about 5pm and got seated right away.  Walked out about 545p and there was about 15 people waiting in line.  Now if I had to wait more than 15mins for this place, im outa here.Edit- I changed my rating to four stars (from three stars) because of the taste and value after going to Sushi San tonight, I really appreciate Kuru Kuru.  I guess I will have to fight the lines like everyone else to get my Spicee Tuna fix!  Plus its close to home.  If they only could get those CPK buzzer thingy's.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,7/12/2011,3140,188,26,31,28>( O ) nce you eat here...You'll be HOOKED!( R ) emember, Negihama Tartare is a MUST ORDER!( G ) reat atmosphere and service here( A ) t 1329 S. King St is where they are located( S ) it at the Sushi Counter. Best seats in the house!( M ) ake sure you make reservations or you'll regret it!( I ) never had a bad experience here..NEVER!( C ) reative and innovative menu here( D ) inner only...no lunch service here( I ) am convinced this is the BEST FOOD on the island( N ) eed to unbutton my jeans so i can breathe after eating here( I ) love the sushi and sashimi here. UNBELIEVABLE!!( N ) ice looking eye candy here for you single men( G ) ot to order the Filet Mignon here. Melts in your mouth( E ) xceeds my dining expectations everytime i eat here( X ) XL shirts are what i need after eating here so i dont look pregnant( P ) erfection at it's best with Chef Hideki and Chef Manabu..( E ) at the Oysters over here. Perfect with some Sake( R ) est assured there is nothing that disappoints here( I ) f you are a tourist, this is the place to go if you crave Japanese( E ) at somewhere else if you just order Miso Soup and Teriyaki Chicken( N ) o place comes close when it comes to fresh fish and good sushi( C ) hef Hideki Daimon is the most innovative and creative food guru( E ) xcellent Ribeye Steak. The meat dishes here ROCK!!( A ) nkimo or Monkfish Liver sauteed in a redwine tsunami sauce..WOW!( L ) et Chef Manabu do an Omakase menu for you if you wish..( W) hy can't all Izakaya's be like this...( A ) ten minute drive by taxi for you tourists in Waikiki( Y ) ou will not be disappointed....PROMISE( S ) ee my other food reviews? This is my number one place to eat!!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,7/11/2011,772,600,8,10,10>So far, I've been living life thinking I know what great sushi tastes like...then BAM, I come here and my whole world is turned upside down.  After eating some of the freshest and most delicious tasting sushi here, I don't know if I'll ever be able to eat sushi ever again!  The bar has just be raised enormously!!This is a tiny little fish market & restaurant out by the airport.  It really isn't a looker from the outside as it is hidden down a side street and is located in one of the many many warehouses out in a deserted area.  There is a tiny restaurant staffed by a handful of extremely nice people.  There's about 6 seats on the sushi bar and 3 tables to seat small parties.  Truly, a "hole-in-the-wall" type of place with a welcoming staff.  Reservations are super highly recommended since it's a small place and more popular that I realized!  The menu doesn't consist of much variety, none of your typical japanese teshoku or udon dishes here, just fresh fish for sushi or sashimi.  But man, do they know their fish!!  The must get dish here is the lobster sashimi.  I've never had this anywhere else, but it is pretty much "DA BOMB".  After ordering this, they pull out a fresh, live lobster and asked if that was an OK size for us!!  Pretty cool.  It was so ono, I would come here just for it.  Afterwards they make a super delicious miso soup with remaining lobster meat--best miso soup I've ever had!  We tried many of their fresh fish of the day, all were extremely delicious and great portions.  The best fish of the night was the toro.  It was so great--melted in my mouth and probably THE BEST sushi I've ever had.  It's a pretty big dent in your wallet though, but totally worth it.This place is BYOB which is awesome.  We rolled up with a cooler full of beer and they welcomed it!  We saw the staff drinking with some of the other customers, so we offered some beer to them and they drank with us.  They are freaking awesome here, laid back and I would love to drink with them again!This place pretty much makes me regret giving out 5 stars to some of the sushi restaurants that I previously though were amazing, because this one is truly above the rest!  When you come here, you'll spend a lot, no doubt about it.  But I pretty much guarantee that you'll walk out smiling like I did!!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,7/10/2011,275,329,13,11,11>I was prepared this time. I wore heels. I certainly dressed the part for a seasoned Apartment 3 yuppie who can't get enough of the swanky yet down-to-earth ambiance. Can't say enough positive things about the atmosphere of this place. For a date or a ladies night out, it really can't be beat. But I still cannot hand over that ONE single star. And why? The drinks. The drinks are as weak as Jon Gosselin's parenting skills. As flimsy as Lindsay Lohan's rehab track record. As disappointing as Tiger Wood's marriage. Why bartender? Why must you let me down so? I don't know what happens behind the bar but I think someone's afraid to handle the bottles. My opinion is this: a happy hour is only as good as the drinks they pour, and if they're gonna skimp on alcohol JUST because it is happy hour, then what's the point of doing a discount at all? Either make people happy or just don't offer it. Okay, that's a little dramatic. But every single time I've had a drink there, it's the same story. My friends prevented me from taking a drink back to the bar, but I might just have to only order a glass of their $5 wine to get my money's worth in the future. Their pizzas were tasty as well as their amazing mac and cheese dish (15 bucks though...sheesh!) I'd have to say that the texture of their wings didn't do much for me though. The sauce was delicious but man the wings were tougher than Russell Crowe in Gladiator (That was my last one. Promise)Still love this place. Will still recommend it. Just might smuggle a bottle in with me next time...
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,7/9/2011,31,107,7,10,10>I'm sad to say that I have lived in Hawaii my entire life and have not even heard of Chuck's Celler until my friends and I went there for our annual holiday dinner.  If you go there order the Chuck's Prime Rib.  I mean if they name something after the owner its what they are known for and you shouldn't be ordering anything else.  Everyone ordered Chuck's special except for one and she I think deeply regretted ordering the shrimp scampi thing.  It cost almost the same as the prime rib, but there were only 6 measly shrimp.  For $28.95 you get a huge slab of perfectly cooked prime rib (and I'm not even a huge meat eater) with a choice of rice or baked potato.  Since I was already eating all the meat I went with the baked potato with the butter, sour cream, and bacon (no chives for me), hey if its the holidays it doesn't really count right?The dinner also comes with an all you can eat soup and salad bar.  The soup of the day when we went was vegetable soup which was pretty good, but I was a little underwhelmed by the salad bar.  Perhaps my expectations were too high from reading everyone else's reviews on here.I have to say that the dessert was pretty good and the mud pie is wayyy better then the chocolate souffle (it cannot compete with Roy's).  The mud pie was interesting in that they used macademia nut ice cream so there were little crunchy nuts in every bite.I would say that I would like to go back again, maybe in a few months so I can give my heart and waistline a little break!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,7/8/2011,559,209,36,10,21>THE REASON FOR MY BETRAYAL Monday Me: "Oh my goodness babe, Teddy's opened up near Pearlridge!" Hubby: "Really? We should go. Ahhhh, their burgers are good." Me: "Today!?" Hubby: "Maybe, our son has soccer practice and he has to do his homework." Picked up our son Me: "Guess what Jo we are gonna eat mouthwatering tasty to die for burgers." Hubby: "Uh, no promises." Half way through soccer practice Me: "I can't wait to engulf those burgers I'm working out an appetite." Hubby: "Look at the sky hun, it's going to rain." Me: "What does the weather have to do with me and food? You said : /" Arrive home Me: Reading Yelp reviews about Teddys at Aiea Hubby: "What are you doing?" Me: "Uh, looking up lesson plans." Son is finished with his homework Hubby: "Sorry hun it's too late and it's raining." Me: Dismayed "But you said." Next day Me: I text my husband. So are we down for today to eat at Teddys? Love you to Reese's Pieces. Hubby: Text back: Sorry hun I had a long day at work Following Days Life just gets in the way. Teddy's is haunting me. I think about it at work. Look at pictures of burgers on my phone. Talk about it to with my friends. Talk about it with family. Talk about it with my hubby. Saturday at Soccer Practice Me: "Man, I'm soooo hungry....." Sister: "Let's go Teddy's bigger burgers since it's so close." Me: "Yeah." Teddy's Bigger Burgers Me: Automatically check-in through my phone. I don't worry because my husband doesn't have a Yelp account yet. But, I forgot that my check-in's through Yelp automatically shows up on my Facebook as well. Finally, I get to eat the burger that I've been talking about, enticing myself by looking at pictures, and just fantasizing about. I order the 5oz burger combo. That includes a drink and fries. I add on avocado, Swiss cheese, and mushrooms. It fulfills me. :) CAUGHT RED HANDED! Later that day... Hubby: "So what did you do today?" Me: "The usual." Hubby: "Tell Me." Me: "Took Jo to the soccer game." Hubby: "And?" Me: "Hung out with my sis." Hubby: "Where?" Me: "At the soccer game and my dad's house." Hubby: "Did you eat today?" Me: "Yes, of course" Hubby: "And?" Shows me Facebook check-in at Teddy's Bigger Burgers Me: "I couldn't wait any longer. Teddy's keeps on haunting me. On the bright side I found out they have military discount. Um, let's go there for dinner!." Hubby: "You used my military privileges, you tried to hide it from me that you went, and you want to go again for dinner? No!" Me: "But you said." For two whole weeks I didn't hear the end of it. Lesson learned...take off the automatic check-in on my Facebook. I'm just kidding babe. I really do love you to Reese's Pieces.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,7/7/2011,161,142,12,11,9>If you want to LOOK and FEEL like a *Superstar*, feel like a *Million Bucks, must have *Sexy Hair* or just enjoy getting *Dolled Up* without having to pay a million, you MUST, MUST, MUST visit Alan Vuong, Owner of Salon Blanc.When I believe in someone or something, I like to share it with all of my friends...this is my moment of sharing with you my fabulous discovery of Alan. Alan is a hair guru! He is incredible! He is a hair magician! Need I say more? Did I get your attention?I've known Alan over the years through different salons I've visited, but have never had the opportunity to have Alan cut my hair. My girlfriend had recently gotten her hair done with Alan and told me that I must see him and so I did.I'm always searching for the best of the best and without a doubt, no more searching for me. I have found my stylist for life!After being greeted by the Receptionist, I was immediately offered something to drink. Upon meeting the guru, Alan and I discussed what I wanted to have done and I was open to hearing his suggestions. All I said what that I wanted *sexy* hair and sexy hair is what he said I'd be walking away with. His adorable assistant then whisked me away to shampoo and condition my hair.A typical hair salon will use 1 blowdryer to dry your hair, but at Salon Blanc, they take it up more than a few notches. Once back in the chair, my hair was blown dry by 4 blowdryers by Alan and his assistant. 4 sounds crazy, but it was wonderful! I feel like I should be using 4 to dry my hair when I'm at home, too. Snip, snip, cut, cut, blend, blend, layer, layer and I was done. In 35 - 40 minutes I was out the door and ready to show off my new *sexy* hair look. It was the best haircut I've had in forever!Alan is a master of his trade, extremely talented and definitely has the eye for making someone beautifful!Don't waste any time and just book your next appointment with Alan! Seriously, just do it....you'll be so glad you did!
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,7/6/2011,186,203,6,13,7>The hubby and I found another great happy hour spot!  Happy hour is everyday, Mon-Sun from 5:30-6:30pm featuring $3.50 martinis AND.....50% of the ENTIRE MENU.  Amazing, right?  There are a couple of catches though, the first being that you must sit at the bar (which is not the greatest ambiance, but it's not bad either) and secondly, a 17% gratuity of the total bill (before 50% is taken off for happy hour specials) is automatically added to your bill.  But that being said, the food and service here is absolutely amazing, and at 50% off, who can complain?First I have to get a little something out of the way, which is the mention of a little roach that crawled onto a plate that we had already finished.  The roach was NOT IN our food, he just decided to partake in some of our leftovers, I mean, c'mon, that is one smart, foodie of a roach who knows fine dining.  We brought this to the attention of the bartender.  She was immediately and extremely apologetic, and even grateful for our understanding and comp'd us a couple of dishes and some additional drinks.  But even that little incidence could not detract from the pretty spectacular food, which says a lot. We decided to do all tapas instead of entrees so we could get a good tasting of a variety of things.  Dishes we loved: Contemporary Sushi with hamachi and salmon (hamachi being the better of the two), Seared Sea Scallops (I wanted to lick the plate clean of the sauce it was served in), Sizzling Hamachi Carpaccio, Spicy Ahi, and Chocolate Ooze!  Dishes we probably won't be ordering next time: Panko Crusted Ahi (after having the hamachi, this just couldn't measure up) and Kurubota Pork Belly (too sweet, we prefer our meat to be savory).   As for the drinks, if you like the sweet stuff like me then Sexy Lychee is THEE way to go!  Oh, and we even loved the house made rice crackers with aioli dipping sauce.  Ate every. last. bit. If you have money to spare then this is a good place to spend it.  But if you are on a budget then this happy hour will have you eating like you're living the good life, but for half the price!  We were also told that Vino, Hiroshi's sister restaurant also hosts the same happy hour special 5:30-6:30, Wed-Sat, 50% off the entire menu.  Think we will hit that one up next...just hope our roach friend WON'T be joining us there.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,7/5/2011,271,20,63,49,26>Normally, false eyelashes and I are mortal enemies. The last time I used them (self-applied), they decided to un-apply themselves during a date with my boyfriend. Poor boyfriend. It was his 31st birthday dinner and he freaked out very nicely when he saw that his girlfriend had a small black tarantula dangling off her cheek! Happy Birthday, Honey!Disregarding that disaster, I did not give up on my quest for sexy-beast lashes. My normal lashes are actually quite long, but I still wanted to attain luscious, sexy-beast, Kardashian-esq eyelashes. Summoning my inner nerd, I did some research and found that most places charge $100 and up. Then I yelp-ed it and found Cute & Lotus Hawaii. After calling several times, I finally got through and took the first available appointment .Here are my TIPS:Kama'aina rate is only $30. Show your ID for the discount. Plan to call well ahead for your appointment. They don't always answer the phone because they're so busy. So be prepared to go all psycho-ex girlfriend on them in order to reserve your place.They only validate for the first 30 minutes, so park across the street at Ala Moana (by Macys). It'll take less than two minutes to get there and walking keeps your thighs happy.The salon is located in Suite #105 (ground floor/outside) of the Yacht Harbor Tower. From Atkinson Drive, go up the stairs (located to the right of the parking ramp) and keep walking straight towards Diamond Head.First-timers need to sign an informative waiver before they start. Be sure to sign it before they tape your eyes. Otherwise they have to un-tape them then re-tape them again. Whoopsie! Don't expect exceptionally full lashes at first. For first-timers, I think they do the "minimum set." Maybe it's to get you used to wearing falsies? I don't know. I chose to go with their "small" and  "glamorous" lashes - and I'm happy I did. It takes some time getting used to your new lashes. The "small" lenses are still pretty long. Any longer and I think I would have flew away.They recommend that you not wet your eyes for at least 24-36 hours. So don't watch 'The Notebook' or plan on joining a wet t-shirt contest. Save that for hour 37. Also steer clear of mascara and eyelash curlers (you won't need them) and use oil-free products/makeup remover to help your lashes last longer. You're welcome.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,7/4/2011,676,463,8,9,7>"I want to go fast!"  Podium Raceway really brought out the Ricky Bobby in me.  Those karts go up to 50 mph and the track isn't even that big so....yeah, it was pretty intense to watch but sooooo much fun to drive!First, you register yourself on the computers by the entrance and you go to the cashiers to pay for your races and your group gets placed in the queue.  I recommend getting the three race package, $45, because you will save money.  Even if you're a girl like me and couldn't imagine liking the idea racing, you will after one race!!!  Get the three races because you will wanna come back even if you don't use up all three in one day.  One race is 14 laps and once you finish, you have to register your group again if you want to continue.Once your group is called, you go get your do-rag head wrap, get fitted for a helmet and strapped to your kart.  The karts are electronically controlled so if you keep crashing because you're not using your brakes, they will slow your kart down.  The course is pretty small but thrilling regardless.  Our laps averaged about 22-27 seconds.  If I drove the way I drove at Podium Raceway, I would probably be dead in my flipped car and on fire.  Speed kills but it's okay at Podium Raceway.  I loved my experience because it's something new and refreshing.  I can't wait to go back again.  My gripes for this place is that it's pretty expensive and we all wished the track was just a bit longer.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,7/3/2011,779,223,13,13,14>Up until last night I was tormented by numerous check ins from yelper friends and rave reviews from Melissa C. Kyle H. Chris O. and many others.Thankfully Sikdorak extended their hours- 24 hours a day! (Started Friday).  Lucky for me this fits my schedule PERFECTLY! haha.  I started recruiting fellow diners from workplace the night before- trying to get a good group to try out this new place.  After work on Saturday night (midnight) we head down to Sikdorak in Samsung Plaza.With me is Mark "Skid" A. Bruna "Translator" J. and Jon "Noob" K.  Planning ahead, I brought along Bruna- from Brazil but knows Portuguese, English, and Korean to help us out since previous reviews suggest having a Korean speaker.  She did a brilliant job- ordering us 4 all you can eat specials with all meats and rice.  We were brought water, rice, a mountain of all the meats, and boiling "miso soup" which consisted of squash/zucchini and tofu.  Quite good, but waaaaay too hot temperature wise.     All the meats included ribeye, tongue, brisket, pork belly, spicy chicken, spicy pork, kalbi, and bbq chicken.  We tore through two full orders of all meats and were very much satisfied.  My favorites were the tongue, ribeye, and SPICY PORK.  HOLY COW (pig actually) that spicy pork was sweet, spicy, and tender.  I could eat 20 orders of that all day every day.  Definitely a must order.We only took one picture, we were THAT hungry and the food looked and tasted so good!media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp…On a side note, my Korean is terrible.  I know 2 phrases and random words.  Luckily for me the two phrases I know are "hello" and "more rice please".  Whew, dodged a bullet there.  The ajumma was very nice and everything came out quickly.  We destroyed the banchan and all the meats in record time.  We were so hungry after our dinner rush at work!After the meal I felt like Grant the Meat Pinata.  I was bursting at the seams with meat. Gamers body ftw.Ajumma, gamsahabnida!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,7/2/2011,440,533,8,11,14>Another reason why I love Ono: they are full of the Aloha spirit. Not only is the food perfectly delicious, everyone there goes out of their way to take care of you.After my first ever surfing session today at Diamond Head, I was starving and super thirsty, since I apparently wipe out with my mouth open and swallow all the salt water. All I wanted was an ice cold Hawaiian Sun passion orange juice in a can and some pipikaula, laulau, kalua pig, watercress soup with salt meat, and haupia. Yeah, that's all. ;-)Well, I got all that and more. Today's meal was just perfect. Because we got there at an off-time (4pm), we scored parking right in front and the restaurant was empty, which meant that our food came out in 2 minutes. We shared the soup, which is the BEST thing on the menu by far, and a combination plate. While we were ordering, we talked story with the staff, who were sitting at the next table.I tell you, nothing else could hit the spot after surfing (or in my case, "surfing") like that meal. The laulau was gigantic and juicy; the pipikaula so flavorful with the Hawaiian salt, round onion slices, and spoonfuls of chili pepper water. The kalua pig was lean but not dry. And I know they don't make the canned juice, but man, that was the best canned juice I'd ever had! :PThe highlight was the watercress soup with big hunking chunks of tender salt meat. The broth was as delicious as I'd remembered AND the kitchen lady came out not once, but TWICE to refill our broth (since the bowl is shallow and doesn't hold that much). Or maybe she felt sorry for me, since I was drinking it down like there was no tomorrow. When I reached the bottom of my bowl, I looked up and the old Filipino cook from the kitchen was standing across from me by the front door, smiling and nodding and watching me eat. My sheer enjoyment must have shone on my face because he told me to wait and disappeared back into the kitchen. I paid the bill and a few minutes later, he came out with a steaming hot takeout bowl of soup and meat as a bonus for me to take home! How awesome is that?!! Thank you Ono, for the perfect meal on a perfect day!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,7/1/2011,295,372,11,15,15>Open Mon-Saturday Closed on SundaysLunch: 11am- 3pmDinner 5pm-9pm**B.Y.O.B**FYI: their spices on their dishes are prepared the way they make it! NO SUBSTITUTIONS! (it even says it on every page of their menu) so if you're sensitive to spicy foods, I recommend you asking the server which ones aren't that spicy. For those who love spicy foods like I do, be prepared to add extra chili sauce/paste to your meal. -- this would probably only be the downfall but other than that their food is delish! I can't wait to come back here and try the rest!**I highly recommend coming here during lunch and take advantage of their lunch special $7.99 is a BANG for your buck!**while laying in bed I was browsing through my iphone, yelped around nearby places to grab lunch before going to my massage appointment and THAI HERB KITCHEN was my pick, now I have passed by this place twice and always wanted to check out it and today was the perfect day to take a stroll around my neighborhood and treat myself to lunch. The name and the interior goes well together, it's like really eating at some thai family's kitchen but in a good welcoming feel. Simple floral chairs, pictures of thailand, thai people on the wall, wooden chopsticks, and thai music and movies playing in the background. This restaurant kept it pretty simple with just a touch of that Thailand feel. If that makes any sense to you. The workers were also very friendly, especially the nice lady who I believe is also one of the chefs.Food: I ordered the lunch special which automatically comes with-Tom Yom Soup ---the broth is very good!-Spring Rolls ---fresh vegetarian starter-Tapioca w/ Coconut milk ---a little bit watered down, but the tapioca pearls were soft and chewyand your choice of entree (they have quite a few selections to choose from!) I chose PAD THAI noodles (always been a favorite of mine) - today's my bday and if you're filipino or any type of asian you know it is tradition to eat some kind of noodle dish for longer life! OMG!!! this was by far the BEST lunch I've eaten in so long! now this is the kind of stuff I enjoy and glad it's in my neighborhood; CHEAP GOOD EATS! enough said!Lunch Special : $7.99Thai Iced Tea: $2.00GRAND TOTAL w/ tip :less than $13, WOW!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,6/30/2011,236,72,17,11,19>"4 Haiku Review of Shirokiya"Upstairs many good foodDownstairs expensive for realHundred dollar dollMiso ButterfishSashimi TakoyakiI eat 'til I sleepSometimes food cost lotsTwelve dollar sushi comboToo small, no thank youShirokiya funShirokiya good good funEat until you die
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,6/29/2011,231,559,7,11,7>Previously located on lower Waialae Ave, Pzzaz recently moved to the Kahala Mall, 2nd level, right next to Cesaer's Cleaners.An upscale consignment shop filled with great clothing for women, you will be able to attire yourself from head to toe. I noticed their vintage designer handbags and jewelry in the new showcase. Unlike their old location, this space is roomier with showcases and racks of clothes, shoes, accessories. The hardest searched items will more than likely be found there.Gladys and Blyss (mother and daughter) own and run this shop. They expert personal attention to each of their customers and will always give you an opinion of what looks good or bad on you. In other words, they won't let you walk off buying something you may end up not liking or worse, something that you won't look good in. Now, that is service.Oh, one other thing. They sometimes offer snacks while you're browsing. How do you like that?
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,6/28/2011,191,170,6,11,9>Whoever coined the term "Everything in Moderation" has never been to Morimoto's! I was lucky enough to attend a sneak preview of Morimoto's newest location in Waikiki and damn! Morimoto is definitely an Iron Chef worthy of his stripes. Better yet, it was an honor to meet the Iron Chef and know that he was in house preparing the food. I left the restaurant in a blissful state of foodie overdose.... Here we go again! Atmosphere: From the moment you walk in, you're bathed in a clean and pristine white. Shortly after the host/hostess desk, you are greeted by the bar and a nice dining area. The perimeter of the dining area is lined with floor to ceiling glass panels providing a great view of the outdoor lounge area and the boat harbor. The other side of the dining area includes a sushi bar area and a complete view into the kitchen. The design is seamless and give you a sense of dining in the Iron Chef's swanky Hawaiian home. The atmosphere is like a restaurant out of Vegas mixed with a sophisticated Hawaii resort feel. The outdoor lounge area is nice size and includes comfortable seating areas, a fire pit, and great views of the harbor. Service: Typically, new restaurants suffer in this area. It's just a part of being a new restaurant and having new staff working a new system. However, service was not an issue. Our main server was Bianca. She was extremely pleasant and very attentive. Moreover, Morimoto's is loaded with staff. You'd swear the employee to diner ratio was 1 to 2! For this sneak preview, the kitchen rolled a majority of their menu! I have about 22 pictures of each individual dish and I know I missed 2 or 3. Timing on the dishes impressive. The entire house was full and enjoying the same 26 courses. Service was excellent and I wouldn't expect anything less. Food: The food was amazing. The quality of the ingredients and the creativity of presentation and execution really highlighted the Iron Chef's experience. The meal was served family style and the chef was intent on having all of us rolled out to our cars! This evening I had the pleasure of enjoying: - Ahi, Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomato Salad - Steamed Chicken - black & white sesame seed sauce, pickled local vegetables - Toro Tartare - wasabi, maui onion, nori paste, sour cream (an Iron Chef show dish!)* - Ahi Pizza - olives, anchovy aioli, jalapeno - Hamachi "pastrami" - togarashi, gin creme fraiche, candied olive - Crispy Rock Shrimp Tempura - spicy kochujan sauce and wasabi aioli, coconut ranch - Oyster Foie Gras - raw oysters, foie gras, uni, teriyaki sauce* - Tempura Pineapple, Jamon Iberico - wasabi tzatziki - Wagyu Carpaccio - yuzu soy, ginger, garlic* - Spicy King Crab - tobanjan aioli, micro cilantro - Steamed Diver Scallop - xo jan, Tokyo scallion - Kakuni - ten hour braised pork belly, rice congee, soy-scallion jus* - Beef Curry Pan - panko crust - Whole Kona Lobster "epice" - garam masala, lemon creme fraiche* - Chef's Loco Moco - wagyu beef, sunny side up egg, hayashi gravy, fukujinzuke - Angry Chicken - marinated organic half chicken, roasted finger peppers, spiced chicken jus - Braised Butterfish - ginger/soy reduction - Crispy whole fish - big island Hirame (fluke), mabo tofu sauce, pickled papaya salad* - Duck, Duck, Duck - seared duck breast, duck confit spring roll, duck meatball soup - Seafood "toban yaki" - kona lobster, king crab, mussel, clam, diver scallop, red miso-sake broth* - Ishi Yaki Buri Bop - yellowtail on rice cooked table side in a hot stone bowl - Lamb Rack - house polished sushi rice spam onigiri, yuzu pepper jus* - Chef's Selection Sushi Platter* - Sorbet Selection - Mint pineapple/Guava/Mango - Chocolate Mille Feuille - bruleed bananas, avocado anglaise, spiced chocolate ice cream - Chocolate Peanut Bombe - milk chocolate cremeux, salted peanut ice cream* - Sansho Pepper Roasted Pineapple - buckwheat soba castella, toasted rice ice cream - Tofu Hot & Cold - cheesecake, souffle, sour cherry sorbet* - Haupia Semifreddo - coconut gelee, local honey, matcha meringue *Phew* I'm full all over again just typing that out! Pretty much everything that came out was great. However, the items I've marked with an asterisk were the stars of the show in my mind. I would come back and order those items all day long. The Toro Tartare was dramatic in presentation and fun to eat. The Toro was placed into a flat rectangular box and presented with mini paddles for diners to scoop the toro and garnish. It was interactive and a dish straight out of the Iron Chef show! The Oyster was amazing! Oyster, Foie Gras, and Uni. Nuff said. The only downside to the dish was the teriyaki sauce. I thought it masked the flavors of the great ingredients. If you order this, ask for no sauce or sauce on the side. review to be continued....lack of space......
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,6/27/2011,1750,731,8,11,5>The late night FOOD menu rocks! (late night kitchen is open Friday & Saturday nights from 10pm-1am; bar stays open until 2am)Chibo has the best loco moco I've ever had.It's made with PREMIUM quality meats! (all the premium-quality "scraps" from dinner!) And the gravy is to die for. Like kelly k put it, "you could pour it over anything..."...including all over my face and body. Yeah, it's good.The okonomiyaki is a great late night snack. I like my okonomiyaki with mochi and cheese or scallops and bacon. YUM!The beef tataki is pretty tasty as well. However, I'm a huge fan of meat so any kind of meat does it for me. Anyway, if you're looking for a chill late night spot on the weekends check out Chibo. The drink specials are pretty cherry and the food is great.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,6/26/2011,147,155,5,10,9>Drinks were hella (SF slang) stiff (Seattle slang) brah (HI slang)!I went here last week for First Friday.  No line.  No cover.  No dresscode.  Easy to get drinks.  Big dancefloor.  AC!  And believe or not, the girl/guy ratio was about 50/50.  The DJ was playing all the cuts from classic LLcoolJ hits to Tupac and Biggie hits.  Love it!The Venue is currently tied with Manifest for first place for First Friday spots to hit up.  In fact, I might even go here on the regular before it gains more steam and they start charging folks entrance fees.  boo.  checkit checkit out.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,6/25/2011,209,81,9,11,8>Omakase once again.  I'm starting to see a trend.  New place, first time, same order.  Give me what you think is best.Our server brought out a large sushi platter for 3 of us.  3 pieces each:($103.50, 3 pieces each.  $4.31/piece)IkaAji Otoro Hamachi Ikura Hirame Maguro Mystery Fish (Our server didn't say what was given to us)We annihilated the plate.  I bet we would've ate the ceramic platter if it had a fish design.  Everything was scarfed in a matter of minutes.  So much hype.  Too much anticipation.  Self control went out the window.  Well I guess it went through the wall since we were sitting where there were no windows.But after all of that noming, the consensus was "are we really at 4.5 stars, legendary status Imanas?"We didn't give up. No no no."Omakase.  One more time!"Round 2 brought us the same fish, different style.  Everything was lightly grilled except the Uni.  Aburi style.($44.50, 2 pieces each, $3.70 a piece)OtoroSalmon Aji Hamachi SabaUniPlate hits the table.  Game on.Sushi - 0Us - 2No one needed to speak after we finished.  I could tell by everyone's reaction that we had indeed come to the right spot.  The aburi toro was killer.  If you can believe it, the grilling brought out the creaminess and teri beef flavors.  Yes teri beef out of toro.  Redonk.  We had to order another round of the aburi toro.A sushi crazy friend categorizes sushi bars based on quality adjusted value meaning that the fish need not be a 15 on a 10 scale if it's cheap.  Imanas should be in the yelp elite of quality adjusted value spots.  Nothing was over $10 and the majority around the $5-$6 range for 2 pieces.  Imanas is THE value play.  Parking sucks, reservations only accepted from 5pm-7pm, etc, etc.I think I've just found my default sushi bar.  Feed me!
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,6/24/2011,544,212,9,12,14>"Cause baby tonightttttttt, Dolan's got us fallin' in love again!"Okay, so that definitely sounded better in my head than written down.  But Dolan's is better than any pizza i've had so far in hawaii. :) Yeah its not a thin crust pizza from new york, or deep dish from chicago, but it's double J's man. We sat down at the bar with some friends and what does Jayson see? CAZADORES. It's tequila time.. So following the shots, we needed some food.. No reversal of fortune please! :) We grabbed the garlic spinich and giacomo pizza. The giacomo is like a sausage, olive, and delicious salami over a tasty crust!. Both very tasty, very awesome, very JJ. The two bartenders, Sergio and Wayne were awesome. INFACT, wayne looked like JJ DOLAN. Well that might just be my buzzed vision but the dude looked like the dolan on the website.Anyways, the bar scene was amazing. It felt like i was in mcclarens from "how i met your mother."  It had a very home-y feeling. Convenient purse hooks for the ladies, and enough space for us big guys. And dolan's bar has some pretty cool unique alcohols.  My friends and I took a shot called the TEA BAG. With a name like that, how can you go wrong. Don't worry, balls are not involved! They also have this skull vodka. Neither sergio or wayne knew the name, but i figured it out guys. I got your back! It's called wait for it.... CRYSTAL SKULL VODKA! Earth shattering I know."So eat, eat like its the last last night of your life life, DOLAN get you right!!!!"Yeah this is why i'm not a song writer. Maholler!
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,6/23/2011,577,251,24,25,21>I love Olive Tree Café like a good man loves a good woman.  A good man doesn't love his woman except for her faults.  He doesn't love her in spite of her faults.  He loves all of her; her faults included.While Olive Tree Café does a lot of thing rights, she does have some faults.  Getting a table from her is the most obvious one; everyone seems to love her and she doesn't have enough tables to satisfy them all.  Getting my table requires me to have a keen eye, quick reflexes, a plan, and having a partner helps.  She offers no service to speak of; I stand in line to order.  One of her staff calls my name when my appetizers are ready, and I go back to her counter to get them myself.  I am called again when my entrées are ready.  Her staff will bus her tables, but due to the seating issues, they likely won't clear my dishes until after someone else is at my table; and similarly, I will likely be seated before the dishes of the previous diners have been cleared.  She only accepts cash.  I wouldn't mention this as a fault if it were not for her next fault.  That is that she is kind of pricey for a cash only establishment.  I can sit inside or out, but either way my view will be of her tiny parking lot.  I usually find little specks of black stuff at the bottom of my water glass.  I don't know what it is, but it's heavy enough that it stays put at the bottom as I drink from the top.  I politely don't mention it.  To do otherwise would not be very gentlemanly.  She's never open for lunch.  I get to spend time with her on her schedule, not mine.  Yes, I love all these faults of hers.While Olive Tree Café does some things wrong, she does have plenty of beautiful aspects.  Obviously, her food is exceptional:  I always start with a bowl of her Avgo Lemono (egg lemon soup).  It is so hot and tasty, just like a first kiss when you haven't seen your woman in a long while.  Occasionally, I'll also have her pita with hummus; it's warm, soft and enticing.  For the main course, most often, I will get her lamb souvlaki.  She serves it up hot, saucy and so satisfying!  She never gives me more than I can handle, nor does she leave me wanting for more.  Dinner with a good woman deserves a good wine.  She has that covered.  She allows BYOB, and she doesn't charge me a corkage fee.  Her ambience and her festive atmosphere seem magical.  It's like staring into the eyes of a beautiful woman.   I love the way she makes me feel by just being with her.So, when it comes to Olive Tree Café for me, it is not about making a weighted list of her pros verses her cons, nor is it about considering what changes might make her better.  It's about loving the whole experience just the way she is.This review, my 100th, is my love letter to Olive Tree Café.  Don't change a thing about yourself!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,6/22/2011,865,217,35,44,42>My friend Sonia S. loves this place and now I know why. She took me here for dinner one night and I'm now a fan. Overall, I thought it was a good meal and owner Maile is such a sweetheart! The ambience of this semi-dimmed, modern restaurant is classy - yet unpretentious. The stylish decor complete with crisp linen and shiny silverware, is definitely a step-up from your more casual Thai restaurants. The staff is friendly and attentive. Sonia dropped one of her chopsticks and a replacement pair was given before we even had a chance to request for one. Our server saw it happen while taking orders from the next table and was quick to act.I regret not ordering the Fried Thai Chicken (I LOVE my fried chicken and calamari, lol). We just ordered too much food and decided to leave that dish out. I will be back.My other regret was ordering the THAI CUCUMBER COOLER ($8.50): The idea of having a stiff pour of Stoli vodka infused with a housemade white ginger reduction sold me. The teeny-tiny pieces of mint and minced cucumbers....not so much. I couldn't get used to having to constantly chew a mouthful of those bits every time I took a sip....and I choked when I tried to just swallow it. Sadly, I left this one unfinished.yelp.com/biz_photos/FlsV…BEEF SASHIMI ($12.90):  Thinly sliced raw beef (think it was top round?) and onions were served on a bed of chopped romaine. The sriracha in the chili soy sauce gave it a nice kick. We added additional chopped chili peppers to the sauce, even better! A simple and refreshing dish. yelp.com/biz_photos/FlsV…COLD TOFU ($5.90): Soft store-bought tofu is used but the "sweet ginger soy chili sauce" is pretty tasty! Maile said that she's in the process of bottling this sauce and selling it, so stay tuned. The cilantro and julienned ginger complements the sauce very well. I would definitely order this again. yelp.com/biz_photos/FlsV…We ordered half orders of the Garlic Soy & Garlic Lime fried fish for $13.90. The fish for both dishes were cooked perfectly and the coating on it was nice and crisp.GARLIC SOY FISH:  The menu said that this was "pan-baked" but I think it was more like deep-fried to me, which I LOVE! Panko-crusted and topped off with a delicious garlic-soy sauce. The salty fried garlic bits adds even more flavor to this dish. yelp.com/biz_photos/FlsV…GARLIC LIME FISH:  The menu mentioned "deep-fried" but this dish looked more like it could pass for the "pan-baked" description that was given to the above Garlic Soy Fish dish, with its softer, fluffier tempura-like batter. Perhaps, the menu might need to be updated? The fried goodness was perfectly crisp though, a plus! Made with fresh lime juice & chili flakes, the sauce is on the sweeter, tangy side. I thought this dish was tasty but I prefer the saltier Garlic Soy Fish more. yelp.com/biz_photos/FlsV…Maile told us that the fish of the night was Basa, I didn't realize what it actually was until later. I thought it tasted very familiar (and not in a good way) and Sonia mentioned that the meat "tasted like dirt". Thank goodness the sauces were delicious!Basa is actually a type of catfish. It's used a lot in Southeast Asian cuisine (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ba…). I.HATE.CATFISH. I can never get used to this type of fish. The taste and smell of its meat is something I can never get over (Ca Kho has always been my enemy and I'm Vietnamese, lol). Luckily, the taste of Basa isn't as strong as your usual catfish.....but I could definitely still taste that it was catfish. RICE NOODLE WITH TOFU aka PAD THAI (we added Chicken & Shrimp to ours for $12.50): I can overlook the slightly gamey taste of catfish, but I can't overlook soft, overcooked noodles. The noodles were overcooked and broken up in 2-3 inch sticky clumps. We only got 3 pieces of shrimps and around 3 pieces of chicken in our dish. AND they forgot the tofu!!!yelp.com/biz_photos/FlsV…As I mentioned earlier, it was a good meal overall. Just a couple misses but the staff, Beef Sashimi and Tofu dishes deserves 4 stars. Don't forget to mention "YELP" to your server for your free Apple Banana Tapioca dessert!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/17/2010,6/21/2011,165,48,27,14,16>It's a rhyming day for me today~ Ireh Restaurant, to me you are A-OK I would not eat here everyday I ordered the Korean ramen with mochi That I thought would be a guarantee But as the bowl came, I smelled a familiar scent It was straight out of the packaged ramen, to my discontent! The evidence was right there Packs of top-ramen were laying out everywhere I went on to try the rice with beef Definitely not fit for a chief And the kim-chee fried rice Not the best, take my advice The meat jun was probably the best But not something to be too impressed At least everything was cheap $6 for the ramen is not too steep And the waitress was polite and let us stay Even after closing time, she did not rush us away Oh, I forgot about the Korean shaved ice Again, not the best, but it did suffice So I can check this restaurant off my list And continue to persist To find all the yummy Korean places And see some happy faces This rhyme is getting old Just like bread mold The end My yelpy friend
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,6/20/2011,265,441,12,16,10>Once again, I find myself at hunger's door. And again I covet Mexican to battle my urges. I have been told (by some) that Mexican food, authentic Mexican food, is too aggressive for people's taste here on the island. Apparently, the local tongue can not handle Mexican heat, or savory flavors. El Charro Mexicano Restaurant didn't get the memo. Thanks to Mensch M. for the recommendation, so close to my work! Few things I miss from living in San Diego, Mexico and the Southwestern continental U.S. in general include: Driving around to different cities and states, the questionable legality of firearms and certain drugs and Mexican food. It is so difficult to find it here on the islands; and you would think its simple design would allow for rapid production and dispersement. I however, have NO idea on how to run a business, so when I am able to find ingredients to make my own Mexican meals at home, I apparently am creating a miracle because restaurants must be having trouble finding larger quantities of the same said Mexican materials. It must be all that praying to the Virgen de Guadalupe I do on my weekends. El Charro, must be taking to the same saints.The GOOD: The menu is by far, the most extensive Mexican menu I have ever seen on O'ahu. Not only is it extensive, but flooding with a myriad a Mexican meals that make my Latino soul scream Aye Caramba! Chihuahua! I myself came in for a Lunch break. One of my favorite Mexican dishes has always been the Chile Relleno, and I took it as a sign when I asked the lady behind the counter what she would get, she said she'd get a Chicken Chile Relleno. She must know its supreme awesomeness of a stuffed pepper, she works here damn it. The next thing I saw that I knew was a must: HORCHATA. Rice and cinnamon never mated so well, and it must be because it had a threesome with sugar. Made fresh in the store using blood, sweat and tears (and rice) El Charro has itself some very satisfying flavors on its menu. The Chile Relleno came in a Poblano, pared with rice and beans and slathered in a green chili sauce and, like all delicious things should be, sprinkled with cheese. Naturally, Chile Rellenos are not spicy especially when seeds are removed, and El Charro made some wonderful flavors that reminded me of my mom's peppers, savory and not salty, cheesy and perfect.The BAD: Although, it isn't a major issue, their rice, the same kind my mom used to make, the same kind I make at home, the same orangy rice you see at every Mexican restaurant, was slightly... blah. I can make better tasting rice at home most of the time, and I often feel that it's easy to make, so a restaurant that prepares it over and over everyday should be able to get it perfect. El Charro though, makes it slightly bland. Maybe its not enough tomato sauce in the mix, or perhaps too much water. Either way, it was sub par. Another issue I had (that also is not really a major problem) is that its in Aiea... I work here, but I wish it was closer to my home in Waiks, damn it. And my final complaint, again, not major is that my Pablano was a bit empty in terms of chicken. Size-wise, pablanos are perfect for packing - they're usually huge, mine however must have been the runt, and even then they missed the opportunity to stuff the hell out of it. I was a little sad to see so much space in the pepper, but then again, they have to fry the beast, so I'm assuming they didn't want to make a huge mess in preparing it in the frying process.Overall: this place is golden, hard core 4 stars. I work around the corner, and I wouldn't even mind trekking out to Aiea to enjoy this food again. Pricewise, a Chile Relleno + a large HORCHATA = $13 with tip. Not bad considering I left satisfied and filled with satisfaction.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,6/19/2011,376,199,47,19,18>Men are lucky in that in a bad economy they can eat chicken noodle soup and chicken feet.Women on the other hand, are thinking of eating bouillabaisse and foie gras; no matter what the economy is.Men become unlucky because they cannot live without women and therefore start living outside their means.Last night my gf wants to go out to dinner. I'm thinking:  Why?  Tomorrow night we are having dinner with your girlfriend and her sister and the only reason I'm invited is because you want me to pay.  OK!  I cannot live without you, so that is fine; but how about some understanding here!  Let's eat chicken noodle soup and chicken feet tonight and save some money!Gf:  "I want to eat out!!"Men have to be quick thinking and have to come up with solutions to what might be a problem;  So I say "How about Taiyo Noodles?"Gf:  "That's a great idea!  I love the Mabo Tofu Rice there.  I love that the place is owned by Koreans!  I love that the place is clean!  The service is quick!  They speak Korean!  They have indoor and outdoor seating!  Food is good!  They serve complimentary kim chee; and if you order curry, it's on your table in max five minutes.  We can be out is 35 minute and can come home and watch Korean soap opera on Channel 82.  Yes, lets go to Taiyo Noodles."I'm thinking:  You think really fast Val.  You think really fast.At Taiyo Noodle.Gf: "I'll have the Mabo Tofu Rice!"I'm thinking: $8.25.Me:  "I'll have the gyoza!  Can we have more kim chee!"Gf:  "Gyoza!  Is that all you're having?"Me:   "Yah!  I loovvvee gyoza!!"I'm thinking:  $2.75 and it's the cheapest thing on the menu.Gf:  "I can't eat anymore!  The serving here is HUGE!  You can have the other half of my curry."I'm thinking: YES!!  Two orders of kim chee, three pieces of gyoza (I let my gf have one piece) and half of her mabo tofu rice.  Total $11.00.Gf:  "I bet this is the cheapest date we ever had.  We better be eating yakiniku or kaiten sushi tomorrow!!"Me: "Don't worry sweetheart.  We can go anywhere you want.  My treat!"P.S.  Women are luckier than men.  But men are more cunning and smarter than women.P.P.S.  I have a 15% off coupon for SushiSan and a 10% off coupon for Camellia Buffet.  You think really fast Val.  You think really fast.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,6/18/2011,378,219,13,9,9>*Dozen mochi ice cream = $11, Malt = $6*Dear Bubbies,When the battle of the bulge is being waged within my waistline, you are my nemesis.  Though your sexy concoctions cause me to consume more calories in one sitting than possibly needed in an entire day and spend ridiculous amounts of money on desserts, I can never say no and that is the twisted nature of us.Do you remember the month where I visited you every single day?  And each time I left clinging to my tub of a dozen mochi ice cream, shaking with the simultaneous sensations of guilt and glee.  Chocolate vanilla, raspberry with white chocolate, strawberry dark chocolate, chocolate peanut butter, thoughts of these morsels filled my every waking moment and tormented my dreams.Then I discovered your vanilla malt, the malti-est on the island, our holy grail in a quest begun when our precious Bob's Big Boy caught on fire.  I could taste the malt, it was not a shake with a pathetic sprinkling of malt, oh no, it is a malt as much as a malt can be.  And your lemongrass sorbet, AH, truly a taste sensation.On a side note, my solid month of consuming only your homemade ice cream has made nearly all other ice creams seem colossally inferior.  I am not happy about this and if I had a lawyer you would hear from it.I hate to love you.Angela
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,6/17/2011,291,92,9,12,8>Best boutique in Hawaii. Hawaii doesn't really understand the boutique concept.  In addition, we don't have that many.  Out of all the boutiques, this boutique is the only one that I buy something from every time I visit.  They have uber cute clothes at a super affordable price.  Every item is about $50.  The materials are not cheap like Codi Club, the cuts are not poor like Forever 21 where the clothes fit your body in awkward places and the style is fashionable and trendy unlike Fighting Eel (seriously...who buys their ill-fitting plain $200 clothes made with thick fabric?).  The dresses are truly stylish.  Trust me!They also carry awesome jewelry, belts, sunglasses and other accessories.  I got a luxurious-looking leather wallet with a cute "hello kitty" bow in front for only $30!  What a steal!A plus is that the owner, Alicia, is super nice! She has an adorable dog who keeps her company at work.   If you fill out her stamp card, she will give you a discount at the end!:) :) :) What a happy place for girls! :) :) :)And for boys who give their gfs/female friends items/gift cards from Peaches ;)
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,6/16/2011,360,130,11,10,9>Eat The Street food truck rallies are boss. All the best street food from around the island, gathering in one location.Last month was the first rally, and I was expecting the grand debut of Fairy Cakes. I've been following these lovely ladies on twitter for quite some time, thanks to some blasting by Gogi Truck. But much to my dismay, Fairy Cakes wasn't at that rally! OMG total disappointment.I MUST HAVE THESE FAIRY CUPCAKES. From one fairy to another, don't piss me off!So come time of the second food truck rally, they must have psychically heard my pleas - you know fairy esp or something. They were there! No truck though, but that's fine. I'm here for the FOOD, not for the show.$2.25 cupcakes, $3.00 whoopies (flat cakes with cream sandwiched), $5.00 MONSTER brownies, and $1.50 brownie pops. When I got to the front of the line, the lilikoi whoopie was sold out and there was one brownie pop left. The brownies scared the shit outta me, I'm serious. Those brownies are HUGE. Subway, move aside, there's a new 5 dollar footlong in town.I ended up buying a Orange Dreamsicle Cupcake and a Red Velvet Whoopie. The Cupcake was so fairy fucking delicious - only issue was that it was a little dry. I'm not the biggest red velvet fan, but I was able to appreciate the whoopie. It was much more moist and very delicious.Can't wait til they get their truck up and running (in two weeks, I've been told). I'll be following them on twitter @FairyCakes808, and so should you!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,6/15/2011,731,1118,5,6,6>Russel M. turned me on to Da Falafel King on a recent outing to Waikiki and I am officially hooked. If you are in the mood for some street food to fill your belly or "healthily" sop up the liquor you've consumer stop on by and enjoy! Good prices, good food, what's not to like?Now, I can only speak to one item on their menu. The falafel. I've been there on several occasions and for some reason I can't bring myself to order anything else. The falafel balls are made to order right in front of you and are just the right temperature when you bite into them. The beautiful fresh vegetables add nice layers of texture and the yogurt tzatziki sauce was a nice refreshing flavor. The portions are large and very affordable. I believe its about $4 or $5 of a half order and $8 or  $9 for the full size. I always only order a half order cause that seems to be all I can ever handle! Eaters beware...I have a pretty good appetite.Oh..I believe they are Cash only.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,6/14/2011,704,321,9,6,6>So after a little nearby Chinese food my brother points to the smallest door in the tiniest corner of a obscure multi-use building and there it is...  a cool tiny sign that says "Shop Toast"! Walking up to that door I felt like I was about to discover Diagon Alley! Instead what we found was a tiny little letterpress and design shop with a focus on wedding and party swag! Wow! Weird and cool, my two favorite responses! I probably don't need to say it again... it's TINY! But you should step inside and check it out! If you're having a party and you want to add a little flair this is where you're going to find it!
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,6/13/2011,266,263,7,7,8>Can I live here?After seeing tons of pictures on tumblr of macaroons, Thomas O. and I finally decided to wake up super early to take a trip to La Tour.I was later told that this place was owned by Bale (good bread, guaranz bo barans!!!)We ordered breakfast. I can't even remember what Thomas O. got because I was all into my prosciutto/egg/cheddar sangwich. Bread was soft, like it was just baked. I could have done with more prosciutto ;) no need be stingy! The egg was basically an omelette with green onions and cheese. They also serve these cute little donut holes with powdered sugar on top. Sadly, I was too full to eat any of them.Plus I was all focused on theMACAROOOONSSSSS!!!!!!We ordered matcha, yuzu, I think Thomas O. got mango..and...dreamsicle?I knew the matcha was going to be good because it always seems to be good no matter where I go. I ate the yuzu macaroon first which is very lemony, citrusy and the right amount of sweetness. Yum! Matcha.....is by far my favorite of them all. It's not too bitter nor too sweet, just right. Easy there Goldilocks.I have a difficult time explaining the texture of macaroons. They're shaped like a cookie with icing in the middle but when you eat it...it almost has this gummy/candy like consistency...hard to explain. But it's not dakine gummy where you get dakine cavities liddat.I was an addict after that. Around 5pm that day I texted Thomas O. saying MACARRROONNNNSSSSS like a macaroon zombie. I dragged my mom there and even though she said the place was, "por dee birds" I knew she loved it because she ate every last crumb of the matcha macaroon.Must come here for lunch/dinner!
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,6/12/2011,207,115,6,9,7>I often come to Murphy's to watch the late NFL game on sunday. An Irish pub that combines, comfortability, great food and drinks along with  multiple tv's for my football watching. They open at 2pm on sundays. Beers are ice ice cold and really refreshing, fish and chips, chicken wings, calamari, great corned beef w/an egg easy over and award winning burgers. Jesse does a great job, runs the bar on sundays and keeps the fort down solo until the rest of the crew comes in. Personable guy who asks your name when he takes your first order, bartenders should take lessons from this guy. As more customers came in he gave them all great service making everyone comfortable, taking special orders while checking in on me. Side note they have a great seared ahi/salmon salad that makes for a great lunch or dinner!
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,6/11/2011,392,296,14,14,13>OK, if you have not tried this place then you better, straight up fried chicken helladocious what the what good....yeah, go read that again....Ok, for 7 bucks you get 6 pieces of fried chicken, 2 scoops rice, and spaghetti tuna mac salad...For, 5 bucks, you get 3 pieces of "gotta eat the skin first" fried chicken, one scoop rice and the unreal spaghetti tuna mac salad...............you think I am kidding right?  Go check it out, I sure did, and I am still dreaming of the crispy, oily, tasty, salty, chicken skin and the moist insides....oooooooooooooo good stuff.....If you cannot find this place, like I couldn't, you gotta find that HUGE fresh fruit place in the back, then look in the back of that...and you will find fried chicken pot o gold....Gotta do that again....dang it, I made myself hungry....
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,6/10/2011,173,319,11,16,13>If you had to put almost every locally made Hawai'i food concoction in a box, you would open it up and find all them all at Da Kitchen, only this time all of these dishes are on steroids.  After reading several 4-star reviews about this place I suggested it to my friends for our dinner, movie, & dessert night.  The food definitely exceeded our expectations.  **Dinner seemed like the right time to go, parking was easy to find and there were only a few other tables taken. Ambiance: casual with great choice of music.  I believe it was a mixture of reggae (awesome) and other local artists & bands.  Decorations & tables were nice and well kept.Food:  The three of us shared the fried musubi: WINNER Iced Tea: Simple AND with free refillsKalua pork plate:  So much I'm taking the rest for lunchHamburger steak: Tender & smothered with gravy & onions that were cooked to perfectionChicken Katsu: Sauce was great & they give THREE layers of chicken.*brown rice is a $2.00 extra charge for you healthy foodies out there! (no be shame I eat it too!)ALL three of us got boxes to take them home, cuz like I said, these dishes are on steroids and we can't possibly eat them in one sitting without getting sick. Service: I think it would great if the girls were assigned table sections and/or communicated more, to avoid asking the tables more than once the same questions.  Most of them were friendly & smiley, another looked like she didn't wanna be there.  Long days, I'm sure, but smile! =) it's always nice give customers a genuine smile!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,6/9/2011,144,174,7,13,8>Stopped by Ray's for lunch today.Had the Rack of pork chops special for the first time today and those infamous 3 words came to mind instantly, (not "I love you" even though that probably would've worked) the 3 words...OH MY GOD!The pork chops were so insanely good, words cannot describe. I like the pork chops at Side Street Inn but these give those a shameless beat down.  2 huge chops that were floured and fried so there was a nice thin crust around them. They were super tender, really juicy, and unbelievably priced at $8.95. Easily the best pork chops I've had.I posted a pic of them but it really doesn't do the chops justice.If you find yourself there and this special is on the board that day, get them.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,6/8/2011,233,132,10,12,8>Don't be scared off by the "angry korean lady", She's not that angry and the food here is amazing (best meat jun ever).  Just make sure you follow some of the directions...seat yourself, write your order down, take your order to her, get your own water... very simple stuff.  I get here a little after 1pm for lunch and the first thing I notice when i walk in is all the dishes on the empty tables.  No surprise there I was ready for that one so we pick the only table that's not dirty and sit down.  There's ordering pads on the table so we take a look at the menu and write down our order as instructed by the sign on the table.  She's in the back cooking so I go in the back to give her the order and she takes it, that wasn't hard at all.  Sit back down and pour ourselves some water and we're set.  Now for the food:Meat Jun:  This is the best meat jun I have ever eaten... way better than Young's or Dong Yang.  The meat is super soft and the taste is just perfectly balanced.  I'm not even a huge fan of meat jun but i loved this stuff!Bulgogi - Had this as a combo with the meat jun.  It's good and has the pefect balance of sweet and salty...but next time i come i'm ordering a full meat jun plate.Kim Chee Jun -  Best one I've eaten so far and the sauce for it is pertect, it's not too overpowering.  Now I was kinda sad cause the first thing i read on the menu was no noodle or fried rice dishes between 11am-2pm...I guess i'll have to come back during dinner because I really want to try the kim chee fried rice now!.  They really need to put half stars on here, I would give it 4 and a half but i'm going to round up since the food was so good!On a side note, parking isn't the best here, I was lucky to find a metered stall on the street.  Yes the food is a little pricey but you get what you pay for.  If you want something cheap go eat at Chodangs!
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,6/7/2011,164,88,8,9,8>Ok, let's start with the obvious. THE NAME IS GOOFY. BUT! don't let that deter you for checking this place out. Deep in the heart of Koreamoku, this new spot is easily the perfect replacement for the much loved and very much missed Satura Cakes. The decor, both upstairs and downstairs is amazing. Quite modern with a touch of high end. This seems like the perfect place to sit and chill for a bit. Parking is amazingly abundant, but we actually walked up the street from Ala Moana. Trust me, it's not THAT far. As far as the food, it was quite good. I had the Cobb omelette (chicken, bacon, bleu cheese & avocado) and my homie Des had the waffles with frozen yogurt. The omelette was good and filling. Lots of chicken and bacon found throughout. The egg was light and fluffy; good omelette material. I also ordered a Caramel Macchiato and was quite surprised at the quality. It was more sweet, with a hint of coffee found, but definitely sippable throughout. The decor definitely keeps you relaxed and in a mood where you forget at you're even in the midst of the Keeaumoku hustle and bustle. The goofy part of it all was that the part that really didn't keep to the standards was the yogurt itself. I'm pretty sure once they get a few more months under their belt (as of 12/27/10, they've only been open a month), it'll start to get better. GREAT service, GREAT decor, PRETTY GOOD food, GOOFY name. Giving this my highest recommendation: this place is the new hang out spot.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2010,6/6/2011,212,76,11,8,7>Had a mini-yelp gathering today with Chris O. and Brandon Y. to get our Inferno's virginity taken away as a team. So expect another 2 reviews to follow from those 2 guys. In fact, I think it'd be a lot funner if we had a team name for us 3... suggestions anyone? OK OK OK the review... with any place that's as hyped as it can get, I expect the gods to be making my food.  I mean Inferno's has been the "Hot on Yelp" since the beginning of time for me (that's like, 2 months ago?!) and just scrolling through the reviews I see a bunch of 5 star red lines, it's like I'm going looking through a roster for Communist Generals!Yes this place is awesome food. Yes the pizza can't be beat! Yes it's a good deal!  I won't even bother yelping about it, because I'll just sound like the 16372 other people who are praising the house Inferno's like a religion. What I will say is that with "great pizza there comes great responsibility... to serve beer." I can't help but be bothered by the bums and loud trucks that roll bye while enjoying my meal.  I can't help but think about how the 2 man job here leaves a bit to be desired in terms of cleanliness.  I can't help but imagine how much more awesome this place would be in a nicer setting and with cold beers as an option.  I sort of doubt I could BYOB either, I mean drinking in a parking lot during broad daylight?!  I might as well join the local bum community or go back to my high school days!5+ stars for the food. -1 for the setting, lack of alcoholic options, and small window of opportunity that this place leaves you with in order to enjoy their pizza. Infernos!
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,6/5/2011,72,79,12,6,7>I am  confident with my masculinity.....I am  confident with my masculinity...I am  confident with my masculinity....I am  confident with my masculinity....I am  confident with my masculinity....Sometimes you have to mix things up, take control, step out of the comfort zone and go to a girly shop and try to act normal.   I have to say this is a really cute boutique store ( and I know my boutiques! )  It has all shabby chic furniture in here (which I like) and girls clothes.  I did not really pay attention to the clothes too much because I know my wife's style and this is not it ....but I really liked the furniture and the way the place smelt.  I asked the girl if she sells the smell here and she pointed to these bags of sachet that were Italiano(which I am fond of anything from Italy) and it had pictures of lavender (which is one of my favorite flowers) and they were 50% off, which came out to about 5 bucks for the 4 packs that I bought.  Now I think I will go smoke a cigar and watch some MMA.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,6/4/2011,275,84,5,11,6>Finally came back to Amuse to take advantage of the wine bar deal: on Mondays & Wednesdays, pay $25 and get $50 in wine bar credit, only to be used on servings of wine (not food). Tip of advice - if this is your first time and you have to get a card, an additional $2 charge will be applied. Another tip - there is also an automatic additional $3 gratuity charge, so keep that in mind if you happen to have a credit card bill. (Essentially you're now paying $28 or $30 for $50. Still a good deal.) The wine selections were ... ok, I'm not gonna pretend I know much about wine, but for *me*, this is probably the most efficient way to get to try a bunch of different wines without buying the entire bottle. So I enjoyed it. Tried a couple merlots and cabernets, which went well. The other reason I wanted to come to Amuse was for the $5 Happy Hour appetizers. Available from 5 - 7pm nightly, the menu includes appetizer portions of the following (don't remember em all, but I'll give it a shot):- Steamed Mini "Puas" (4 tiny-sized char siu bao buns)- Asian Sliders (made with hoisin glazed pork)- Grilled Cheese Sandwich- Three Cheese Pizza (thin crust)- Veggie Spring Rolls (4, with lettuce leaves & sweet chili sauce)- Stage Frites (fries with BBQ seasoning/salt, with ketchup & garlic aioli sauce)- Edamame ... and I'm sure I've missed a couple.The Three Cheese Pizza was pretty standard - not outstanding, but still good. The fries were VERY good! Thin ones that were awesome with the garlic aioli sauce - I couldn't stop eating them. The veggie rolls were good - cooked perfectly with a subtle flavor that was good with the chili sauce. For $5, the veggie spring rolls were a good deal.The thing I like most about Amuse is the ambience, vibe and feel, though. I feel as though Amuse represents the term "lounge" very well, especially the low seating area as you first walk in. The higher tables & chairs give it more of a bar feel, but still, a very nice design of the place. Although it was fairly busy, the noise level was conducive for conversation without needing a bullhorn. Party nights and lively atmospheres are awesome, but every one could use that chill lounge set every now and again. The servers and bartenders are always very helpful and accomodating to you (though, the $3 additional gratuity is a little sneaky) and contributes to the chill vibe. Drawbacks: pricey on nights other than Monday & Wednesday; limited happy hour times; gets busy on occasion and table space is limited, so ordering a mess of food all at once will probably be an unwise decisionPositives: the vibe, the workers - the Amuse "experience"; happy hour specials on food (all days) & wine card purchases/reloads (Mon/Wed only); easy parking; wide selection of wine for the not-as-experienced wine drinker like meAmuse, in my eyes, is a perfect place to talk to someone that you want to get to know better over a couple/several/handful/choose-your-own-vague-­counter glasses of wine ... or just to enjoy a handful of different wines and getting to almost play a game just tasting different types.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,6/3/2011,212,161,39,63,44>The bf and I came here for a couple's massage since I got the groupon (which was a fabulous deal).  We both booked the hour-long massage and I couldn't wait!!  It had been sooooo long since I got to be pampered with a spa massage.  Plus, I was stoked to be able to take the bf for a real spa experience.  I didn't know what to expect because the spa is located right across from Sports Authority and Ross on Ward Ave and looks pretty unassuming from the outside.  But once you walk in, it's the total spa experience.  There's a little cubby for you to tuck your shoes away and change into house slippers or go barefoot, if you wish.  I chose to go barefoot since I have a slight problem with sticking my feet into shoes someone else wore.  But my feet stayed clean!!We were ushered into a waiting area where they served us water as we filled out our questionnaires.  We were also able to choose from a menu of add-ons and we both got the foot scrub.  Then we were being whisked away into a room where we were soon getting ready for PURE BLISS!  The massage was heavenly.  My masseuse was not afraid to apply pressure and I felt all my stress melting away.  The hour went by way too soon.  It was like a slap in the face when I felt that familiar tap letting me know my hour of bliss was over.  But they more than made it up to me with the yummy tea they serve.  (It was so good that I drank both my cup and the bf's!)
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,6/2/2011,1394,153,11,19,18>BURGER BURGER!!! Let me just tell y'all that grass fed beef is the way to go!!  I LOVE this place!! First off, they are super friendly, and brand new!  They really pride themselves in the quality of meat, having everything fresh, and just a premium burger all around.  They also know how to cook the burger to perfection.  Juicy, perfectly cooked every time!I always get the make your own burger.  I LOVE their wheat bread!! It's made fresh for them and it definitely withstands sauces better than the other breads.   I always get the cheeseburger with pepper jack cheese and avocado.  And grilled/caramelized onions come standard on all their burgers which would normally be an extra charge anywhere else.The single XL burger is actually pretty big!! SO people wondering about "where the beef"  trip me out because every single burger my friends or I've had have been pretty large!Also a tip - their sweet potato fries are fresh, made in house, just when you order, tell them you want it double fried.  Then it comes out super crispy and SO good inside!!  I agree with another Yelper that they should add special dipping sauces because sweet potato fries are SO good with some kind of aioli!!I can't wait to try the truffle fries and the shakes!! I will definitely be back here!! Finally, good quality, healthier burgers, cooked to perfection!!! YES PLEASE!!! LOVE IT!!!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,6/1/2011,588,341,9,17,14>Let me just entice you with some food-porn cause I swear just about every time a new dish was dropped off at our table all I could do (besides snap pics of course) was oooh and aaah!  We just about had to sell someone's first-born to convince Morio to allow a party of 8 to do omakase when calling a week in advance for reservations but the promise of drinks for the chef helped get our foot in the door.  First of all, when you're cruising Kuhio looking for Morio's, don't expect a big fancy flashing sign or a hostess or anything to guide you to the promised-land.  In fact, expect to ask yourself, am I in the right place, cause the sign says something about vegetarian health sandwiches? ... later I discovered the space is somehow shared by a sandwich/health store in back.  Once we got settled in and drinks were flowing, we were the happy recipients of about ten or more succulent dishes...Salad and soybeans to start, then the foodgasms really began!Raw lobster, served in the shell - a first for me! Sweet and soft:yelp.com/biz_photos/00DX…and a gorgeous platter of assorted sashimi, my absolute favorite was the salmon, very buttery:yelp.com/biz_photos/00DX…Next came oysters topped with green onion and a ponzu-like sauceyelp.com/biz_photos/00DX…Then, clams in a steaming, delicious broth:yelp.com/biz_photos/00DX…and two (!) impressively huge platters of nigiri:yelp.com/biz_photos/00DX…Overall though, my favorites hands-down were the dungeness crab:yelp.com/biz_photos/00DX…and the lobster soup:yelp.com/biz_photos/00DX…No words exist to describe the scrumptious-ness (see...there's a word I just had to make up for this!) so just enjoy drooling over those photos.  We also had uni and Morio even had  a plate of "dessert" for us ... christmas cookies ... lol.  After all of this, we were prepared to shell out an arm and a leg, but the bill came and we all felt like were in the twilight zone - let's just say VERY REASONABLE.   Check this one out, he even does gift certificates - gift-wrapped! (pretty please click on the link for a good laugh):yelp.com/biz_photos/00DX…What's not to LOVE? (except the limited seating) Thank you Morio for a delicious night!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,5/31/2011,111,225,6,11,7>MUST try once in your life. This is for the people who truly appreciate all aspects of the dining experience as well as an artwork bonus! For a special occasion, because it is definitely a splurge ($50 a head). First, location. Right diagonally across from the old Aku Bone Grill. If you're lucky, come early and find parking in front of the restaurant. There are two seatings, 6 and 830 pm, so you gotta get reservations and come early. This place has been open for 3 weeks, so its fairly new. The room has got a modern, minimalist appeal, with counter space shaped in a rectangle. In the middle there is a crew of five who are constantly working to prepare the dishes. They are preparing their dishes all day so that when they are preparing each course, they are pulling them out of tupperware containers, already ready to go. You can watch them preparing it in front of you, so you know you can trust them. Not only trust them, but you can have a good time with these guys as well. The head chef, Yoshi is so friendly. Actually all of them are. They are all smiles, joking around in Japanese and English. They provide good service, easily summoned, and will take the time to explain what you are eating. Mr. Yoshi Matsumoto is the head chef, and he comes up with the new menu monthly. The menu changes every last Thursday. The part of kaiseki that excites me most is that you never know what you are getting. Its a surprise every time! There is a deliberate attention to details, including the arrangement of food, the dishes, and the way that the waiter turns the maccha several times before he presents it to me or the care they take in sprinkling just the right amount of condiment on top. Its the subtleties that can go undetected that make it so much fun to keep an eye out for. Dishes come out at a nice pace, and paired with some nihon-shu (sake) this is heaven on a Monday if I ever knew it. The two and a half hours easily fly by. NOW the food. Sorry but they explained this to me all verbally so I can't remember everything. Started off with a chawanmushi type dish, with uni on top and hints of edamame flavor. Next was an asami chicken dish placed in a beautifully polished shellfish shaped dish, amai tamago sushi with assorted ingredients, and assorted vegetables. The suinomono (clear soup) with watercress and fish was so comforting. Their version of poke with sprouts, along with yamaimo sauce that was used to either dip or put on top of the sashimi. Then there was this chicken tempura thing in a thick, viscous sauce, renkon with veggie garnish on top; chef Yoshi described it like a type of sandwich.  SOO good. Mixture of hot and cold dishes. Next, cold nasubi, tempura-like okra, with crunched up ebi atama (shrimp head bits). Ended with uku (fish) chazuke, with tsukudani and kinpira that when I dumped it in turned it all pink/purple. Easily the best part of the meal, dessert! You gotta order it for an extra 8 dollars. You drink traditional maccha (green tea) the frothy, bitter kind that they drink at tea ceremonies. Paired with a tiny coconut macaroon, almond flavored souffle with lilikoi creme to add some tang. The sweet and bitter combined in my mouth was AMAZING.And I couldn't help but notice the beautifully crafted dishes. This is not to be overlooked. Cute turtle dishes, intricate designs, quirky little man hanging off the sides of my sake cup, bowl and more. Nanzan is an artist who is doing a collaboration with the restaurant to try to break into the Hawaii scene here. So if you see something you like when you're eating, or in the front gallery, you can actually order it! They have some things in stock. And don't forget the chopsticks. The sharpest, thinnest chopsticks I ever did see, but it makes it so easy to pick up the tiniest morsel of food. Kyoto - style! I am so curious to see what's up next month. I hear glassware is going to be featured next month, possibly. This could get addicting. dangerously addicting. Japanese cuisine in its finest hour. AHHHH!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,5/30/2011,295,401,28,23,24>Why didn't I think of this business??!? Who's not a sucker for musubis with the finest ingredients and made into an edible package??Mana Bu's offers tons of selections of the musubis which will satisfy any taste.  I came here on a Saturday mid-morning and picked up some Hijiki Mix, 10 grain rice ($1.50) musubis. Perfectly made with the right amount of salt. I could have eaten a few of these but gotta restrain myself! Check out all the different flavors like Curry Veggie and teri Spam. Look for the Baskin Robbins 31 Flavors parking lot and go get your carb fix on!Only if I had a taco truck and drive around with this stuff, I would be a thousandaire!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,5/29/2011,256,225,7,40,15>THINGS YOU WILL NEED:- Backpack  (pack very lighty)- Gloves (weightlifting/fishing gloves)- Water - Flashlight (it is impossible to get through the bamboo forest without a flashlight)- Good shoes with traction (the stairs are wet and the last thing you need is you slipping and falling off the mountain)- Waterproof/windproof jacket (it can rain and it is usually windy)- Granola bar or something small to eat at the top (you need the energy)______________________________________GETTING TO THE STAIRS:My friends and I left at 2:30AM, we were there at about 2:45AM. Although past reviews have said that the guard is there at 5:30, the guard is now usually there as early as 3:30AM (we reached the actual staircase at 3:15AM and while walking up, we looked back and saw the security guard already at the tent). To get to the gate, you will want to get on the Likelike, and get onto Kahekili Hwy. Stay in your farthest left lane and look to the left for 'HAIKU VILLAGE'. This is the residential area you will want to be at. When you turn into Haiku Village, keep going straight on Kahuhipa Street, then you will turn left at Kuneki Street. Follow the street and it should intersect with Makena Street, this is where you want to be. Park your car, but PLEASE make sure you do not block any cars or garages and *BE EXTREMELY QUIET*. The neighbors have been complaining of noise (thus being the reason why the security is a lot more tight now at the stairs). At the corner of Makena & Kuneki Street there will be a gate, it is locked. THIS IS WHERE YOUR ILLEGAL (but at the end beautiful) ENDEAVOR BEGINS. You can enter (jump over) to the right of the gate, you'll know because it's ruined by previous hikers. Turn on your flashlight, there are barbwires and after it rains it'll be muddy and you can slip.After getting through the gate, you will go left into the bamboo forest, follow the trail. You will go through two bamboo forests. After the first one, you will come across a clearing/road, just keep going and then you will enter the 2nd bamboo forest, there is a trail, just follow that. The bamboo trees will help you get through the muddy terrain (especially after it rains), because bamboo is very strong. Be careful when walking through the forest, there are little stubs of bamboo and you may fall. Take your time.After, you will come across a fence. When my friends and I reached the fence, we tried to look for an opening, but all the openings were covered up with wires. If there is no opening, you can jump over if you want, but it's pretty high, so we managed to take some wires out (with gloves) and we all squeezed through. After getting through, we walked down a road more and then you will see the guard tent to the right... if the guard is not there, hurry up and get to the stairs (remember the guard is there as early as 3:30AM now). We made it to the stairs at 3:15AM. You know you are in the right place when the H3 Freeway is right above you. Walk under and you will see the fence to the stairs, you can walk around the gate and then you are at the beginning of the stairs!Put your gloves on. Make sure your shoes are tied well. Put your jacket on. I recommend turning OFF your flashlights while on the stairs, the moon should give enough lighting to see the stairs, also because if the guard sees flashlights, he may chase you down or worse, call the cops... and you don't want that do you?THE STAIRS:There are 4 platforms, I believe. The hardest part for me was the beginning of the hike, getting to the 1st platform, it definitely takes the longest to get to. I had a panic attack and took forever, but after you reach the 1st platform and look down at the H3 (that was once above your head at the very beginning), you realize how beautiful and exciting this is... and you WILL continue. After the first platform, the rest of the platforms are not that far apart from each other at all. Make sure to use these platforms to catch a breath, drink some water, and take pictures. It's beautiful! If you have to pee, pee at the corner somewhere, away from the trail and where people are least likely to step.There are a few sections of the stairs that are very steep (especially before the summit): TAKE YOUR TIME, make sure your foot is stable on something before putting your entire weight on the foot, just to be safe. But the stairs are very intact!THE TOP IS AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL!Walking down is way faster. When you reach the bottom, you WILL get a hard lecture from the security guard and he will make you walk the LONG way back to the car, but he will show you the path. Apparently cops wait outside and they give citations with COURT DATES, not just fees now. But we didn't see any as we exited the gate. But we hurried back to the car anyway.Just be respectful, pick up rubbish on the trail, be quiet, and don't piss off the neighbors! HAVE FUN! TAKE PICTURES! THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL HIKE!!! WORTH IT ALL!!!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,5/28/2011,328,504,7,11,8>I'm sure if I was a kid and walked into this store, I would definitely think I'd gone to heaven.......CANDY heaven that is =)  I mean let's face it, THIS store has to be the mecca of all candy stores for kids.....at least at Kahala Mall.  I'm sure I'd be oohing and aahing at all the wonderful candies I could get my hands on if I was a kid.  I think I'd pretty much want to get my hands on everything!  Alas, those thoughts are the past and I when I did walk into this store a few days ago, my first thoughts were regarding weight gains, cavities, and cholesterol.  Ahh the mind of an adult.  To be a kid just one more time.......My mission on this recent visit was to look for M&M's to be used as favors at an upcoming party I'm hosting.  The colors I was specifically looking for (for lack of a better example) are similar to the Punahou School colors.  Thankfully, they do have a very extensive selection of M&M's, and I was just relieved they had what my friend and I were looking for.  We had calculated we needed 33 oz. of blue and 16 oz of yellow to fit the party favor jars we had purchased.  Since we had pre-determined our portions, we looked for a scale to use.  Simply put there wasn't a scale available for customer use on the salesfloor so we went to the counter to ask one of the workers for help and she willingly obliged.  She was quite helpful and she actually filled candy bags and weighed them herself.  And just for everyone's info, the price for M&M's is $13.00/lb.   Unfortunately, I didn't take take the time to carefully look over their candy selection, but it looked like they must have had every kind of popular candy out there plus they have icee drinks and popcorn too.Bottom Line:  Wide selection of candies.  Helpful workers.  Great customer service.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,5/27/2011,236,241,5,7,7>let me start by saying i am a HUGE fan of brunch!  i think it's because i enjoy breakfast food a lot and an opportunity to eat it at any time of the day is really exciting to me ("breakfast for dinner" is like my favorite meal concept... i'm simple, what can i say?).  since i'm such a brunch fan, i'd been dying to try this place forEVER.  finally got the chance to today, when i headed over to market city with a friend for a late lunch.  i was nervous because i had heard cafe kaila always has a long wait but i guess when you go at 1 PM, the bfast crowd has died down.  :)  we didn't have to wait at all!  the venue is adorable!  super clean and fresh looking.  loved the blue glass bottles with roses in them at every table!  i loved the crowd too!  VERY brunch - old and young couples, groups of friends all dressed up for saturday-night-recap-gossip-sessions - super fun to just look around and take in the scene.  i had the breakfast wrap with portuguese sausage.  a little small for the price (~$10) but was probably just the right amount of food to avoid a post-meal nap.  the staff was super friendly - checked in on us a lot and kept our waters filled. :Dmy only complaints:1)  parking was rough while we were there.  had to drive around a few times but maybe there might have been more spots open on the bottom level?2)  no bathroom in the restaurant.  had to use the communal market city one which was a little udgy.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,5/26/2011,125,88,8,18,9>Broadway Seafood & Oyster Bar is located at the old Go Shi Go location next door to Salon Glitter. Few tips: they have parking in the rear of the restaurant. Currently they don't have a liquor license so it's BYOB. They are applying for their license but I think its only for beer & wine. I don't think they're bringing in sake (maybe they'll still let you bring it in sake after their liquor license comes in - just ask). Luckily we went with a group of 5 so we had a chance to try a lot of things. We started off with a half dozen raw oysters on the half shell. They have 7 or 8 different varieties of oysters all from Canada or Washington. Chef Abe said they bring them in 2-3 times a week. We tried 3 different ones, I got the Kumamoto one. It was slightly sweet with a mild flavor - very fresh & delish! Everyone else seemed to like their oysters. The Fanny Bay seemed to be the favorite of everyone that tried it. Next we had the fried oysters. Most people thought it tasted like fish sticks. I thought it tasted like...a fried oyster. Go figure. We also did the panko crusted oysters and the oyster Rockefeller. These came in larger oysters and were covered with stuff. The panko crusted oyster had a thick crust and a light flavor to it. What I really thought was special was the oyster Rockefeller. It was covered in a cheesy spinach, garlic top. This one was full of flavor! I wanted to use the cheesy topping as a dip w/ chips - so ono! Our last course was the seafood curry gratin. The curry had shrimp, calamari, and of course oysters. It was served over rice and covered in cheese. The seafood flavor definitely came through in the curry. I thought it was pretty good. Everyone else loved it. Actually, the chef did comp us a shrimp dish that was not on the menu. He gave it to Kelly for making the reservation. I didn't get to try it but those that did really liked it. Lindsey also dipped her bread in the sauce because it was that good. Overall the food is fresh & tasty. The menu is heavily oyster based so I would highly recommend it to oyster lovers. It's a great place to share with others too. So if your significant other likes oysters, bring him/her over to Broadway Seafood & Oyster Bar, rent a room and go to town! We just don't want to see videos online! ;)
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,5/25/2011,2265,40,27,10,9>OMG!     LOOK!    LOOK! Just look at all these faithless non-believers of New Year's Resolutions standing in front of me in this long ass line and taking up space at an ice cream shop!Everything is great here! I'm the wrong person to ask really about particulars since I was born in a perpetual state of pregnancy food cravings... No really you could walk me in blindfolded and go ini mini miny moe and order whatever, throw in some crayons and a coloring book and I'm a good little well behaved boy for about 10 minutes in the corner.Can't go wrong with Mochi ice cream though... but getting back to my favorite subject(ME), I really do think they should stab the mochi ice with a chopstick cuz a fork just doesn't do it. I forgot where I saw them do it but a stabbed Mochi Ice cream is super easy to eat, you just gnaw away at the edges without getting your fingers all floury.... this technique is kind of like how I eat Cheetos with chopsticks so I don't get the orange crap on my fingers while snacking on the computer... which is also like when George from Seinfeld eats a snickers bar with a knife and fork... hahahahaha...All this talk has made pregnant cravings come again... someone go next door to Papa John's and order a pizza so I can pour this milkshake over it and eat it...
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,5/24/2011,187,273,7,19,15>Yay!! I'm the first reviewer.... well, I better be since I added this business to yelp. So, I was craving kava (Yes, you read "craving") and my friends had told me about this place. All they told me was that it was cross from HCC and by "club something". I drove past there several times, but couldn't find it. But the other day, I finally seen the sign!! YES!! Okay, let me first say that I never use to like Kava before, but now I just drink it for the feeling rather than the flavor. The only other places on yelp that says that sells kava is "diamond head cove" and "kava roots". Daya, the owner is awesome. When my bf and I walked in we were only going to pick up a bag to bring home with us, but after talking to him for awhile we decided to stay and share a bowl. Because we only purchased one bowl to share and it was our first time there, he offered us another bowl of kava which was half powder (the one we purchased) and the other half fresh. (He actually grinds the kava at this business and packages it and distributes it to other stores.) I will tell you that there is a BIG difference in flavor and you can feel your tongue and mouth get numb almost immediately. We ended up staying there a lot longer than we intended to because Daya was so kind as to refilling our drinks (for free) and even letting us try some of his Fijian food that he had made. I will most definitely be coming back here. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday evenings people come in to play music and to just enjoy kava. He also does a buffet of food for $10.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2010,5/23/2011,230,197,11,5,8>I give it 3 1/2 stars.  As a 40 year old, I just cannot do buffets anymore -- I don't think I can out eat the price of the buffet.  Recently, I went to Vegas and did that deal where you pay $50 and try to eat as much as you can in 24 hours at the particular chain of hotels (Paris, Planet Hollywood, Rio, etc.).  I just now threw up in my mouth thinking about that.  What a ginormous mistake THAT was. Well, let me tell you that I like this place better than Makino Chaya and in some ways more than Todai.  This is just comparing apples to apples - buffets.  Makino Chayo (haven't tried the Hello Kitty (wth?) version yet) has gone to pot.  Todai has a voluminous somewhat good sushi spread but the other food is not good.  Tsukiji has a small spread of some sushi like ahi, salmon and shrimp nigri (they're tiny) and some maguro maki, but no ikura, masago, hamachi, unagi, for example, and no sashimi.  This is probably to keep costs down.    What the place is good for is the rest of the general offerings.  The selection and quality are pretty solid: Asian chicken salad, soba, tofu and crab patties, curry, fish jun, kalbi, lots of fish cake in soup, kimchi fried rice, udon and ramen.  Again, it's not fine dining, but it's pretty good for a volume place.  They also have decent desserts, lots of fruit and even an Asian shave ice station where you can add the condensed milk and red beans.    Here's the secret to this place:  do you have a fat kid 5 years or younger that loves kalbi?  Do you want your kid 5 years or younger to like kalbi?  Kids 5 years and under are free.  For lunch, adults are $20.99 and kids 6-10 are half price.  But guess what?  My 4 year old LOVES kalbi.  Have you seen the price of kalbi at the markets?  Have you seen what Yummy's charges for it's kalbi plates?  It's like over $10 for one plate and maybe 2 slabs of short ribs.  FREE KALBI.  I'm sure Tsukiji does not think my kid can eat so much that he would make anything but a de minimis impact.  And they would be wrong.  I'm telling you, braddah had kalbi bones everywhere, and to boot he must have eaten like 8 watermelon slices.  Have you seen watermelon prices?  You got lots of keiki, bring em here.  Thanks for helping the economy, Tsukiji.  I hope the owners are not reading this and change their policy to a height limit because my kid is pretty tall.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,5/22/2011,419,552,7,10,7>4.75 stars!  No vampires here for sure!  Garlic reins supreme.Dinned here in celebration of a friends' birthday.  Have never been before and always heard great things.  The electric blue lights I often see in passing are always alluring.  Atmosphere & service: 4.5.We ordered two appetizers, the escargot and the ahi with avacado stack.  Both dishes, of course, were infused with garlic and pretty much to die for.  We then proceeded to have the tomatoe and mozarella salad which was your usual fair, but the beefy tomatoes were substantial and the olive oil just tasted better.  Appetizers:  5 stars.Our party of four ordered:  The King Crab pasta; The mushroom pasta; and I shared the Mushroom Risotto with saffron.  Yeah, not the usual standbys they are noted for, but all dishes were ample and delivered fine flavors.  Everyone ended their entrees extremely satisfied.  Entrees:  4.5 stars.Dessert was the cheesecake and the garlic ice cream with honey and vanilla.  Nice!  You could definitely taste the garlic in the ice cream, though the honey and vanilla smoothed it out nicely.  Dessert:  5 stars.Thanks to Kit N. for treating us to an unusual find.  A lot of garlic behind these doors and a surprising Zen atmosphere to boot.  We look forward to returning and having the much hyped rib eye and the garlic toast.Tally:  4.5+5+4.5+5= 19/4 = 4.75 stars!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,5/21/2011,213,426,5,14,7>I've been a fan of a foot massage during a pedi or from the hubby after a long day of work but paying for a reflexology treatment vs. a regular massage?  Hmm.  Well, the prices and Yelp reviews looked good, and I was able to get an appointment pretty quickly so I gave it a whirl.  This place is SUPER hard to find.  Park at the Waikiki Trade Center (they validate) and cross Kuhio.  It's behind what used to be Jack In The Box but is now a boarded up storefront.  I selected the 45 minute reflexology treatment which included the calves in addition to feet.  I was seated in a comfy chair, brought some delicious tea, and told to soak my feet in hot tea.  Then Justin worked his magic for the next luxurious 45 minutes.  Dang, I totally should have booked the hour!  Oh well.  Brain wasn't planning to work anytime soon, I was relaxed and when it was over my happy feet felt like they were drunk.   I didn't experience the pain and agony of other Yelpers, but the strong pressure was fabulous.  I don't know how someone can massage feet all day and converse like a happy person but Justin, you rock!  Total came to only $47 after tax.  They offer kama'aina discounts and stamp cards, as well as validated parking in WAIKIKI!!!   Super happy feet!  Relaxed body!   Can't wait till my next visit!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,5/20/2011,56,361,6,13,8>Frostcity serves desserts that are both total delicate eye candies and stomach candies.  Yummy beauty in every bite.  I needed to have lots of bites.Yes I'm giving it 5 stars. But I will not admit to jumping on the bandwagon...not my thing. But good food, relaxed atmosphere, great service--that's my thing. But I know, if it looks like a duck, quacks like a duck...must be ready to be turned into duck confit?! Anyway...I tasted the HAUPIA, STRAWBERRY, AND WATERMELON frosts the other day as takeout and they were good, but out of a styrofoam container 30 minutes later, little melty...well, it was good, but I wasn't sure it was 5 stars.  But it was definitely enough to pique my interest for more.Tonight, after a nice small bowl of hot pho we decided to finally hit up this place because I really wanted something sweet, but not too decadent or heavy. So we got there and there was maybe one other person.  Pretty empty, plenty of parking.  By the time we left at like 8:30pm on a Saturday the place was packed!  So it comes in waves so just be patient if it's crowded.  It's worth the wait. Got the HAUPIA, GUAVA, AND PINEAPPLE.  I think the GUAVA might be my favorite; subtle, light and sweet, without being overbearing.  I will admit, it doesn't scream guava, so if you're looking for a Meadow Gold Guava Nectar in a spoon, go to Times with a spoon.  And if you want ice cream or cake or something heavy, go to Bubbies or somewhere else.  Leave the frosts for people who really appreciate the finer things in life. And the updated flavor list includes, with photos of the eye candy: PEAR: yelp.com/biz_photos/mbHc…PEANUT: yelp.com/biz_photos/mbHc…STRAWBERRY: yelp.com/biz_photos/mbHc… WATERMELON: yelp.com/biz_photos/mbHc…CANTALOUPE: subtle fruit flavor; I might not guess it's cantaloupeAZUKI: light flavor but not as light and fluffy as the fruity ones but it still has a deliMy favorite is probably watermelon right now--this batch is so delicious: it has a fresh sweet to it. I definitely prefer the fruits.  But, the peanut one is perfect if you're in for a little indulgence.The menu's pretty self explanatory and they are really helpful if you ask.  Lots of flavors--you can only get one flavor on a plate, unless it's a premixed flavor, which they run out of fast.  I'm waiting for the summer to try the MANGO flavor during mango season, since this is all made with real fruit.  Right now it's not season so I think they put some syrup on top to enhance the flavor.The small is $4.75 and the regular is $6.  My advice: SKIP THE SMALL, GET THE REGULAR!The small is a nice size but you don't get as much fun toppings/fruit and by the time you get to the bottom  you want your next one.  I will admit that I thought wow that seems pretty steep for a little dessert so we just ordered a small to share.  Well, 3 plates later, I said, well sure enough that was steep since it cost about as much as dinner, but I was sure happy.  And I'd do it again and again.  Except I'd order the Regular sizes!  So yes, you can blow $20 here and not even notice.  This isn't your cheap-o snack shop.There's some 10% off coupon for one regular order if you like them on facebook--instructions are in the store you can use on your smartphone (1) like on facebook (2) go to insto.re/frostcity to claim the coupon (3) you have to allow a third party into your privacy settings and then I don't know what's next.  Sorry, my views on facebook privacy settings don't crack for a 10% coupon, but if it floats your boat, wanted to let you know.  I wish they'd have a YELP COUPON instead!Stella and Elizabeth are super nice and helpful and make you just want to keep coming back!  We may have surprised Elizabeth when we asked for our third flavor of the night...whoops, what can I say, we were on a role.  And then we got one to go, but to be fair, it was a gift for the queen of Frostcity...LOCATION TIP: if you're approaching on King from Hawaii Kai side, turn right into the little parking lot after Blimpies/Ezogiku or whatever that strip is after you cross over University.  If you're approaching on King from the other side (from Maharani, Jimbos) going towards Hawaii Kai, then you can make the little U-turn BEFORE the University traffic light and zoom into the parking lot.CREDIT CARDS: i think they take all major credit cards (Visa, MC, Amex, Discover, JBC) for purchases over a $10. So if you don't hit the minimum, just eat more. But just beware that I think it charges as LUCKY KNOT and not FROSTCITY (in case you are trying to get reward points/cash back for food).OTHER FOOD: I haven't tried them but I'd love to try a boba from them and some of their other soup desserts.  For next ti
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,5/19/2011,473,75,10,26,12>Terra is a new Japanese hair salon/spa that just opened recently. It is located on Pensacola street right behind The Wedding Ring Shop. You can either look for street parking or get validated parking in the parking lot behind Gyukaku and Pancake house. My friend told me that celebrities like Ayumi Hamasaki go to the one in Japan so I decided to check it out!I decided to try out their eyelash extensions since they were pretty cheap ($100) compared to other places which are much more expensive. Rena is their eyelash extension person. She is very nice and explained all about the different types of styles they can do. You can choose from either "cute" ,  "sexy" or "glamorous" look. You also choose whether you want thick or thin lashes, or "J" or "C" curve. The difference between J and C is that C is more curved but it doesn't last as long as J because J curve can be placed a little bit closer to the root of your lashes. Or you can customize and mix and match the styles to however you want.  I decided to get the "Cute" look with a mix of thick and thin lashes with the "J' curve. The whole process took about 2 hours. A long time but they individually attach the lashes to your natural lash. I really liked how my lashes turned out. They look very pretty and long but still natural looking! They make my eyes look like cute doll eyes. They're so nice that I go out of my way to find a mirror just so I can stare and blink at myself like a narcissist. The service here is very nice and friendly. Aya and Mei are also very nice.  I really liked the green tea and all the Japanese candy that they gave me. They also do massages, facials, haircuts and color and more. I can't wait to go back and get my hair cut and color. I will probably go in January so I will update this review after that!
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,5/18/2011,577,575,8,12,8>How did I not review this place earlier?  I must eat here at least 3 times a week.  I love that I can have brown rice and not have to pay extra.  If i'm feeling really unhealthy, I'll opt for the sushi rice, which is equally as good.  My go-to lunch is the spicy ahi bowl (#9).  Also comes with ginger (which I love) and green veggies :).  If you show your HPU student ID, you get miso soup and a box of salad! Plus, the salad comes with this excellent peanut tasting dressing.  This place is perfect when Im on the run because they get my order done so fast.  I think I go there too much because they can already predict what I'm going to order, and they always greet me with a smile.P.S. Riana S, the workers there are not Japanese, they're Korean.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,5/17/2011,89,131,6,9,7>I was going to a wedding and wanted to get my usually curly hair styled straight so I decided to check out Ryan Jacobie since the salon is conveniently located in my 'hood: Chinatown. I fell in love.I really appreciate that their shampoo area is in an extremely dim lit, cozy room. It adds to the heavenly experience of having your hair washed and your head massaged when you don't have to worry about too bright lighting, paranoid that your stylist is examining your every pore or whatever strange thoughts come to mind (or maybe that's just me). My stylist, Landon, asked me if I wanted to spend $10 more (wash & style is only $25) for a deep-conditioning treatment. I thought I was getting suckered on the upsell but I said "yes" anyway.While Landon was blow-drying and flat-ironing my hair, I was turned away from the mirror the entire time so I could watch TV. When he was done, he swiveled me around Voila!....I practically screamed...."oh my god my hair is so soft and glossy!!" It was AMAZING! I'm so glad he sold me on the treatment because it made a huge difference. And, my hair is still glossy and it should last for about a month; I highly recommend spending the extra $10.I will be returning frequently to visit this salon.Note: 4 stars only because I didn't get my hair cut that day. Overall experience was 5 stars though.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,5/15/2011,357,142,8,7,7>Well, it's almost the end of 2010, so I may as well share with you how impressionable I can be. Let the confession begin. I didn't really think about how painful waxing could be, so I said to myself: "Wow! This place has great reviews, and there's a special deal! I should go there." Looking back, those are perhaps the two dumbest reasons I have ever come up with. I guess I am that influenced by Yelp and sales...Anyway, I showed up and realized that this was not a stroll in the park type of fun. Olivia was very friendly, but I was honestly puzzled as to why I ever thought this was a good idea. But I couldn't back down. I was there and felt forced to commit. I wanted to bail so badly, but after Olivia's WONDERFUL pep talk, she convinced me to just try it. She should become a coach or an insurance sales rep, she can sell anything (even if it's painful, awkward, and scary). It was painful, but I have a feeling I went to the right person because I don't think this process will ever be painless. It was awkward, but Olivia is very professional (she called me a crybaby, but she is definitely right to do so). It was scary, but I will probably always be a scaredy cat so I need to deal with it. It still is a commitment that I must continue to uphold regularly yet it is worth it.I guess this story could have had a bad ending as some of my adventures do, but this is not the case. It is something first-timers should think about more than I did, but if you're anything like me and are easily influenced by Yelp and special offers, this may be your chance to find a wonderful esthetician-motivational speaker-comedian that goes by the name of Olivia.P.S. Oh yeah, and remember the other Yelpers advice: cash or check only. And if you suffer a great deal of pain and feel that you've overcome a life obstacle after you see Olivia, go celebrate at Sweet Home Café which is two doors down.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,5/14/2011,133,111,8,12,8>Bye bye New Year's resolution!  I was so excited to visit Soul that I ended up ordering the fried catfish and hush puppy plate (one of Soul's Indo-Latin specials) and the fried chicken ala carte with sweet tea.Parking is abysmal here and the sit down/ordering system is a tad flawed, but it's all about the food for me!  My co-workers and I walked up to the window with the intent on ordering and sitting outside, but Chef Sean came and ushered us into the indoor seating.  The decor is done in earthy tones and there are cheapish wooden tables with cute green place mats.  We sat and looked at the menu only to be told that we needed to go back outside to order.  It would have been more efficient (and just plain made sense) to take our order and then show us to our seats.  I was a little embarrassed because I had brought a salad intending to eat it with some of the famous fried chicken but abandoned that idea once we were actually seated inside.The sweet tea was awesome and Chef Sean refilled it for me quickly.  I really enjoyed the catfish and the hush puppies, but the highlight of the plate was the collard greens.  My eyes rolled heavenward as I took my first bite and I was sorely tempted to eat the chunk of pork fat that gave them their gorgeous, gorgeous flavor.  The vegetarian chili and cilantro cole slaw were sort of afterthoughts on the plate to me.Fried chicken can be ordered ala carte and I ordered two pieces for five dollars (they gave me three.  Score!).  All the chicken pieces (including the BBQ chicken my co-worker had) were chicken thighs.  If you like your chicken with a little sweet-savory thang going on, you'll like the chicken here.  I prefer my chicken with a bit more spice, so I'm probably going to stick to Popeye's for my fried chicken fix (yes, I do Love that Chicken at Popeye's).They do take credit cards, which is good because most meals are in the 16-20 dollar range.  The icky bathroom is shared with the other establishments (Sabrina's, Cafe Taj Mahal).  Go for the friendly service and the collard greens.  Another good thing is that it is possible to get in and out in less than an hour (essential for us office drones).  I will be back for more pork FAT!
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,5/13/2011,416,84,14,21,18>I had high expectations for Le Bistro.  Not only had I read so many good Yelp reviews, but a few of my friends had also raved about it.  One of those friends had a craving for their foie gras, so we set up a "date" and off to Le Bistro we went!What a quaint little place!  I don't venture to the east side of the island for cuisine very often, so I was a little surprised to find such a classy French restaurant in the Niu Valley Shopping Center, which let's be honest, is far from being aesthetically impressive.  Inside, the decor was tasteful and comfortable.  I sometimes feel a little intimidated by "fancier" restaurants, but didn't get that vibe when I walked in here.  We had reservations and were seated right away.  The staff was attentive and helpful, without being overbearing.  We ordered some wine and eagerly awaited our dinner while munching on the provided lavosh.We started off with, of course, the foie gras with red currants and quince and roasted bacon wrapped fig on a bed of dark greens.  Both were wonderful.  The foie gras did not disappoint, considering how much hype my date had built up around it.  It was well cooked and cut like butter.  The currants and quice complimented the flavor well and I was (--this close--) to ordering another just for myself.  The bacon wrapped fig was flavorful, smokey bacon and creamy sweet fig...mmm.My date ordered the lamb trio and I was lucky enough to snatch a bite of each dish.  All were fantastic!  If I had to pick my favorite, though, I would most definitely say the lamb pasta.  It was rich and creamy, with a hint of basil.  I ordered the beef quartet, filet mignon with port wine sauce, Côte de Boeuf - rib eye with beef marrow sauce, a Kobe slider with stilton and foie gras, and red wine and peppercorn braised short ribs.  Words just cannot describe... I was in heaven.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  The short ribs practically melted in my mouth and the the red wine and peppercorn sauce on it was so delicious I just wanted to lick the plate clean, but decided to maintain my ladylike composure.  The kobe slider was juicy and the foie gras and stilton added an incredible kick of flavor.  Now I'm thinking of how future sliders will just not compare.  I would normally say that the filet mignon would be my favorite, but this time I'm gonna have to say that it tied with the rib eye.  Both were just flawless, so juicy and tender.  Each of the sauces were onolicious.  Despite feeling the onslaught of that stuffed feeling you get when you eat too much, I just couldn't stop myself.  Great steak can be so hard to come by!  I don't know how, but I somehow managed to squeeze dessert in there too.  We ordered the creme brulee and caramel pear sundae.  I have quite a sweet tooth and am pretty easy to please with dessert, but I can honestly say both were superbly yummy.  It's pretty hard to go wrong with creme brulee, so I'm going to rave about the pear sundae.  The french vanilla ice cream was actually in a separate dish in the middle, surrounded by a dish each of whipped cream, chocolate, and what tasted like homemade caramel.  There was a half of a pear on the side, browned, warm, and just downright delicious with the ice cream and caramel.  Feeling warm from the wine and stuffed from the food, I left definitely convinced.I'm now one of those people raving about Le Bistro.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,5/12/2011,209,95,11,11,11>Three things:1.  I was sold when I read my Japanese friend's tweet about this place being delicious.2.  Yelp reviews were pretty unanimous: 4-Star average, rave reviews about the food, and when there were complaints they were what a high school mock trial team would classify as "circumstantial evidence" ... ok, not really -- I was just eager to use the phrase after reading the most recent news feed.  The complaints were minimal and more about seating, the long line, slippery floors, etc.3.  There was a lonnnnnngggg line of Japanese tourists at 11:15 (they open at 11).I'm not trying to be ethno-centric, but it's hard not to be when you're going to a Japanese restaurant that's at the epicenter of Hawaii/Honolulu tourism.  Beyond the question of why Japanese tourists frequent eateries that offer food they can get in Japan without handing over thousands of dollars to the Hawaii economy (Minnasan, domo arigatou gozaimashita for fixing the pot-holes and funding the local education system), it's more important to realize that Japanese tourists are finnicky and WILL let you know if your food sucks because they'll take 2 or 3 small bites, pay up and get the hell outta your sucky restaurant (oops, circumstantial evidence).This cash only establishment is a throw back to what I saw Udon and tempura to be when I've visited Japan: deliciously satisfying fast foods and snacks!  Sure, fast food in America connotes the Super Size Me documentary and toothless diners with three rolls of stomach fat folding over their Levi's, but this is truly a Japanese restaurant transplanted to America (more specifically, the Hawaiian islands that were unrightfully stolen by America -- but I love the USA!).You walk into what feels like a noodle/soup factory because there are white-clothed technicians everywhere.  The manufacturing begins with square slabs of white stuff that are fed into a machine that kneads and spreads out the pre-boiled udon noodles.  Then the noodles are magically cut into super long udon strands.  The raw noodles are thrown into nets that are then lowered in an aquarium of boiling water.  The magic happens after this step.Portioned amounts of noodles are re-boiled in a metal sieve thingamabob, then placed on this crazy, air drying/vacuum contraption that sucks all the water off the noodles.  There's so much attention to detail because they even preheat your bowl with the same boiling water that the noodles are cooked in.  You choose your type of udon soup, the size and whether it's hot or cold.  You choose your "sides" cafeteria style.  Think okazuya stuff: tempura vegetable fritters, mushrooms, sweet potatoes, shrimp, squid and chicken.  There's also several types of musubis if you need rice.The best part about this place is that it's super cheap (compared to other Japanese udon/ramen shops) and clean.  There was a super long line, but the wait is worth it.  I give the thumbs up to this place because even on a hot, sweltering day in paradise, I'll be more than happy to slurp up oodles of piping hot udon noodles.  I'm a finnicky eater and if I don't like the restaurant I will only take 2 or 3 bites of my food, pay up and get the hell outta the sucky restaurant.  Perhaps I'm Japanese and I didn't know it.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,5/11/2011,139,50,5,9,6>i usually don't write reviews on places that have been reviewed a gajillion times before me, because let's be honest, it's hard to have any original thoughts this far down the line. but to hell with it.. i'm going to review tokkuri-tei and you're all going to love it!seriously though, you're going to love it.. this would fall under my "holy shit" category of places to eat (yes, i will eventually make a list). tiny little hole in the wall place that's been there for centuries probably. service is fast and on it. what we ordered:yaki-torigeso kara agesoft shell crab chicken gizzardsclam soup (clear broth)natto maki w/ ume and yamaimotokujoe sushi platter (unagi, uni, hokkigai, otoro, hamachi, amaebi, spider roll)nigori (unfiltered sake)habu shu (snake in sake/whiskey)echigoWOW. just wow. everything came out fast and tasted AMAZING. i love how big their portions are for their sashimis, they really don't skimp. we saw the table next to us order the omakase sushi and i'm definitely getting that next time! the platters are a bit too much to eat on your own so do what we did and share it with a bunch of sides. you won't be disappointed, TRUST ME!
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,5/10/2011,237,127,7,10,8>There is katsu and then there is KATSU.  The katsu at Tonkatsu Ginza Bairin is the latter and probably the best in Hawaii.  As one of my friends calls it, the "high roller" katsu here is quite expensive but oh so good.  What makes the katsu here so good? Two words, pork fat.    Although TGB is known for their $36 Kurobuta Pork Loin Katsu, I honestly do not think that it is that much better than the Rosu Katsu (Thick Cut Pork Loin).  Priced at about $13 less at $23, the Rosu Katsu is still pricey, but probably the best bang for your buck.  What makes the katsu so good for me is that you get a moist juicy piece of pork fat with every bite.  On top of that, the house katsu sauce just compliments the deep fried pork cutlet so well.  Needless to say, I will be back but not anytime soon since the prices here are a little steep for my budget to make visits here a regular occurrence.  Plus, my heart can only withstand so much pork fat goodness.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,5/9/2011,85,63,14,6,9>OK. First of all, I can't believe I'm writing about this place because it's already crowded enough when I go there. If you go at the wrong time, it can take you up to 30 minutes just to get your order in. That being said... Sato's has THE best fried noodles I've ever eaten. Seriously. Like, no joke. This means a lot coming from me. I like to think of myself as somewhat of a fried noodle connoisseur.  As my friends can all attest, I have an addiction to noodles.  I don't know what kind of magical oil they fry their noodles in, because the garnishes themselves are quite simple:  green onions, char siu, and luncheon meat.  I've even tried watching from the counter to see if they sprinkle some kind of fairy powder.  Nothing.  It must be straight up, old school, Japanese skillz.  That's right, skills with a "Z" cause they so good.  Anyhow, as far as the other food they offer there... I have no idea.  Why try anything else when you KNOW what you want?  I have their number on my cell, I pre-order, I get the large size, and I take as long as I like to eat it - all...by...my...self.I used to fantasize about working there part-time, offering them to pay me in noodles.  THAT IS HOW AWESOME THIS PLACE IS.  They deserve some kind of award... perhaps, "Oodles of Magically Delicious Noodles"?  Hellllll yeaaah!!!!
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,5/8/2011,302,378,7,7,5>Ah Gazen. It's simply amazing how you rose to become one of my Top 5 restaurants in a single visit and in a single night. I want to thank my newest Yelp friend Cin T. for the awesome recommendation on Gazen. It's one of those place that you could just drive past without ever knowing what hidden culinary treasures lie within. The building is very unassuming and from this we need to learn that not only should you not judge a book by it's cover, but also a restaurant.Upon entering we were greeted by the entire staff. Everyone that saw us walk by welcomed us. Upon exiting at the end of the meal, this was also the case when they thanked us and bid us a good night. I love the fact that they made us feel welcome. They made us want to spend our money here. They wanted us to be a part of their family for the night. It upsets me when most restaurants fail at the greeting. I hate walking by a bunch of staff members who look up at us and then continue on with their business as if only the server helping us should be the one to interact with us.When we were given menus and drinks by a cheerful lady I took a look around. This is a nice place. At times the music was a little loud but that didn't annoy me to the point of irritation. As we looked over the menu I was astounded by the selection, the variety and the price. Everything seemed so strategically priced. And when I say strategic, I mean affordable.The wife and I made our selections and we sat patiently awaiting our food. And quite honestly, we didn't wait very long. This is what we ordered. Don't laugh because it was a lot. We wanted to try a lot of things and we thought we had the room in our stomachs for it.-Tofu sampler.Good lord in heaven. Three home made tofu selections. I don't remember the names honestly but one was made with black sesame, one was either made with or served in soy, and the last as far as I could tell, was plain old tofu. The taste of all three was anything but plain. I tried all three by themselves, with the sea salt, and with the shoyu ponzu. All three took me by surprise and kicked my taste buds in the face. I loved it.-Chu toro steak.I love toro. I love chu toro. I really loved this dish. Yeah it was the most expensive we had at $18 but it was so worth it. We got seven or eight pieces that were served with garlic chips and seared to perfection. I loved it.-Pork tenderloin.Loved it. It was really fatty. I didn't think I'd enjoy it at all but it literally melted in my mouth. It was served with smoked salt on the side and I topped every piece with that. The salt really adds another dimension to the dish. I found myself adding it to other dishes for fun. Amazing.-Salmon sushi roll. Nothing too fancy here but the taste was simply divine. You could easily tell that it was made with nothing but the freshest ingredients and whole ton of love. Loved it.-Salmon chazuke rice with ikura.A simple triangle shaped rice ball topped with ikura and salmon in the broth. Wow. So far the salmon chazuke champ was Sushi Masa. Now, I'm not too sure. The one at Gazen is on equal ground. My wife LOVES a good salmon chazuke. She commented on how she could just eat that and be good. I agree. It's amazing. I could see myself eating two orders of that for dinner the next time I go.So all in all, an amazing dining experience. And one that doesn't break the bank. Everything above plus tax and a sweet 20% tip came out to $70.I'll be back again soon. And again. And again. Oh, and again. And then once more.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,5/7/2011,128,129,2,9,6>My friends and I have heard about this place for a long time but we have never gone. There were rumors of an elusive $25 all you can eat shabu shabu but we had yet to prove that it was real. My friends are shabu snobs so of course they felt that all you can eat can't be that good. This place proved them wrong. I loved the fact that there was a choice of one appetizer with the all you can eat. I chose the Cali roll. My friends ate the salmon roll.  I was not expecting sushi so this was a pleasant surprise.  Every 1st round is a plate of paper thin ribeye (I believe) and a vegetable plate. The meat is beautifully marbled for all you can eat and lots of fresh veggies. The broth is a simple piece of dried kombu.  Nothing overpowering. The sauces were simple, Ponzu, Soy and Sesame.  My friend ordered minced garlic on the side to mix with the sesame. Believe me, it takes the sauce to a whole 'nother level. The meat tasted even better when there was garlic.  So simple, yet so great. I was very happy with everything. I believe we ate about four plates of meat and three plates of veggies. Service was great and very helpful. Only thing I wish that it was free refills. Note to restaurant, if you want people to eat less, give them free refills.  If you don't care, fine with me.  More food for me to eat. Parking is weird and it might be hard if there is none left. Overall I highly recommend this place. Shabu Shabu, Found. Mission accomplished. Sukiyaki, your next!!!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,5/6/2011,334,330,5,5,8>I wish my home had amazing gourmet wafu steak, negi toro, and smiling hot bartenders!  But this HOME does!The music was a little too loud two Saturday's ago, but no biggie.  The calpico featured drink I had was crazy good and the bartenders were super friendly and personable.  I even saw some familiar faces that used to work at Kanpai. One piece of advice if you haven't been to Home yet (and like poke/raw fish), please get the negi toro.  OMG I've never tasted poke so good.  The fish was so fresh and generous and the green colored aioli (I think it's sesame and green onions and some other secret ingredients) put it over the top.  The wafu steak was also incredible and I'd die for all those tender pieces in ponzu and covered in freshly sauteed mushrooms any day!  This is your typical looking sports bar with booths and lots of tv's, but it's clean and the layout is open.  Parking is a pain, but well worth the fight for a stall. You know you want to come here...Do it.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,5/5/2011,605,309,3,11,4>YAKINIKU Korean BBQ, homestyle... yummmmmm!Opened until midnight but you can literally walk in 5 minutes before the clock strikes 12am and they will still serve you. That is awesome!My favorite items here are:1. Spicy tofu soup2. Squid and green onion pancakes3. Chuu-long (correct spelling?)4. Any meat!Remember to ask for your favorite (free) side vegetables as they only bring out what they feel like it and not everything they offer.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,5/4/2011,24,31,20,15,9>Rating: 5/5Date(s) Visited: 11/4/10, 2/17/11Cut: 5/5Service: 5/5Price: 5/5I swore that I'd never use Yelp to write a review on anything other than food establishments, but Salon 808 has forced me to make an exception. I've been to many salons over the years and nowhere has yet to come anywhere near the quality and affordability of Salon 808. As long as this place is open, I'll be a lifetime customer.Cut:Due to my rather soft facial features, I've been plagued by "lesbian haircuts" since I started high school. My classmates would come up to me after one of my many debacles and say, "Robert, you look like a lesbian." Such comments don't exactly boost one's self-esteem, so I avoided getting haircuts by keeping a long hairstyle that required me to go and get it fixed maybe three times a year.When I came to college, I was dismayed to find out that nobody seemed to be able to cut my hair in a way that wouldn't make me look like a lesbian. I told them what I wanted and what I didn't want, but it seemed that I was forever doomed to look like a lesbian after seeing a stylist. I even went to J Salon, supposedly the best in the state and one of the best in the nation, and spent $120, but I still came out looking like a lesbian.It was time to find somewhere new.I found Salon 808 on Yelp and after reading the reviews I decided to see Madoka, who specializes in Asian hairstyles. I wanted to maintain my hairstyle the first time I saw her just to test the waters and I wasn't the least bit disappointed. She listened to what I wanted to do with my hair and handled my hair with expert hands. I came out self-esteem intact and not looking like a lesbian.Fast forward to a couple days ago. As part of my New Year's resolution, I wanted to get a hairstyle that was shorter since I had more or less kept the long hairstyle for half a decade. My friends weren't terribly useful in giving suggestions, so I just went in and asked Madoka about it. She brought me some Japanese hairstyle magazines and I picked something out and she tailored the haircut to match what I wanted in terms of length and general look.I have never had a more versatile or more attractive hairstyle in my entire life. Ever. It looks amazing and rather than getting comments from people who ask if I'm a lesbian, people say, "Wow, I really like your hair!"+1 self-esteem.Service:The service here is, all around, top notch. Madoka is conversational, polite, friendly and interesting. She greets you with a smile, asks what you want, gives her thoughts and then executes flawlessly. You may or may not get a shampooing depending on how your hair is being cut, but she's very efficient with the process and the massage you get while you're being washed is quite relaxing.If there's one thing I don't much care for at Salon 808, it's the receptionist. Whenever I talk to her on the phone to schedule an appointment or confirm a time, she seems really angry and rushed. Even when you walk in, she doesn't seem too friendly. She does, however, put on a smile when you go to pay your bill.What I also really like about Salon 808 is that they're not pushing products on you unless they really feel like it'll be in your best interest. While at J Salon, the stylist kept talking about how I needed to buy their super expensive shampoos and conditioners and hair products. Here, they only make suggestions if you need it to maintain a hairstyle.Price:$35 for a men's haircut is insanely reasonable. Arguably - no, it's beyond argument - this is the best value for your money in the entire state. Though it might seem steep for a guy transitioning from a barber to a salon, it's well worth the money if you want something more interesting than "the usual". Hell, it's so reasonable that I feel like I'm cheating the system somehow, so I always give a 25% tip to express my gratitude. I think Salon 808's regular customers will agree that it's well worth the price of the cut and a very generous tip.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,5/3/2011,487,140,7,8,10>I could never give anything less than 5 stars to Andy's. It's a great little tree hugging/granola type eatery that has the sweetest owners and crew.  It would be like giving my grandma less than 5 stars! For over 2 years, I lived in Manoa, so I used to go to Andy's all the time. Andy and his family and staff are just the kindest people. I don't go in as often anymore, but everytime I do stop by, they greet me by name. There are a few things they do very well. My favorite is the large birds nest salad. For $5 you get a hearty salad that perfectly melds lettuce, tomato, cucumber, mushrooms, a mountain of sprouts, avocado, tuna salad, sunflower seeds and papaya dressing. I would go weeks at a time eating this every day for lunch! I'm a big salad person and this one ranks #1 in Hawaii as the best salad in it's class!They also have some tasty vegetarian lunch specials, that always come with brown rice and a salad. Andy's also has great smoothies and acai bowls. At the cashier counter, you can find some awesome munchies, such as cookies and granola. Oh man, then there's breakfast.  Andy's is closed Saturdays, so head over to Andy's on Sunday morning after a nice little Manoa Falls hike. They have THE BEST BANANA PANCAKES on Oahu! Get the whole wheat version. My honey and I usually split and order of these with a tasty omelet. I'm honestly not as impressed with all the sandwiches. They are decent enough and inexpensive, but just a little plain. The do put a nice mountain of sprouts on almost all of the sandwiches I've had, which is a nice plus for someone who likes those little green guys! The homemade turkey is probably their tastiest 'wich.    Andy's is such a gem, even in wonderful Manoa, where there's already a great selection of places to eat.Sprout lovers unite!
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,5/2/2011,173,853,5,7,7>Since moving to downtown, I've gotten lazier with the cooking. Who can blame me when right down the street is the Maunakea food court? Everything Asian is fast-food-alized, easy peasy, no thinking required. It all started out innocently enough. We were shopping in the market for our next meal, when my Thai-food-lovin' boyfriend walked by and had us stop here for lunch, pushing my cooking back to a later time. Yellow curry and pad thai, our standard fare for comparison.Portions were pretty good. Food came out pretty quickly. Taste was standard, nothing spectacular. As my boyfriend says, it's hard to mess up Thai food. You either love it or hate it.It is just one of those places that we now keep in mind when I'm lazy to cook and he's craving Thai....which is getting more often recently! Maybe I should learn to cook Thai food...
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,5/1/2011,257,112,5,14,12>SELFISH:  Like Yun Y. called it in her review, this place is a "Catch 22"...a place you can't wait to tell everyone about, and then selfishly wish no one knew of its existence for fear of it being mobbed by the masses. DETAILS: I won't bother repeating what everyone else has already mentioned, but yes...I will say that my food was THAT good, and totally unexpected.  I'm a huge fan of simple flavors, so the salmon shabu shabu was a perfect fit for my tastebuds.  I love shabu shabu, but I never really thought to use salmon...honestly, the idea sounded a little underwhelming to me.  However, I trusted my friend's recommendation and I'm so glad I actually listened! :0) For anyone watching their diet...this is a perfect clean meal, and with the green salad (dressing on the side), scoop of medium-grain white rice, and light sesame flavored sauce (on the side)...you can tailor this meal to suit your calorie needs.  The salmon is served on a bed of parboiled veggies and a sprinkling of thin long rice noodles. SHAVE ICE:  You'll have to leave room for desert because the shave ice is pretty great.  I never thought I'd find better than Ailana's, but honestly...the matcha here is so authentic.  You can even see the green tea powder atop the ice.  No mochi balls here, but the difference is made in the two melon ball sized scoops of green tea and azuki ice cream.  WAIT:  Yes, you have to wait about 10-15 mins for your food, even when it's slow.  And no, there isn't anywhere to really sit except for the step outside the store (but it's totally doable!).  If you're into dried fish and other old-school market food, walk a few doors down to Azama. I bought some dried aku to snack on while I waited for my food. Trust me, I was practically raised on an Aku boat during fishing season...and this place makes it pretty good.  I need to write a separate review for them, but until then I'll mention that their dried aku (the sign says from Japan) isn't too tough on the outside, and it isn't mushy on the inside.  Perfect texture and doesn't have that "refrigerator" taste either. :0)
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2010,4/30/2011,124,55,6,10,7>What's bright green, has 4 wheels and serves some tasty Mexican food? No, not Kermit the Frog in a pimped-out '64 Impala. It's Tacos Vicente, rolling around mobile-style on the North Shore and Windward side. On any bright sunny day, this vivid eye-catching truck will not only blind you, but will also serve you some savory tacos. On the way back from breakfast at Ted's Bakery, I noticed this food truck parked on the roadside near Rocky Point. Hmm, what to eat for lunch? Duh! The menu is simple:Tacos A la carte $2Burritos $5Quesadilla $4 (w/ meat $5)Plate Lunch $6 (2 Tacos w/ your choice of meat w/ rice & beans)Taco Platter $10Meat Choices: Al Pastor (pork)SteakChickenVeggieI was trying to decide what to order for me and my 9 yr old, when another customer politely recommended the Taco Platter. For $10, this build-your-own tacos platter comes with 8 tortillas, your choice of meat grilled with bell peppers, onions and cheese, salsa and lime. The menu says it serves 2-3 people, so I ordered this with steak and the Al Pastor tacos a la carte. This platter was more than enough for the both of us. The steak, onions, peppers and cheese had that great grilled smokey flavor that make these tacos really tasty.They have 2 sauces available on the counter, red hot sauce and avocado sauce. The Red Hot Sauce is creamy, smokey, tangy and really spicy. A little too spicy for me, but used moderately, it adds just the right amount of kick. The Green Avocado Sauce was my favorite. Also creamy and tangy with a mild green chili flavor, the bonus is the pleasing taste of avocado. This sauce is a perfect guacamole-like dressing for all things Mexican food.Working the order window, chef Axel Diaz and his "Al Pastor" are simply the BOMBA! Pork marinated in oregano, citrus and other spices then cooked in a unique vertical broiler; a pineapple placed at the top, allowing it to broil while basting the meat with its juice. These pork tacos are extraordinary, served up authentic Mexican style. Not Americanized by smothering them in sour cream, lettuce or cheese. Instead, garnished with just onion and cilantro with a side of fresh home-made salsa and a slice of lime. This is how a truly authentic taco should be - simple.  I would follow this truck everywhere just to have these.As bright as the Hawaiian sun shines on the North Shore, so shines the future of this mobile Mexican taqueria.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,4/29/2011,87,129,10,8,6>Deep fried chicken skins, instead of fries, with a.... I guess you'd describe it as a Korean-ish dipping sauce. You know it's got the shoyu-ee, garlic-ee, ginger-ee, sesame oil-ee things going on in there. I dunno bout you, but just try dipping that first hot skin into that sauce, and start crunching on that thing... HELLO... it's a party, whooo , the flavors, the textures, the crispy, crunchy things all going on at the same time. Whew.... thought about having a cigarette just then, and hell... I don't even smoke! It isn't on the menu, it's just a once in a while thing, I'm guessing they threw it out there, cause they ran out of fries ( how do you run out of FRIES!) but I really don't care, cause today we scored!!!! We got the chicken skins to go along with my Buffalo Burger, and two Kobe Burgers, for the wife and daughter, all cooked to the ever juicy, runny mediummmmmmmm! And top those off with the LTO's, and all's good right now in the world. Ain't it funny, how sometimes you catch yourself doing the slight up, and down head nod, when you bite into something really tasty. It's like your brain went into shock, and as you're chewing, you're looking at the burger still in your hands and you're saying to yourself..." I dunno where I've just been, but I'm slowly coming back (nod nod) yep, I'm coming in for a landing... that was a great flight!" And then I bite some chicken skin, and here we go again... 3... 2... 1... BLASTOFF!! Might be kinda, sorta pricey to fly Air Kiawe Grill, but once in a while gotta pay the price for luxuries... right! Till next time... have a good flight!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,4/28/2011,233,120,7,13,9>A very nice bar, with a good mix of people and music.A great place to:1.) Start your night out on the gay scene.2.) Relax and watch the view of Waikiki.3.) Socialize and meet with tourists and locals.4.) Buy a decent drink.5.) Make memories you won't remember the morning after.The atmosphere here is very chill, but it can get a bit crowded on weekend nights. The music they play here tends to be centered around Pop, House, Dance, and Techno. Although instead of a dance den, this place seems to me to be more of a "stand-around-with-a-drink-and-scope-out-the-­buffet-line" type of bar.PROS: Decent drinks, pretty good-looking guys, bartenders are nice, great atmosphere, good music and cheap cover.CONS: At the far end of Waikiki, parking is a pain, not a good place to get your groove on.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,4/27/2011,48,216,22,26,22>Holy shananigans can one say better than Todai?I arrived late to a family dinner because exercise is a priority. I still worked out, so I know that I burned more calories than what I ate, and that's the philosophy I follow and abide by. Located in the Pacific Beach Hotel, for those of you who are inclined to know it as where the 24 Hour Waikiki is, located in the lobby is the Oceanarium.It's a buffet, and have a plethora of food such as paella, mashed potatoes for the Anna Nicole Smith followers, fresh shucked oysters, mussels, assorted vegetables, a beet salad, and more. I didn't really care for the cheese platter, it was very generic and cheddar and mozzarella isn't going to cut it for me. I'll stick to Brasserie DuVin. My favorite, dessert, was enough to keep me satisfied. A bite of the marbled cheesecake, the pineapple chunks, the carrot cake, and the "I dont know if I like you or dislike you Almond Float".  It was basically fruit cocktail with lychee and almond tofu. The lychee really overtook the flavor of the almond tofu. Not too good for me. Simply put, it's good food at a decent price for buffet. The service was great: I think his name was Ardin. Thank you for my extra water and the constant refills. It was great and so much fun to see the sexy mermaid! They need a merman and I think it'll be The big blonde mermaid sequel in real life. I'll go again and pay good money to watch that and eat food!
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,4/26/2011,263,192,12,12,14>When I decided to move home from San Diego, I was seriously depressed because I realized that meant I would have to give up (good) Mexican Food*. I've had an interesting 4.5 year relationship with burritos* in San Diego. I've encountered some really big, juicy, and satisfying ones; and others that flopped in comparison. I became addicted to burritos, always trying to find the best one. I thought my addiction was cured when I moved back because I avoided all Mexican Food for almost 2 months. That's a pretty long dry spell in my book! I was too afraid I'd be disappointed and get on the next plane back to the mainland for that good burrito! However, some new burrito lead me to Serg's. It's a cute little hole in the wall with a window to order outside and a few tables inside and out. I opted for a fish taco ($3-something for one, $2 on Taco Tuesday), thinking of switching teams. I ordered it grilled (you can also get it breaded) with a side of rice and beans. The taco had a pretty large piece of fish, moist (but a little undercooked as I took a bite of raw middle), covered in a cabbage, tomato slaw. The beans were a nice surprise as they were refried black beans. Rice was so-so. They actually had a surprisingly good selection of salsas including tomatillo, avocado, and chipotle varieties. The burritos are about $8-something and come with a side of rice and beans. I had a bite of a carnitas one and it was good. Definitely fork and knife burritos though. The food at this place is good, for Hawaii. If I were only comparing it to options in Hawaii, it'd be 4 stars. But, there was an annoying fly inside that wouldn't leave me alone, and the food took forever to come out. The menu also wasn't very extensive, but at least the prices were reasonable. The place has a lot of potential, but we'll see if it's good enough to get me addicted again. The cashier was really friendly and came to check on us while we were eating. He mentioned that there's a coupon in the newspaper for a free horchata. Mmm gotta find it! *Mexican food and burritos are synonymous with men and man goods.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,4/25/2011,3140,188,13,11,17>( T ) hey are located in Kailua( H ) alf an hour's drive from Waikiki( E ) at the Red Velvet Pancakes( B ) etter come here HUNGRY!!( E ) xcellent service( S ) hare your dishes here. Huge portions( T ) ry the Guava Chiffon Pancakes too!!( B ) right and early is the best time to come( E ) xpect a long wait on the weekends( N ) ever finished my food everytime i come..DOGGYBAG( E ) ating here is always a treat( D ) ine in or takeout( I ) 'm a big fan of their Omelets too!( C ) rabcake Benedict is a MUST ORDER!! NO JOKE!!( T ) he Carrot Pancakes was just ok...( S ) troll through Kailua afterwards or go to Lanikai Beach( H ) aven't tried the Loco Moco yet( E ) ven though i live an hour away, it's worth the drive( R ) emember now, order the Crabcake Benedict ok?( E ) ach bite of the Benedict's here is orgasmic!!!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,4/24/2011,772,600,5,11,7>This is becoming my usual spot for awesome japanese izakaya!!  The last couple times I've been here, I've just ordered my usual--couple pieces of sushi, the grilled musubi with shoyu and salmon inside, a hot tororo soba with yamaimo and my all time fav japanese dish--aji tataki style :).  But last time i came here, some family friends were here and showed us some new amazing dishes!!Newly discovered AMAZING dishes (sorry I'm not exactly sure of their correct names).  I absolutely love these new discoveries because they are super healthy choices that don't compromise taste!!  -Kabocha:  its a type of japanese squash/pumpkin and its served chilled and slightly seasoned.  omg its so good.  I was never really a fan of kabocha until I ate this one...now I think I'm in love!-Seared eggplant (I believe its called agedashi nasu?):  it's sorta like the eggplant version of agedashi tofu, except not deep fried, but lightly seared.-Sweet potato:  I'm not sure what this is called because a friend here ordered it for us to try.  It's pretty much lightly flavored sweet potato.  I know it sounds plain and simple, but it is definitely a great choice.  It goes super well with sake as a chaser!-Hirame nigri:  super ono and great with ponzu sauce!!  I think hirame is my new favorite fish!Definitely make a reservation as this place is becoming more and more popular!
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,4/23/2011,121,113,5,6,6>I had a fabulous birthday dinner here with friends, and it was the perfect spot for a celebration. Yummy drinks and AMAZING food! We heard that the pupus are where it's at so we decided to order a round of pupus for everyone to sample. Every last bite was onolicious. The seafood cevishe was fresh and light served with fried wontons. The spinach artichoke crab dip was creamy and delightful. The dynamite shrimp pizza lived up to its name and the clams were full of flavor. I am saving the best for last, the boca rota, oooooh that boca rota. It's prime rib, mushrooms, and mozzeralla cheese on top of garlic cheesy bread. If heaven had a flavor this is what it would taste like, from the very first taste it was love at first bite. We ordered two plates of it, and it was gone within minutes.If you're looking for a fun place to hang with friends, enjoy some drinks and out-of-this-world food than this is the place.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,4/22/2011,451,160,7,14,10>Azure blew me away...their 5 course tasting menu with wine pairings is hands down, one of the very best dining experiences of my life. Everything here was perfect. The food, the service, the decor and ambiance -- all worthy of 5 Yelp stars! We started with the Yellow Tail Ahi, Hamachi, Avocado and Watermelon Radish salad which is quite seriously the most delicious thing that I have ever eaten. The pairing with a Malbec Rose was absolute perfection!Our second course was called "Ocean Cappucino" -- it was a beautifully rich bouillabaisse with large pieces of dungeness crab and black tiger shrimp. Divine!The third course was a heavenly Kona lobster tail risotto paired with a BEX Riesling. The dish was beautifully presented with marinated tomato and asparagus. Our fourth course was a butter poached filet of beef topped with a sunny side up quail egg. It was served with hamakua mushrooms, a taro brandy puree, and the most mouthwatering madeira and black truffle sauce. It was a really fragrant, rich dish...we all loved it! It was paired with a heavenly Merlot called Vita Nova.Dessert was light and refreshing after such a large meal: kula strawberries and fior di latte, topped with a balsamic and cinnamon drizzle. At just $69 ($89 if you opt for the wine pairings) this prix fixe menu is an absolute steal! My boyfriend didn't do the set menu but instead had a green salad followed by our server's suggestion for the entree: diver scallops and blackened ahi served with the most insanely delicious sauce. For dessert, he had the trio of malasadas served with 3 different sauces that was so mind blowingly delicious, I swear, we nearly licked the plate clean. One was a Kona coffee sauce, the other a haupia sauce and the third was an incredibly rich dark chocolate sauce. There are no words to adequately describe just how amazing this dessert was!!!Our server Arturo was absolutely incredible. He knew the menu inside and out and every single one of his recommendations throughout the evening was spot on. At the end of the meal, he introduced us to Azure's sommelier (I had been raving about the wines we had, especially the Vita Nova) and so he wanted to make the introduction. So cool! He even brought us the empty bottle so I could pick up a couple for at home! Arturo then brought the manager over to say hello and we gushed about how much we loved the meal. He asked if we had Valentine's Day plans, and I said that we'd tried to get a reservation at Azure but they were already solidly booked. He asked when we'd want to come in. My boyfriend and I looked at each other in total disbelief. Uhhhmm, 6:00? Done! I kid you not, dear readers. Instead of cooking at home on V Day, we now have a reservation at one of the very best restaurants on the Island! AMAZING!!! We are so excited - I'll have to write a follow up review after we experience the special prix fixe menu and give all you sexy Yelpers the dishy lowdown. It's sure to be something special!Azure is an absolutely EXQUISITE dining experience. It's a perfect place for a special occasion meal or just when you and your sweetie feel the need for a splurge. This is definitely not a place for kids, so make sure you call the babysitter. Hope you enjoy it as much as we did!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,4/21/2011,152,116,2,12,3>In case any of you aren't aware of it (because I wasn't until just recently), Liliha Bakery also offers a Coco Puff Cake. Yes, a Coco Puff CAKE! How do they do that, you may ask? Simple: they place row-upon-row of individual Coco Puffs on a cake pan and slather on a generously thick, even layer of that oh-so-yummy and decadent Chantilly Frosting over the entire pieced-together Coco Puff "cake". I added pictures of a 1/4 Pan (20 piece) Coco Puff Cake in the photo section so you can see exactly how it looks. Current prices (as of this writing) for Liliha Bakery's Coco Puff Cake are as followed:1/4-pan (20 pieces):Coco Puff or Cream Puff Cake - $25.35Green Tea Puff Cake - $25.751/2-pan (48 pieces):Coco Puff or Cream Puff Cake - $60.30Green Tea Puff Cake - $61.40Full-pan (77 pieces):Coco Puff or Cream Puff Cake - $97Green Tea Puff Cake - $99Custom frosting messages for all sizes is an additional $2.So next time you've got a party planned and are looking for a unique and oh-so-ono cake to celebrate, consider a Coco Puff Cake from Liliha Bakery... a guaranteed crowd pleaser!
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,4/20/2011,161,142,10,14,14>It's been awhile since I did Bikram, but am so happy to be back!Located in the Hawaii Kai Towne Center on the second floor above Kokonuts. I chuckled as I walked in reading the sign that said "No BO." Some people may not know they have BO. Eek. There were several other things posted on the sign, towel to cover your entire mat, etc., but the "No BO" caught my attention for sure. I love that the studio is super clean with hardwood floors, the only infrared heating system on the island. I noticed that the other students all were using a coaster for their water bottles. Being that it's been months since I did Bikram last, Manny did an excellent job making me feel comfortable. I appreciated his style of teaching and made sure that the newbies were in proper form. You'll definitely sweat buckets...I certainly did. I can't think of a better way to rid your body of toxins than hot yoga. One thing that I LOVED was receiving an ice, cold oshibori (Japanese wet hand towel) when class was over. As we're laying down in savasana, Manny passed out oshibori's to everyone....ahhhhhh~ It was as refreshing as drinking an icy, cold beer after a long day of work, or like having shaved ice on a hot, summer day. The perfect end to and such a nice reward after working hard for 90 minutes of sweating your buns off. ~*Namaste*~
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2010,4/19/2011,40,176,12,9,6>I may be following yelp blindly sometimes as I seem to be wandering into some real shady places every now and then.  King's Pizza being one in the recent string of hole-in-the-wall dirt dive places.  I swear there seemed to be a whole lot of unsavory activity going on in that parking lot, but I came and braved it for the pizza.  Maybe it's the feeling of risking my life that added to this pizza's flavor.. can I get a slice of danger please.Even without the extra loitering teen dopers, sprinkle of drug transactions, and dash of prostitution (was I in the hood, or Ala Moana?)... the pizza was tony the tiger GRRRRREAT!  The joy I felt when I told her to smother the pie in cheese, and then add more cheese, and then some sun dried tomatoes, some pepperoni, then top it off with some cheese haha, indescribable.  You can order a whole pie, or slices with any toppings you want as long as they have it.  And I bet the lady will never blink an eye with your order, as I'm sure she's seen her fair share of the munchies monster madness order.  So all in all it was kick @$$ pizza at a place you may get your @$$ beat.  It was well worth the trip to the ghetto that is Ala Moana.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,4/18/2011,186,203,5,10,6>As a stay at home mom, the hubby and I are on a tight budget but date nights are still a MUST, and we both love a good ambiance paired with great food, which usually = $$$, which = us in a sad predicament right?  WRONG!  Luckily, the hubby and I are also great Pakes and can always find a good deal in some great places which = happy wallet, full tummies and a happy couple!  Doraku happy hour is definitely for you if you are in the same boat as us.Doraku hosts a happy hour every day of the week from 5-7 which is great since it's always so hard to get anywhere before 6pm.  There are not a lot of choices on the HH menu, but you can surely get enough tasty food to satisfy your appetite.  We ordered the ahi poke, a Geisha roll, mochiko chicken and a california roll and left feeling pretty full.  The Ahi Poke was the winner of the four!  A bit on the spicy side, but with the little chunks of nuts (macadamia?? kukui??) it made it totally delicious.  The Geisha roll had spicy ahi, pickled veggies, sprouts and shiso in it with kabayaki sauce.  I loved the shiso in this roll, giving it a sweet kick.  The mochiko chicken was also surprisingly good here, being that I had tried the shiso chicken here before and it was disappointingly dry. The mochiko chicken on the other hand was very moist, not too heavily battered, crispy and had a light sauce on it that I could not get enough of.  The California roll was just that - a California roll. Nothing special.  Could've gotten the same at Kozo sushi.  Next time I won't be ordering it.  You'd be better off ordering more poke or the spicy ahi roll.  All that food and throw in a couple of beers for the hubby and our bill was a little under $25! Plus, 3 hours free validated parking in the Royal Hawaiian Shopping Center!  DEAL!!One thing that some may not like is that in order to partake in the HH specials, you have to sit on the community table in the middle of the restaurant.   It's actually a gorgeous table, made from one, very, large, tree.  We arrived at around 5:45 and there were only 4 other people sitting so we had no problems getting seats, and was still able to have lovely conversation amongst ourselves.  By the time we left, (around 7:00) the table was packed.  I would definitely recommend Doraku for HH if you are on a budget, but still enjoy good food and a nice ambiance.  Like I said earlier, Doraku HH = happy tummies, happy wallet and a very happy couple! :o)
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,4/17/2011,442,466,10,13,12>Thai food? Kind of. This place has Southeast Asian fusion food you should try at least once. But I would come back just to try more ICE CREAM.I've been ordering their food through Room Service in Paradise for a while now and although this is not my favorite place to get Thai food, I came here for the ice cream Kalei F, Ryan M and Kyle H talk about. The weirdest flavors of ice cream, $7.50 for a three scoop sampler:PANDAN - wow, this one was good. you guys were right!! Don't let the fluorescent highlighter green color throw you off. This stuff has a creamy vanilla bean flavor.BANANA CINNAMON - this was the most normal flavor and was good.DURIAN - WTF! I had to spit it out and wipe my spoon off and drink lots of water before I could do anything else. I was curious about this since I've never seen or heard of durian before. Apparently 95% of people who try this feel the same way I did, so if you are curious, just ask for a tiny sample, not a whole scoop since it's pretty nasty and um..."an acquired taste".When the server asks "Are you enjoying your ice cream?" are you supposed to just lie and say, "it's great, thanks!" or tell him what you really think? Well, I told him how I really felt about that durian. I think he felt bad so he brought me two more flavors!YELLOW CURRY - I've never had curry ice cream before in my life! This one tasted just like leftover cold curry from the fridge except it was ice cream! Interesting!KAFFIR LIME and LEMONGRASS sorbet - the chaser at the end to cleanse my palate was zesty and a nice way to end the ice cream adventure.Spices now has their own limited delivery service (for regular food, not ice cream) which requires a $30 minimum order and attaches a 20% gratuity to areas around Honolulu, call them to see if they'll deliver to your workplace for lunch!
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,4/16/2011,676,463,8,18,11>A new coffee shop is in downtown!  It's located where Argosy University used to be, right in front of the escalators to Executive Center.  The coffees are grown in Hawaii and they brew it using different methods to achieve a different taste.  It looks like a science experiment in that shop with all the glass brewing things they use lol.The menu is very limited with only about 5 or 6 coffee options and a few espresso choices too.  Beware, it takes a long time to brew.  They grind the coffee and you watch them brew it.  It takes about 5 minutes or so?  My drink was really good, smooth and bold.  Worth the wait if you got the time.Suggestion for improvement: they should have a self serve condiment bar instead of them adding cream and sugar themselves. I like to add according to taste :)
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,4/15/2011,779,223,20,33,24>So I've been hearing quite the buzz about this new asian fusion restaurant tucked away in the Waimalu Shopping Plaza where Zippy's, Shiro's and Leonard's are.  The sign out front is huge!  And the facade is quite nice giving it a fancy feel.  As you walk inside the first thing you notice is the... OMG SO MANY POTTED PLANTS!  haha, the entrance is lined with a copious amounts of flora (maybe too much).  The inside is quite nice, clean, good lighting, tons of tables.I got here with my family at about 6:45-6:50pm on Friday the 28th.  It was packed!  We had a little wait but were seated as soon as a 5 top opened up.  Looking around the restaurant, we saw some very beautiful dishes and good portions.  Apparently Nadine Kam's review along with the 4.5 star avg on yelp will provide overnight celebrity status.The menu is quite manageable but provides quite the ends of the culinary spectrum ranging from pastas to filet mignon to okinawan sweet potato.  The presentation and elements of each dish remind me of a Roy's type fusion cooking where the dish is constructed in a very French style- puree, sauce, protein, garnish but with flavors ranging from Italian to Korean. I got the Lilikoi Baby Back Ribs, oh so delicious.  Fall off the bone tenderness plus the crisped bbq'ed outer layer intertwine to complete a sexy juxtaposition of textures to dance on your tongue.  The okinawan sweet potato mash provides perfect balanced yin to the ribs yang (sweet and salty).yelp.com/biz_photos/aXZa…Dad got the Christie's Original Kalbi- another winner.  Served sizzling and cut if requested when served, this is your Hawaiian style plate lunch on steroids.  The deep flavor of the succulent short ribs paired with the intense flavors wafting throughout the restaurant will make anyone's mouth water.yelp.com/biz_photos/aXZa…Mom and the grandparents shared a couple orders of Furikake Beer Battered Shrimp and Spicy fries and Okinawan Sweet Potato Crab Cake Croquettes.  The shrimp was a pretty heavy batter with a very pronounced furikake flavor.  The fries were excellent!  I love those fries! The croquettes were surprisingly delicious!  Those crab cakes screamed Roy Yamaguchi all the way to the bank.  A very different flavor than any other crab cakes you've ever had because of the sweet potato base but the flavor of crab still shone through.  Accompanying the cakes were a sweet fruit relish accented with red onion and a colorful sauce.  Beautiful presentation and nice balance of tricky flavors.  Must have!  (Although I must say people's expectations of crab cakes differ widely- so if you're not into a new flavor, skip it, but for all you go-getters- GO GET IT).Ahhh so you ask, "Grant, if your experience was so good, why only 4 stars?"For all the spectacular flavors and exquisite balance of dishes- this place was slammed from the second we walked in almost to closing.  They were extremely short staffed- I asked our server and she regretfully informed us there were 2 chefs and 1 cook in the kitchen... on a Friday night... after a favorable Nadine Kam article aired in the newspaper.  Damn.  I don't care who you are, but Gordon Ramsey couldn't pull off a dinner service where they serve close to a million covers so close to the grand opening.  Hats off to all you workers who worked Friday night, it must have been so stressful to have to juggle so many tables and wait on so much food.  I really give you credit sticking it out and completing dinner service.  The timing of the dishes really hurt the overall experience.  The Kalbi and the ribs came out together but the shrimp and croquettes did not come out until our dinners were finished.  There are lots of kinks to work out and staffing to revamp, but the food was excellent and I will be back.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,4/14/2011,54,322,2,12,9>For the past month or so, I've passed by a funky green and pink restaurant front titled Thai Herb Kitchen. I couldn't wait to try the food, and last night was my opportunity. I was ecstatic.Fortunately, we found street parking but since parking on Kapahulu is notoriously difficult, parking is also available for $1.00 in the Bank of Hawaii lot. Bingo! On the sidewalk facing the street, there is a table with super cute foldout brochures with information on the history of the restaurant, a map and pictures a few sample dishes. Apparently there is a lunch special for $7.95 that includes salad, soup and dessert. At that price and those extras, this place might be a better deal than Bangkok Chef!The service was really great, and the decor of the restaurant is funky, fun and very artsy. There are pictures from different cities in Thailand all over the room and it is a very chill space. The menus are like photo albums and are quite cute. The menu is diverse but also has many classic favorites like pad thai, green curry, and pad ki mao. Every dish costs less than $10.00. We ordered the chicken green curry, seafood curry, and fried chicken. The green curry came with a side of rice, and was very flavorful-- I'm pretty sure that the chef makes it from scratch rather than from the commercial paste. There were bits of eggplant and red pepper. Again, the flavor of the curry was fabulous, however, I didn't care for it because of personal preferences-- I like white meat and this curry was full of thigh meat; I like my curry to have a thicker consistency, kind of like a stew, but this curry was more like a soup. The chicken pieces also came with the skin, which probably adds flavor but I'm not a big fan of having skin in my food.The seafood curry was by far my favorite dish. It came with crab, shrimp and squid, and was rich and flavorful. Excellent! The crab was a cool addition but the owners might want to consider removing the meat from the shell before adding it to the curry. It made for awkward eating. The fried chicken was really tasty but like the curry, came with thigh meat. The texture was good, kind of like panko, and it wasn't greasy or covered with syrupy glaze. I liked that the chef topped the fried chicken with fried basil. Yum!The side order of rice wasn't enough for two curries and three people so we ordered two sides of sticky rice, which were super yum and clean tasting, unlike other places where it often tastes musty. The chopsticks were probably homemade and some of the best utensils I've ever used! At the end of our meal, the staff thanked us then gave each of us a pair of homemade chopsticks that were tucked into colored satchels. Wow! Thai Herb Kitchen is owned by Japanese people and the food, although distinctively Thai, has certain Japanese flavors and influence, which makes for a delicious and creative twist. Fabulous flavor and great value!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,4/13/2011,440,533,8,9,8>My friend and I shared the most awesome panzanella here today. It was amazing. Their version has whole baby romaine leaves, a giant dollop of goat cheese, sweet tomatoes and red bell peppers, red onions, brown and green olives, and crisp-chewy chunks of toasted bread in a delicious balsamic vinaigrette. I am not a salad person, yet I would eat this every day if I could. The menu is short, but almost every item appealed to us, so it took us a while to decide on entrees. It didn't matter because there is only one server and she is pretty slow, so we had plenty of time to decide. In the meantime, we enjoyed our Sicilian honey lemonades and the delicious house-baked focaccia with olive oil.I ended up having the puttanesca and Stacy had the carbonara. I ate some of her pasta and, while it was an authentic carbonara, which I appreciated, the flavor was just okay. My puttanesca was very good. The pasta was firm and the sauce just spicy enough, with lots of flavor from the olives and capers.I really want to come back here but as I was walking away, I ran into two colleagues coming out of Mandalay. I started to gush about VIII 1/2 and one of them said, "How can you eat that abusive man's food? He is always yelling at his wife and calling her names. I can't eat there!" According to the other reviewers, he yells at his wife quite often and the names he calls her are pretty bad. I don't think I could take listening to that--it would stress me out too much--so I'll have to decide if the delicious food is worth the risk of returning!
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,4/12/2011,275,329,6,7,8>The smoothness that drips off this place leaves you feeling like a million bucks covered in honey. You best be dressed up when you go in here, even if those old tourists are looking scrubby, don't YOU bring the caliber of this place down by thinking you can get away with it. Don't be a fool. Well, you can be a fool, but be a snazzy one. Came here to celebrate one of my girlfriend's birthdays. We walked in around 8:00 and the place was very quiet and hardly anyone was there yet. (By 9:00 though it was starting to fill up) We took a seat near the piano and we were quickly brought pistachios and some olives. As our waitress was describing some of the cocktails, the topic of birthdays came up and conveniently I was able to slip in that we too were celebrating a birthday. (Then a whole conversation about Sagittarius pride came up and it was quite a funny diversion). Our waitress (Jessica) was incredibly sweet and attentive and she brought out a slice of their signature coconut cake with Happy Birthday written in chocolate and a candle. And unlike most places that give you a complimentary dessert, they were not at all stingy with the slice. On top of that, the pianist had by this time sat down and was getting ready, and he played a little happy birthday tune for my friend. I can't even describe how special all of that was!I ordered the Pink Elephant which is by far one of the most tasty cocktails I've had. Coated with a ginger sugar rim, the alcohol is blended just right and they fill it up to the top. There's absolutely no skimping on their part of service and quality, so yes, you definitely get what you pay for. For talented musicians and an incredibly atmospheric Waikiki getaway, Lewer's Lounge is a must for anyone you're trying to impress or share a special occasion with. Heck, just treat yourself to a Pink Elephant. You deserve it, especially if you made the effort to put heels or a tie on.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,4/11/2011,297,858,2,8,6>It's late, we're starving and made up our minds to head to Lahaina Chicken.  We're walking along and bam, the food displayed in fast food style trays immediately stopped us from our tracks.The food looked so appetizing, fresh and another bam...  What do I see at the corner of my eye "people like me on YELP" sticker.  They earned the badge and I couldn't say no.I ordered the lemon grass pork, spicy green chicken curry, and some beef with green beans all served with brown rice of my choice ($9 combo).I stuffed my face, while carefully evaluating whether this Thai place merit the sticker.  Hell yeah, even mall food can be this good.The "spicy" is not overpowering, but definitely delicious even to stomach it without next day consequence.  They serve 3 types of rice, white, brown and sticky.  Pretty impressive for a little joint to have such a huge variety of choices.You can order ala carte and it's great if you're just into one specific dish, although I can't see why.  If you eat at the mall, they serve all your choices on separate dish and plates so that your food is not all meshed together.  Not so earth friendly, but a great way not to mess up the flavors of each dish.I see now that people are raving about their papaya salad, so I'm coming back for mo' baby!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,4/10/2011,209,81,20,20,14>Running is crap.  I got tricked into signing up for the marathon this year.  "Only 1% of people in the world can say that they've ran a marathon""It's an experience"Crap.  All Crap!So I was less than excited when I stumbled into the Running Room to get some shoes.  I assumed that I would go in, they would say, "This one's good for novices" and I would go on my way.Negatory.Gaston helped me find the shoes that were perfect for me.  He made me walk/jog in the store to figure out what type of shoes would work best for my running style.  When he figured that part out, I tried on more shoes that I can remember to find the one I thought was most comfortable.  He even made me run outside around the store to make sure I was sure about my shoes.Buying shoes was "an experience" and a good one at that.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,4/9/2011,544,212,14,11,12>Dear sweet home cafe,I will never ask for level 5 spicy hot pot out of 10 again. It obliterated me to the point of numbness of the FACE!  Thank god aunty susan saved me with a mid hot pot shave ice save. Sincerely,Jaysonps. spicy hot pot 1, jayson 0
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,4/8/2011,147,155,17,14,14>Believe the hype!  If you're a meat loving caveman carnivore or on the Atkins diet, you MUST come here!  I ordered the 19.95 'All You Can Eat" Yakiniku special and boy are the portions ginormous.  Mountains of plates filled with various meat items just kept coming one after the other.  Man vs Food would fail if this was a food challenge.  12 of us arrived hungry, all of us left belly pregnant full filled with food.  (S)uperior customer service.( I ) can't wait to go back.(K)nock knock?  who's there?  SIKDORAK MOFO!(D)efinitely come here on an empty stomach!(O)ahu's best Korean BBQ spot!(R)ed meat heaven. (A)fterhours!  I heard they're opened 24hrs and/or really really late until the a.m.  (K)anack attack.Not only is the food here awesome, the staff is too!  Super friendly and very attentive.  I can see myself taking shots of vodka with these guys...oh wait, we did!  Thanks Kyle H. for bringing me here!  I will definitely be back for more and more and more and more!Side note:  BYOB!
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,4/7/2011,577,251,7,7,10>In a theoretical contest of flavor per square foot, the Green Door Café would win by a mile.  Wow! That place is tiny.  Wow! That food is good.We all three toughly enjoyed our meals.  My favorite of the four dished we shared was the Singapore Shrimp Noodle.  The very close second was the Malaysian Chicken Curry.  Both were outstanding.   Oh, did I say "Four Dishes?"  I did.  That's because the nice lady who single handedly runs the place brought us a sample of a fourth dish to try.Speaking of the nice lady, she's more than just nice.  She's a hoot!  She joked and laughed with us.  She even let me come into the kitchen to take pictures of her cooking our lunch!I have but two minor (and I do mean minor) complaints.  First: please no, with the Styrofoam take-out clamshell containers used to serve dine-in meals.  And Two, those little stools were pretty darn uncomfortable!Even with my two minor complaints, this tiny little flavor packed hole-in-the-wall treasure gets five-stars from me.  I shall return!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,4/6/2011,865,217,31,53,41>A dear friend entrusted me to take care of her wedding menu. I had the tough task of tasting & choosing of what was to be served (she's from out of town). Chef Nao & Megan were great in working w/me on the 2 tasting appts, which helped take some pressure off of me. Overall, my friend and her husb (and the guests) were very happy with the food. I definitely would recommend Kahai Street Kitchen for all catering events!CHINESE CHICKEN SALAD in Chinese take-out boxes:  The wedding guests loved the concept & thought it was the cutest thing. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…Poached chicken tops the napa cabbage, iceberg lettuce, carrots, celery&cilantro. The toasted sliced almonds and won ton chips gave it a nice texture. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing… 3 choices in terms of salad dressing avail: Oil based chinese vinaigrette (the better choice!), Creamy mayo or a Shoyu base sauce.GRILLED MARINATED VEGGIES (to be served chilled but I requested it room temp). The veggies (zucchini, squash, eggplant, asparagus & roasted red peppers) were cooked perfectly, still crisp. It's sprinkled with italian herbs & olive oil and had a nice smokey flavor to it. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…CRISPY KATAIFI WRAPPED SHRIMP:  Plump shrimps wrapped in shredded phyllo dough & fried to a golden brown. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…Great idea for a pass-around appetizer, it's meant to be eaten asap bc it can get greasy. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…You get a choice btwn the regular panko-breaded shrimp ($1:10 estimated per shrimp) or the kataifi-wrapped shrimp ($1.95). Choice btwn 2 types of dipping sauce: Wasabi Aioli or a Wasabi Tartar Sauce. I chose the aioli bc the tartar sauce was too sweet due to the sweet pickle relish.OKINAWAN SWEET POTATO & KALUA PORK MINI CAKES served w/hoisin aioli & lomi tomato salsa. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…     yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…  The sweet potatoes compliments the smoky pork very well. It was definitely a filling appetizer. The Hoisin aioli was tasty, didn't overpower the overall flavors of the cake. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…   PEPPERCORN STEAK (made with skirt/flat steak and pre-sliced for people on a budget): It's a little tough due to the choice of cut. Chef Nao prefers to use the ribeye or tenderloin bc it's more tender. He also prefers to cook it on site, then cuts right before serving. Although I enjoyed this during the tasting, we agreed that the osso buco was a better choice for the wedding. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…Perfectly cooked to a med rare: yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…HIBACHI STYLE BONELESS CHICKEN: The boneless chicken thighs were tasty and juicy. The soy-sake glaze is full of flavor and can be a little salty, so don't forget to add white rice to the menu to balance out the sauce. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…OVEN ROASTED PORK SHOULDER W/MUSHROOM GRAVY : He wouldn't tell me exactly the spice rub used, secret! The salty crust was damn good, there was a little bit of fat at the crust, yum! The meat was so tender that when we grabbed it with the tongs, the darker meat fell apart. Tasted like delicious kalua pork w/gravy, this was my favorite! yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…BRAISED BONELESS SHORTRIBS OSSO BUCO w/vegetable demi glace: I couldn't get enough of this dish. It was so tender and meaty, I even went back for 2nds! yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…BUBU ARARE-CRUSTED OPAKAPAKA:Dusted with shichimi & served with kabayaki drizzle. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…Chef Nao fried these crunchy deliciousness right out back, so it arrived piping hot! yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing… The use of bubu arare rice pellets crust is genius! It gave the crust a nice crunch! The fish was cooked perfectly and tasted fresh. yelp.com/biz_photos/Fing…
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,4/5/2011,32,630,4,8,8>Finally came here and it was super crowded on a sunday night where they close at 9p!  Got here around 630p and the place was packed with people still lining up even though they were supposed to close at 9.  When we paid and got our cards we were told that we would have to wait about an 1.5hrs.  yikes!  It was exciting watching the other races and the few crashes.As for price here, its pretty darn pricey; $25 for one race of 14 laps lasting only about 7min...eh.  However, if you buy the yearly pass for $30 + tax then you only end up paying $20 per race.  Thats pretty good but still, paying $20 puts a toll on your wallet.  But, its understandable, business wise, because they are the only go-kart track and with no other competition, they know that people WILL come.    They should open up another track but maybe, and hopefully, that's to come when the place gets more popular and they get the money.The staff is pretty organized and they get people on and off the track in a quick and orderly matter.  They have a little arcade to keep you busy while you wait. They do have some vending machines with ice cream, drinks, and snacks and a little papa john stand that sells pizzas but i think theyd do better with some sort of snack/food bar as people do tend to get hungry while they are waiting.  Overall it was super fun driving a go-kart for my very first time, it was really exciting and its great that this company finally came about as Ive been meaning to go go-karting ever since the other one we had here in campbell closed down.  I'd give it 5 stars because its a great added entertainment for our little island but for the price i dont know, 4.5 stars for now.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,4/4/2011,1750,731,8,16,11>I'm so glad the Sanrio Cafe finally opened! If you're a Hello Kitty fanatic or obsessed with cute things, you'll love this place. I love Hello Kitty, so I thought it was great!! GOODNESS, you should see my desk at work... hello kitty pens, radio, desktop, water bottle, pen holder, sticky notes, keyboard vacuum, calendar, paper, etc... But what could be better than Hello Kitty STUFF?? HELLO KITTY FOOD!! THAT'S WHAT! =^.^= Hello Kitty + Food =  ^_^  X 100!!And I'm pretty sure if these pastries and desserts weren't decked out in Hello Kitty decor, and sold in/ next to Sanrio Surprises, they wouldn't be as delicious. They would be good, but not AMAZING. The actual set-up of the 'cafe' isn't really cafe-like. It's like St. Germain Bakery with the pastry cases, but without the trays and all that other space. lol. It's literally like a pastry-stand connected to Sanrio Surprises. (BTW, the newly renovated Sanrio Surprises is nice!)The desserts are really cute! Mini lemon bars, cheesecake cup things, tartlets, cupcakes, cookies, mochi, ice cream sundaes, etc.  They also have more substantial foods such as sandwiches and salads.  They serve drinks as well: Italian sodas, smoothies, and hot or cold coffee & tea drinks. The dessert prices are between $3.75 & $5.95...The other food items such as the Hello Kitty face sandwich, salad, and fruit cup are $5.95.I'd say their prices are pretty reasonable considering that you're paying for the "name" and cuteness... it's Hello Kitty for crying out loud! :)I'd say this is a cute 'snack' place. Like, if you're looking for something small go here. You will burn a hole in your wallet if you plan on having a meal here; the portions are really small. Plus, you'll probably want to do a little shopping in Sanrio Surprises...If you're trying to woo a girl, take her here to the Sanrio Cafe and then buy her a bunch of cute Hello Kitty stuff from Sanrio Surprises. What an awesome date that would be! **HINT, HINT** and if you can't get her on a date, just buy her a little mini cake or something... maybe you can get a smile from her. lol. :)I'll be back to try more of their desserts  very soon!!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2010,4/3/2011,165,48,4,10,7>Oh the happy joy of having an old love in a new location!Bigger, better, fancier than ever!  Side Street Inn on Kapahulu Ave (in the Prudential Locations Office) is now open!Valet parking is to the right after the building.  $5.  Catch the elevator to the 2nd floor and there on the right is the beauty of the new side street inn!  The food is the same (delicious).  Mmm, teri beef, spicy chicken, and kim chee fried rice are my favorites!  As usual, the pork chops are usually sold out by the end of the night because it's brought in fresh daily!  :(The wait is just as long.  Be sure to make reservations!  The service is just as friendly and quick.  They call the valet as you leave the restaurant so your car is waiting for you downstairs!  Genius!But what's even better is how clean it is!  The other restaurant was so dirty and smelled to me.  This is more my style.  Good food that you can enjoy because the ambiance is so much better.  Brand spanking new!  Yayyyy, this location is SO much better!
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,4/2/2011,265,441,8,5,5>If you need anything, just shout out, "Ohhh, Myy!" With instructions like that from the delightful restaurant owner, 'My', how could anything go wrong? This "deli" is amazing because it reminds me of coming home and getting a home cooked meal - not my mom's home, but some Vietnamese home. The place is so small; you're separated from the kitchen (which is only about 2 feet away from you) by a simple plastic/wood divider. There are only about 4 tables inside and each has rather 'cozy' seating arrangements. This being another lunch run with Tim P. plus new friend Laura, I think cozy was pretty appropriate with the lunch with good friends. The GOOD: Absolutely amazing flavors coming out of the tiny kitchen. I ordered the "shaken beef' which when I asked My, what it was she replied, "Dis word: Cow, and dis one like this:" as she frantically shook her hips from side to side to represent 'shaken' but really, I think it symbolizes the dance of love given to this beef before it is served. It was amazing and cooked to perfection in tiny mouth-watering bites, served with some pan-fried onions and atop a bed of white rice. I was also given a side of broth for the rice, which the rice didn't need because it was already seasoned with awesome meat. The broth itself though was peppered with onions and parsley and was savory in its own right. It might have been the same broth as they use for Pho, which was an added deliciousness to the meal. It was supposed to be for the rice, but I slurped down the savory broth solo and enjoyed the crunch of the onions with the saltiness of the broth.Tim P. + Laura ordered the rolls commemorating every season, except one. Saigon Deli serves up Summer, Autumn, Winter as well as Spring rolls. Tim P. + Laura munched down on Summer through Winter and left Spring behind. Tim P., in addition ordered himself a pho. I got a bite out of Autumn, which comes with lettuce, mint and beef. The best part of Autumn though was the fried garlic crunch that was thrown in for a delicious texture and savory satisfaction. Even though this is about as mom and pop to the max, My has it together enough to accept credit cards, which for this island, is soooo freakin' rare.The BAD: The food was all delicious and seriously, this place is about as mom and pop as you can get, nothing was necessarily bad. The Autumn roll though, for some reason was incredibly chewing towards the last bite, which I think may be simply the way it is supposed to be due to the wrapper simply doubling over itself on the last bite. The only things that went "bad" were that they were not able to accept my credit card during my visit. They take Visa and Mastercard and such, but as I went to pay, my card failed to go through because of their Chase machine. They explained that it happens a lot - so my only warning is to bring some cash money - Which I seldom do. Anything else that was "bad" per se was that the bathroom is outside around the corner of the building, third black gate to your right, under the stairs, first green door on your right... I mean, no big deal, but if I had to bitch about anything, those are the only things I can think of - Two things that they have absolutely no control over.Overall: Saigon Deli is the perfect combination of an amazing host, delicious food and great price. The location is cozy for a quick bite for friends, and I can imagine My has a huge following of loyal regulars which she mothers. I hope I can attain that kind of status one day, because My is an amazing chef and has an amazing personality and she seems to love smiling. Will I come back? Absolutely, and hopefully she won't be too busy in her tiny shop of Saigon love.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,4/1/2011,376,199,56,40,31>Ten Reasons Why People go to the Aloha Stadium Swap Meet:10. You are from China, Korea, Vietnam and the Philippines and just got your U.S. citizenship and you need to find a job that pays more than minimum wage so you rent a stall in Row C or D so that you can sell Hawaiian souvenirs made in China, Vietnam or the Philippines to tourist.9. You are a tourist from the mainland or Japan; and you consider the Aloha Stadium Swap Meet a tourist attraction; and it is near the Arizona Memorial; and so go to the swap meet to buy Hawaiian tee shirts, refrigerator magnets of hula girls, aloha shirts and muumuu's; that you wanted to buy at the ABC Store that is near your hotel in Waikiki; but found way cheaper here at the swap meet.  I giggle inside when I see the glee on tourist's faces that buy Hawaiian things made in China at the swap meet.8. You are the mother of a middle class family of six and being a good mother, you need to find a way to stretch your dollar because of the economy; so you buy second hand tee shirts, pants, shoes, socks, school supplies, books, laundry detergent, household goods, Christmas gifts and most of the necessities your family needs at the swap meet.  This is like adding another $5000/year of income for your family.7. You collect art, baseball cards, Hawaiiana, POGS, Coke, Disney, Kokeshi dolls, occupied Japan, vinyl records and find that you can buy them here for pennies on the dollar.  It makes you so mad when the person next to you buys a full set of Vernon Kiln's by Don Blanding dinnerware for $20.6. You want CD's and DVD's for your collection and you can find all your favorite singers and all their albums; and all your favorite movies for at least 65% less than brand new at Walmart.5. You are a 30 year old woman that wants to look "hot" and wear brand name clothing and carry brand name items so you go to the swap meet to buy gently used Ferragamo shoes for $5.00; nice Louis Vuitton wallets for $10; like new Prada blouses for $5.00; Versace leather skirts for $5.00; authentic Gucci sunglasses for $5.00 so that when you go to the Pipeline Cafe on Friday and Saturday nights; hot men's heads turn to look at you from head to toe and say "Hey babe! You got class with pazazz!"  Yes, you really look HOT for a First Hawaiian Bank teller.4. You are a handyman and need tools so you go to the swap meet to buy a table saw, planer, router, a drill press, and all the tools a master carpenter would need to build a boat or a house; but you still keep hitting you finger with a hammer.3. You love home baked cookies, Chocolate Dobash, mango bread, short bread so you go to the swap meet where homemade is very cheap and delicious if you know who to go too.2. You love orchids, plants, cut flower and the swap meet is the very best place to buy red ginger for graves; phalaenopsis and cattleya for girlfriends or hospital visits; and exotic plants for your garden.1. You have this gene that is dormant in other members of your family but for you going to the swap meet is a primative scavenger instinct that you are born with.  It is like alcoholism, chain smoking, drug addiction and sexual addiction and you have this absolutely "must go too urge" that you cannot control.  You have a house and garage full of things that you bought for 10 cents on the dollar that are just piling up and collecting dust and you start storing things you bought at your mother's house, your friend's house and even your dog's house.  For some people if they cannot go to the swap meet they get the shakes.  They will lie to their wife (husband) and girlfriend (boyfriend) to go to the swap meet because buying things at the swap meet is like stealing legally.  Mainland and Japanese tourist would laugh at you when they see all the things that you bought at the swap meet.....a stuffed mongoose!  Ha!  Ha!  Ha!P.S. There is a $1.00 entry fee to start or satisfy your addiction to the swap meet.Sunday's OnlyP.P.S.  The "for locals" section are rows A, B and C; Sections 10 thru 14.P.P.P.S.  For homemade cookies, mango bread, banana nut bread, corn bread, coconut mochi, chocolate dobash visit Barbara in stall 12C23. $2.00 for a chocolate dobash loaf.  Moist, chocolatey and delicious!!!P.P.P.P.S. For Phalaenopsis and cattleya visit Clem in stall12A25.P.P.P.P.P.S. If you do counseling for people that have a swap meet addiction; I can find you many, many clients.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,3/31/2011,291,92,5,7,7>There are three things that makes a cafe stand out of the rest: coffee quality, music and customer service.Glazer's offer all three and more!The coffee quality is very high and fresh.  You can taste the bitter coffee but it's not overly bitter and still sweet.  One cup keeps me awake while other coffees makes me fall asleep.  Am I the only one who feels more sleepy after drinking a steaming cup of coffee?  Coffee runs around $4 which is common and you get a lot for that price.  The cups are NOT tiny!  I've had the hazelnut latte, americano, and french press...all very satisfying.On top of the phenomenon coffee taste, the owner sam blows it out of the water with his talented coffee art!  Hearts? Teddy bears? Kittens? Great skill!  It also shows that he knows how to create perfect froth.  I honestly would come back for the music alone.  Unlike Starbuck's loud and obnoxious music, Sam plays calming jazzy love songs that isn't too loud even when I was sitting right next to a speaker.  I was able to study...hard to do in most noisy coffee shops.  I love the cute drawings on the window, FREE WIFI, many outlets and tables, artistic photography on the wall, dim lights but not too dark and the dark wood floors.  And there's this adorable tiny telephone booth he keeps ads in *heart*Lastly, customer service is great.  Sam is very nice and friendly. I don't feel rushed or ignored.  A very warm, relaxing and welcoming place!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,3/30/2011,360,130,7,8,8>I don't know much about Indian food.There I said it. Don't judge me.I came here on a Monday night at 8. I must have been lucky, because according to the other reviews, it's supposedly very busy to the point that there's no parking and a long wait. We got parking in the lot and we waited no more than 5 minutes for a table. Shortly after our arrival though, there were at least 5 groups waiting for a table.This place is decorated in the same way I've seen every Indian business or restaurant. Deep saturated color, lots of metal work, draped tapestries. Though what surprised me were Tiffany-style chandeliers hanging above us. Hmm, I didn't catch that in the Decorating Indian-style For Dummies book. Regardless, I liked them.So, being a newbie to Indian food, we decided to order one lamb dish, one chicken dish, and one fish (sea bass) dish. My company demanded we have rice, while I wanted roti bread- so we ordered both as a starch.As we waited for a food, we watched some Bollywood and were served water in tin/brass cups.Our food came out. Everything was divine. Each dish had it's own unique rich flavors. We devoured all the fish masala curry almost immediately, along with the roti bread that I ordered. We are definitely ordering those two things again.Guess what was leftover! The Rice. So IN-YOUR-FACE demanders of rice. Not like the rice was bad or anything, but I like it when people's taste buds agree with me more than their words.Sooooo eating here again. Perhaps tonight!
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,3/29/2011,367,27,15,13,8>So yelp has this thing that pops up in the right column that says "write a review" or "Your next review awaits".  Every time I look it says "you're the Duke" and I feel like I'm obligated to write a review since I'm the damn Duke!This place has grown on me as I've frequented it to grow my Dukedom.  No, I don't get a crown or a slew of ladies wanting to meet THE Duke.  Rather I get my usual order of 2 eggs over-easy, 2 pieces of bacon, all served over a plate of fried rice.  Amazing? Not necessarily, but great for the price.  This meal before 8am is $2.99.  $2.99!!! Yes, you can't make that meal at home for that price.  So, ladies and gentlemen this is why I keep coming back to see my korean mama-san.  When entering you see older furniture, random meal options posted on the wall, a digital gaming machine, and a bunch of regulars who are there everyday for their coffee and to hangout.  This makes you feel like your walking into your grandma's living room and all her croquet and crochet buddies are hanging out.  Thank goodness these people don't know what Yelp is or else I'd be fearful of losing my Dukeness! The variety is awesome and the price unbeatable.  Oh and coffee is bottomless...*Wink* for all you people thinking what I'm thinking.  Remember to bring quarters because there is metered street parking.  And for you early birds they have 1 egg, 1 piece of meat, and 1 scoop rice for 99 cents before 6am.  As Jay-z says "I got 99 problems....but the price aint one."Peace............
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,3/28/2011,208,45,23,8,9>If you're a single guy, then Ginza is the place you need to be! Ton's of girls! If you're a single girl, then Ginza is where you might want to be. Ton's of guys, but they're all just standing around the dance floor petrified. I don't really know if thats a good thing.This place is in the old Noblesse/Blackjack location on Kona St. Just go down the street and look for the huge swarm of people standing outside. The interior is nice. A lot better than blackjack, although it is a bit dark in the lounge area. Once you get to the dancefloor/bar area it's a bit better. Darkness might enhance beer goggles, so use caution when talking to people. Drinks are half off before midnight so they are pretty cheap. I can't really remember how much they are after, as I'm usually faded. I hear that there is a cover. I hear it's around $30. I hear if you go to ka first, the cover for ginza is half off if you're a dude, free if you have boobs. Boobs, not moobs. Sorry dudes. I can't guarantee this as I was drunk when I heard it, but try it out and let me know how it goes. Everyone seems to know each other and are pretty cliquish, so if you roll solo, just make like you own the place. Either that or start a dance battle in the middle of the floor. You'll make friends with everyone :)We've been coming here a lot, so if you guys see me there, say whats up and we'll have a yelpy in person drink thing!!!
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,3/27/2011,731,1118,19,16,10>I'm OCD about my car and prefer to hand wash it myself, not pay a machine $18 to do it for me? Yet, on this day...I found myself tired and unable to give my baby its weekly wash and decided to succumb to the temptation and try out the infamous Cosmo-Yajima car wash.On the basis of its convenient town location, I would highly consider stopping by. Add to that the fact they have a very comfortable waiting room with coffee and iced green tea adds some extra stars in my book.On my first visit, I drove in to the station and was greeted by one of their attendants who asked what type of wash I wanted. I quickly said, "first time, what are my options." He quickly explained to me what they offered and I decided to just get a wash, wax, and tire/wheel polish since I wasn't about to unload all the junk that was in my car.They gave me my order slip and I went on in and paid my fee. After bumping into a friend and quickly chatting it up, my car was ready in a flash (extra points here for speed). As I came out, there was my baby. Shining clean, no spots, no dirt, and the wheels with a polished finish! Feelings of hurt, anguish, and pain came as my knees buckled. It dawned on me, that there was someone else out there who could take care of my beloved baby as well as I could. Add to the fact that a machine brought such satisfaction adds to the pain and anguish I felt. A few days later I was back again..this time with an empty car only to order a vacumn cleaning. They did an amazing job and as I sat there in the driveway listening to Bruno Mars playing on the radio, I cried...knowing that there was finally a car wash out there that was worthy of my car....So you might be asking yourself, why only the four stars and not five? Because I am a very bitter man...very bitter and jealous of the fact that there is a business out there who could be worthy to touch my car. Oh..and its about $20 to clean...:-)
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,3/26/2011,207,115,12,10,10>The Pad Thai here is REALLY REALLY good, so good in fact that I would come here again dispite the fact that its a drinky bar...I came here because of the positive reviews from Yelp and Im sure I looked like I was lost when I walked in. I quickly told them I was here for takeout and Emi the bartender handed me a menu. I ordered the chicken pad thai and green chicken curry mild not spicy. As I was waiting for my food, the girls began to make small talk with me along with the intermittent Thai speak and giggle to each other all were all very pleasant though, asking me where I was from and so forth, typical bar convo I assume. The pad thai was very spicy for "mild" which made me sweat profusely, my friend kept looking at me to see If I was ok as the heat of the dish didn't seem to affect her as much, but whatevers. Pad Thai was so good, the green chicken curry was delicious as well, lots of chicken, eggplant and bamboo shoots and yes very spicy. Im not a Pad Thai expert so I kept looking for confirmation from my friend that the Pad Thai was indeed as good I thought it was, and yes she confirmed. I would most definitely come here again, the food is really good and the girls are all very nice, it's a hole in the wall joint that will be getting my patronage in the future for sure.  On my way out one of the girls told me that they open at 11am and that I should play darts with them next time..Im not sure what that meant but I will be back for the food!
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,3/25/2011,173,319,6,9,9>Monthly girls outings with my bests from high school have been going on since our sophomore year of college. On our most recent outing, there were only three of us. We recently had the urge for some Asian goodness and initially decided on Tanaka Saimin.  However, life and it's mishaps intervened, and the two townies (myself and my best Theresa ) headed over to the windward side to meet up with Amy. I really wanted to go to a mom&pop and I was still craving some Asian food so, as Amy listed the different places available, we all ended up agreeing on Kin Wah.  I've always wanted to try this place and I've tasted some of their dishes on one of our potlucks.  We were excited and crossing our fingers that we'd find parking (it's a pretty tight parking lot). This time, God intervened, and there was a space right in front of the restaurant.  We were seated in a booth after waiting for about 10 minutes.  We ordered four dishes. 1)Pork Hum Ha with Ong Choy: this is an acquired taste.  I enjoyed it but could only have a small amount.  2) Shrimp fried rice: this was good.  I thought the shrimp was cooked just right and they were very clean. 3)Crispy Gau Gee mein: This is one of my favorites because I love those crispy gau gees!  The noodles were yummy and had the right amount of gravy.  The pork inside the gau gee was delicious as well.4) Our last dish was the Broccoli with Pork with cake noodle.  Their cake noodle is the bomb!! i loved every single bite of it! These dishes made me want to come back and try something else from this busy Chinese restaurant.  It's also reasonably priced especially for the amount you get for it.  The staff is here fast and they're always moving around.  It took awhile for us to get refills of our waters, but, when we did they were nice and came out with boxes before we even asked for them!
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2010,3/24/2011,392,296,11,11,11>On a tip from Susan F. I decided to try out El Charro and I was not mislead.  Walking up to the place you would think it is not that good with the surrounding "homely" area of the bowling alley, tons of people going there, and the unkept surroundings.  But as soon as you step in you will be stunned by the clean, well lit, and happy environment.The special of the day was 3 enchiladas with your choice of filling with beans and rice.  We decided to get 2 specials with all kinds of fillings to try them all.  I had to try the beef tongue, shredded beef, kalua pork. The other had the shredded chicken and beef tongue.  And guess what, the beef tongue was a WINNNNNNER!  Seasoned just right and the soft goodness was unbelieveable....  The other fillings were good and the shredded beef even had some pineapple inside which was a surprise at first but more than delicious in the end.The wait staff was EXTREMELY helpful and even gave us samples of the Horchata and the flower juice from Jamaica (not sure about the name).  They were both VERY good.The crowning event was the dessert, just look at the pics.  It was called sopapilla....it was SUPAono!  Trust me, just go try it.....El Charro and I are going to be good friends for a long time coming.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,3/23/2011,704,321,24,9,9>Freaking hilarious! Look... I'm not going to lie to you... watching tourists stuff their faces isn't everyone's cup of tea... BUT IT'S MINE! The excitement crackling through the air as people rush about stuffing their pie-holes was exhilarating! RUN! IT'S A HUMAN FEEDING FRENZY! RUN! Oh my god! This is the funniest tourist trap in the world! Hello Kitty themed buffet!? Are you kidding! WONDERFUL! Sure the food was just OK and they kinda control the "All you can eat" aspect with a bunch of micro-rules, but to be perfectly honest... the grilled lobster rocked!You're kinda crazy if you go to a buffet expecting hand crafted sushi of the highest order, but they did have two things on the menu I've never tried before so that makes up for it! Raw Abalone and fermented soy beans, both intriguing tastes... and both something I'm likely to approach much more carefully in the future! Anywhoo... the staff were great for what they have to deal with on a daily basis, and watching a German trying to figure out a Seafood/American/ Japanese buffet was probably the funniest thing I've seen in 10 years! Only do this place once... but do do it! Speaking of doo-doo... excuse me... "fermented soy beans", need I say more?
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,3/22/2011,144,174,4,5,5>Well my triglycerides are back to its normal levels so I've been happily hitting up Da Kitchen again (in moderation of course -- wink --).I've tried the mahi tempura and the pot roast and both were fantastic. The mahi came with 3 huge pieces of fish with a light, extra crunchy batter. The only thing is they give you this extremely tiny cup of tartar sauce which barely is enough for one piece; asking for another cup is a must.The pot roast was tender and was also a generous portion. Aside from the usual mac or green salad, the dish included potatoes that were cooked with the roast AND rice. This dish was one of the specials that day and was very filling.One thing that I don't like about this place is they charge you extra if you want to substitute brown rice instead of white. The dishes are quite pricey already (but you get a lot of food) so adding an extra $2.50 for brown rice makes the cost even steeper.Oh well, doesn't matter, this won't stop me from coming here.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,3/21/2011,266,263,9,8,9>I love you Aunty Angry Korean Lady for your orgasmic food and I promise to bring you beer & cigarettes next time I come kau kau. I promise not to bring my mother here because I think your personalities would clash. Two Alphas in the same room is not good.I also promise next time I eat your chive pancake that I won't get freaked out at the sight of it.Oh and thank you for letting us call you Aunty without swearing at us like you swore at your parking ticket.Saranghaeyo AuntyAngryKoreanLady!!!!
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,3/20/2011,164,68,7,8,8>It took an amazing restaurant to pull me out of my two-month Yelp hiatus! After an deelish breakfast (at 12 noon hehe) at Yogurstory, I knew this place deserved some kudos!First of all, this morning's meal was my second trip to Yogurstory in under 24 hours :P Yes, I was that impressed with my dinner last night that I forced my bf to take me there again for breakfast hehe. Yesterday I had the BANH MI SANDWICH with green salad, and he had the EGGS BENEDICT. I appreciated that the banh mi french bread wasn't hard and didn't cut the roof of my mouth. The salad/dressing was also yummy. My bf's verdict on his eggs benedict was that it was delicious, but wasn't as good as Cinnamon's version. He compares all breakfast places to Cinnamon's :PThis morning we shared the FAT PIG FRIED RICE and the RED CARPET, which is a red velvet belgium waffles with taro creamcheese drizzled in chocolate syrup and red velvet cake croutons on top. OMG best breakfast in a looooong time! The fried rice was seriously the best fried rice I've ever had. It was really flavorful and especially yummy if you crave salt in your meals. The waffles were also very delicious! All those ingredients fit really well together. I'd probably enjoy the dish more as a dessert than a breakfast though.I'll echo everyone in saying that the decor is beautiful. That was probably one of the things that made me want to come back - I needed to try out all all the different chairs that they have in there :P I also love the live tree they have growing indoors.They would've got a perfect 5/5 stars had the service been a weee bit more attentive. Also, my bf picked up some self-serve yogurt and noticed some flies flying around the area - probably attracted to the residual yogurt-sugar. But I guess that's what happens when the place opens up to an cute outdoor seating area. Cannot be helped :\All and all, I REALLY liked it and will be back for more! The hours are great! The food is nom! There's free wifi! (...omg they're coming for you, Fresh Cafe :P)
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,3/19/2011,212,76,6,6,9>Melt is a new lunch wagon that serves premium grilled cheese sandwiches.  At the time of writing this they had their soft grand opening in front of FITTED to help celebrate that stores 5th year selling custom hats and clothing.  They don't know what their "permanent" location will be, but plan on touring Kona Street (near Fitted and V-Lounge) before moving over to the North Shore in Haleiwa.  To commemorate the huge success of FITTED and the opening of MELT, they also released a collaboration t-shirt that included a free Triple Melt.  It was the free Triple Melt that made me stay around and get hooked to this awesome new idea and twist on something so simple yet delicious.Alot of their ingredients look like they come from Whole Foods (I was snooping around the foot of the entrance to the truck and found some Whole Food grocery bags!).  The ingredients also seem pretty exotic for a grilled cheese sandwich, "cave-aged gruyere, vermont cheddar, and dutch gouda" are the mainstays of cheese that they use in varying degrees for each sandwich.  Not your run of the mill Krafts singles huh?  THE SANDWICHES:Because of the premium ingredients, you can expect to pay a premium price, for a sandwich, their cheapest "Triple Melt" will leave you craving a bit more on the average appetite and still burning a $5 hole to your wallet.  The "Melt of Shame" however sounds like it will rock your world with a 1/4 lb kuahiwi beef patty, melted between two grilled vermont cheddar sandwiches and sauteed onions.  The $11 price tag will scare most people off, but if you're looking for the most exotic grilled cheese sandwich on the island, you will have found it with this bad boy.  I wanted to try it but I had already dropped $20 on my meal here.The "Bacon Melt" isn't as cheesy as the Triple Melt, but the bacon and cheese mixture, was an orgasm for everything bad you could possibly digest from this place.  It was oily, but it was good.  It felt like a sinful pleasure.  But at $8 for the size of this sandwich, I almost felt like how I feel after leaving a strip club... not fully satisfied.The "Tomato Soup" was described to me as... "marinara sauce" by my friend. I laughed off the thought because it made excellent dipping sauce for my Triple and complimented the cheese very well.  But in reality, my friend wasn't far from the truth.  It was $2 though, so I didn't feel like it should be premium soup.  But be forewarned, it's just there to act as a dipping sauce, not a meal on its own.The Slush, WOW... maybe it was the heat, but I downed this goodness after my first sandwich.  In fact I downed it so fast, I can barely recall the exact flavors on my palette at that time, but I can tell you it was of a lilikoi variety I'm sure of it.  It was good! But then again, I was dying of thirst, so this part of the review might be a bit biased.SUMMARY:  It's a boutique type of lunch wagon that serves premium and exotic grilled cheese sandwiches.  You pay for what you get in terms of quality but not quantity; don't assume you can cheap out and be full!  I spent almost $20 and felt like a champ.  Bigger brothas and sistahs out there might have to drop a bit more!  Service?  Can't really comment on the service just yet, they were slammed when I went, apparently they have a huge Twitter following as well.  It did take almost 15 minutes to get my order.  But then again, on a non busy day this might be a different story.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,3/18/2011,31,112,8,8,7>"Hi, you have reached Inferno's Woodfire Pizza. Due to the high volume of walk ins, we're not taking any call ins at this time."This is the message that answered me as I followed other people's recommendation to call ahead to avoid the long wait. With no other choice I drove down to their location between Nimitz and Kalihi. As I pulled in the parking lot, I saw a sign in front of the tent saying, "40 minutes wait." Part of me wanted to just wanted to go elsewhere however the determined and somewhat persistent part of me really wanted to try how good the pizza really is. I followed the latter part of me and ordered a sopressata pizza for $8. The guy who took my order informed me that my pizza will be ready in about 30 minutes. A voice inside me screamed, "30 minutes!?!?! That's an 30 lifetimes for a hungry fat blob like the one you're talking to right now, Mister!"  as I paid the guy for my pizza. As a courtesy, I was given the option of waiting for my pizza or giving them my name and phone number so that they could call me once my pizza is ready while I go elsewhere. Again I chose the latter and drove down to the nearby Sand Island Canoe Park to snap some pics. After about 25-30 minutes, I finally received the call that my pizza would be in ready in a few minutes. I hurriedly drove down to the place to pick up my freshly made brick-oven pizza and headed down to the Moanalua 99 Food court because the few tables and parking stalls that Inferno's had, were already occupied. The wonderful smell of the newly cooked pizza emanated in my car and drove me crazy that I found myself having somewhat of a road rage yelling at cars ahead of me to move out of the way because I have a hot pizza dying to just be eaten and enjoyed. Finally after the longest 5 minutes of my life, I arrived at the Monalua 99 food court, quickly find a table to sit and start eating my pizza.At first glance, the pizza didn't look any different from any other pizzas I've had (see pic). However, at first bite, I was taken into pizza heaven and all my struggles to get this sopressata pizza have vanished. The combination of the fresh dough, mozzarella and Parmiggiano-Reggiona cheese, San Marzano Tomato Sauce along with the Italian-cured salami gave my mouth the sweet, tangy, and savory flavor that started a party in my mouth that still haven't ceased. The thin crust was charred, chewy and crunchy all at the same time which I really enjoyed. It wasn't rubbery and/or soggy like other pizzas I've had. In my opinion, no one ingredient overpowered the other which gave the pizza a well-balanced taste which I really enjoyed. It's truly worth the wait if you ask me and the price is very reasonable and affordable for what you're getting, a restaurant quality pizza which deserves more attention than those overly-commercialized ones. I'm definitely hook and will surely comeback again for more! Maybe next time I'll try their prosciutto di parma and the other pizzas they have on their menu.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,3/17/2011,275,84,2,12,4>Wow. Just .... wow. Amazing!Masato, I'm sorry you didn't get to try the kushiage! They are absolutely serving now, and it was great. I had the tomato & bacon, the shrimp and the pork belly w/onion. DELICIOUS. I love bacon with a passion, so seeing it on the menu made it a must eat. All of the items were great! The pork belly was nice and soft, and the shrimp was cooked just enough (though, maybe a little tough).Each kushiage order comes with two sauces - a standard katsu sauce (a little sweeter than typical tonkatsu sauce, but also mixed with goma seeds for a little bit of sesame flavor) and a citrus "tartar sauce" of sorts. As you can expect, the tartar sauce went well with the shrimp kushiage, while the katsu sauce went well with the pork belly & onion. If spice is your fancy, I recommend two additions: wasabi and the special spice that they have. I was told it was intended to be for their yakitori dishes (which unfortunately won't be rolled out until December 7), but you can add it to kick the spice of the sauces up a bit. It's basically a mix of togarashi pepper, furikake and goma seeds, served in a small, red bottle. Definitely added to the experience of the katsu sauce!Eater beware, though - when stuff comes out of a fryer fresh and oozes juice at you when you bite it, it's HOT! The grape tomato and pork juices are no exception. Also, if you've ever wondered why Japanese fried foods come with cabbage, Umami's menu has your answer!Right now, though, the *best* thing about Umami is the service. Because it's a soft opening, not a lot of traffic has been coming through the restaurant ... yet. I was able to briefly chat with the owners of Umami and got to see first-hand their desire to be there for their customers and make sure that they're happy. Mr. Kato, one of the owners, is a very humble, gracious man - if you enjoyed your meal, please be sure to thank him!Pro tip, though - if you have a choice, eat at the bar and get to know John, the bartender at Umami. He's downright amazing at mixing drinks, and has won contests to prove it. If it's a slow night, and you're feeling adventurous, ask him to make something for you and give him just a hint or two (e.g., "I like sweet drinks" or "I enjoy strawberry and sake"). He'll pop out an amazing drink for you. Potential drawbacks: limited parking (may have to search on Kaimuki Ave.); limited menu - though, I'm looking forward to what it'll look like once they're finally open; can get a lot pricey; not much in the way of healthier options, but then again, you chose to eat at a kushiage restaurant. Haha.Positives: awesome service, great food, excellent variety of drinks, beautiful presentation.All in all, I'm VERY excited to return here again with friends. It was a great experience and am looking forward to sharing it with others. In addition, I got to hear about the upcoming plans for Umami, with regards to events, menu offerings, drinks, etc., and I'm personally excited to see how this restaurant will evolve.ETA: Pics added!ETA again: Try the pokedon. Pricey, but delicious. Ask for some wasabi for that extra kick (and in case you need to clear your nasal passages).
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,3/16/2011,588,341,15,12,14>I have a confession to make.  I started giving blood because I noticed my coworkers returning to the office with cookies and even though I could very well walk my lazy and cheap ass over to cookie corner and purchase some myself, imho things always taste better when they're free, no?From there I just fell in love with Danny and the rest of the rotating staff of phlebotomists here who are always so nice and cheerful - really, they're so friendly I thought they were getting a commission on my blood or something.  Unfortunately, more times than not i'm defferred for low iron but Danny still offers me cookies ... truly the only reason I come anyway...oh yeah, and to save lives!  While waiting to be questioned and iron-levels tested, I stare enviously at the wall of fame hoping to one day make it up there for number of pints donated.  Sadly, I think this dream will remain unfulfilled. sigh.I enjoy the people and atmosphere at this location so much I go out of my way to donate here exclusively even though I no longer work in downtown.  No matter that finding parking is a pain and their hours are townie-worker friendly-only (close at 2 and only Monday - Friday I think).  They're just that awesome!
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,3/15/2011,1394,153,10,17,15>I'm addicted to this place!! It has such a variety and they do it well :)  I also like how they add new things to the menu and keep it fresh!I love the Waikiki one the best! The staff is awesome and the GM, chef, and food is always consistently fabulous!IFirst, I love that they give a super addicting spicy edamame.  It's such a healthier, tastier option than the run of the mill bread and butter served at most restaurants.  It truly is addicting and a nice "local" staple!The service here is truly top notch.  I've been to many fancy restaurants and they really are attentive.  They have SO many employees that you don't really ever have to wait for anything and they can read your mind! We ordered the Nalo Salad - beets, hamakua tomatoes, onions.  Very tasty dressing.We ordered the new Bangkok roll.....YUM!! My dad is not really a huge fan of sushi and even he loved it! They just put it on their menu a month ago and it's been a hit!  They use jicama, ahi tartare, and chiso, which is a very unique, interesting, and truly delicious combination!The TNT roll - spicy ahi, is very fresh and very tasty!! Good quality fish and it has macadamia nuts sprinkled on it....yet another local ingredient just to remind you you're in Hawaii!The Hot-mama is SO good! Baked negi (type of onion), hamachi tartare, avocado, bubu arare - such original ingredients and I love how creative they are with their sushi! It has so many layers to this simple sushi!For appetizer, we ordered the new veal potstickers they just added to their menu.  It is SO good!! It has spicy garlic aioli sauce and kochi jong sauce!! LOVE IT!Now onto the 3 bean minestrone.  They also just came out with this soup and it's on their new vegan prix fixed menu as well.  The flavors are bold and DEFINITELY a must try! It has Nalo kale, tomato, hearts of palm, black pepper, and the 3 different beans and yummy homemade croutons that soak up all the goodness of the soup! Definitely not your regular minestrone soup! More please!We ordered the veal medallions with mashed potato and green beans.  It was cooked very nicely, but quite a small portion of everything.  The flavors didn't jump out at me, but it was tasty.The shortribs with potato were VERY good!! Melt in your mouth and the flavor was simple yet comforting.My uncle ordered the shrimp and snapper with pesto, pancetta, and gnocchi.  It was WAY too salty and not a very good combination.  I would for sure pass on this one!And of course, to finish.........the ever-amazing chocolate souffle!! This never disappoints! No matter how full you are, you always have to make room for this dessert! Hands down my favorite!!!So when asking yourself, is it worth going to Roys?  You better believe it!! I really do think the Waikiki one is his best restaurant.  I love that they use local ingredients and have an Asian flare to things.  I can't wait to go again!!
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,3/14/2011,52,96,5,9,6>I can't remember the last time I thought drinking a cup of thai green curry was a good idea. Well... I just did.To say this place is a hole in the wall is an understatement.  If I haven't seen some of the reviews here, I would not be brave enough to try it.  I got there at 7:30pm and they have started to clean up. My order was pad thai with tofu and green curry with chicken, both medium heat.The pad thai was spot on.  The noodle is al dente and not sticky.  It has just the right amount of bean sprouts, peanuts, chili, and other flavoring.  Not sure if the end of the day has anything to do with it but mine was a hair oily but I couldn't stop eating it.  They used a combination of hard and aburage style fried tofu.  I would have preferred to skip the aburage.  A couple more wedges of lemon would have given this the perfect sour kick.  4.5 stars on this one.The green curry was absolutely superb.  The curry itself was perfectly seasoned.  Strong kaffir lime leaves, rich coconut milk, just the right amount of chili, and perfectly cooked vegetables.  Awesome!!  Knowing what I know now, I would have skipped the chicken (breast meat slices isn't a good match) and just go meatless (not even tofu).  Ignore the meat, 5 stars on the curry.The rice was barely enough for half the sauce.  Big eaters should get an additional order of rice.  At the end of the meal, I started sipping the curry.  Before I know it, it was all gone.While I was there waiting, I was talking to Kenny for a bit. Nice and friendly guy.  He asked how I became aware of the place.  When I said Yelp, he actually knew what it is.  Now that's someone who pay attention to what the public is saying about the restaurant.  Thumbs up.This is a place I will definitely go back as often as I can.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,3/13/2011,295,401,23,27,26>After watching a movie, we cruised here for a quick bite....as in a late night happy hour. Yes, you heard me right, happy hour after 10PM till closing! I was more in the mood for a slice of key lime pie ($7.50) and a pomegranate margarita on the rocks ($5 during HH). The key lime could have been more tart because I love the sour, pucker feeling. The margarita was good enough for only $5. The service was fine. Too bad I couldn't enjoy the view because it was dark. But when you are craving for some drinks and light pupus at happy hour prices, check this place out after 10PM.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,3/12/2011,329,156,3,8,8>Huge fan of the Alley Restaurant and not cause I'm a regular here due to my bowling league.  Not fair to the rest of the dishes, but I can only really review the tasty chicken.  The tasty chicken is AMAZING!  This deep fried goodness is crunchy, loaded with garlicy flavor and packed with tender meat.  Just recently, I tried the alley style mahi.  The mahi is battered, similar to jun style, but what makes this dish is the sauce, which also doubles as their salad dressing.  The fish was very tender bringing out the natural flavor of the mahi.  The sauce definitely kicks this dish up a notch!  The dressing, if you've never had it, is a oriental black sesame seed style dressing.The food here is more than amazing.  You may have to wait a little, but for bowling alley food, it is worth it.  If you eat at the alley, you almost forget that you're eating in a bowling alley.  I definitely recommend this place and I will be back on Wednesday (league night, haha).  5 stars because where you gonna get bowling alley food like this?!Oh, yeah, I've only tried the pumpkin crunch, but from what I hear all the desserts are on par with the food...AMAZING!
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,3/11/2011,244,267,3,14,6>My Notes: 1.) Read some of the other reviews because it will give you a sense of what to expect.  2.) Make Reservations by Calling the Honolulu Academy of Arts:  Tour Fee is $25 for Adults and $20 for Kama'aina!  Advance Payment is required and if you cancel you will not be reimbursed. 3.) You will be taken to the site via a tour bus. The tour bus we rode had about 25 seats, and Doris herself specifically stated that she wanted only small groups going through the house at a time. (That's what our tour guide said!) 4.) The trip to the house was a short drive to the Kahala/Diamond Head area.  One would have never known that house was there!  But there it was, we ascended down a short winding hill that lead to the estate! 5.)  Unfortunately you are not able to take pictures inside the house but you can definitely take pictures outside.  See the virtual tour of the house at shangrilahawaii.org/Tour…Though the virtual tour gives you a good idea of how the house look one will not appreciate the true intricate nature of the home unless seen in person, plus you get to say you've been to a home where Elton John and Imelda Marco's has stayed!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,3/10/2011,2265,40,42,16,22>Did you know....Japanese people eat very little fat and have fewer heart attacks than Americans.Mexicans eat a lot of fat and have fewer heart attacks than Americans.Chinese drink very little red wine and have fewer heart attacks than Americans.Italians drink a lot of red wine and have fewer heart attacks than Americans.Germany drink a lot of beer eat sausage but suffer fewer heart attacks than Americans.So what the HELL does this all mean you might be asking yourself.... well, conclusion, eat and drink whatever you like, being American is what kills you.... and with that said....I love coming here, they are creative, inventive and innovative with their creations, and it's always changing so there is always new shit to look foward to on your next return. The French patisserie foundation with the heavy Japanese influence makes for some interesting concoctions...Seeking a fun date? Just pick 4 random fruit parfait cups and share it outside spoon feeding each other tantalizing delights. Want to mix up the night scene? Order some of their coffee jelly and bust it out on Jello shot night! Create an unforgettable birthday? Grab a strawberry shortcake from La palme and surprise your friend Jenn at work at her drinkie drinkie bar. When everyone is blowing out flaming shots and having their cake and eating it too with Hashi(chopsticks, cuz that's all they have at bars), you can smile at random hovering dudes as they pass by and after their funny looks you expertly raise another piece of cake to your mouth with your chopstick and ask, "What... is this weird???".Rusty on your French, not sure how to pronounce the name? Just stand in front of their glass doors, call them up, and wait for the cute girl(they are always cute) to answer with the name, and just tell them I just called because I don't know how to say the name and didn't want to ask as you walk in. They'll never forget you after that... you'll always been, "That guy" which will help when you ask for extra ice packs. *smirk*
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,3/9/2011,1057,49,2,16,9>It was only in December that master chef Philippe Padovani, who had been focused on creating gourmet chocolates in a small store at Dole Cannery, decided to dive back into the restaurant business. He took over the space previously managed by business partner Donato Loperfido ('Elua and Sapori) in Uraku Tower on Kapiolani Boulevard, then set about renovating and rebuilding practically from the ground up to open in less than a month's time.My coworkers and I are friends and fans of his, thanks to his chocolate shop, and we've become big boosters of his efforts online.Though Padovani's Grill is open, it's still more of a "soft open," with tweaks and changes still taking place on a daily basis. Reviews of restaurants during this phase are always a tricky thing, but I was just too eager to see what Padovani had come up with.We basically tried to order a cross section of items on the lunch menu (and the chef picked the desserts):- Maui onion soup gratinée (appetizer)- Risotto (daily special) with mushrooms and snow peas.- Baked Itailian eggplant- Sauteed shrimp and fettuccine- Sauteed chicken & penne pasta in curry sauce- Crispy confit of Muscovy duck leg (a specialty)- Tiramisu- Fig and port wine ice creamAbsolute favorite dishes? The duck leg is popular for a reason. The crispy skin is a fantastic (almost local Filipino) touch, and the Beluga lentils were surprisingly good. (For dinner, he adds foie gras! Mmm... fat on fat!) And while I'm not a salad guy, the baked eggplant was wonderful. The onions smoothed things out, the kalamata olives added just the right amount of tanginess.I have to rave about the desserts, next. And they weren't even on the menu yet! First, tiramisu is a pretty common dish, but I dare say Padovani's is the best I've had. Impossibly light, wonderfully flavored, and the cinnamon and sauce just right. But Padovani also sent out fig and port ice cream... something we'd never heard of, but immediately loved. Ice cream with specks of sour figs would never be something we'd have sought out on our own, but even now, hours later, I can still recall the taste. And it's a good taste.What else?The shrimp and fettuccini was a solid entree, a likely order for a less adventurous diner. And the shrimp were served with tails removed, my coworker noted, which was a nice touch. The sautéed chicken and penne pasta with curry sauce was an unexpected Asian twist on a conventional pasta dish. But if you're at all a fan of Thai curry, with its multitude of flavors, you might find the simple mix here a little flat.The weakest item was probably the Maui onion soup. It had an impeccable pedigree in terms of ingredients ("Gruyere & Emmenthaler Cheese from the Alps"!), but frankly, the combination was too sweet and subdued. But at least one member of our party really liked it!The service was good, on its way to being great, but as with any restaurant, everyone's still trying to find their rhythm. I suspect Padovani will have the team gliding about like a well oiled machine in no time.The location is... a quirky one for a restaurant, for some not easy to see or find from the street. But there is a good amount of underground parking, provided you don't miss the driveway on Kapiolani Boulevard. Once you've found it, you'll think of it as your special place -- not many fine dining establishments within a "working lunch" distance of downtown have parking!The elevator is out of order at the time of this writing, so take the stairs or ramp back up to the entrance.Padovani's Grill will absolutely highlight the chef's gourmet roots and talents, but expand and explore just enough to be a little more accessible to the local business lunch and fine dining dinner crowd. We'll definitely be back often, if only to see what new things he's testing out on Honolulu's more adventurous and curious palates.Note: Chef Padovani unexpectedly comped our meal, though we tried hard to pay. Obviously, it's a bit much for a restaurant just getting off its feet. We vowed to return for another broad sampling, completely on the books.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,3/8/2011,60,72,5,10,8>Reading some reviews ahead of time, we decided to park at Walmart and walk over.  That actually worked really well without dealing with the stress of finding street parking.  From the outside, we could see inside through the clear glass windows into the modern decor.  As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by chants of irrashaimasei!  One of the waiters then proceeded from behind the counter to seat us.  He asked us if we wanted to sit on the counter or on a table, and we opted for a counter seat to watch the cooking action.  After, he sat us, handed us out menus, and gave us tall glasses of water.  The menu was very vast and extensive and he explained how the ordering worked: basically each meat item comes on a skewer and you write down the quantity.  They also offered non-grilled items.We ordered a variety of food and it was a good thing we did because we noticed that the yakitori items took longer than the non-yakitori items, probably the reason why the rating isn't as high.  But if you think about it, it makes sense; it takes a while to grill meat.  Just be forewarned to order non-grilled items so you don't have to wait as long.  It was so worth the wait though!  All the meats (salted gizzard, teriyaki chicken thigh, spicy miso pork, and garlic ponzu beef) were juicy, tender, and oh so flavorful!  Even the non-grilled items were tasty like the tonkatsu ramen, takoyaki, negitoro, simmered beef tendon, and oyster with ponzu sauce.  We didn't care too much for the grilled musubi though because it was drowning in miso sauce.  It tasted like arare actually.The service is great and they are all really friendly!  We spoke with our waiters and he said that they opened on December 15, 2010.  They are pretty good for a place that has only been open for about a month.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,3/7/2011,127,169,49,76,56>Amongst all the concrete buildings that line Ward, is an oasis.  Now you'd never imagine there was a spa where Laka is located.  But once you climb the 70's inspired building's stairs, and walk through their front door, it's like a change of atmosphere.I got there for my appointment at 5pm a little early and was greeted by a gracious and happy front desk staff member.  I've never been to any other spa that asks you to remove your shoes at the door but waiting for my feet were these amazingly soft house slippers.  I was led to the waiting area to fill out some paperwork and then led to the women's locker room.  For a small place, they have it perfectly separated for men and women.  The facilities here are amazing!  Makes me want to install a whirlpool room in my house.  The spa is decorated with a homey modern flare.  Once I changed into my robe, my masseuse was ready for me and led me to my massage room.  This was the first time I had a male but who cares as long as they are perfectly capable of massaging pretty darn well.His name is Darren and he was amazing!  He listened to me about my trouble areas and really focused on those spots.  This is the first massage where I didn't fall asleep but that's no biggie.  He did an awesome job and at the end the knots had dissipated a little and I was in a relaxed mood.  At the end, they offered me tea and I graciously accepted.  To my surprise, it was some of the best sweet tea I've ever had.  Citrusy and refreshing and not too sweet (well at least for my buds).I'd definitely recommend this place! I came here because I purchased a Groupon coupon but I would definitely return without one.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,3/6/2011,419,552,3,7,7>Okay, now I'm pissed off after my botched Thai massage experience at Thai-Issan (see review: yelp.com/biz/thai-issan-…).  So what better way to lift your spirits than some Thai grinds.Stopped into Phuket Thai on Kamakee but the place was packed and we had no reservation.  We opted for the bar area, however no two seats together and even after getting people to scoot down, it was still cramped.  Grumpy and claustrophobic, I prompted we leave.  We headed to Pae Thai on King Street and the same situation.  No available tables.  A two-top we were told was just about to leave, however after 15 minutes I couldn't take it any longer and we left.We called Mekong 2 and inquired about their wait.  The girl chuckled at the end of the line, 'there's no wait sir'.  We arrived to a practically empty restaurant with only another couple present.  Good sign?  Relieved and very hungry, we ordered Tofu satay; Panang Curry w/ chicken; and Beef Larb (salad).The Tofu Satay was scrumptious fried pieces smothered in gooey peanut sauce goodness.  A bit too temperature hot, but delicious.The Beef Larb was exceptional!  Nicely spiced with fresh herbs and superb flavor.The Panang Curry was the weaker of the three dishes, but still okay.  However, it came with peas which I didn't think were a part of Thai cuisine.  Overall a pleasant experience without the crowds.  Made me almost forget about my rip off massage just hours prior.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,3/5/2011,236,241,7,9,5>forget cupcakes.  forget froyo.  SNOW ICE is the new dessert trend of the season (don't forget you heard it HERE first :P )!!  i read about frostcity last night on yelp and saw that it was near jiffy lube.  since my poor car was in need of an oil change, i sneakily tricked jenn t. into coming with me with promises of new sugary delicious frozen treats.  lucky for me, this was an excellent find (THANK YOU FELLOW YELPERS) and jenn t. and i will DEF be regulars from now on.  i mean there are at least 10 other flavors that we have to try before we make our final decision on snow ice right?  ;)  i had the green tea flavor and it was delicious, light, green tea icey goodness with a hint of condensed milk.  think just-snowed-fresh-powder with yummy flavors and THEN YOU EAT IT.  :D  the ice was beautifully layered and garnished with a strawberry slice and yummy yummy tapioca.  ahhh i seriously cannot wait to go back. service was also excellent.  the lady was super helpful in telling us about the different flavors and brought them to us when they were ready.  my only complaints are the price ($5 for a "small" which was actually pretty big but that's more expensive than froyo; about the same as bubbies though so i really can't complain) and i wish they gave you more fruits/tapioca with it!
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,3/4/2011,473,75,15,17,16>*This review is dedicated to the chocolate souffle*Dear Mr. Roy,Thank you for creating the most delicious and decadent dessert in the history of mankind.... the Chocolate Souffle!!!!!You don't know the happiness that it brings into my life. I dream happy dreams of chocolate souffles dancing in my head whenever I have a craving for it. Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you!!!Love,LindseyOkay now for the review... I feel like I can give a very accurate review of the chocolate souffle because I have eaten it about 35 times in my life and about 5000 times in my dreams. The chocolate souffle is so magical!! 30 minutes in the oven and out comes this beautiful masterpiece. It's so nice and warm straight out the oven and when you slice through it all the warm chocolate comes oozing out. Pure joy. Pure bliss. I can't even put into words the happiness I feel when the souffle is first put down onto the table in front of me. My eyes light up like a bon fire. My stomach too. So happy. So happy. So happy!!The perfect amount of chocolate with the perfect amount of delicious vanilla ice cream with the perfect amount of raspberry glaze. Also there's a small piece of cake hidden underneath the ice cream. Buried delicious treasure!!I love chocolate souffle so much I will go all the way out to Hawaii Kai from town just to eat it. Just last night I went with my cool Yelpy friend Ethan T. and we got there 20 minutes before closing. I had called earlier while we were on the way and requested for them to start making it since it takes 30 minutes to make. When we got there all the waiters were staring at us through the windows so I thought that they were closed. Then I saw one waiter approaching the door while we were walking up to it. I thought he was going to tell us that they were closed but he opened the door for us!! Hallelujah!!! The gateway to chocolate heaven!! I have arrived!!!5 minutes later our souffle arrived to our table since I called earlier! I enjoyed every single bite. Every bite was pure happiness!! The waiter even brought me a spoon while I was in the midst of my happiness blitz because he thought it would make it easier for me to enjoy. It was a nice gesture but I felt like he was watching me and my private moment with my love Mr. Souffle. I love Roy's!! Especially I love Hawaii Kai Roy's because they have really awesome service. Everyone there is so nice and so friendly. I would give Roy's 10 stars if I could.I would give them 20 stars for their great customer service.And I would give them 1,000,000,000 stars for their chocolate souffle.P.S Order a chocolate martini with the chocolate souffle. You will be in heaven!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,3/3/2011,82,144,7,4,4>I was afraid...I thought he was going to be like the famed Soup Nazi. I mean, after all, he is a man of few words. But I'll take it. I could eat his turkey pesto every day of the week...even if he doesn't say much when he serves it. (And surprise! You even get a little container PACKED full with a special macaroni salad!)  Nothing on the menu is bad...and everything in the refrigerator is good too.  I get so frustrated when my pasta salad is sold out! Dammit! The sign says not to ask for coffee when its busy during lunch time. The sign says this isn't fast food. (In other words, be patient, Fools.)I happen to like places that keep it kinda real. Stupidity happens to grow on trees here and some people need to be told the basics because common sense apparently doesn't. Two people run this little joint that cranks out REALLY flippin' good sammiches, soups, salads...among other things. So if it means you don't get coffee during the lunch rush, so be it. There's a green apron wearing barista just down the street who can help ya with that. Turns out, after you see him enough times, his vocabulary grows a little and he starts to say a little more with each visit. ;-)  But most women like to do all the talking anyway, right?
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,3/2/2011,150,149,2,11,9>All I can say is this is now my FAVORITE restaurant and I cant stop talking about it and I am dying to go again!!!! A little someone's b-day is coming up... Hint hint.... =)So we got to the new Edition Hotel (backside of the Ilikai) and pulled up to valet park our car and as soon as we stepped foot we were treated like royalty.  They literally had 10 valet, bell desk guys waiting to help and be at your beck and call..how's that for 5+ star service!!  I knew then that this place means business. So as we walked up to the restaurant I grew with anticipation as I had only heard extremely wonder reviews that I was just dying with pure eagerness.   We were quickly greeted by the upmost professional staff.  All I can say is that this hotel and restaurant spares no expense to service.  The ratio of servers to guest seemed like 4 guest to 1.  Now to say that is impressive the cooking staff was like an army.  The kitchen is an open kitchen and you can see straight in.  Since this restaurant just opened a couple days ago Iron Chef Morimoto was on site and in the kitchen.  How's that for AWESOME!  Also, most of the sushi chef's look like they just flew in from Japan.  The deco was very Martha Stewart-ish.  Clean fresh and simply elegant with the use of white, happy green, and hint of purple.  It was very inviting.  Now here is my review of the food.  I was shocked with the nice menu choices it had something for everyone.  We decided for our first visit we would do a medley of just appetizers which allowed us to try a little of everything and can I say that we weren't disappointed at all.  Our first dish to be served was the rock shrimp tempura and it was delectable.  They were bite size pieces of shrimp perfectly fried and crispy and seasoned with two different aioli's.  One was a spicy kochujan aioli and the other was a wasabi aioli.  They also had a coconut dipping sauce but the shrimp with their respected aioli was great in itself.  That was just a perfect start to our meal.  Next came the 10 hour pork kakuni which is his braised pork belly served on a hot rice congee.  It literally melted in your mouth and the flavor was orgasmic.  Then came his version of mandoo on a tomato sauce with bacon foam.  Yes I said FOAM.  All of their dishes are plated extremely well.  Their attention to detail in their presentation is quite first-class and such high quality.  Last we had the yosedofu which is fresh tofu created tableside.  The processes takes about 7-10 minutes. They bring this liquid soy that literally after their presentation and the wait turns into fresh tofu.  It is served with two dipping sauces the traditional soy sauce with the grated ginger, bonito flakes and scallions and my favorite a kim chee sauce which made the tofu in it taste like kim chee chige.  That was just a wonderful treat.  Unfortunately we were too full to try a dessert but definitely will next time.  (I can't believe I am saying this...I know what no dessert!)This is now a truly first-class restaurant and it comes highly recommended as you will not be disappointed at all you will come out saying now I understand why he is an iron chef and that title is well deserved. Since this was opening week, and Iron Chef Morimoto was there, I was lucky enough to meet him in person.  I just want to thank him and his amazing staff for a wonderful dining experience and I cant wait to the next time......
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,3/1/2011,213,426,6,5,6>"I think you really have to like Japanese food to like Hakkei" said Emi H. to me as we ate there....me for the first time.  I have to agree.  Luckily for us we both like to channel our inner obaachan.  Started off with little hand wipes at the table which I love.  Next we received green tea and a little salad appetizer with delicious fresh soft tofu and a wonderful asian dressing.  YUM!  There is something so lovely and appealing to me about receiving multiple tiny portions in cute little dishes for a meal.  Again, must be the inner obaachan, but the fish lunch set was lovely.  Mackerel with grated daikon was the centerpiece, accompanied by a fabulous miso soup with a bit of chicken, carrot, and daikon inside (never had miso soup like that before), a piece of omelette, gobo, seaweed with edamame, tsukemono, and choice of rice-white, salmon, or multigrain (forget the Japanese word).  The oden looked very appealing which I will have to come back and try as well as the weekend porridge fest as well as the ever changing daily specials.  Can't wait till the next visit!PS the bathroom also featured a fancy Japanese-y toilet complete with bidet--which I did NOT try, but hey, I've never seen a public restroom in Hawaii with a bidet.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,2/28/2011,110,195,5,12,9>i am a massage snob. i KNOW good massages. and some days i just want a good massage-- dont need the frills of robes, steam rooms, tranquility room, lockers. i have been to expensive spas that have all these amenities and the massage was just BLAH. i came upon plumeria on one of those days when i just needed to get a massage. every place was booked-- my fellow yelpers did not lead me astray. this was exactly what i needed. when i walked in the receptionist said my name, anticipating my arrival. the place smelled good. i was offered water or tea. they asked me to take my shoes off, and i was seated in a comfy large chair where they soaked my feet in warm water. the therapist (I have had 2 so far: Malee and Anetka- both were awesome!) then rubs your feet for a bit and then you go to your treatment "room". the rooms are separated by curtains-- yeah, i said no frills-- but it was still private. the massages were just wonderful-- and did i say cheap? $55/60 min or $80/90 min. the massage time doesnt start till you get in the room-- so you get a relaxing foot soak and massage for free! (this is a great deal compared to Heaven and Earth which is $80 for 50 minutes). what a little gem in downtown!! my new favorite go-to place!
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,2/27/2011,100,72,5,9,4>Step 1: Book color with Augusto, Book haircut with Colin. Step 2: Have said color and cut done. L-O-V-E it!Step 3: Get really, really stoked on finding your favorite new stylists in one shot!Note: Make sure you check which salon you'll be at, as there are two studios located right across the street from each other! I did enjoy meeting the guy that makes Brazilian furniture, but I really wanted to get my hair did.Augusto might be my new BFF in the color department. No judgement on my 2 inch long roots, he went right to work determining what my old stylist had done, and did his best to match it, while making it better! Love the way he wove in my highlights so carefully and naturally! Awesome possum. He might also have magic fingers considering the fact, I'm contemplating showing up everyday so he can wash my hair with a fantastic scalp massage!! While he did not do my cut, he styled my hair after, giving me some big hair, to say the least, but I loved it...and so did the hubs!Colin worked his magic scissors/razor on my vastly unkempt mane. Let me preface by saying I don't think I'd had my haircut in about 6 months, cause I am going for some length. Obviously it was sending out mad SOS signals. No judgment passed Colin managed to bring some new life back to the 'do without chopping it off! I don't know how he did it, but he kept the length while still making it healthy and adding some (literally) swingin' new layers. Bomb baby. (yes, I'm so stoked on the hair, I reverted a decade and said bomb.)Enter 2 days later, Colin does my updo for the hubs' Marine Ball. Another homerun! This kid (and yes, kid, he's only 20!) Has some golden fingers, passion, creativity, and skill to back it up! He did my hair similarly to how it was for my wedding (per my man's request), but  managed to make it unique at the same time. I absolutely loved it and was the sole updo in a ballroom full off loose curls and side ponies. High five, Colin!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,2/26/2011,133,111,8,10,9>Savory crepes have been an obsession of mine, fueled by trips to Japan and Rio.  Unfortunately, I rarely encounter them here in Hawaii.  Every time I try to get a savory crepe at Shirokiya, they're all out and don't even get me started on the time I tried to get one in Waikele.  So when my friend casually suggested getting a crepe while we were in Waikiki I was on that like white on rice.Crepe House is one of the little storefronts on the street level of the Pacific Beach Hotel which is a nice appetite building walk from the parking lot at the zoo.  The staff seems mostly Japanese.  A middle aged Japanese woman who seemed to be in charge took my order.I ordered the special of the day, a crab cake crepe for $7.50.  They cook up two fresh crab cakes add a mayonnaise/pickle spread and iceberg lettuce.  The crab cakes were passable, tasted like real crab with breadcrumbs and a hint of celery.  I was absolutely in heaven.  It took a while since they started cooking the crab cakes when I made my order, and the Japanese lady teased me that they were catching my crab (on second thought, that sounds a little nasty).A couple next to me shared a loco moco crepe.  It looked fantastic and they gobbled it up really fast.  I'm totally going to brave Waikiki again to try that one.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,2/25/2011,344,60,4,5,5>Edit: (11/22/2010) Honey Toast flavorsWhen this place first opened, I was in love with their mapo tofu dish. But they don't have it anymore! ;( they always change their menus which is a good thing. I think a lot of businesses should do this with their menus. It helps keep their restaurant fresh and on top with things. I love their garlic shrimp and rice dish here. Though, I honestly think that they should give a little more shrimp. I think there is more rice than shrimp! And rice is so filling as is. The best dessert here would have to be their famous honey toast. This thing is not meant for one person. It is either meant for two people for a whole group. Toast flavors to choose from are as followed://Honey: Original. This one is really yummyChocolate: This one is really good!Caramel: Too sweetCinnamon: It's OK~ But it's just cinnamon. Big deal.Strawberry Puree: This is my favorite!Sweet Red Bean: Not my favorite ...Oreo Cookie & Cream: This one is good if you REALLY want to spoil yourself. It's an orgasm in your mouthDCS: This is a secret one that isn't on the menu. You can either order this by name or just say DCS (Dirty Cum Slut) This toast is drenched in condensed milk. ;) NOTE*** Not all waiters/waitresses know of this toast (So please do not expect to get this every time you go to Shokudo)I do recommend ordering it if you are with a large group. The shaved iced dessert is OK but I do not recommend that you order that. (Their shaved ice is big as Mt. Fugi!) Even if you are a fan of shaved iced. If you want good shaved iced then you should go to Matsumoto's.The ramen dishes are good here. I also like their tofu salad. Though ... I think it is a bit expensive for such an average sized dish of salad. When I saw the price of it, I kind of expected a bigger dish. I highly recommend that you try the ahi tataki w/garlic chips ($12.95) and Mochi cheese gratin ($7.45). :) I don't recommend that you order the garlic rib eye steak dish ($24.95) it wasn't that good. And I have had much better.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,2/24/2011,139,50,7,15,15>i definitely consider myself a sushi snob and i usually don't eat at those fast food type sushi places unless i absolutely have to, mostly because nothing is ever really fresh at these places. this place is run by the brother of the owner of the original makoto sushi in pearl city next to ben franklin and longs drugs. it's not as big as the original, the only people working are usually the owner and his wife or just his wife sometimes. we ordered lunch from here for our office, so about 15 orders of sushi. i felt kind of bad because this was the first time we ordered and the owner and his wife seemed a little flustered with the big order, but they were very nice and even gave me a free arizona green tea for making me wait. as for the sushi, it's all fresh (not previously frozen!!) and their portions are huge. all their rolls come with a side salad and some edamame, but their rolls are HUGE and one roll is more than filling. i ordered the harbor pack (4 assorted nigiri and spicy tuna roll) and a natto roll and i couldn't finish it. i usually try to eat all my rice with my sushi but at this point i was just eating the sashimi/fish parts. the only complaint i have is that they don't put enough natto in their natto roll, but then again.. that's kind of my complaint about everything in life =] all in all, for super affordable sushi on the go, i recommend makoto
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,2/23/2011,237,127,2,9,8>I must admit that I am by no means a person who frequents izakayas that often but the food at Sushi Izakaya Gaku is just awesome.  Being that this was my first time here, my expectations were more than met.  I just love Japanese food and the food here was absolutely delicious.   Here is a recap of what my friend and I ate during our recent visit.Spicy Negihamachi Tartar-  This flavorful mix of ground hamachi, green onions, and masago topped with a quail egg was one of our favorite dishes of the night.  Served with nori on the side,  we wrapped rolls of this tartar until there was no more left in the bowl.  Hamachi is definitely a step up from the traditional spicy ahi that is served at most sushi joints.Tako Marinate Basil Fumi-  I just love tako, but I would have never thought to serve it with basil.  Although I am used to eating tako with a miso dipping sauce, the tako here was still tasty and very tender.Seared Katsuo Tataki with Garlic Soy Sauce-  Being that the chef was serving Katsuo as a special, we decided to try it tataki style.  What made this dish for me was the garlic soy sauce that matched quite well with the seared katsuo.Tori Karaage- I just love me any type of fried chicken, so it was a given that we were gonna try this.  While not bad, the chicken karaage was just alright.  I would have preferred for the chicken to be a bit more crispy. Still juicy inside nonetheless.Jaga Butter Mentaiko-  As an avid lover of anything with mentaiko (cod roe), I just had to order this dish.  Although we did manage to scarf everything on the plate, I was expecting thinner slices of potato with a more pronounced metaiko flavor.  I also would have liked to have more butter since the potato was a bit on the dry side.Deep Fried Pumpkin with Sesame Sauce- Kabocha is one of my favorite veggies, but this deep fried dish tasted more like sweet potato to me.  While not bad, this was my least favorite dish of the night.Baked King Crab- This was yet another dish that I just loved and for me is a must order if any of you decide to visit this place.  The rich mix of baked crab with mayonnaise & other goodies was just so good.Seared Salmon Toro topped with Ikura Sushi-  As if the seared salmon toro was not melt in your mouth delicious by itself, the addition of ikura (salmon roe) on top takes this sushi to another level for me.  Definitely one of the best things that we ate that night.Otoro Sushi-  Need I say more?  The fatty tuna here just melted in my mouth!  If not for the price, I think I could have ordered another 4 pieces just for myself.   Zenzai with azuki beans & mochi balls and Green Tea ice cream-  I am a sucker for desserts and I could not resist ending the meal with 2 of my favorite sweets: zenzai and green tea ice cream all in the same bowl!      Like my fellow Yelpers, I highly recommend making reservations since this place is pretty small and fills up quite fast.  As far as parking is concerned, there is a small parking lot in the back, but street parking is your best bet if you decide to come here later in the evening.  I will definitely be back again to try some of their other dishes, but this place is somewhere if you are looking to splurge for a special occasion and would not be a weekly thing unless you are one of those people who makes buku bucks.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,2/22/2011,230,197,5,5,5>On a dark and rainy day, while under the weather, I was thinking about spots where I could go for Yu Kae Jang (korean spicy soup with beef strips) to clear my sinuses.  I really couldn't think of any, until my memory accessed this one Korean lunch plate place on Pauahi I had never tried (across from Doner Shack).  I walked on over while the rain had stopped and went inside.  The place has about 8 tables (oops saw @Miki's review while I am typing this and see that they only have 6 tables) which is actually a pretty big dining room for the Fort Street Mall area.  I saw the object of my desire on the menu board.  So I ordered it up with the ajuma.  She told me "no".  No what?  They had all the soups on the menu today except for Yu Kae Jang.  #$%^&*(Fortunately, they had another soup that I like called daen chang gook.  Of course at lunch plate places in Hawaii, it's called "miso soup".   The order was $6.95 and that included 4 choices for banchan and 2 scoops of rice.  That was a bonus because some of these lunch plate places like Gina's and Yummy's either won't give you banchan or give you less if you order soup.  Deal!    I ordered regular kimchi and cucumber kimchi for two of the banchan orders.  They seemed to be a little unripe, which is not uncommon because sometimes the kimchi is not always in the "ready" cycle (that just means you have to diversify your kimchi in various cycles of preparation -- hard to do for a small food business).  There was this stringy radish spicy banchan (see pic) that was very good and the chap chae was also delicious.  They also had shoyu potatoes, which many fast food Korean places don't have these days.  The daen jang gook itself was solid - piping hot, lots of daen jang (bean paste, like miso), soft tofu and squash.  It hit the spot and my sinuses have cleared up as I type this entry.  I'm also sweating from their spicy banchans, which is not uncommon for me when I eat Korean food.  This will now be my Korean cold-buster while at work.  Heck, this order costs as much as a power cold-buster at Jamba Juice.  And you don't get it with banchan at Jamba Juice.  Losers.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,2/21/2011,145,297,9,6,5>You got two ways of looking at it: Yes or No.Is this SHC? No.Did they give free shave ice for dessert? No.Do they make you order outside before you get inside? No.An hour wait to eat? No.Are they rude? No.90 time limit? No.Laminated beginners guide? Yes.BYOB? Yes.Cow tongue taste like cow tongue? Yes.More seafood choices? Yes.More parking? Yes.Friendly and attentive staff? Yes.Free ice cream dessert? Yes.Seriously. I can not think of a single reason to come to HPH. So lets just call it a day and not go there. Ever.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,2/20/2011,302,378,5,9,6>THIS IS PART TWO!Our omakase consisted of the following:-maguro nigiri. Yes, plain old maguro to start off with. He probably did this on purpose to gently catch us in his web of well spun ideas. The fish quality was great. The fish pieces were so big you could wrap them around the rice. This was some high quality fish. He sure knows how to pick them.-anago. Delivered to him by his friend from Japan supposedly caught fresh from Tokyo Bay. He served this two ways to us. First as a nigiri. The rice was wrapped in a way that allowed the tail to dangle on the plate. When Justin asked how he should eat it, Masa replied with, "Your mouth." Classic. Second, he served it to us grilled and cut into pieces. "Just wasabi. No soy sauce." Quite an amazing dish.-hamachi. Oh my lord. This was the freshest hamachi I have ever had. I have never had hamachi melt in my mouth until last night. Again, it was wrapped around the rice and tasted like a slice of heaven.-smoked salmon nigiri. He smokes this himself. I for one hate the fishy taste of most salmon. That taste was never present in this. The flavors danced on my tongue and was ultimately the best salmon I have ever eaten.-tiger's eye. An original Masa creation. His smoked salmon sandwiched between ika. I didn't really care for this as I don't like ika. Kudos to Justin for helping me finish it.-red snapper. A first for me. I don't know why I've never tried snapper before. It had an interesting texture, but I prefer ahi for sure.-kobe beef nigiri. This was the winner of the night for me. He had only five pieces left and I took all five. I shared some with Nikki and Justin with regret. I don't think I'll ever have another sushi quite like it elsewhere.-toro. Wow. I've had toro before, but not quite like this. All toro has a tendency to melt in your mouth but this one? This one tasted like it was melting your mouth. Does that even make sense?-sweet tamago Masa style. He made this for us second to last. He admits that he rarely ever makes it, and since no one has posted a picture yet, I believe it. He says he makes it softer and sweeter and that he also adds unagi and avocado in it for flavor. This was the best tamago I have ever had. I have tamago every time and everywhere I eat sushi, so that's saying a lot.-coffee jelly dessert. This was the final dish of the night. It tasted perfect. Almost like a jello consistency but with the flavor of coffee topped with whip cream. Amazing.He served us quite a lot of food all the while entertaining us with little snippets about Japanese cooking. He gave us a sample of the number one nori in Japan. He also made us a sample of a special ponzu sauce made of out blowfish fin. He let Justin sample a soju that he himself enjoys. It's this kind of personal service that I will never forget about Masa.You all must be wondering how much we spent that night. And this is the only negative I have against Masa. The bill wasn't itemized at all. It only came with a single number representing the total for the four of us. Even though he knew only Justin and I were being served the omakase, each time he made a dish, he made enough for all four of us. So in a sense, it was like we were all having the omakse. So how much was it?$200.That's it. Only $50 a person for the best sushi and best service I have ever had in my entire life. I would have gladly paid more. I paid $50 for him to tickle all my senses in a dining experience that will NEVER be forgotten. He should have charged me more. I cannot wait to go back to visit him again. Who know what kind of amazing ideas he'll come up with. Who knows what kind of jokes he'll crack about the way I dress or the way I talk. Thank you Yelp. Thank you for reading this through and thank you for allowing me to tell you about someone so creative, so unique, so.... Masa.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,2/19/2011,99,234,7,6,4>It amazes me that one brand, with two restaurants, can produce two diametrically opposed experiences.   Haleiwa Joe's, on the North Shore, is an atrocious insult to food and is one of the largest wastes of money on the island.   Haleiwa Joes at Haiku Gardens is enjoyable, tasty, comfortable, and well worth the drive over from the leeward side.Oahu doesn't have a single water-front restaurant with a view better than HJ's at Haiku Gardens.  The setting is idylic--you can smell the forest, the sounds gently caress you as you dine, and the view over the pond is relaxing, enjoyable, and therapuetic.  The food is well prepared, a bit expensive for what you get, but better than most options in Kaneohe.  If you want to dine on the cheap you can rock a soup and salad with some poke and get out for less than $30 a person.  Service is good (terrible outfits the staff have to wear, btw), parking is easy, and they don't take reservations.  Come early, or late, but not during prime rush or you'll have to wait.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,2/18/2011,233,132,5,13,7>Great food for the price.  Everything except the pizzas are under $10.  Today was the grand opening for La Tour.  It's located right on corner of Nimitz and the street that goes down to Best Buy/Home Depot.  The inside is very nice and clean, everything is brand new.  There's lots of parking right in front the restaurant. Service was great for being the first day they were open.  The way you get your food is just like at Nordstrom Cafe.  You stand in line and order what you want and they give you a number.  Seat yourself at an empty table and they bring out the food to you.   Now for the food:Croque Monsieur - This is the best thing I've eaten so far and most of the staff will recommend it.  Black Forest Ham, Roasted Tomatoes, and Gruyere Cheese, melted on a very fresh piece of toasted bread.  Very Tasty.  Oh and it comes with a salad too.La Tour Burger -  The second best thing I ate.  Wagyu beef and not overcooked.  There's some pesto in it and I LOVE pesto... Also comes with a side of fries.  Pretty good burger especially for the price.  Chicken Pesto Pizza -  This pizza was alright.  I did get to try a sample of the Italian one which was a lot better in my opinion.  Next time I'm either getting the Kalua or the Italian.  Macaroons - I haven't eaten a good one until now.  Very soft and not too rich.  I tried the Vanilla one.  It was a great dessert to end the meal. I was impressed with the food I ate, I'll definitely be coming back to try everything else on the menu.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,2/17/2011,487,140,10,14,7>Well slash my eye lids and hang me upside down! I was wrong and I admit it!After swearing this place off forever because of an almost 4 hour wait (and I am STUBBORN, I was really never ever coming back!) I was lured back by some good friends. They know what great food is, so convinced me to give it another try. Their secret? Go early to avoid a long wait. It is critical if you can't spend your entire evening at Sabrina's. We are talking the difference between a 4 hour dinner and a 2 hour dinner. Don't get me wrong, there's still some patience to be had when you dine here, but we can all handle that.The food was delicious. I got to sample ricotta and spinach ravioli, veal limone, and pounded pork chop with ham. My favorites were the veal and ravioli. Everything is home made with a lotta love  in the kitchen, so be patient. This is a BYOB establishment, so don't forget your wine! One huge issue with this place, not so much with me but my other half, is the portions are small. If you have a big appetite, double up on an order OR get the seafood bowl that they have. We saw another party order that and the portion was HUGE!CASH ONLY!
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,2/16/2011,483,369,7,7,7>I've been frequenting this place on and off for a while and mostly for my breakfast fix. The Scone & Coffee special is great in the morning, The scones are crispy flaky goodness I don't know how else to describe them I love em I could eat a dozen. Their coffee is I gotta admit decent since I don't know any better. I definitively am not a Gourmet Coffee addict I just know if it tastes good I'm happy if it tastes burnt or bitter I'm not so there! Humph! (had to add that in for fun) but what brings me back is the scones uh... did I say I loved them already? uh yeah ok...Well I've also been here for lunch several times too and I found that hit or miss on the taste but the value is good for what you get. as you not only get the plate and salad but a nice fruity drink too! Okay I have to explain the hit or miss the food is pretty consistent but I guess I am not a fan of certain tastes and I usually don't like that kind of spices on my Pork Chops, it is okay on Chicken for me but that you have to try it yourself as your preferences may be different than mine, and it is a good value.The decor in the place is a bit dark with a bunch of fish tanks around and you kinda feel like you're in a hidden place (feels great like you are hiding from anyone at work) The people there are friendly but not overly so that you get creep-ed out like some places and did I mention the Scones? haha..
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,2/15/2011,169,134,7,8,7>I loooove going to Panya for breakfast.  It's so hard to pass up those little cream cheese filled doughnut holes... so don't even think about coming here while on a diet.  Those cream cheese doughnuts are light and creamy.  The freshly baked pastries are lined up in their trays, and they're all pretty cheap.  The first time I went to Panya, I ordered an omelette for breakfast, along with four, yes FOUR pastries!!  Talk about instant gratification.  While waiting for my omelette I polished off three pastries, while drinking my coffee.  I can't remember much about the omelette, but that it was a pretty good one... I think I'm due for another visit pronto (so that I can give you all a better description of that omelette hahaa... right?)
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,2/14/2011,257,112,13,15,11>NEW STORE: L-O-V-E the new store on Bethel Street.  I stopped in to browse for a few X-mas gifts and found such a great selection to choose from. The staff is very customer oriented and I felt very comfortable shopping and asking questions. HOLIDAY FINDS: I was able to pick up a couple of their holiday gift sets (strapless puffy tops and summer shorts). They also have a set with two tanks tops..such a great deal! PRACTICAL AND COMFY: I can't describe Fighting Eel designs in any other way. Hands down, this has been one of my most beloved clothing lines in recent years and a recent purge of my closets (trying to get a head start before the New Year) proved that I am not even close to parting with any of them.  Like my Lululemon gear, FE has been a staple in my travel bag as it packs well and loses its wrinkle once its on a hanger. SIZE MATTERS: Genetics didn't grant me any height whatsoever, so finding clothes that actually fit off-the-rack is such a disappointing task, most of the time. Because the majority of the FE pieces are made of high quality modal spandex, they are very adjustable to most body types...which, I personally think is just wonderful. If you find similar dresses at a lower cost elsewhere, the quality of the fabric and the design is definitely not the same. INVESTMENT: Fighting Eel is expensive. But considering how many uses you can get out of each piece (I've had some of my dresses for years, and they still look new), and the quality of the material...you can't go wrong. I had a friend once tell me, "Why would you spend so much on a dress made out of t-shirt material?" Ummm...no. It.is.not.t-shirt.material. Unfortunately, she and I are no longer friends and have blocked each other on FB, so it's probably safe to say that comments like that from her may have inevitably facilitated the demise of our relationship. And she was also kind of an elitist snob...and super tall...for that matter. :0P
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,2/13/2011,124,55,9,9,8>What to do when you find out the ahi & bbq place is closed on Sundays & Mondays, it's Sunday & you're already there? First, do your best pirate impression, "ARRRGH!", then turn around & head over to IchBen, which is just a quick walk-the-plank away.I've tried all 3 styles of ramen broth here, Shoyu, Miso & Paitan. Of the 3, my favorite is the Paitan. This cloudy-white chicken & pork broth makes any of the 6 styles of ramen (IchiMen, Char Siu, Seafood, Veggie, Mabo-Tofu & Chicken Katsu) a rich, flavorful, rainy-day-comforting bowl of goodness. It's smooth & not greasy because they skim the soup during it's 10+ hours of creation & the bonus - they don't use MSG.I go for the IchiMen Paitan Ramen $8.45, when I eat here. Loaded with a treasure-chest full of toppings (shrimp, char siu, egg, kamaboko & veggies), this ramen always fills me up. Yes, somewhere underneath all of that, is some ramen (lift your eye-patch, you'll see better). The noodles are served extra-firm, but can be made soft if you like. Along with this, I ordered Gyoza (4 pcs.) as an add-on for only $1.95 more.My wife wasn't too hungry, so she just got a side order of Chicken Katsu $4.50 & a bowl of rice. A sample of this was quite good. The breading is light & crunchy, & the chicken pieces were nice & meaty.The service was decent, for a typical busy Sunday at noon. Our orders were brought out in less than 10 minutes. The ramen-to-Gyoza delay time was quick too, I was still working on my ramen when the gyoza arrived. Our server frequently checked on us & another was very enthused when he asked if we wanted other drinks, greeted us & thanked us afterward.'Not sure why the other customers kept giving me funny looks. Maybe I'll leave the hook, peg-leg, eye-patch, sword, pirate hat & parrot at home next time."AAARGH!"
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2010,2/12/2011,87,129,7,5,5>Okay.. so here's the deal, I won't stay on my soap box very long here cause every-bodies got their own opinion, and I respect that, but we trekked there for Fathers Day..... and I was totally satisfied. No "Haterating" here. I... like most fathers, consider Fathers Day, as my very own special day, just me ...mine...nobody else, I won't do nuthin "I", don't wanna do, and I know all the dads out there can relate. Nuthin'll bother us on "OUR DAY!" ( even my spellin!) SO WHAT.... so we gotta wait 10, 15, 20, minutes before we get seated.... so did everybody else, and you know what else? It gives us dad's the chance to show off our little ones, yeah... lettum run around crazy, builds up the appetite, yeah go around the corner to Mai Tai's and get Papa one beer! So we get in, settle down the little ones, and wonder how they're gonna feed all these people, gotta feel sorry for the servers, but you know what... ours was "On It Like A Hornet!" Told us ... there's a party of a hundred in the back, so maybe we should get our crab, and teppan steak first while the line wasn't too long. And that was good advise, cause when the flood gates opened... you get the picture! What was really good about the evening.. the food on the line was constantly being replenished, no waiting around an empty space at the buffet, while the runner goes in the back to get another tray (on the ball, I say) The crab was seasoned perfect, and always warm, my teppan yaki steak also cooked as I asked... and served with a smile, from a guy who was cutting, tossing, slicing, dicing, and spicing, for I dunno how long! I admire guy's like that! The Butter Fish... honestly... I couldn't get it into my face fast enough. Now I'm not a Butter Fish connoisseur, but we all know what we like, and I likes me some Butter Fish, just sooo sweet , sooo soft, sooo rewarding when you get every morsel off the bone. And you know what? We won't care how long it'll take, but we're gonna get every speck of fish off our plate.. and we'll use chopsticks to do it!!!! I took a whole separate plate of assorted Sushi. But my fave was the Shrimp Tempura Sushi, It was a crispy panko battered shrimp, rolled in rice, sprinkled with goodies, and drizzled with a light dressing. mmmm! The Prime Rib, was .... sorry to say.. jus aw-ite.. so I just cut off the top edge with all the seasoning, and played... " Hide The Food Under The Crab Shells!" Awww C'mon, I know y'all do it too!!! Now Ox Tail, on a buffet line... that's my kinda buffet, it's like how much more of my food favorites can I possibly stuff into my face... really! Naturally ...the dads before me got most of the meat, no big deal it's their day too. The broth, the scraps of tender beef, and veggies was plenty nuff for me. And plus when I send the condiments a-swimmin too... almost a "Tap-Out!" There were a whole lotta more food that I took (and ate!) but my soap box is starting to crumble, so I'll have to say that my Tsukiji, Fathers Day dinner was everything I expected. No stress, no complaints. Now if the cocktails came sooner and more often (since it is my day) then it woulda been a Five-star-er!
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,2/11/2011,263,192,14,16,16>I may need to go through some serious therapy because after going here twice in one week, I'm starting to question my sexuality! The bouncer at the front door even recognized us the second time we went! He was soooo nice and didn't make me pay the cover they charge non-Kama'ainas even though I no longer have a valid Hawaii Driver's license (damn, I might need to go to therapy for that too!). This is kind of a divey bar. You can dress casual, throw back a few beers (or cheap drinks that make you sick), and peep over the balcony to watch the freaks walk by. Good mix of locals and tourists and if you go enough you'll start to see lots of familiar faces. I got pretty turned on by the go-go dancers, even though their dancing wasn't the greatest and they were obviously dancing for the other men. What is wrong with me? I don't get turned on by straight men dancing for women!?!? Gay men are so much cuter! My friend was trying to compare Hula's to other clubs on the mainland and said it didn't even compare. Maybe because I'm more into comfortable bar settings, or maybe because I wasn't really looking for a man here, I enjoyed myself enough to go back twice during my 1 week vacation. I can see why this place is the most famous gay bar in Hawaii!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,2/10/2011,3140,188,20,20,21>( B ) roke da mouth food..( E ) xcellent service..( S ) quid luau( T ) akeout is available( S ) pace here is very limited( H ) awaiian food at it's best!!( O ) pihi and Ahi Poke you gotta try!!( R ) ight in the heart of Kalihi( T ) he prices here are very reasonable( R ) eally difficult to find parking here =(( I ) love the Fried Butterfish Collars!!( B ) usy, Busy, Busy!!!( S ) traight up GOOD HAWAIIAN FOOD HERE!!!
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,2/9/2011,347,265,6,9,8>I finally made it out here... I always pass the store going to Ala Moana but never had the real urge to get there, I would always make an excuse. Thank heavens I finally got my butt there, my mission was to look for a christmas party dress, something red or festive. As I walked in I got greeted by a friendly worker, she was the only one there helping out three other customers. I really appreciated that little gesture. So I scan the place just looking for anything that I can try on, for a small space it didn't look cramped and the design of the store was very easy to shop around. The prices are a little pricey anything from $30-$200 which is a little hard to swallow because you can get the same or somewhat alike items at other boutiques nearby. I really like how they display the clothing's on the rack, they have it hung and some are attached with a photo because the hangers don't do the clothes justice. I finally found a cute party dress, I had my eye on it at another place but didn't have my size so I think it was faith that brought me here. :P So I head to the fitting room, which was a little awkward because there was another lady in there and the only thing separating us was a curtain. Party dress mission completed all thanks to the Butik.. They also have a rewards program for every $50 you spend you get a stamp on a card and when you fill it up you get a special deal.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,2/8/2011,121,113,4,7,5>Sometimes I wonder how so many great eateries can fit on to one island, because this yet another great place to add to my long list of Oahu favorites!I came here last night with my friend for a drink and some pizza. I have to admit this is my third time eating here and I'm just now getting around to reviewing it. Anyway, we shared the garden salad and the caprese, both were light and fresh and a nice compliment to the cheesy goodness that was to come. We shared the 4-cheese pizza which was phenomenal and more than enough for two people. The crust is not too thin yet and not too thick, it's juuuust right. I can't forget to mention our super friendly server, she was very nice and attentive. We didn't feel rushed even though the place was packed! I highly recommend this place for a slice (or five) and beer with friends.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,2/7/2011,843,141,4,8,7>Dear Cinnamon's, I LOVE YOU!  :)Usually go around noon after the rush, so there's no wait.  And on my most recent visit, after being seated, we were presented a *complimentary* plate of short stack RED VELVET PANCAKES, as a "sample".  OH MY GOD.  Thank you!  I will come back forever!That said, the service is rather laid back.  You will definitely feel at home with the country-like atmosphere.  I am not big on breakfast, but when I am craving it, Cinnamon's does the trick!  My favorites include...Eggs Benedict:  SO SO SO SO good!  The kalua pig gives it an awesome flavor, nice twist on a classic dish.  If you choose crab, you will not be dissapointed either.  Guava chiffon pancakes:  CAUTION, these are very sweet!  But they melt in your mouth, super `ono, reminds me of guava chiffon cake.  The portions are large, and they aren't stingy on the sauce either.  and of course,Red Velvet Pancakes:  These are what Cinnamon's are famous for, so you should just try them and see for yourself what the fuss is about!Prices are competitive with Boots & Kimo's, however this is a more fulfilling experience with the dining area being much more peaceful and less like a cramped cafeteria.  Overall, I give them 5 stars for good eats complemented with friendly service.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,2/6/2011,451,160,5,8,9>Fantastic new Yelper, Ryan R. has been hard-selling Maile's to me pretty much since the first time we met. He absolutely LOVES Maile and her husband Kip, and has tried nearly everything on their menu. He's such a huge foodie, and was able to describe so many of the dishes to me in mouthwatering detail that I just HAD to let him drag me there to see for myself. Yeah, twist my arm...Maile's is located at a little shopping center in Hawaii Kai. It's a really pretty space inside - we nabbed two seats at the bar and were entertained all night by Maile's hilarious and awesome sister, Lala. I didn't order anything...food just kept arriving. And every single bite was delicious.We started with the beef "sashimi" which is thinly sliced beef served over a bed of romaine lettuce and thinly sliced onions, along with an absolutely INCREDIBLE dipping sauce. I'd never eaten fully raw beef before, so I was a bit apprehensive, but it was so delicious. I will definitely order this again!We also had the salt and pepper shrimp, which brought another first for me...I've never ever eaten the shell of a shrimp. Nor have I ever eaten the entire shrimp, head and tail included. I was told that I pretty much had to this time...gaaaah! So creepy, but actually DELICIOUS. We saved the dipping sauce from the beef sashimi and it was totally a match made in heaven. Another favorite dish from the evening was the drunken clams...the fragrant broth is just to die for - trust me! The cocktails at Maile's are awesome too -- I had a strawberry gin concoction of some sort. It was so delicious (strong) that I can't actually remember what it's called or what all is in it...but it was YUMMY! I had 3. No judging, please.Maile herself came over to check on us and to make sure we were having a fun evening. She's such a warm and gracious hostess - I can see now why Ryan R. practically calls this place home!I will most DEFINITELY be back soon!
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,2/5/2011,161,142,6,11,8>HOLY MOLY MAC and CHEESE aroni!SOUL is all you need for your mind, body and soul! Food was SIMPLY DIVINE, comforting and will make you wanna keep going and going back for more! On a total spontaneous lunch adventure, my friend Ryan R. and I decided to lunch at somewhere we haven't tried before. I suggested Soul after reading about it in the latest Honolulu magazine and reading Yelp reviews on our drive over. It was a perfect choice! I wasn't too hungry that day so we decided to share a few items.Our shared menu items:*Mac and cheese ~ WOW is all I can say! I love me some cheese and this definitely was not lacking any cheese. The special for the day was a crab mac and feta cheese, but we were told to try it without the crab. *Pulled pork sliders ~ Delicious pulled pork served with a buttermilk cilantro coleslaw on a biscuit. I've wrote a few reviews before on how much I love pork...this is another pork dish that satisfied my pork cravings!*Sweet tea ~ I've had sweet tea a few times before and am not really a sweet tea connoisseur, but....I can definitely say that hands down...this is THE BEST sweet tea I've had! Refreshing, tasty, sweet with just the right amount of sweetness. A must try!*Fried chicken ~ By this time we were pretty full, but after perusing the menu more, I noticed that we could order the fried chicken that we kept reading about, without having to order it as a meal. OoooohMG! This fried chicken is TO DIE FOR! Excellent execution and big hats off to Chef Sean! I took my time eating and enjoyed every morsel of this chicken. We enjoyed this a lot and actually did a little "Cheers" with our chicken pieces. It's almost as though each piece of chicken is treated like a rare gem and delicately seasoned with some added love of honey butter...yes, I said it...HONEY BUTTER! My palate believes that butter and bacon go hand in hand with anything! :) The skin was crisped perfectly with just the right amount of seasoning and finished off with honey butter. Meat was nice and moist. I could eat anything with this honey butter on it! Chef Sean came by our table to say hello and make sure we were doing alright. Giving some aloha and gratitude to guests is the way to do it. Super cool guy! I definitely want to keep coming back and will refer this restaurant to all of my friends, not only for the delicious food, but to help a local business owner and business excel, especially for a Chef who cares about his guests dining experience!Cheers to SOUL!
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,2/4/2011,36,97,13,13,12>Champion's is like the Betamax of malasadas: it's technically the superior product but, thanks to widespread public gullibility brought on by superior marketing, it may forever be the also-ran to the VHS version of malasadas, the juggernaut that is Leonard's.Don't get me wrong, I grew up on the malasadas from Leonard's, almost always from the red and white mobile trailer that would show up at carnivals and fairs, and going home with a white plastic bag with the pink Leonard's logo on the outside was like taking home treasure. It was light on the inside, just absolutely drenched in white sugar, what's there for a ten-year old kid not to like?Here's the thing, though. Malasadas aren't supposed to be sugar-covered versions of a popover. If you've eaten at Mariposa restaurant, you're familiar with their delicious popover that accompanies your meal. A malasada simply isn't supposed to be constructed like that. On Fat Tuesday, who on Earth would want to gorge themselves on a malasada that has, by volume, more oxygen in it than batter?The malasadas at Champion are made from an old world recipe, the kind the Portuguese from the mother country would make. So yes, they are heavier, denser, and have a distinct, sharp taste to them. That's what a traditional malasada is supposed to be: a ball of yeasty dough. They were, after all, trying to use up all the stuff they were giving up for Lent and wouldn't have time to make light, fluffy Portuguese popovers.If you go and want anything less than a dozen, be prepared to wait as they essentially cook malasadas to order. That may bother those who are impatient, or are accustomed to the assembly-line instant gratification you get elsewhere, but having a freshly cooked authentic malasada is definitely worth the short wait.They used to be open until nine for those who had a late night craving for it, but I've noticed on driving by several times that their lights are off as early as six or seven in the evening. I hope that business isn't slowing down so much that they are considering shutting their doors and going the way of the Betamax. If they do, I might have to give up malasadas altogether. Or, heaven help me, wait for the Punahou carnival or Iolani fair.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2010,2/3/2011,272,312,6,8,8>After having reviewed BHL's downtown (Bishop St.) location I was rather skeptical on returning. However, thankfully I did because my feelings have changed for the better. After ordering their classic acai bowl, I can honestly say theirs and Diamond Cove Health bar claim the top spots for my personal acai list. The atmosphere has a down to earth feel but yet trendy at the same time (it must of been those blue glass plates arching off the wall). One con is that is there isn't much seating. I also ordered their turkey pesto panini which was delicious, and I'm heavily recommending this. In my experience, eateries more than likely will over grill a panini making the bread hard, but that wasn't the case at BHL. Bread was perfect, and the combination of the turkey, provalone, pesto, and tomato was excellent. I also learned there's free wi-fi!
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,2/2/2011,337,62,7,9,7>What makes a sandwich delicious? Choice of bread, choice of meat, kinds of vegetables, condiments and the list keeps going... What makes a sandwich so delicious at Caffe Grazie? The explosion of flavors that come with every bite!I came here with Yelper Everett A. who absolutely loves sandwiches and never stops raving about how great their paninis were.  I ordered the chicken breast panini which included pepper, onion, sauteed mushrooms, and provolone with a basil pesto.  He ordered the Mulberry Street which included capocolllo, mortadella, sopressata, provolone, spinach, roasted peppers, onions and basil pesto.  It's amazing how such simple ingredients produced wowerz flavors! Our sandwiches came with a side which may be any of the following: tossed salad, cole slaw, or pasta salad.  Unfortunately, on the day that we went, they had already ran out of tossed salad and pasta salad so we had to go with cole slaw.  Both of us weren't really a fan of cole slaw so we didn't care much for it.  But Everett loves the tossed salad so I hope I can come back soon to try it myself :)A super plus is that they have a stamp card which gives you a stamp for every sandwich purchased! After it's filled, you get a free gelato.  There were about 10 flavors to choose from and we chose Dragon Fruit.  I admit it was a little odd but it was decent.  A little too sweet for me but the gelato was great on a hot sunny day.  One thing I loved about this place was its setting and friendly workers.  I also enjoyed that the dining area was located outside where it was relaxing but private enough where we could just talk about anything.  It's also located right in the middle of all the main business buildings so walking a couple blocks was the easiest way to shed a pound or two after lunch :P
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,2/1/2011,186,203,5,14,9>This is my go-to place for any and all party favor/goody bag supplies.   This small store is PACKAGE HEAVEN!! They carry a gazillion cello bags - self sealing, zip lock style, clear, colored, printed, and ANY size you could ever need.  They also have plastic bags and paper bags with cute designs on them, or plain, solid colors, also in a variety of sizes and styles. You can also find favor boxes, Japanese printed tape, stickers, plain sticky tabs or hanging tags and much more.  If you own a small business, this is THE place to come for your pricing and packaging needs.  Almost everything here is from Japan so you know it's cute.  And I forgot to mention the best part - SO CHEAP!  I've shopped around and they definitely have the cheapest prices compared to GBC, Flora Dec, or Ben Franklin.  And about 4x the selection too.  For 100 cello bags, depending on size you will pay between $2.75-$6.  But you do have to buy it in packs of at least 50, but it's so cheap, and I always find that I can use these for just about anything.  Baby showers, weddings, bridal showers, birthday parties, gifts, thank-you trinkets, school lunches, transporting hard copy pictures, travel, organizing jewelry, sharing snacks...you'd be surprised at how many uses these bags are handy for!They are only open on weekdays till 5pm, and close from 12-1 for lunch. Parking lot is small (about 3-4 stalls), but people are usually in and out so if it is full, just wait and a stall is sure to open up quickly.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/30/2010,1/31/2011,676,463,7,12,7>I park in front of Catania almost every day and I've always wanted to try it because it stays open until pretty late for D-Town standards.  The last time I attempted, I had to cancel my order and walk away in shame because it is CASH ONLY!I decided to get dinner there one evening and opted for the Penne Ricotta.  My order was ready in about ten minutes.  My takeout definitely had a lot of weight and when I opened the container, my mouth dropped.  It was huge!!!  (that's what she said...)  The penne was perfectly cooked in a creamy tomato-based sauce and lots of ricotta cheese in between.  I opened the little baggy for my bread and it was just a slice of white bread, I kid you not.  Check photo.  Surprisingly, that little slice of bread was really good for dipping into the sauce.  It was soft and absorbent, yum!  There was definitely leftovers.  Although the price may seem small kine pricey compared to other downtown eateries, Catania is definitely a bang for your buck since one plate can be stretched over two meals or shared.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,1/30/2011,779,223,9,7,6>As a little kiddie growing up in Waipahu, the best best field trip lunch you could hope for was a K's bento.  You instantly became the envy of all your friends... and enemies... and teachers....Thanks mom and dad for waking up early and surprising me with such an awesome lunch-to-be.  You know whats better than winning the lottery? A K's Bento.K's has persevered the economic storm that has been the last 20 years and still operates in a little corner of Waipahu across the street from Jack in the Box and next to the little strip mall Tanioka's resides in.  It is amazing how they make a set number of bentos a day, and are closed twice a week (Sunday Monday).The small bento is $4.75, and small isn't really a good descriptor.  It has three pieces of their cayenne chicken, a tasty, crispy, fried masterpiece, egg, hotdog, hash, sushi rice, one piece sushi, and a musubi.  This is the one I always get!The larger bento has shrimp, luncheon meat and cone sushi in addition to all the other cool foods the smaller bento has. They open early and sell out quick, so get there before 10am to make sure you get what you want!  Let's just say during the World Cup, we consumed quite a few K's bentos, up early, through mid- day, breakfast, lunch, and dinner!Townies, need to make the trek out here (or have a friend awesome enough to bring you one!)
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,1/29/2011,440,533,7,8,6>I finally got to eat here last night, and I tell ya, eat I did! After a full day of physical and social activities, I was starving (as usual). However, I was at the Best Buy elite event in Pearl City and did not know what was in the area. And no, I could not break out my Yelp app on my fancy iPhone because I have a sucky cheap phone. I know you Yelpers are snickering because you always make fun of me. =P So I handed my car keys to my friend and Ding! we pulled up to Thelma's in no time.I have to admit I wasn't thrilled with the smell of the place when I walked in. I don't mind eating at dingy old hole-in-the-wall type places, but man! It smelled like a mountain of raw tripe when I walked in there. My friend didn't seem to notice, so I kept my mouth shut. If only I could've kept my nose shut too.All of my Filipino friends love this place and they all recommended the Thelma's Special, which is lechon kawali (crispy pork) with the chopped tomatoes and onions and shoyu vinegar sauce all over it. How could you go wrong with this dish? We also ordered garlic fried rice and diniguan Tagalog-style (the server said they could make it either Tagalog or Ilocano style--score!). I never thought I would eat diniguan as I'm not overly fond of blood used as a thickener, but the alternative was this beef and tripe dish my friend wanted, which I'm pretty sure I'd be less fond of. I got to pick the other dish, so I played it safe and got sari sari.If you are not Filipino and don't know what to order, don't eat at Filipino restaurants without a Filipino friend. The waitstaff doesn't care that you aren't familiar with all the dishes and they will not help you navigate through the menu. They will just look at you funny. I'm ok with that because everyone looks at me funny, but for you . . . Everything tasted great. Usually, I don't like restaurant Filipino food because for some reason, it's not even close to how good the homemade stuff is, but Thelma's is good. The diniguan sauce was smooth and not gritty and was perfectly balanced, i.e. not too sour. My friend found the sari sari a little bland, but I liked how it was full of pork, shrimp, eggplant, ung choy, tomatoes and squash. I needed me some veggies to offset all the pork! Last, the special was so good I couldn't stop eating it. The pork was so awesomely crispy on the edges and the combination of pork, raw onions, tomatoes, and the sauce was a winner. I only wished the sauce had a tad more vinegar in it. I kept on eating it and eating it until the restaurant was closing. My friend had already stopped eating because he was full. He paid the bill and I was still eating. Finally, he had to pack it away so I would stop eating it or we'd never leave. I wonder if he still has the leftovers in his fridge? Hmmm . . .
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,1/28/2011,275,329,6,11,9>While I sometimes think it's pretty ridiculous to Yelp a park, hike, or natural scenery where the experience is basically what YOU make of it, I've gotta talk about this park for a minute. The first time I stopped here for 10 minutes was over 5 years ago and of course I did the silly Chinaman's hat pose. Looking back on that experience I can't believe I never got to relish in the amazing place that is Kualoa park. There's beach, there's grass, there's bathrooms, there's awesome mountains and trees to look at--it's a photographer's dream! If you come here to picnic it's truly romantic or the perfect place to celebrate any occasion.  There are so many walks of life that are coming through here, so while you've got the usual nihonjin tourists coming through with their matching aloha shirts, you've also got people walking their dogs and flying kites. Little did I know how much adventure you could have at this park, until we crossed the road from the parking lot to the other large grassy area and kept walking to the dense grove of trees and bushes. As we got closer we realized there was a path. And we entered. And it was seriously something straight out of Alice in Wonderland. If you take this path you'll end up following an amazingly hidden trail that is full of bamboo, crazy tangled roots and a canopy of trees which might creep you out if you think about it too much but honestly if you go with a buddy it's the most fun you'll have. You end up on some kind of dirt service road that follows telephone wires, and ta da! You end up on the other side of the park where the campgrounds are. If you want to explore the campgrounds you'll AGAIN find yourself in a kid's playground paradise as the beach is beautiful and calm and you get a completely different view of the hat from that side. We were trying to swing on the ropes that were tied to one of the trees on the beach, but were quickly reminded that we're not eight years old and 90 pounds anymore. You can walk along the beach all the way back to the "front" of the hat or you can trek back across the grass to get to the parking lot area once again.Such an exciting place to explore and it's absolutely necessary to bring a camera at least one of the times you go here.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2010,1/27/2011,297,858,4,6,6>We walked in and was immediately greeted by the Big Buddha statue.  It was quite pleasant since he towered over me with his big smile!I just felt like I needed a snack, so the imperial (spring rolls) was my order.  It ran about $6 for two big rolls wrapped in rice noodles, lettuce, slices of pork and a shrimp or two and a sprig of mint.  They cut them in halves and voila you have 4 pieces of fairly decent sized rolls.  The peanut sauce they serve it with is pretty standard.  I decided to add more of their fish sauce mix along with more sriracha hot sauce.I did notice that the table next to us ordered pho and the bowls they served it in, seemed quite small and a bit pricier than pho bistro 2.  I thought my food was okay, but not fantastic.  I didn't particularly like their deep fried egg rolls either.They have a full bar, nice roomy seating area, more than enough waitress just hanging out in the seating area (strange).There is Vietnamese music playing in the background and it's soft enough to allow a nice conversation.  I love the parking lot, it's only $0.75 for each hour and it's big enough to not fill up quick.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,1/26/2011,209,81,13,11,10>I'm going to open a restaurant and make sure everything is wrapped in bacon.  I'm going to be rich!  No one does that.  oh wait.  Damn you Kohnotori!The highlights:- Bacon wrapped everything.  Order it all.  enoki, tomato, asparagus, quail egg, I'm in love.- Kimchee Miso Ramen.  Since everything is on a stick, you're going to need some starch.  The ramen is perfect.- Miso Fried Musubi.  Crunchy and delicious.  Get the miso one instead of the shoyu musubi.- Fried Cheese.  Make sure you go work out after because one bite is all you need to see that you really shouldn't be eating this.- Takoyaki.  Takoyaki!What I noticed after one visit:- Parking is horrible.  They share a lot with Imana's.  Good luck.  There is street parking in the back.  We ended up parking on the backside of the restaurant closer to University Ave.  At least bubbies is in walking distance.- It's really hard to figure out the bill with a large group.  We had 12 people and one bill.  Since the sticks come on one or two platters, everything was mixed up.  Unless you keep track of who is eating what, you're going to have a hard time.  Expect to just half the bill evenly with everyone.  That means no shame in taking and eating what you see!  A hidden bonus perhaps.- One order is one stick.  Order accordingly.Kohnotori is definitely a social eating place.  Drink, talk story, and eat some.  I'm craving bacon now.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2010,1/25/2011,152,116,6,12,6>We visited HBC a couple Friday's ago right before the noon lunch hour rush, where we tried:Sweet Potato Fries Price: $4.99/large basketRating: 5 starsNotes: To the best of my memory (because I haven't been there for a while), HBC's take on Sweet Potato Fries beats The Counter at Kahala Mall, hands-down. It's a better cut (bigger), while it's cooked to PER-FEC-TION. There's seems to be a light batter on it that provides extra crisp-e-ty-crunchiness and a delicated-textured "crust", while inside is steamy-moist-n-tender. The best part is its SEASONING, which is provided by a visibly-noticeable sprinkling of KOSHER salt (not that inferior Iodized granular table salt stuff), along with finely chopped American Parsley. In my book, any place that goes out the way to add finely chopped Parsley on my food is winning extra points. Now THAT'S how you do it. Summing this extended "note" up, if/when you visit HBC, DO ORDER THE SWEET POTATO FRIES. A MUST! Housemade FriesPrice: $2.99/large basketRating: 2-1/2 stars (making up my own half-point)Notes: In comparison to their SUPERB Sweet Potato Fries, the "regular" Housemade Fries were limp and greasy. Its saving grace was that they were hand-cut with the skin on (LOVE that!), where that skin gave it the rustic flavor, along with a similar generous sprinkling of Kosher Salt and finely-chopped parsley. STILL, that greasy and limp characteristic could have possibly just been a blunder on our particular order, so I wouldn't necessarily write this off yet, until I try it again. Paniolo BBQ BurgerPrice: $7.79 (+$1 extra for Pepperjack Cheese)Rating: 4 starsThe hand-shaped  1/3 lb. range-fed all-beef patty from Kulana Foods on the Big Island SCREAMS of quality and flavor. Super juicy and char-grill, open-flame cooked to perfection to just under medium doneness. On top of that, just like their fries, the burger patty also gets a good sprinkling of Kosher salt seasoning, which really brings out the best in that most excellent locally-raised beef.  The spicy kick from the fresh slices of Jalapeno, along with the BBQ sauce and Pepperjack (a custom addition on the latter) turned out complimenting this particular HBC burger choice quite well, where the person who ate this one said they'd certainly order it again. Pepperjack Cheese Teriyaki Burger (a "create your own" custom build)Price: $7.79Rating: 4 starrsNotes: See review notes on how INCREDIBLE the patty itself is, where the same applies here. The Teriyaki sauce was liberally coated all over the patty and cheese with adequate caramelization from the open-flame grill. Simply put, this takes your average Teri Burger to levels unknown to Hawaiian 'kine grindz. Mushroom Mushroom BurgerPrice: $8.95Rating: 4 starsNotes: Clocking in at the highest price of all the pre-designed "boutique" burgers on the menu, my expectations of it were naturally very high. Fortunately, as said of the previous two burgers reviewed here in notes, once again, that AMAZING Big Island range-fed beef patty was what made this one. Being I'm a big Swiss 'n Shroom Burger fan, if there's any complaint on HBC's take on it, it would be that they use standard white mushrooms, and not Hamakua Mushrooms. Especially for the premium price. Also, the Swiss cheese didn't have quite enough flavor to even be noticed. Thankfully, getting back to the mushrooms, they were indeed piled high, as advertised on the menu, and sauteed in butter to perfect al dente doneness. Also thankfully, they toast the bun, which in my book makes ALL THE DIFFERENCE. As for their house burger sauce, which taste sort of like a Thousand Island Aioli, it worked for me. No complaints. I'd say all their Mushroom Mushroom Burger needs to make it  a home run, would be the use of sauteed Hamakua Mushrooms (whichever variety, I don't care), a better-tasting (or more) swiss cheese and fresh-sliced red onions instead of the white variety. As for service, everyone working was cheerful and friendly. Being that we beat the crowd, our order arrived at our table (if you dine-in they bring it to your table) within 5 minutes. Which actually had us questioning whether these burgers were cooked to order (vs. being pre-cooked and flash-grilled for service). Our server assured us they were all cooked-to-order, so OK, we'll go with it. Summing it up, no matter which burger you decide to try, I'm confident from our first-time experience that once you bite into that high quality, locally-raised Big Island range-fed beef, you'll be SOLD. The Sweet Potato Fries are also definitely a must-order. Ono stuff! Bang-for-the-gourmet-burger-buck, Teddy's is still hard to beat, IMO. Yet for that $2 to $3 premium you pay at Honolulu Burger Co., knowing you're supporting locally-farmed, super-fresh, high quality produce and meat, I think is worth it. And it TASTES it! As always, see photo section for pics of dishes in this review.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,1/24/2011,544,212,9,10,9>woo. Woo. WOO. :) Fist pump for Mama WOO!This small joint is your typical FAST Korean take out place.  Located in the heart of king street. across the street from McDonald's and the 76 gas station. The parking can be horrendous but luckily each of the times i've been, theres been a stall waiting. The staff says theres another parking lot if you turn left on the next street and the walk does not seem all that far. So you'd think it be a crazy idea to open up a korean place to try and challenge the legendary GINA's up the road, but there are unique qualities that make Mama Woo's special.  Mainly, their side dishes. YOU TRY EGGPLANT. Seriously, try it. I will say that eggplant has to be one of my least favorite vegetables but by some miracle this place has turned it into gold. It is bomb .com delicious. On fridays, she makes this mochi log thing that looks spicy as heck but its definitely good. You gotta be into the whole ooey gooey chewy thing though. And the sweet potato salad is divine. I don't think mama makes them all the time so you might wanna call in advance to make sure she made it that day you're going.The regular food is pretty tasty as well. I'd have to say that I don't really prefer the mandoo but that's because Gina's and O-boks has spoiled me. :) CASH ONLY. And on a final note, you cannot go wrong with a place that has a tagline, " nobody satisfies you like MAMA!" :)
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/30/2010,1/23/2011,442,466,60,37,23>Reviewing the Massage only, (I didn't get the scrub)...It's taken me over a week to figure out what happened to me when I went to this place for a massage. My mom said her friends think this is the absolute BEST place in Honolulu so she gave me a gift certificate for $110 for my birthday.  I looked on the pamphlet and saw that the 90 min "Oriental Deep Massage" was $110 so that's what I decided to get.When I found this place, which is located on Kalauokalani Way...right behind Club Rock Za:yelp.com/biz_photos/ybN8…there's this huge sign on the window that said yelp.com/biz_photos/ybN8…"MASSAGE FOR MEN".  WTH!  Well, I almost didn't go in because I thought it was THAT kind of place (you know, the happy endings kind of place!).  But it's not (or is it?). But this is definitely NOT like any other spa I've been to.Long story longer:I had to do quite a bit of research after I left because I was sort of confused when I was done.  I am not Korean. I do not speak Korean. I don't even watch Korean drama/soaps or I would have known what I was getting into. This place is a Korean "bath house", or mogyoktang. If you already know what that means, then you don't have to read any further. But if you are like me and only know bulgogi and bi bim kook soo, then I'll explain so you won't be surprised like me when you go inside.From wikipedia and my Korean brother-in-law (Thanks HK!):Mogyoktangs  are Korean public bathhouses with lockers, showers, jacuzzis, steam rooms, and massage.  It is a place where people socialize and relax or where  people bond -- father and son, mother and daughter, etc.  It might have started when people didn't have warm water in their houses.   You'd go to bathhouses and meet up with friends, relax in the warm spa, talk etc.  It's part of the Korean culture!Kind of like how we go to bars after work or to the gym...except WE KEEP OUR CLOTHES ON!  When you walk in this place, you take your shoes off and you might as well take all your clothes off too.  Once you get into the sauna/spa area, everyone is walking around in their birthday suits.  On one website I looked for the definition of "mogyuktang", it said "If you are a foreigner, everyone will be staring at you because they are curious to see how other people's anatomy differs from theirs". Did I mention this place is a FEMALE MOGYOKTANG? I can only imagine all the jaws dropping in the male ones when a foreigner walks in. Do they have co-ed ones too? Anyway, I was later told that I should have done "THE SPECIAL" which costs $110 and includes the saunas, full body scrub, massage, facial, jacuzzis etc. But too late, I booked a "deep massage".This explains the "Massage for Men" sign.  The sauna/spa section is FEMALE only, but the massage section in the front can be for female or males trying to get a peepshow inside the mogyuktang.I saw a little bit of the sauna/spa section, but since I had the "oriental deep massage", my time was in the front massage room. I desperately needed some of the knots in my shoulders and back taken care of and that is exactly what she did. I've had "deep tissue" massages before at other places. This one was different.At one point I think the lady jumped on my back, simultaneously used her hands on my shoulders and her knees to massage my gluteus maximus. Another point I felt like I was going through the rinse cycle in my washing machine. After about 15 minutes I was wishing I had only bought the 60 minute massage because I didn't think I could handle 75 more minutes. I didn't want to be a wuss so I just kept my mouth shut.  She definitely got those knots out. She beat the crap out of every single twisted knot in my whole freaking body. And then she flipped me over on my back. Oh, no privacy drape like at other American spas. Just laying there on the table like a corpse. Hot towels arrived and then one steaming hot one landed on my boobs. Oh, thanks for the privacy. WRONG. She then massaged my boobs with the hot towel. Not just the pecs, it was full on boob massage like I wished it was Brad Pitt doing the job.Why is this review soooo long? Just in case you're like me and don't know what a mogyuktang is. I wasn't quite prepared for this experience. I thought I was going to a place where I could have a massage and fall asleep til the drool started falling out of my mouth...
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,1/22/2011,147,155,11,10,6>Since my first review, I've become the Duke of this place which I'm proud to claim!I love love love this place!  I've built good rapport with the nice old man, and the friendly ladies cooking it up in the back.  To them, I must be known as "the guy who comes in alone all time and watches movies on his iPhone while he waits for his food guy".  I'm starting to explore other items on their menu and not once have I ever been disappointed.  Last week, I had their pork chop dish and asked if I could put an egg on top.  Request granted!  Awesome service =)  And as usual, super ninja quick with the water refills!I'm glad this place received their "People on Yelp Love Us" sticker because people like me really do.  Order #11 (large bowl pho with brisket and rare steak) FTHellaW!On my next visit, I'll try to catch their names.  This place is easily one of my favorite places to eat at on Oahu.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/4/2010,1/21/2011,865,217,26,36,27>I was craving some Uni (sea urchin) so we decided to stop off for a light meal before heading out for the night. My friend's not much into eating anything raw so we ordered some of the basic cooked items. I took 1 star off because aside from the smaller than usual portions, the waitress that took our order wasn't cooperative. She flat out refused my request for some fried Ika Geso. They serve their squid legs grilled but I've been able to order it karaage style in the past, at the same $6.50 price. What's so hard about telling the chef to flour it and throw it into the deep fryer together with my chicken karaage?! UNI (sea urchin) $5 for 2pc IKURA (salmon roe) $7 for 2pcyelp.com/biz_photos/HNeW… The portions seemed smaller on this particular night, usually the rice alone is a mouthful for me. The uni and ikura weren't topped off like it use to be, boo..... The uni was not as fluffy and firm as I'd like. It's more gooey than usual  but still buttery and melt-in-your mouth delicious. No shoyu needed, you want to savor the sweetness of this delicacy. TORI KARAAGE $6.50 You guys know how much I love anything karaage, so I always order some when given the chance. The chicken came out piping hot, while the inside stayed moist and tender. It's tasty as always and the light corn starch flour coating gave it a nice crunch.yelp.com/biz_photos/HNeW…GRILLED SCALLOPS $6 for 2 pc We got 3 decent sized scallops with the coral/roe still attached. The scallops were a bit over-cooked for my taste, I prefer mines med/med rare. But it was delicious! The tare sauce (yakitori sauce made from mirin, sake, shoyu and sugar) brought out the sweetness of the scallops.yelp.com/biz_photos/HNeW…BEEF KUSHI $6.50 for 2 skewers The tender pieces of beef was also dipped in the same tare sauce as the scallops, then grilled. It was okay but not something I would normally order at a japanese joint, but I got it for my friend to try. yelp.com/biz_photos/HNeW…GRILLED BEEF TONGUE $5.50 I love tanshio! Aaron enjoyed it as well, but did mention that he wished I didn't tell him what it was, hahaha! yelp.com/biz_photos/HNeW…It was seasoned well and tasted like very lean pork, delicious! I just wished it wasn't so paper-thin bc some pieces were dried out. It was like eating beef jerky. yelp.com/biz_photos/HNeW…CHICKEN YAKITORI $5.50 for 2 skewers  Again dressed in the tare sauce and grilled. Sad plate of food. The measly portion of chicken was overcooked and dry. By now I was getting pretty sick of the yakitori/tare sauce! yelp.com/biz_photos/HNeW…SPIDER ROLL $10.50 A side dish of rice to go with my pupus, lol. It was okay, can't go wrong with a deep fried soft-shell crab wrapped in sushi rice. The kaiware/daikon sprouts was the only healthy portion of my meal. yelp.com/biz_photos/HNeW…
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,1/20/2011,32,630,5,7,6>Came here after a morning of walking around the swap meet.  It was 11 and the place was completely empty on a Saturday.  Where was everybody?! were we just the early lunch crowd?  Anyway, i wasnt too hungry after doing some snacking at the swap meet so I just got something small, the junior teriyaki chicken.  There were so many things I wanted to try though because their pictures on the menu looked really good.  Everyone else ordered their usual as it was only my first time there.  It was quite a long wait seeing as though we were the only customers but I think its because there were only 2 other people working.  Any who, they brought all the sushi items first and I got to sample my auntie's superman maki ($8.50 + tax) and boy was that thing amazing...i think its spicy tuna in the middle with a slice of tuna on top.  As for my dish, it came last and when everyone else was almost done.  I was a little surprised because the chicken came out fried when i was expecting it to be like grilled teriyaki chicken, instead it tasted like mochiko chicken with a drizzle of teriyaki sauce.  It was pretty good but not what I wanted.  It came atop some rice and with 3 pieces of cucumber and 3 pieces of shinko maki that was eh for $5.75+ tax.  Other items ordered was the kalbi kimchee maki which they said you couldnt even taste the kimchee.  Someone ordered the futo maki/inari combo and she said she had better.  Another got the spicy tuna set and he seemed to like that.  Overall, the superman maki was my fav and i'd like to try other menu items as they all looked good.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,1/19/2011,1750,731,7,13,9>Usually when I dine here I ask the others sitting at the bar where they're from and how they've heard of Morio's. Yelp is really getting the word out! (Yay, Yelp!!) I've met a ton of people from all over the world here!Morio's is becoming busier and busier, where a reservation is pretty much required. Morio has a limited staff and tries to accommodate anyone and everyone he can. Junko is the usual waitress, Jeff helps out with washing dishes, Sam works on Thursdays, and sometimes my boyfriend and I randomly fill in or help out. (My bf has been pretty good friends with Morio for years, hence the "help[ing] out")  Working at Morio's is tough by the way...--Morio's Sushi is an experience-- People come here for the quality, taste, price, and the company. And for those of you who've gotten the chance to talk to him know that Morio is a character. **It's really important that if you're trying this place for the first time, you sit at the bar. So don't forget to make that reservation for the sushi bar! :)You won't regret it. And if he seems a little quiet, he's probably really busy. or he needs some liquid courage! Offer him some sake and he's sure to loosen up a little.Don't forget: BYOB and make a reservation :)
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,1/18/2011,265,441,13,9,7>It is safe to say, that a night in Waikiki no longer ends until a stop @Wangchungs '. It's most definitely the tiniest tavern that touts tremendous tunes and is always a good place to share with friends of every color, creed or ...singing ability.The GOOD: The people here are always a good crowd, for the most part, and especially behind the bar. Staffed with a very welcoming and admirable group, Wang's is always a place that, like Cheer's, will know your name (if you come often enough). The best part, Dan, the fearless leader gives the BEST hug in your life. You think it's dumb, don't you... but seriously, the man must have studied some ancient Chinese or Japanese art of embraces because the man will hug you and you will melt. Where else are you going to get a free hug in Waikiki?... Well... at least a hug from someone clean and groomed, Silver-Man? No way - plus who knows where Silver-Man goes after he clocks out of "statue-ing" on Kalakaua. Dan's clasping cuddle will be, by far, the best you ever had. Dan and his group of bartenders also specialize in infusing things into alcohols (primarily the martini making mixer, Vodka). From Cranberries to Coconut, Dan will stick anything into vodka and let it marinade. Conversely, one of my favorite beverages they have, however doesn't (or shouldn't) have vodka in it. The 'Bud' Mojito. It's your typical Mojito, except made by the bartender: Bud, the seven-foot master of Mojitos. He adds a special ingredient to the Mojito - Love. In addition to the drinks being awesome, the song list is monumental. Wang's is stocked up with a mountain of music and you cannot be looking for 'your' without running into 73 other songs that you end up wanting to sing too.The BAD: Unfortunately, the bad is the sheer size of Wang Chung's. With seating for about 15, its popularity is definitely its worst characteristic due to soo many people packing themselves into such a tiny establishment. Another sad note is its attraction to tourist, which wouldn't be so bad, if only the tourist weren't such douches, but what do you expect when you're dealing with folk that only have to be here for a few days and then they go back to where ever they smolder at [side note: if you're a tourist please ignore the previous line and know that we welcome you to the island! Aloha!]. Overall: This place has definitely become a staple to my repertoire of local stops when I cruise through my hood of Waiks. Annoyingly crowded or not, I always stop in when I am in the neighborhood. If not to get a Free Dan hug then for a great handcrafted libation. Wang's song list is also extensive and immensely impressive. I would be surprised if you couldn't find your 'favorite' song to ruin with your lyrical or auditory handicap.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,1/17/2011,376,199,16,8,9>Reading the recent review about Monarch Seafood was like hearing the Oama are running on the South Shore, for me.  I just dropped everything I was doing, changed from shorts to pants, got in my car and headed for this store.  I was so excited, I almost forgot to zip up my fly.I parked on the side of the Checkers (Shhhhh!) and ran across the street to Monarch.  I was excited because this is what I have been looking for, for a long time.  A contemporary hole-in-the-wall that I have never tried before.  Took a quick look around to confirm is was a hole-in-the-wall and sure enough, it met all of my criteria.  Smiling elderly lady behind the counter, small eatery with a distinct personality.  I didn't dilly dally around and went with the Yelper's recommendations and ordered the Nori Wrapped Crabmeat Stuffed Ahi.  I grabbed the menu on the side, scrolled down and then yelled, "Wait!  Wait! I change my mind.  Let me have the Garlic Butter Sauteed Tiger Prawns with Zucchini and Mushroom over Linguine instead."  When I saw that on the menu, it made my mouth water and my stomach squirm.  Then I changed my mind again and paused.  I'm now thinking Kukui Nut Crusted Ahi Belly.  I was confused because everything sounded good.  I could tell I was irritating the counter lady.  She gave me the stink eye and asked for my name.  I asked "Why?" and she said she was going to give me a "one star" rating on Yelp! I couldn't blame her.  I apologized and begged for forgiveness and ended up ordering the Stuffed Ahi.  As I drove home, the smell in my car was driving me crazy hungry.  You know the feeling.  It's when the red, green and yellow stoplights look like one scoop of rice, a scoop of potato macaroni salad and a ball of nori wrapped ahi.  But I just had to take this home to share with my gf.  After one bite, I asked her what she thought and she said "This is better then getting the 2 carat diamond ring (which she knew was a cube) that you bought me for my birthday.  All things have happy endings if you bring home great food.  Delish!!!!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2010,1/16/2011,291,92,8,4,6>After an early class, my sister and I was hungry for some hearty breakfast.  We wanted to try Kaila or the Cream pot but we opted for Cafe Kaila since it was closer.  I usually see a long line in front of the store but it wasn't so bad today at about 10 am.  We wrote our names down like they do at Gomatei and entertained ourselves with the cute little doggies next door.  Before we knew it, we were hailed in by a very chill looking gentleman.  He was very nice and even joked with us.  I ordered the cinnamon and sugar french toast with bananas plus a side of Portuguese sausage.  My sister got the Belgian waffles.  My french toast came out so thick and fluffy!  I think the slices were an inch and half thick and was loaded with bananas and strawberries.  Most restaurants don't give a lot of fruits but I could tell Cafe Kaila is a fruit lover!!  The table next to us had the fruit yogurt cup and the fruits just looked so fresh and sweet.  My french toast was lightly sweetened and you could taste the cinnamon which was awesome because I cannot at most places.  My sister's waffle was big!  Lightly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside; perfect with syrup.  The Portuguese sausage was ok, I like mine more cancerous.  Both dishes were good and before you say, "But how can you mess up on breakfast food?" think about the last time you had breakfast food you enjoyed!  The fountain in the dining area gave it the finishing touch and of course ample parking in market city.  Next time I want some good breakfast I can count on, you'll find me at Kaila's!PS: they take dish washing as payment! And no credit cards...
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/1/2010,1/15/2011,680,99,3,9,10>when i hear "country club" i envision snooty couples in matching argyle cardigans, strict rules and stuffy staff. this isn't the case for Pearl Country Club's restaurant, hidden on the lower level near the golf course - you don't have to be a member or even play golf to eat here! the ambiance is Ige's-like (plain white room with tables and chairs), local servers saying "see ya next week" to the local regulars, and last but not least, good homestyle food. we went for breakfast but i was surprised at the variety offered for lunch, pupu and dinner, from ahi poke and burgers to saimin and donburi! due to the appetizing color pictures on the menu (love that btw!) i was eyeing the katsudon, but at this time of day we were limited to brekkie. we ordered the usual suspects: pancakes, eggs, bacon, arabiki sausage, omelet, hashbrowns, and even a "japanese breakfast" of grilled salmon, miso soup, egg and rice. everything was A-OK, filling and served with a smile. they didn't flinch at the toddlers running around or that we stayed alittle longer to chat. prices were also decent at $6-9 as some items were specially priced on the "early bird" menu (served 6-9 a.m.). one day i hope to return to try the katsudon and other local japanese dishes, maybe we'll even sit outside to enjoy the peaceful view of the golf course. it may be more like going to aunty's house than a "country club," but beg-your-pardon, i think i like it that way!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,1/14/2011,48,216,22,22,22>Oh Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, how I love your speedy service, cool color hair, and the cool earrings! (I suppose when you're writing reviews when you're drunk you don't realize the double posting!) I was introduced to Bar 35 by a friend of mine once I started working in Downtown, and I can't think of going anywhere else but! The staff are great, but most of the time Eddie is our bartender so I can't say anything but good about him! He's always there to deliver me my Belvedere soda when I'm parched and has our nuggets with BBQ and sweet chili sauce and the fries prepared because my friend will only eat that.The prices are VERY reasonable and like Emi said, I go for Eddie's service. Btw for you Belvedere lovers, HH is 5 dollar Chopin and Belvedere!
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,1/13/2011,208,45,13,9,10>Who buys a car with a broken key? Phillip H. does!!! Haha well actually, I didn't really buy it. I got it as part of a trade so I guess it's not that fail on my part.Long story short: Phillip: How much does it cost for a new key?Lexus: About a $100Phillip: How about $20 and a hug?Lexus: NoOuchOrdered a key blank online, and took it to the Key Guy.  The place is located behind Best Buy in Pearl City in that huge lot of establishments. Apparently there's another key guy in the same lot so i got really confused when I went to the wrong guy. I kept telling him that i talked to him, and he kept telling me he didn't. So confusing.The actual location is on the ground floor. Look for the bright green van and you'll see it. Guy, the owner was informative and pretty quick with the cut. I didn't have the car with me, so I couldn't test it out, but he said that if it didn't work, to call him.  I was praying to every god imaginable, especially the god of saving me a trip from town back to pearl city over a car I didn't really care for. The total cost was about $30, so i wasn't complaining. What really made these guys shine though, was the fact that Guy called me a few hours later to see if I had tried the key out to make sure it worked. I had to throw some offerings to the god of good customer service. Overall, if you need any kind of keys cut and you're in the area, go to these guys. They have a yelp discount which makes them even better. All hail the god of good deals and customer service!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,1/12/2011,165,48,19,8,12>When I first took a bite of the delicious shaved ice, the first thing I said to my friend was - "It tastes like little happy clouds in my mouth."I'm sorry, but Shimazu gives Waiola and Matsumoto a drop-kick, spinning heel kick, double slap, dragon palm upper fist twist kick, and *insert favorite martial arts move here* to their shaved ice.  It's that good.  It's almost boastful.  It laughs at the other shaved ice places.  I had li hing mui, milk tea, strawberry cream, and vanilla cream... all amazeballs.  You can add your own amazeballs (mochi balls) and condensed milk (my favorite).I am so happy I don't have to pay a few bucks to get my itty bitty Waiola shaved ice that doesn't even have syrup all the way to the bottom.  And I'm even more happy I don't have to get the break-your-teeth-because-the-ice-isn't-finely-­shaved from Matsumoto's.  *Happy shaved ice dancing*  Shimazu Store is like the double rainbow in the sky.  Intense.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,1/11/2011,731,1118,7,9,9>Where does one begin when writing their review of the Hawaii International Film Festival (HIFF)? Do we start with the great selection of movies? Maybe the great opportunities to talk to the directors about what insights they might have about their firms? Or maybe its the fact that their tickets are very reasonable.The movie selections tend to showcase more Asian and Pacific Island themed movies, however with the addition of EuroCinema, more european selections are making their way into the mix. 10 days of amazing movies that you wouldn't normally see, and some not even NetFlix might have. Most of the films are shown at the Regal Dole Cannery theater which is comfortable and fairly easy to find parking. However, if you are thinking it is going to be the normal parking situation, you might want to add a few moments cause you might have to park on level 5 or 6 instead of 4. Other films are shown at UH and at the Honolulu Academy of Arts.One word of advice, buy your tickets early and arrive at the theater early for popular showings. Otherwise you won't be able to get in or you will be stuck in a bad part of the theater.Membership prices are very reasonable and something to think about buying while supporting a great cause!Oh HIFF...how I wish you were year round...although, then we might not have such a positive relationship that we share...
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,1/10/2011,207,115,7,11,10>Saigon Deli is a gem hidden in Liliha. Mai makes everything from scratch and her attention to detail in the food she prepares speaks volumes of her culinary craft. I dont know how long she has been a business owner but she has been a cook all her life Im sure. I love her green papaya salad. Mai makes it fresh to order and incorporates other fresh veggies that I cant quite distinguish but her combination makes it the best Ive ever had. The summer roles are excellent and very large, as Michelle L. said her dipping sauce is outstanding! I am dying to try her pho as I have heard nothing but great things. If youre in the area or just want some great home cooked food, this is the place, you wont be disappointed.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,1/9/2011,173,319,9,11,9>Desserts are my thing.   I love me some sweet stuff, homemade is always best.  I even have a close friend who is a baker.  She would create these wonderful delicious concoctions that would blow my mind!  When I read about Otto cake on the trusty 'ol Yelp, I couldn't wait to try one of his delectable cheesecakes.  After having lunch at Cafe Laniakea Katrina D. and I walked on down to Smith street.  It's a bit of a walk yet we did have a great lunch and to feel better about ourselves after eating sweets at otto cake it was best we walk there and back =o)Otto cake is a cute little bakery with kind of an artsy deco 1950's theme going on, I really don't know what you call it but it works! They have a beautiful chandelier and the ceiling is painted like the sky, i particularly like their curtains that hide their kitchen.To the sweet stuff:When you walk in the first thing that stares at you is the dessert fridge. They had several cheesecakes available, Pumpkin, green tea, plain, chocolate chip, cheesecake brownie and a red velvet cheesecake sandwich.  Above the case is a massive list of other cheesecakes they can make for you if you call in.  They make different ones every day, perhaps I'll make it a point to visit Otto cake and try a different one every time!!I opted for the pumpkin cheesecake, Holiday season has started so I'm really into pumpkin right now.  On the counter they have a case filled with cupcakes, brownies, and cookies. Yumm. I also got a Lilikoi cupcake & a french silk chocolate cupcake, which  was just a cupcake with milk chocolate chips and chocolate frosting.  We ate a bit of our dessert there.  I LOVED the pumpkin cheesecake, I could taste the homemade-ness and the crust was amazing, moist and delicious.  I tried a bit of my friend's green tea cheesecake, that one was great as well! Green tea can be hard to get right sometimes. Otto even came out and asked us how everything was, it's really sweet to see the owners of small businesses like this, it shows me they really care about what they're doing.  I'd definitely come back here and try another cheesecake or brownie cheesecake or both.  One day, i might even order a 6inch cheesecake in pumpkin for $15!  Dessert lovers, you need to try this gem! oh yes: CASH ONLY.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,1/8/2011,392,296,11,13,10>My good friend Mike moved here to Banzai from the Dark Side and after a LONG haitus of no tats I decided on my next one.  I talk/text/holla at Mike once in a while and always say, "I coming in soon" or "I'll holla at you man".  Finally, after 3 years since my last tat I made my decision on the size, placement, and my daughter's 2 middle chinese names "Oy" (love) and "Gin" (determination).  I decided on my right side abs about 5x9 inches to include the 2 characters.My wife's cousin did the calligraphy for me (he used to do it in China when he was a youngster) and confirmed it with my in laws (both from China in their younger years).  As you can tell all my tats have special meanings and special people were a part of it.Anyways, got to the shop and everyone was helpful and courteous.  Mike, of course, talked stories with me about custom knives and skull jewelry and Howie (who I know from a past life) helped me with cropping, enlarging the image, and making the transfer.  All in all, very professional and helpful.Everything was sterile and straight up in there.  No one can come inside unless you are getting tatted, no drinks lying all over the place, and all the specs in order.  Even the light Mike used was wrapped like a dentist office and replaced when I left. Anyways, the tat was painful, like it should be.  And I was more than happy with the results.  Mike gave me the breaks I needed, let me cry when I needed (ha ha), and just made me feel like one of his cousins hanging out at his house getting a tat.I would reccommend Banzai Tattoo to anyone and as for the artists, I am biased to my boy Mike Higuchi.  Straight up, a good man, and like a brother to me.  Thanks Banzai Tattoo, I will be back!
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,1/7/2011,185,168,5,7,7>This is between a 4-4.5.  I haven't wrote an update on this place in a while, though I've been here a number of times since then so I decided it was only appropriate to re-review this place.They always have their standard menu with their monthly (I believe it's monthly) specials changing (some that are really popular I believe stay on the specials menu, while the rest of it changes, just because it would be a tragedy not to have a favorite stay on the menu).  Since the last time I've discovered a few new things that I really like, and some that I've tried before, but I now have a change of heart on the items.The Ryan's appetizer sampler which comes with potstickers, kalua pork quesadillas, and hot wings.  Before I didn't like the potstickers, but now I really do.  I'm not sure if they changed the sauce or perhaps my tastebuds changed, but it took an army to stop me from slurping the sauce from the ramekin.  You can never go wrong with hot wings, and I liked the quesadilla still.  Sweet jamaican jerk fries are good and I like the Thai chili coconut aioli it comes with.  Being the fatty that I am I actually ate the whole basket by myself one day while having a late night drink with the fiance.  What did he have to say about this? "Oh, my little piggy!" How embarrasing.  I really like their pizza insalata and it's a four cheese pizza with a tomato relish (which is awesome!!), field greens, and a vinaigrette.  I also really like their caesar salad and their French onion soup.  It tastes like they make their caesar dressing fresh because I can taste the anchovies, it's wonderful.  And the French onion soup isn't as salty as before, which was one of the reasons why I stopped eating it, so it was a pleasant surprise to see that it was perfectly seasoned... and you can taste the alcohol (I think that's only a bonus for me, though)!This is still one of my favorite places to go that I know will always have it's staple dishes that I'll hold near and dear to my heart.  It also has great happy hour specials!
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/1/2010,1/6/2011,357,142,8,10,6>If you don't care that Ray's Cafe food will take an estimated one year off your human life expectancy, then it's all good. Just go, don't even read the rest of this review. For the others: this place is cheap due to a surprising economies of scale and cost-effectiveness. I completely agree with Tamra's review that I was startled by the prices and didn't expect much. To be totally honest I didn't feel that I got much quality-wise. Quantity, yes; quality, no. (I ordered their teri beef and tasted some of the prime rib so others may have more experience with better quality menu items.) The food was pretty greasy and the meat wasn't high quality. But it was extremely cheap and there's no arguing against the saying, "you pay for what you get." I get the feeling that Ray's is special to most people not necessarily because of the food but because of the memories...and Ray? James F. definitely reminisced about coming here with his friends, that has to count for something. I would go back but I am going to make sure that I didn't eat any meat for a week prior to coming here so I could consume the unhealthiness. For those who like Ray's cafe, I think I am doing you a favor. I give this place 3 stars which will make it look less desirable on the overall ratings. Good luck with the parking and finding a table!
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,1/5/2011,144,174,3,17,8>A friend once told me that he couldn't understand how on one hand I can love the intricacies of a well prepared dish at a place like Chef Mavro's, but the following day, nearly have an orgasm when I eat some garlic chicken from Mistuken (okay, really bad word choice but you get the idea).  Well, what more can I say except that I really love food...all kinds, in every form.  From things like catching a fish or growing vegetables, to the preparation of the ingredients, and finally to the eating, I really enjoy every aspect of it.This is why I celebrate special occasions at Mavro's; his devotion to food really shows in his dishes.  Flavors are intricately layered so every ingredient shines through, one flavor never overpowering another, just perfectly balanced.  Yes, the food is pricey and the portions are on the smaller side, but I come here for the dining experience, not to gorge myself with loads of grease and starch.  Dined here a couple of weeks ago and we both had the 4 course meal. You can substitute any course with another item on the menu, but be aware that some substitutions do come with an extra charge.The dishes we had were the Colorado lamb, Kurobuta pork, Wagyu beef, Hamachi poke & cavier, and the Day boat catch (I forget what kind of fish it was). We each had a different dessert so we could get a taste of both. Each dish was fantastic but my favorite was the kurobuta pork. The tenderloin medallions were so tender and light while the shank was crispy and meaty. Of the 2 desserts, the lilikoi malasadas were good but the Chocolate and banana crème caramel was heavenly.The service here is always top notch. Mavro did come out to the dining room to talk to guests and his wife, who watches the front, also came around to chat with diners to make sure everyone was happy. The rest of the wait staff is always attentive and professional, too.On average, I'd say I've dined here once a year since they opened and have never been disappointed. It is definitely a splurge but well worth it.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,1/4/2011,212,76,7,9,9>Hookah is a fun word to say, it sort of has a weird sound to it, but it really does roll off the tongue nicely.  In fact with every puff I take, it's almost as if the words "hookah" run off my tongue and disappear into a puff of smoke. I mean, compare it to saying, "I smoked a cigarette" to "I smoked hookah."  Hookah just sounds way more sophisticated, and it is...I got introduced to this place because my friend was fiending for some hookah and didn't really wanna try it on his own.  I was a hookah lounge virgin; only have smoked the stuff at house parties in my hay day.  So I was down to relive some old memories.  Everyone is chill here, from the patrons, to the live performers, to the guy working the counter.  But that should be expected, since they're all buzzing, either off the hookah or alcohol or both (since its BYOB!).People here share their beers, their bottle openers, they share their songs, their stories, and their good vibes.  I like going when it's open mic, live entertainment and a crowd full of happy people.  Can't beat that.  The more people you come with; the cheaper it is.  You pay $10 for the hookah and the price of the shisha.  I found that going with a bunch of friends made the shisha go faster, but also made good use of the flat rate hookah rental which is split amongst all those smoking at your hookah.  What's nice is that they provide plastic caps for sanitary purposes.  What's not nice is that sometimes the hookah water looks like it goes unchanged for the whole day.  I've heard of places ice chilling the water and changing it after every round of customers.  This place doesn't look like they're going for high end hookah smokers, so they keep it simple.  The furniture isn't much to look at, so if you're used to some posh hookah lounge up on the west coast, sorry Hawaii doesn't quite have anything like that yet.  Customer service is... chill. They work at their own pace; real local style, but nothing to complain about here.This place gets pretty crowded around 10pm and stays that way until closing.  If you're the adventurous type, bring your guitar, bring you voice, and bring your lyrics; the happy high crowd will make you feel like you're playing at the Apollo.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,1/3/2011,86,269,7,13,7>Let's get the obvious out of the way: Yogurstory is a terrible name for a coffee/sandwich shop that's off to a great start and has a ton of potential. Aside from the name, this place has it all:- Beautiful design: just take my word for it. My iPhone moves at a glacial pace these days. A sloth could swim to Hawaii before my camera app would load but the lighting, art and overall decor is extraordinarily well done.- Friendly service: I came here once by myself and once with a group. Under both circumstances the staff was friendly yet unobtrusive. - Lots of parking: you know why.- Free Wifi: again, you know why.- Near-perfect coffee: the Tuxedo Mocha is divine. Their soy lattes are the best I've had in Hawaii.- Delicious food: I've had the breakfast sandwich (egg, bacon, cheese on a fresh croissant) and the cranberry chicken salad sandwich (just what it sounds like, on a croissant). Both were excellent. Their pastries - made in house - are also quite good. Oddly enough, the yogurt was my least favorite thing I had there. Oh well, just another reason for them to change their name.Also, they're BYOB and can cater/host large parties.This is my new favorite place in Honolulu.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,1/2/2011,360,130,15,21,14>Enough of this Angry Korean Lady stuff. She's perhaps the coolest most Motherly Korean Lady I've ever met. All because you're timid, DOES NOT mean she's angry. Be a little more introspective, people.You can read a million reviews about how good her food is and how angry she is, but I am gonna give it to you straight (omg, me being straight?). If you are here for the first time (I KNOW most of you are, I see you guys walk in with that flabbergasted look and whispering "yelp said it was good..."), follow these dos and don'ts.DO:- Sit yourself down. Woman is cooking the best meal of your life, she has no time to say "please, have a seat."- Write down your order, and write it down the way it's on the menu. - Take your written order to her in her kitchen.- Serve yourself water.- If pitcher is empty, go in the back and say you want more water.- Bring liquor - and share. With your friends, with neighboring tables, with her!- Share your food! Treat this family style - Motherly Korean Lady doesn't like her kids (you) not sharing.- Take Motherly Korean Lady's advice regarding spiciness. You CANNOT handle "10" just deal with it.- Treat AhLang as if it were her HOME, not her restaurant.- Go in her kitchen and ask for the check. Know what you ordered, in case she asks.- Thank her for the f'ing amazing food.DON'T:- Sit at a uncleaned table. She won't clean it unless all tables are taken.- Go by yourself. This is definitely a social environment.- Try to use your phony ass Korean when you're ordering... well do that if you wanna be schooled, son.- Wait around for your order to be taken.- Be the millionth person to copy Emi's order. (yes chive jun is amazing, but so is the kimchee jun and seafood jun too!) Motherly Korean Lady will totally call you out on this.- Underestimate the portion size.- Wait around for check.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/26/2010,1/1/2011,169,446,6,8,8>They are known for their steaks served on a sizzling cast iron plate so it can get pretty smokey, so the pretty seating area outside helps to offset it and has a romantic vibe. The service was friendly but like many other reviewers mentioned, it is very slow.  It took a long time to order food and then a really long time for our food to come out and the server rarely came to check on us.  The problem was that there were only two people serving and bussing the entire place.  Another thing was the timing of the food.  We received one appetizer at a time, which was fine as we were all sharing.  However it's not preferable with the entrees as it was between 10-15 minutes between different people being served at our table.  There were only 5 people at our table, and it would have been optimal to have been able to eat approximately around the same time.  As far as food goes, there were a lot of hits and a few misses.  Highlights for me was the caprese salad (though the raw garlic slices layered between the other ingredients wasn't necessary) and the filet mignon.  As someone who likes to eat my steak more well, the sizzling plate was perfect because I was able to continue cooking my steak longer on it.  The steak comes with a vegetable side (nothing exciting), decent garlic mashed potatoes, and really good roasted garlic cloves.  The crab appetizer that we shared was really dry and I wouldn't recommend.  The garlic toast was good but  with each bite of the bread you get a gush of oil in it which was a bit much.  I also had the garlic pasta which was described as pasta with bacon and crushed red peppers.  It turned out to be spaghetti noodles with pork belly and cabbage. It really was like eating chow mein and the garlic flavor wasn't that pronounced and it was also really greasy.  For $16, I didn't enjoy that very much and would have much rather ordered chow mein somewhere else.For dessert we tried the garlic ice creams.  Our table ordered the honey garlic and the coconut garlic and I thought the garlic flavor was very subtle and interesting.  It may have tasted subtle only because of chomping down on the roasted garlic pieces earlier though.  Anyway, I'm glad I tried it but not really my thing.  For crazy garlic craving I would much rather opt for a garlic shrimp plate.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,12/31/2010,588,341,9,10,10>I went with some Nobu vets and superstars so we were WELL taken care of while dining, drinking and tasting in the bar/lounge area!  A few in our group went for the Restaurant Week selections and our gracious experts gave the newbies a grand tour of the top menu selections. From the Restaurant Week menu, we chose for our appetizer, the Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno.  Three thin slices of tender, buttery delicious.  Not even a tummy tickler though.  I was so hungry, ate it without taking a pic so i'm gonna cheat and link to someone else's (the only difference in mine was 1/2 the amount):yelp.com/biz_photos/hudR… For my entree, I chose the Black Cod Saikyo Miso.  I LOVE me some butterfish!  Surprisingly, the piece of fish was huge!  Check it out:yelp.com/biz_photos/hudR…Flaky and delicious!  It was served with Sushi and Miso Soup.For dessert, we each ordered one of the two selections to sample: Dolce Marscapone with Passion Fruit Pureeyelp.com/biz_photos/hudR…Ma'O Meyer Lemon Sorbet with Chocolate Crunchyelp.com/biz_photos/hudR…gross, strange.  I hardly ever meet a dessert I don't like but I hated both of these.  Luckily, our superstar ordered the most delicious dessert I think i've EVER had!  A trio of fudge, pistachio ice-cream and cappuccino... sorry, dominated... no pic of the actual dessert but for your viewing pleasure:yelp.com/biz_photos/hudR…The next time i'm here, I would order what our knowledgeable partners suggested and were SO right about which were:the king crab tempurayelp.com/biz_photos/hudR…rock shrimp tempura yelp.com/biz_photos/hudR…and the "fish n' chips" were so great.  Well, the fish (chilean sea bass?) was so good dipped in the ponzu then the green tea sea salt but I could've done without the "chips" - too thick cut potatoes.yelp.com/biz_photos/hudR…The bartenders were so creative, I have no clue of most of what was in any of the specialty drinks he concocted for us but they were damn tasty!yelp.com/biz_photos/hudR…I'm happy to report Ka'ili H and I got our Nobu CHERRIES POPPED, thanks to Cin T and Min K :)
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,12/30/2010,1394,153,10,21,22>Sing it baby!!I LOVE this place!! It's awesome!! Nothing like drinking, singing, and being crazy with your friends in an enclosed room!We got the private room upstairs for my friends birthday.  It holds up to 18 people and it was very fun!I think that Krazy Karaoke has one of the best song selections and their song selectors and remotes are very easy to use.  Props for that!!I LOVE that it's BYOB and you can also bring your own food! Bummer that they charge $0.26 per cup, but at least they give you free ice!!So, just a recommendation, call ahead of time and reserve, because they're always busy.  Bring your own coolers, cups, utensils, napkins, plates, drinks, and food and you'll be all set!Also, if it's your actual birthday on the day you go there, you get a discount!! Woohoo!!Their mics are good, their rooms are clean and they just ROCK!!! Good music, crazy drunken times!! LOVE IT!!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,12/29/2010,166,258,4,7,6>My fiancee and I dined here this evening as her cravings for Mexican food reached crisis levels.  I've heard of this place (thanks to Yelp) months ago and held this one as my ace in the hole.  Considering how many *bad* Mexican places we have on this island and coupling that with the fact that she spent a decade living in Los Angeles I hoped Yelp wouldn't let me down.You guys didn't... as usual.  This place is great!I had the Flauta plate and my fiancee had the Enchiladas.  Everything about the meal was great, the portion sizes were just right... the beans were great, the rice was delicious.  Comparing this to Mexican food elsewhere isn't fair nor helpful, being we can't drive to little Mexico 3,000 miles away this is the next best thing.  Scratch that, the BEST thing for those of us living in Hawaii.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2010,12/28/2010,91,203,3,5,5>You've heard of molecular gastronomy, but Saku now specializes in historical gastronomy.  Yeah, that's right: it's closed, but, like many other shuttered listings, Yelp hasn't changed the status yet.  They're working on it, though, so don't worry. :)Saku is good because they're (were) open until 11:00 pm on Friday and Saturday night, and, in Kailua, that's really late.  The place was completely deserted when we came in at about 9:30 last Saturday night, so I'm actually surprised that they keep those hours.  Most of what my girlfriend and I ordered was pretty tasty, but the portions were small and the prices were tall.  Also, they were out (one discontinued, and two sold out) of the first three things we tried to order.  We actually really enjoyed our Vegetable Tempura, and these pork katsu skewer "thingies" with miso sauce were also really delicious.  The biggest disappointment was, indeed, the Firecracker Roll.  Danny C's review says it all on that one.I do, however, think that Saku's right in line with Bistro A Un in the McCully Shopping Center. (Besides the fact that A Un is now celebrating their 7th anniversary.)
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,12/27/2010,295,401,26,30,28>Red White and Bloated! During the Fourth of July weekend, I had to see what all the hype was about. With all the positive reviews, this place did not disappoint. This is how it works: while waiting outside for my name to be called, the waitress took our order of the broths ($6-12 each) and raw meats ($4-5 each) available. Of course, I was stuck in the 30 minute wait but once I was seated my order was waiting for me on the table. Let the hot pot luv fest began! Since I was a newbie, I tried the regular and spicy which had the perfect balance of flavor. Next, you go to the self-serve refrigerators and grab all the extra ingredients you want for your pot. All of the dishes are color/price coded ($2.75-4.75) and they had a huge variety from seafood to veggies to noodles. It doesn't stop there! Got your tongues wagging yet?? Now, you go to the dipping sauces (maybe about 8-10) and pour it into a little dish which you bring back to your table. I was addicted to the homemade spicy sauce with the chicken patties, tofu and enoki mushrooms. Take all your ingredients and dip it into the broth and start your grubbing! The wait staff makes sure you're satisfied by refilling your soups, rice (free!) and water. The head waitress Susan must do comedy on the side, because we were joking the whole time! As if it couldn't get any better... BYOB! Just when you think it's over, they serve you a complimentary shave ice! We're talking the whole works of mango pudding, fresh mangoes, almond jello, boba and condensed milk. By this time, my belly button turned into an outtie! After eating here, I definitely saw the promised land of hot pots!
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,12/26/2010,1057,49,7,13,7>On Saturday morning, I cracked a tooth. Having not seen a dentist in over a decade, I had no idea what to do. My good friend Burt mentioned that his brother, Dayton, was a dentist, and with no more information than that, I called and asked for help.Even though the office was booking appointments for regular clients three months in advance, they made room for me on their Saturday schedule (they close at 1 p.m., so they asked me to come in at 12:30 p.m., less than two hours from my call).As office locations go, Oahu Dental Care is interestingly situated, tucked in the corner of a strip mall ("between American Savings Bank and Chuck E. Cheese's in Pearl City" were the simple directions).I showed up, a complete stranger, completely at a loss as to what to do. Nonetheless, the staff was friendly and helpful and extraordinarily patient with my stupid questions. I didn't know my insurance policy number, but they were able to look it up. I filled out some forms, and after a short wait, was led back to an exam room.Suffice it to say, I'm a lousy patient, and there's a reason I've avoided the dentist for so long. I was nervous and jumpy and wasn't doing the staff any favors. But Dayton was both professional and extremely diplomatic (which is to say, he didn't say outright what a disaster my teeth were). He and his capable assistant Crystal assessed the situation and got to fixing it right away.And by fixing it, I mean shooting me up with painkillers, going at my tooth with a variety of drills and pointy metal things, and finishing up with cement and glue and duct tape (well, not really).Considering that I was planning only on relaxing at the water park with my family only two hours earlier, it's notable that they were able to ease me into emergency dental work so smoothly. Frankly, I'm surprised I didn't take off like a bat outta hell. They're that good.Of course, now I'm hoping to become a regular, and will probably be waiting three months for a normal appointment for some long overdue dental work. But Dayton and his team made a great first impression under the worst of circumstances.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2010,12/25/2010,154,194,13,12,8>This place would have gotten a four-star review several years ago when the service was great and the food was also great. I never thought I'd go back until today when a long day of shopping for Halloween costumes prompted the 6-yr old to demand some food. If it weren't for that kid, I would have never went back due to some unpleasant experiences at same location on more than one occasion. Kid - "I want Thai food!"Me - "You don't even know what Thai food is...tell me what it is"Kid - "The rolls. The ones with the garlic and butter on them"Me - "That's not Thai food, that's Bravo's Italian garlic rolls"Kid - "I want Thai food!"Me - "Ok" *grumble*A hungry stomach prompted a stop to Thai Kitchen, never mind my trepidation. I guess starvation has a way of making you go to someplace you never wanted to visit again.The Thai iced coffee came out really fast in a tall glass and it was chilled. I had a suspicion that it was straight out of the can with some regular old coffee blended in to make it taste sorta-fresh. Most Thai restaurants have the Ice Coffee freshly dripping out of the French Press, straight to your table, to make you feel less guilty and justify why you spent almost $4.00 for a coffee drink that will keep you up all night. The Tofu Pad Thai was pretty small for $8.50 and it was rather fishy tasting. Good thing we like fishy stuff. The noodles were mushy and overcooked. Good thing we were hungry. No left-overs here as the portion was pretty petite. The sticker on the door on our way proclaimed that "Yelpers Love Us"...it made me feel bad, but only momentarily, as I let the door hit my butt on the way out.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,12/24/2010,165,267,6,8,6>Round Two of Alan Wong's... this time, it was more winnahs! 4.5 stars!Chopped Ahi Sashimi and Avocado Salsa StackStacked on Crispy Won Ton, Spicy Aioli and Wasabi Soy:OH HOLY MAGELLAN! If I could've eaten a platter of just this one dish, I would've been the happiest girl on earth. Super fresh springy ahi in a magnificent sauce sitting on the most delicious avocado concoction, all resting on a bed of crispy won ton strips. HEAVEN! I kid you not. Grilled MahimahiWasabi Sauce, Stir Fried Vegetables:Fish was tender, seasoned well, and the parmesan crusted mashed potatoes it came with were AMAZING! So creamy, flavorful, *SIGH*Sautéed Shrimp and Clams, Linguine PastaChili Garlic Lemongrass Black Bean Sauce:Had a Thai vibe to it, lemongrass flavoring. HUGE shrimp, perfectly cooked, and sweet little clams.New Wave "Banana Split"Mochi Wrapped Banana Ice Cream topped withChocolate-Macadamia Nut Crunch, Kula Strawberry Hibiscus andCoconut House Made Ice Creams:We were confused as to what flavor the "Kula Strawberry Hibiscus" ice cream was, and couldn't put our fingers on it, until we peeked at the menu again. It was light and fragrant. The mochi was soft and chewy, hugging a disc of banana ice cream, which was topped with one of 3 ice cream flavors. SO GOOD.And the green gecko coffee was delish!
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/24/2010,12/23/2010,97,132,4,7,5>I hadn't been by in forever and always wondered how this place faired. Pyramids was among of my first introductions to middle eastern cuisine. So, we stopped in for a quick dinner.Walking into the space, I remembered the belly dancers of yesteryear who would slink by for a table side dance, which made me blush. I was a little relieved that they were not in sight anymore. It was a nice touch, but I always wondered how I should tip them. Waiving dollar bills in a restaurant always seemed a bit gauche to me.The menu and much of the decor and ambiance is mostly the same. Lighting is dim, but tables are neat and Arabic music plays in the background. Servers are dressed in Egyptian outfits and are attentive. This all lends to a pleasant, yet not over the top experience.We started with a small plate of tasty Baba Ganoush and toasted pita. I was not very hungry but managed to polish off the dish.My platter of Shawarma Mix (lamb/beef gyro and chicken) was humungous. I did feel my dish was lacking a flavorful tzatziki sauce. Included were an ample Greek salad and side of hummus. My husband ordered meatballs made with lamb, beef, raisins and pine nuts. It reminded me of a meaty version of falafel. Both entrees came with more pita bread, which is great since I made use of each triangle to pile on the hummus and Baba Ganoush, which were my favorites by far.  Next time I'll focus on the appetizers. I was completely stuffed walking out and happy to note Pyramids still delivers great middle eastern fare.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,12/22/2010,2265,40,30,6,10>Ever had one of those dates where you did some self talk and affirmations telling yourself someday you'll look back on this and laugh... well....So there she goes biting into the first dish and immediately her face contorts into a female version of Godzilla biting Mothra's butt. I graciously sample some myself and find it's texture familiarly appealing while she waits for me to ask. She puts down her fork and I continue eating while she waits for me to ask. She *sigh* deeply while she waits for me to ask. And it's not that we don't notice the "little things" girls, we guys just think maybe if we ignore it enough it will just go away. Then she crosses her arms while I'm eating, so finally I *ahem* bite(pun intended).  Anticipating the problem I go down the list... too spicy, too salty, too oiling, too hard, too soft.... "It's COLD! They forgot to cook it...." She wants it sent back to be cooked, complains to the waitress who glances confusingly at me to confirm if this girl was for real. I merely shrug, a rise and fall of my shoulders that might have been taken for anything else but was of course, exactly what it looked like. "Who knows..." my expression seemed to say and "It's awfully embarrassing being even the slightest bit associated with this". Now I'm not one to take pot shots at a person's Intelligence Quotient, whom I don't really know well.  I save those special bullets for people I love but apparently in her universe Cold Chinese Ginger Chicken is served hot on a sizzling platter...I love this place, been going since I was a little kid with my family and have become quite familiar with the staff over the years.... but I can never seem to order Ginger Chicken again without wrinkling my nose.... They always have awesome specials... but try the Ginger Chicken and think of me... of her... of us.... whatever... and laugh.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,12/21/2010,439,153,14,7,6>If you're Asian, think you're Asian, have a lot of Asian friends, or are into all things Asian, then this is where you should go.  I'm not saying that non-Asians shouldn't go, just that be prepared to be the minority.  I don't stay late enough, but I've noticed there is a huge ratio of men to women.  Apparently, more people fill the place after 1am, so there could be more females then, but I'll never know since I get so tired after midnight.  It's a nice looking place with huge dance area, lounge area, and lots of bar.  It would be hard to wait longer than 5 minutes for a drink at the bar.  Which brings me to the number 30.  That seems to be the magic number here.  $30 cover, minimum $30 for credit card use, and mostly everyone there is under 30 with a good handful in their 30s.  Yup, they must like 30!I really appreciate the door people, they were patient and professional.  I didn't feel intimidated to hand over my id, like I do at some places.  And the bartender went way over what I expected her to do.  She was very patient when I was deciding what to order and knowing I couldn't hold all the shots and beer, she took it to my seats for me.  That's a plus!  My gripes about the place, well the bathroom attendant for one.  I mean seriously, is that really needed?  I can wash my own butt, thank you very much....I mean yeah, they help keep the restroom clean and all, but what are they thinking when they hear someone dropping the kids off or puking?  Or worse yet, what if there's some chick out, didn't tell the bf and then he's there and she's hiding out in the bathroom?  Or even if some girl just broke up with the bf and she sees him there and gets all emotional?  I mean seriously, is the bathroom attendant like "get the hell out of the bathroom so I can keep it clean."  Or are they thinking in some other language that there's only $5 in the tip can.  And the other gripe is the parking.  Yeah, the valet is useful when you can't find street parking, but what happens at the end of the night, do they really just hand over the keys to people who are slightly drunk?  Liability, I'm telling you.  And while the black/dark look of the place has it's appeal, I think it's been done way too many times in Honolulu.  That's the architect in me speaking.  I can understand why it was used, I just wish they did some other accents so it's not just gigantic pieces of darkness everywhere.  But anyways....  Also, I was a bit confused about the sushi bar thing going on.  I didn't see anyone getting food there.  And it was right at the entrance but to the side, so it looked like an after thought.  I felt bad for the sushi guys, just sitting there, waiting.I think there was a good vibe in the place.  Yeah, there were some moments I smelt some illegal substance being smoked, but I guess that's not uncommon.  There are more pluses to go here than to not, so try this place out.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2010,12/20/2010,403,193,4,5,4>The food is excellent here, and the fact you can BYOB makes it a natural place to take that special bottle of wine you've been saving for a special occasion. They're very good about accommodating your reservation if you're got tickets for events at the Blaisdell, but they can get super busy on those nights. If you prefer to have a quieter time and linger, try to plan for a night when there's nothing scheduled across the street. Free parking in their lot when you dine with them is a plus, too!Our favorites are the escargot, marrow bones, veal sweetbreads, and the Chef's steak specials are always delicious! You should definitely save room for dessert, but if you forget and didn't leave room, you can always grab some of the delicious cookies to take for later. Nom Nom!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,12/19/2010,166,538,2,6,5>On a Wednesday night, this is a great place for happy hour.  Garage parking is plentiful @ 6PM for only $5 and within a few strides down a stairwell and around a street corner, you are steps away from this swanky little lounge.  Since it was a weeknight, we were able to sit in one of the 'staged' window-side couches, where we could passively watch pedestrians.  For $3.50, we tried nearly all of the martinis from raspberry to blueberry, lychee to the standard, Cosmo.  This led to a 3 hour dish session about work, life & love, in no particular order.  The playlist--perfect to set the right ambiance--chill.  The drinks--tasty.  If I'm drinkin hards, I usually request top shelf but there was no need w/these.  Yeah.  They were THAT good.The price--great!  There was a menu of drinks to choose from that weren't $3.50 but never more than $8-9, if that.The service--excellent!  Attentive, pleasant, & great attitude.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,12/18/2010,35,142,6,9,7>Sweet mother of God.. This woman might be.. The food is incredible. I wholeheartedly believe it's better to have a tiny menu of food that you make well than some big out of control menu; it's aparent the proprietor agrees. There aren't any take away menus, there aren't any menus except the daily menu on the dry erase board. I had the basil chicken, coconut rice & roti on my first visit and a coworker went back the next day to pick up lunch for us and I had the curry chicken, coconut rice and roti. Yes, it was that good.. and now, a few days later, it's seriously all I can think about. It feels almost like you're a guest in her home when you eat there and the food has that je ne sais quoi of a meal cooked by your mother rather than anyone else.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,12/17/2010,473,75,7,8,4>Went here the other day for lunch and ordered the fried spam musubi and fish tempura!!The fried spam musubi was really good. I don't eat spam though so I actually only tried the fried rice and nori part. but it was nice and crunchy and crisp. I love when the rice is crispy and grilled. Delicious!The fish tempura was also very good. They use mahimahi ! The portions are enormous!! I suggest sharing an entree with a friend because it can easily feed 2 people. The outside was very crispy, light, and fluffy while the mahi on the inside was still soft and moist. Good stuff! It's not the healthiest kind of food but I figure if you workout for 10 hours straight after eating here it should be fine. I hear the dessert is really good here but I was way too full to try. Guess I'll be back sometime to check it out !
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,12/16/2010,57,186,5,6,5>Oh damn!!! That should be the name of this place.  I must have driven by this place a million times and was hesitant of going in the old taco bell location.  The parking lot has always been empty, which is always a good indicator for me to NOT eat there.  Was I ever so wrong!Fresh Catch of the Day is more of a quick take out pupus joint where you order their amazing variety of poke.  You park your car, get in, greeted by an incredibly awesome staff, order, drive off and get your party on!  You can eat in if you like, they have a few tables on the left.As you walk in, you're see the enormous spread of poke available.  I order three items at the end of the day to bring to my wonderful GF parent's house.  Like her, the parents are humble, honest and simply good people.  Focus!!  Oops, sorry, back to the food review.I ordered smoked marlin, spicy ahi and taco poke.  There wasn't much left since they were closing in 5 minutes.  I talked stories with one of the friendly employee and I told him it was my first time there and glad to know there was something in Kaimuki.  As I was paying for my order, many other customer still were coming in and was sad they couldn't bring anything home.  Just as I was leaving the same employee, tap the counter and pointed to four other plastic containers of different poke and said "these are for you, we're sorry we ran out of stuff for your 1st visit."  Wow! When I arrived at my GF parent's house, we opened up the goodies and tried the different varieties of poke.  Boy, oh boy!  They make some great stuff there, I tell ya.  I'm not a smoked food type of person, however they make this smoked tako poke that was just "oh damn!!!"You gotta try this place!
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,12/15/2010,233,120,6,12,11>What happened to bars 1-6?Bar Seven has been around for like, EVER. I remember hearing stories about it back when I was still a sophomore in high school. At that time it was then known as Venus Night Club.The night club, under new (korean) ownership, completely renovated the place with fancy upgrades like flat screens and other equipment. It is a little small, but I really like coming here on Saturday nights.There is a drag show which starts at 12am and goes until 1:30am. The drag show is actually really good, but I wouldn't go to see the whole thing... it gets a little monotonous. After the show ends, the dance floor becomes a CLUSTERFUCK of people which is one of the best aspects about this place: People. Actually. DANCE!!They also have great drink specials... $5 Long Islands, AMFs, $2 Jello Shots. The music is mostly hip-hop, and the crowd is local people, not tourists. Definitely worth checking out if you're looking to have fun and get your groove on!
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,12/13/2010,329,156,5,8,7>Great place to chill with friends, grab some beers and eat great local food.  I've ALWAYS seen this place, but never ever been there.  I've even eaten next door at Hokkaido Ramen...no offense, Hokkaido, but you aight.Yet, another outing for Epicrew, this was a great place for a big group.  The food and drinks are cheap, the food tastes excellent and the service is awesome.  Karen, the owner (I think that's her name if I remember correctly), is very friendly and is usually there to serve you.I tried the kalua pig nachos, deep fried mac and cheese, miso butterfish and pesto steak.  All the dishes are fresh and so delicious.  Being that most of the dishes (like the nachos) take a different twist on typical local food, the flavor combinations are incredible.  To top everything off, the food is cheap!I would definitely recommend Kaimuki Grill, if you've never been here before.  The only downfall is they close the kitchen at 930, but if you are looking for a good 'pregaming' place...i think you've found it.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,12/12/2010,133,111,4,7,5>When they first started construction on this store I was super excited.  There are places to get smoothies/juice around Kahala (Umeke Market, Jamba Juice) but I am not a big Jamba fan and somehow I always get the watered down smoothie special at Umeke.The location, kitty corner to Kahala Mall, is pretty good and they open at 7 am, which I love because I hate trying to find a place open early enough for me to stop in before work.  I understand the parking lot gets pretty crowded in the afternoon/evening time because of neighboring Assagios.I've ordered the green giant (spirulina, pineapple, banana, and coconut milk) and the mango mama mia (mango, orange, banana, yogurt, and honey).  I like that the smoothies are subtly sweetened.  The mango mama mia was like drinking my favorite pirie mango but with the natural sweetness cut with rich yogurt.  I loved it!I kind of wish there were some options to add some leafy greens to your smoothies.  I do it at home but haven't really found a place to buy green smoothies.Another thing they offer here is pick up for Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) boxes.  I really like the concept and want to start ordering produce boxes.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,12/11/2010,334,330,5,7,6>(4 stars for casual family Japanese restaurant category...not in the same category as other fancier sushi/Japanese places)I like this place, but it's not the nicest looking restaurant (it's behind Diner's)and not everything on the menu is good.  It's a family restaurant that won't break the bank.  But, as a whole, it's pretty good unpretentious Japanese fare.It's also open Sunday, so it's a good place to go after church!  Lots of families are in there on Sunday with slippahs and tshirts, so it's a good casual place.The lunch boxes, as everyone else has mentioned, is good.  It's about $10 and comes with tsukemono, a bowl of rice, miso, salad, and a choice of two main dishes.  I like the teri chicken and salmon.  It's pretty basic, but cooked well so my tummy is happy!My son loved the zaru soba and it's $7 for the lunch portion.  It goes up a dollar for dinner.  My boyfriend got the katsudon which was a very generous portion and tasty (I had a couple bites and he had to take it away before I attempeted to eat it all :).  We ordered a spicy ahi roll which was $4.95 (cheap!!) and it wasn't very pleasing to look at (the rice was messy on the outside), but it sure tasted good!  Can't complain if it's $5!  The hamachi was a little bit more, but a generous fresh cut.So...the service is friendly and the food is pretty good and cheap and they open on Sunday!  Take it as you will...
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/11/2010,12/10/2010,145,297,9,8,5>Hi kids. You know how I like telling you stories of how I met your mother? This isn't one of those times.I can't remember who suggested it first. Was it her or me? To be honest I'm not sure but that's the least of my concerns at the moment. Barney voice was ringing in my ears, "Suit up!" Now, I could easily have done so but I wasn't sure if that would have made me overdressed. I opted not too. I show up early; probably too eager. Check in with the hostess and take a seat at the bar. I ordered myself a wine like I've done a dozen times. Perhaps in retrospect I should've got a stronger drink. I look down at my phone to check the time there's a message. She's running late. It's not a worry because it seems like its a busy night and my table hasn't opened up yet. She appears in a beautiful dress. "Shit. I should've suited up." I walk outside to greet her. We do the awkward shuffle-dance, hug, and exchange pleasantries. We take a seat at the bar and continue waiting on our table. I check with the hostess, apologize and we're eventually seated.Cooperatively we order some appetizers: Stage Ahi "Poke" and Stage Sashimi. The previous was a hit, the latter a dud. She spends a moment explaining the difference between a Marcona Almond to me. I'm throughly fascinate by her foodie knowledge. Like I'm not already on tilt. At this point, I'm so off you can call me 7:30.A pallete cleanser comes: yuzu sorbet? Thats, um, interesting. The best I can say is: it did the job.On to the main course. She gets the Grilled Rib Eye Steak. My choice is the "Surf & Turf." I need to stop ordering things that are in quotations because its more like a "Wallow & Turf." That cow needs to get back in the water and bring me a real lobster. Okay? This is not what I was expecting. Piss on me for not reading more thoroughly. Of course, her Rib Eye was awesome or at least that's what she said. Strike two.We both agree the meal was lackluster and to share a dessert: Vietnamese-style Coffee Flan. Its exactly how we thought it would be. Unimpressive. Too much fusion not enough awesomeness!
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,12/9/2010,173,127,5,8,6>I live a few blocks behind Wally Hos and have been meaning to try them out for some time now.2 friends of mine told me its a great place and the food is good.....Umm, its a GARAGE!  A place where you take your car for an oil change and stuff like that.  How can the food possibly be good?WELL,  on the way home today I did a last minute turn into Wallys. (sorry to the cars behind me).From the outside it looks like an ole 1960s fountain complete with Coca Cola signs.  But, to my disappointment.......no ice cream....I was looking forward to a nice banana split with fries and a coke.What I did find was a GREAT food place with an extensive menu that ranges from homemade hamburgers (for hamburger steak), Garlic Chicken, Beef stew, Grilled Salmon plate lunches to Grilled Pastrami, Chicken, Tuna melt, Fried egg, hamburger, Ham and Cheese sandwiches (just to name a few).Salads you ask?  of course they have salads...Chef, Grilled Chicken, Grilled Salmon, Korean Garlic Chicken salads and of course MAC SALAD.  Also, Saimin, French fries, chili cheese fries, spam musubis and more.we sat down with:a mixed plate (any 2 items). Garlic Chicken and Hamburger Steak.andChicken Cutlet.Garlic Chicken was excellent.  Hamburger Steak was perfectly cooked and indeed homemade with great tasting gravy.The Chicken Cutlet had a whole different gravy equally great.Portions are great.  I had no room for ice cream....not that there was any.  I think they should have a fountain with ice cream...ok, im just saying.  back to the task at hand... ANDthey have homemade Banana Bread, carrot cake, lilikoi and lemon bars and Super Fudgey Brownies.All this makes me wanna bring in my car just so I can eat there again.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,12/8/2010,187,273,6,12,8>Did I just find the best Mexican food on Oahu? And is it so close to my house that it could jeopardize any diet plans that I have now and in the future? I think so.I noticed that El Charro opened awhile ago and I honestly didn't pull into the parking lot to take a look, so I thought that dirty lickin' had shut down. Thank goodness that Joann's lounge was the one that shut down.  At least dirty lickin is a kind of decent place to grab a bit to eat, while Joann's was a smelly bar with a mean lady serving you drinks while you wait for your name to be called at the bowling alley. As soon as we walked in we see a lady sitting at a table in the back wrapping tamales. (A good sign, they're actually making it and it wasn't previously frozen or bought) But unfortunately because she just started making them we weren't able to order it. BOO!!! But its okay I ordered the chile relleno with beef and my bf got the chimicanga. I usually make a judgment on Mexican restaurants on their house salsa that is served prior to the meal but this one wasn't too good, yet it didn't taste jarred. I like my salsa spicy. However, the chile relleno was actually pretty damn good. My favorite so far on the island. It didn't have too much batter on it and it was slathered with sauce. To me the sauce was a little over powering, but it was good. Like Esteban says, the rice was "blah" I'm not sure if they just didn't salt enough but the rice was "blah". The portions were decently sized and the price is okay. Overall everything was good and I know that I'll be coming back for more. Oh, and its BYOB.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/24/2010,12/7/2010,124,55,7,5,4>You know that feeling that you're just getting in the way? I just got that... here... sitting at the counter, the seats closest to the back of the restaurant. No little window to pass food from the kitchen, but no matter, they just pass it over the counter. I enjoy sitting here, where I can watch the Shaolin Kung Fu cooks (so wrong - I know) "wok" their magic on ramen & fried rice. I don't mind that they pass food near me, next to me or around me, but it does get a little annoying after a few rounds of tempting gyoza go "wok"ing past you.I ordered the Combo-A (Mini Shoyu Ramen, Mini Fried Rice and 4 pcs. of Gyoza), a good deal for under $8, my wife got the Mini Chicken Katsu Curry under $5 and my son got this too (hold the curry).Chicken Katsu Curry - Katsu was nicely breaded and deep fried to a crisp, very tasty, but the cutlets were slightly on the thin side. The curry was good , but just okay, not as rich or flavorful as other places.Mini Shoyu Ramen - The broth was full of flavor, but a bit salty. It comes garnished with a large slice of pork.Mini Fried Rice - Always good here. Not greasy or overcooked, the rice is nice and firm with that great smoky seasoned wok flavor.Gyoza - My favorite. These tasty little bottom-seared Gyoza packets, combined with the tangy soy dipping sauce, are the first and last thing I eat from this meal.The service here is decent, but could use a little "wok." After being seated and ordering our food, we didn't receive any of our waters until after the first dishes were served. Yeah I know, it takes a while to make.... water! The Gyoza was the last thing that was brought to our table. Big problem! That's the first thing I eat, so I sat there... watching Shaolin Monk Kung Fu Theatre. Seems they cook them in batches, not as they are ordered. Big problem! All that aside, the prices are good (our bill was less than $20), the Gyoza is well worth it and I'd still "wok" back here for more Kung Fu Theatre. Haya! Wooo!
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,12/6/2010,304,94,3,6,4>This place has been on my list of places to try since the September Yelpy Izakaya email, so I decided to check this place out since it was my birthday this week, an who doesn't deserve a great meal to celebrate right?This place is amazing: small cozy very traditional, the staff is really friendly and attentive!  From the outside it doesnt look like much, but the inside of the restaurant is a reflection of their food: simple, straight-forward, clean, but excellent!  They let their ingredients speak for their quality and freshness, w/o over seasoning.  Portion sizes may seem small to some, but its quality not quantity right?Their menu is pretty extensive so I deferred to my fellow yelpers and picked the dishes they loved so much:Grilled Scallops w/ butter sauce: love how perfectly these scallops were cooked and the fact they werent smothered in butterSushi- had the tako and uni- very fresh high quality, simple and so tastyChicken Karaage- wow great seasoning and texture one of the best dishes I had!Kobocha Tempura- what can I say, they fry like they mean it.  Light crisp texture that wasnt oily, I think this may be some of the best tempura Ive ever had!Bacon Wrapped Enoki- not exactly what I was expecting when I ordered this (was hoping the bacon to be crunchy for that texture profile) and the bacon flavor kinda overpowered the subtle enoki but a tasty and well presented dish regardlessAki No No i'll be back to definitely try more of that menu!
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,12/5/2010,34,79,6,8,5>After going to Hawaii Kai Dog Park my dog was covered in slobber... Being the lazy mommy I am, I decided to call around to see if he could get groomed. Fur Love was the only place that would take him that same day. I called at 11 whining that if they couldn't take him I'd have to wash him on my own... =( After a second he agreed to take my doggie in at 1:30. He said the process usually takes two hours but because they are squeezing him in it might be 2.5 hours. Ok, no prob. You can have him longer if you want... he's naughty!!! Haha... Once I got there I explained how I wanted him cut. Communicating was a little difficult, but they understood what I wanted. I went home and they called two hours later, saying he was ready. When I picked him up he was a new little boy! So fresh and so clean!!! I also loved that they didn't cage him. He was smiling and walking around their (gated off) grooming area. When we first dropped him off he was scared and shaking, and when we got him he was completely comfortable and 100% happy. In the past I've taken him to groomers that have caged him and he would latch onto me when I picked him up... Not the case here. So pleased!!! Sheryl M., I think I saw your two babies when I dropped off my little guy! So cute!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,12/4/2010,328,504,3,4,3>First, some wise words of advice:  Make sure to come hungry and with your appetite!  Ok then, on to the review:I came here for the dinner buffet to celebrate a friend's birthday.  The reservation was at 6pm, and we were promptly seated when we checked in. There were 11 total in our party.  I should mention that we did come on a weekday and it wasn't very crowded, unlike the weekend where one must exercise patience in the very crowded buffet lines.I decided to pace myself and not fill up my first plate too much so I would have room to try most of everything they had.  I made that mistake the last time I was here for dinner and I barely had enough room for dessert.  The sushi section is neat and well organized with name placards describing each type of sushi, a separate plate to set the serving tongs on, and a generous supply for chopsticks and shoyu dishes.  My favorites included the california roll, spicy tuna, and shrimp tempura rolls.  There's also wasabi and ginger at this station as well.  At the next station I piled on the poke and some salad.  I was actually impressed they had a nice variety of dressings available for the salad.  That was round 1.For round 2, I decided to try some of the hot dishes and vegetables they had.  I had a cup of corn chowder, sweet and sour spare ribs, butterfish, kalbi, and kimchee.  I think I must have enjoyed the corn chowder and spare ribs very much because I went back for seconds for both!  I also tried the shrimp tempura as well, which was not bad.  I opted not to try the crab legs on this visit since the last time I made a big mess, and I just really, really didn't want to deal with the clean up on this visit.Sadly, there was no round 3, not even for dessert, since one of our friends had brought a birthday cake for the birthday girl. SERVICE:  I would say not bad, it was pretty decent.  The servers collected our used plates and utensils and refilled our waters in a timely manner.  Well, the fact that the restaurant was only half full probably contributed to their almost lightning speed.  The one disappointing aspect of the evening was that one person in our party  didn't receive the beer that she ordered. The waitress came back to check if she wanted a second beer, and we told her that the FIRST beer wasn't even delivered.  She made some excuse about how she thought someone else was going to bring it over to the table.  Uh-huh sure.  She was apologetic, but it was just really disappointing for the fact that they weren't that busy The dinner buffet is priced at a whopping $32.95 per person (adults).If you're never eaten here before, my recommendation would be to try the lunch buffet since I think they basically have the same things sans the crab legs and the cook to order steak (which I didn't have room for).  But if you've got the $33 to spare for dinner, by all means, go eat and be content.Bottom line:  Pricey but filling!
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,12/3/2010,257,112,8,13,9>GOOD AS IT GETS: It's true! The menu at Cafe Panini does not disappoint one bit. My friends and coworkers have been telling me for years that I need to try this place, even when my office used to be located right next door. PASS: I passed it over because it looked like the coffee/pastry cart at Straub Hospital. Seriously, if I hadn't been so adamant back then...I would have fonder memories of my late twenties...which would have included daily lunches of CP's homemade soups and heavenly sammies. Back then, my coworkers would come back to their desks with these perfect looking sammies and slurping on hot soup would declare it was soooo good. And my stubborn self would just think "what do they know...". PRESENT: Well, after reading all the great reviews and photos on Yelp, I got off my high-horse and paid a visit to CP a couple weeks ago. PERFECTION: I have no clue how they get so much flavor into their soup. I've tried two so far; Chicken Hominy with kafir lime and Chicken Pistachio....OMG...too good for words. The large soup also comes with a fat slice of french bread and butter. Even the butter pat is yummy and doesn't have that refrigerator taste...ick. The sandwiches are almost too perfect to eat. I've also tried the Turkey Pesto panini, as well as the ham sammy (on wheat). I normally do not like too many veggies in mine because they tend to slide around all over the place...but what makes the sammies at CP so great is that every component is constructed in equal portions. I swear, the slices of tomato are almost exactly the same thickness as the deli meat...looking at everyone's photos on Yelp, they do the same with the avocado and cucumbers as well. This makes for perfect bites everytime. Why can't all deli places do this????? [soup: media3.px.yelpcdn.com/ph…PARKING: In case you have no clue where it might be located (Airport Industrial Park building) I'd suggest parking on the side of the lot where Big Kahuna is located at the airport Business Center building right off of Nimitz. Take a walk behind Big Kahuna and keep walking until you see a bunch of ambulances parked out side the building. Cafe Panini is located behind the double doors of the building, in the lobby, just beyond the ambulances. There's hardly a seating area, but I managed to share a table outside with two folks who work in the area.View from Cafe Paniniyelp.com/biz_photos/HVc9…
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,12/2/2010,605,309,3,8,8>I have dined here twice with my co-workers/bosses as it was (both times) a company dinner. Our party was about 20 or 30 people total.SERVICE - 5 STARSFrom the moment we walked into the restaurant, we were greeted immediately by the host/hostess with sincere and friendly smiles. It bothers me when you walk into a fine-dining restaurant and feel ignored. This was definitely not the case here.Our group was about 20-30 people, which is a super large group. The staff here was able to bring out all of our food (we had 3 courses: appetizers, main dish and desserts) at around the same time to our tables. Our group was seriously served by 7 or 8 men that all at once that would come out of the kitchen carrying out our food plates to each of us.With each of us ordering a different type of steak: fillet mignon, rib-eye, prime rib, etc. and different sides of starch: rice, baked potato, etc., the staff was very efficient in walking around the table offering bacon and onions to the appropriate person's baked potatoes.FOOD - 4 1/2 STARSOn my first dining experience here, I had ordered the Fillet Mignon and it was fantastic! On my second dining experience here, I had ordered the rib-eye and absolutely loved it. Both times, I ordered my steak medium rare. And both times, my steaks were cooked perfectly! My major turn off is when the restaurant does not cook your steak correctly and you have to request for them to bring it back to the kitchen... Not a situation you want to be in, especially at a fine-dining restaurant.The only thing that lost a 1/2 star with food for me was the rib-eye that I had ordered my second time here. The steak had tons of fat and a good portion of it was inedible (due to the fats).However, our appetizers and desserts were fantastic. Salads are prepared by the table side, offering a little entertainment for guests. Again, the staff of 7 or 8 men came out all at once and bought our dessert dishes almost simultaneously to each person at our table. The side breads offered here are also superrrrrrrrr awesome! AMBIANCE/DECOR - 5 STARSI absolutely LOVE the decor of Hy's. From the minute you walk in, there is a sense of an "English Mansion"... after you pass the front receptionist area, you walk through a room with HUGE old-fashion, old-english bookcases! WOW, WOW, WOW!!! I am a huge fan of British architecture and this was such a treat for me to see these huge bookcases located on several walls at Hy's main dinning room.As our group was extremely large, we were seat in Hy's "green room", a few steps up from their main "bookcases" room. Nothing very outstanding about this room. During our dinner, there was a live band playing in the main room. Definitely cool!PARKING - 3 STARSThe only parking option available at Hy's is Valet service. Other then this, you have to park on the street (metered) or somewhere else.  The valet service isn't the best, it's "there" and this is why parking loses 2 star for me. I expect top notch valet service from such a fine-dining restaurant. Hy's is definitely known for their steaks, after-all it's in their name, and I believe they do live up to it -- as an amazing fine-dining restaurant. Overall, I look forward to my company's next dinner outing here! Hopefully, it will be soon!
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,12/1/2010,233,132,4,9,6>So I've had this place bookmarked to try for awhile and some of my friends asked me if I wanted to go the other night.  4 and a half star average can't go wrong right?  Yup, this place lived up to the expectations.  This is a 4.5 star place and I was gonna to lead towards 4 stars since i rarely give 5 but I was just amazed with how clean and decorated the bathroom was... you'll have to go and see for yourself, I should have took pictures!Parking is a dollar if you park in the Bank of Hawaii lot next door.  When you're going down beach walk it's the lot on the left right before the restaurant.    Service was great there were only a few other people when we went and the waitress was very helpful with explaining what the specials were and even brought us a sample platter of what everything looks like before it's fried.Now I'm not a tonkatsu fanatic or anything but this is definitely the best tonkatsu I've eaten.  We went after 9pm on a friday so they has their little bite size specials available.  1 piece for $1.25, it was a great way to sample a bunch of different stuff.  They give you a ponzu sauce, miso sauce, tonkatsu sauce, and some type of curryish salt to dip with.  Some of the bite sized pieces i tried:Kurobota -This one was my favorite and I ended up ordering a couple more, very soft meat that just melts in your mouth!Pork Tendorloin - Nice and fatty piece, it was pretty goodEnoki Mushroom  - Pretty basic, tasted just like it soundedButter Potato - A little on the plain side, potatoes might not have been meant for this...I also had the Tonkatsu Sandwich...what a WINNER!  $10 sounds like a lot and you might be disappointed when you first see it.  It looks so simple but it's so delicious!  I'm definitely getting this the next time I come back.  The manager also mentioned all you can eat katsu curry on certain days...might have to check that out too!
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2010,11/30/2010,149,398,3,12,5>I really want to give this place four stars, but there just seems something lacking here!First off, to get into the club you have to email the hotel to get on the guest list.  Not sure if you just show up and stand in line will work?  To be on the safe side, just email to the following:wecrazyboxreservations@e…I made a reservation for a group of friends and received a response within 15 minutes.  So far so good.We all showed up at around 1130pm.  There was no line and once we got into the club, it was not very crowded.  It was a Thursday night and it appeared people were enjoying themselves.  The first thing I noticed was the club was plain.  Lot's of concrete and no real design!  I mean, I have been to other clubs that had the same idea, like the W Hotel Clubs in NYC, LA, New Orleans and San Francisco, they all had some kind of design to their hip club.  This one was just plain.  Like they forgot to complete it before it opened.As for the bar area, it is nice.  Once you turn around from the bar and look at the other wall with its steps that I guess is meant for sitting and the set-up of bottle service with candles, it just lacked a lot.  Something so simple as backlighting or even a light design would have enhanced the area.  Oh, and through in some pillows or something!There is a sitting area on the far end of the club but I am sure that is just for VIP or table service.  It looked nice, but silver couches in a plain concrete building was generic.The bartenders were all attentive and made good drinks.  No complaints there.Crazy Box has one of the best sound systems I have not heard in a long time.  The DJ was spinning some good tunes and made for a festive atmosphere.We left the club around 130am and it was much more crowded and there was people actually waiting to get inside.  Overall, I like the place but the design needs work
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,11/29/2010,359,178,4,7,6>I love Yakiniku!  I like cooking my own food sometimes, because I know how I like it.  Also you can chat and cook at your own pace to have your food always hot and fresh.I've heard of this place, but haven't been.  It's just inconvenient to go to places in Waikiki sometimes.  Parking is at the Waikiki Trade Center and they Validate. :DMy favorite items had to be the shabu beef with the green onions and fried garlic.  So you just sear the shabu shabu beef and put the green onions/garlic on the meat and wrap it up.  SOOO good!  It's not going to fill you put, but the taste is awesome!  They have really good beef tongue here too!  BUT OMG the wagyu beef is SOOOO GOOD!  I really didn't know beef could taste this good.  The meat looks pink because the fat is spread out through the meat.  IT seriously MELTS in your mouth...like buddah (butter)!  It is the best beef I've had in my LIFE.  I didn't care who was around, I had to go MMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!  I've ate at Ruth's Steakhouse, and all those other places.  Eating here was like an out of body experiece good!  Oh and the seasoned raw beef with the egg yolk was awesome too!  You eat it raw, but it's so soft and tender, and well seasoned.  With hot rice it's a WINNER!The salad was nice and light.  It's a good contrast to have with the rich beef items.  Also the bimbimbap is okay.   The yukejang is good too.  Service is great!All in all, it was ALL about the beef though!  This place is a MUST!  It's pricey, but it's a place that you have to go, to check of your life's bucket list!
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,11/28/2010,3140,188,7,20,14>Ok Yelpies, if you are looking for the BEST Japanese Restaurant in Hawaii, i will say it right here, Imana's Tei is the BEST Japanese Restaurant on the island of Oahu. Some may beg to differ but if you have gone to a place over 30 times and the food is always consistently good, Imana's is just out of this world. I would give Izakaya Gaku a very close second, but where do you think the owner of Izakaya Gaku came from?? You got it, he was the Sushi Chef at Imana's a while back...ATMOSPHERE: This place is what you expect in a Japanese Restaurant, Sushi Bar to the left and the Restaurant itself has a private Tatami room in the back of the restaurant which i think can fit about 10 people comfortably. I just love the design of the restaurant because it's not very big. The place is always PACKED. The place can get a little noisy at times but who really cares. I love the electricity this place brings!!!!FOOD: This is the reason i come here all the time, CONSISTENCY. This place has never ever done me wrong. The food here is spectacular and not that expensive. The flavors here are so subtle and exquisite that i just dream of this place time and time again and i could eat this food everyday till i die.....The Garlic Butter Clams: This dish right here has the sweetness of the Manila Clams just soaking in the light Garlic Broth and it's just so light and refreshing. I always sip the broth from the bowl. I don't care if anyones looking.The Grilled Beef Tongue: Thinly Sliced Beef Tongue cooked just right with a squeeze of lemon. YUMThe Sushi: Just about any Sushi you eat here will simply amaze you: The Uni or Sea Urchin is so fresh and the Mirugai has that crunchy texture that i just love. And the O-Toro and Chu-Toro is just...WOW!!Seafood Dynamite: This my fellow foodies, is a must order here. This is a mixture of seafood in a creamy sauce which is served HOT in a casserole dish. This dish right here makes Imana's Tei right here. This is where i fell in love with this place literally. THE BEST EVER!!!Vinaigraitte Oysters: A half a dozen Oysters served chilled with a little Ponzu over it make it a perfect combination with a nice cup of Sake..Crabmeat Soup: After eating all of this food, you have to eat the Crabmet Soup. This is very much like Ochazuke but with the sweetness of the crab and the light soup will make everything go down smoothly...SERVICE: The service here is what you expect here in a Japanese Restaurant. For a place that gets very hectic at times, the waitstaff keeps it's composure and will heed to your every need. Just ask anyone there for anything if you want and you will get it. The owner Kei-san is always right by the register and will jump on the Sushi line if needed. Never had a badtime here in the 30 plus times i have been here.OVERALL:  Imana's Tei will always be my go to place for great Japanese food. It's funny how me and my Mi-chan bring guests from Japan here and when they come to visit Hawaii the next time they come, this is one of the places they want to come back to. I truly enjoy good food and Imana's Tei has never, ever let me down. I will be very,very sad if this place ever shuts down, but i just dont see this powerhouse of a Restaurant ever doing so. Imana's Tei, you are the BEST Japanese Restaurant in my eyes.......
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,11/27/2010,40,176,3,8,5>It's the fast and the furious, kiddie style.  The ABCRI Box Car Track in Kunia offers kids (that includes the one residing within adults) the chance to indulge their competitiveness and need for speed... through box cars and RC's.  The track is a very fun way to start raising your type A drivers.  Though there is a mandatory safety orientation in the beginning, most everyone is licking their chops to get into one of those box cars.  What's a box car?  They are fun wooden vehicles slapped with logos like your F1 racers or made to look like the Bullit Bill from Super Mario.  Once you step inside one, young or old, you will want to fly in them.  I went with my little bro and we had a blast, staying at the open track until we were physically exhausted.  Think as an adult you won't enjoy it? There were a gaggle of adults making small competitions, leaning into their turns, ducking to reduce drag, enthusiastically cheering all racers on.  It was a racing party!  So if you're looking to spend some quality time with the family or friends, this is definitely a great fun way to pass your afternoon.P.S. There's plenty of parking.  They have tables for families to leave food and drink.  You ca host parties there as well.  If you have helmets, bring as well (they rent for $2 a piece).
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,11/26/2010,156,136,,6,6>I am not a vegetarian/vegan.  I love meat and will eat greasy fried goodness on occasion!   but....My co-worker took me here for dinner after a quick workout at the the gym.  She's been here a number of times and have tried most of their dishes and loves most of it.  We weren't really prepared to have dinner at Hale but they welcomed us into the barely empty restaurant in our workout attire.  We sat in the back where we had a clear view of the cooks/chefs preparing our food.  I ordered the iced mint tea $3.50 and Island Fish Burger with veggie mayo and basil sauce $15.45.  It came with a side of sweet potato chips and pickles.  It was tasty but the bread started falling apart after my first bite. My friend ordered the grilled island fish with veggie mayo and basil sauce dinner plate $22.45 and green tea $3.  All entree plates comes with grilled veggies, green beans, seaweed, brown rice (ask to have sesame seed  sprinkled on it, yum!) and miso soup.  We ordered their dessert special of the day $5.50. i forgot what it was but its not worth remembering because it was dry and flavor-less. It came with a chocolate mousse but that didn't help.I would come back for lunch and try their other dishes.For those who don't know: Macrobiotic Cuisine is a low-fat, high fiber diet that is a predominantly vegetarian diet, emphasizing whole grains and vegetable.  Macrobiotic is not part of the "Raw Food" Movement. Macrobiotic dietary principles is eating balanced food that are more local and in season therefore maintaining good physical and spiritual health and line in harmony with nature.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,11/25/2010,37,30,6,12,10>If you're looking for a place to impress your significant other or fine dine your family buffet-style, take Orchid's into consideration for their admired Sunday brunch buffet! I am so blown away at how wonderful and consistent their service is and their food certainly doesn't fall short, either.There is sooo much to choose from here. It's a little overwhelming at first because you want to try everything but you know that your belly won't be able to devour it all. *tear*.  But whatever you choose, you will love! There is something for everyone:1. Sushi Bar - fresh sashimi, sushi, soba noodles, ahi poke, tako poke, kim chee, mussels, and shrimp cocktail2. Crackers and Bread with a plethora of cheeses, smoked salmon, mozzarella & tomato, pearl onions, capers, etc.3. Salad Bar - pasta, potato, macaroni, greek, tossed greens, etc.4. Dessert - OK, now we're talkin'! I've never seen so much dessert available at a buffet, EVER! Not only is there a section serving homemade ice cream (chocolate, vanilla, kona coffee, sorbet) plus toppings, there are well over a dozen mini desserts such as eclairs, panna cotta, cream puffs, lemon meringue, their famous haupia cake, and fresh fruit. The panna cotta has to be my absolute favorite.....vanilla bean cream with lilikoi glaze (I think) and a tiny slice of pineapple served in a little shot glass. Ooh soooo good...There were also crab cake benedicts, prime rib, fish, waffles, popovers and croissants, succulent roasted red potatoes with sauteed onions (another one of my favorites), bacon, sausage, mini muffins, and an omelette station. Am I missing anything? I know I am.....but you get the picture. $60 a person but worth the experience; gratuity is also included for parties of 5 or more. My family of 6 came this past Sunday and had fabulous table service. We had two waiters helping us and making sure we were doing fine. Our freshly squeezed orange juice, guava juice, coffee, and water were never empty, and our mopped dishes didn't sit idle on the table for more than 5 minutes. The harpist and flutist playing music while you dine adds a special touch as well. Gosh, I can't wait to go back again... 5 stars for Orchids' Sunday buffet. My family had an incredible time.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,11/24/2010,139,50,5,7,5>sweet tea vodkas? THEY HAS IT! and they make the best "tea bag" shots.. so we tea bagged all nite long and i loved it! what more can be said about JJ Dolan's? seriously classy bar with bag hooks, great pizza (go halvsies margherita/spinach garlic), and great service. they don't really have a happy hour, but it's worth it to kick back in such a fine establishment.usually go here with a group of friends. bartenders are very accomodating, nice, cool, all of it. ambiance is great. great place to catch the game or just hang out after work. definitely one of my "go-to" bars.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,11/23/2010,843,141,7,12,8>Hands down one of my favorite places to eat with a group of friends.  I have come to this location numerous times for birthday celebrations and get together dinners.  Awesome service and wonderful eating/cooking experience.  If you are not one to enjoy cooking your own food, then please save yourself the effort, money, and heartache.  You're better off going to a restaurant where you are served cooked meals, rather than a unique experience of yakiniku.  That said, I LOVE GYU!  And you should love it too :DGyu basics:-HAPPY HOUR...  EVERYDAY from 11:30am-6pm; 9:30pm-closing.  What can I say?  This alone = LOVE.  Actually, they have changed this up over time.  They used to offer just ONE special per specific day of the week.  Nowdays, they caught onto what they were doing at the mainland locations by offering discounts on the best seller items on the menu everyday!  Yessss!  Poke, Bistro Harami, Filet mignon, NY steak, shrimp, kalbi, edamame, and more... And drinks, too such as sake, Kirin beer, and certain mixed drinks.  Sooooo awesome.  =Great drink selection, especially their Asian alcohol choices.  Umeshu (plum wine), shochu (vodka), chuhai (shochu fruity mixed drinks), and of course Sake and Japanese beers.  -The dishes (brace yourself, this is gonna be lengthy since I've tried almost everything over the years).   For dishes served in foil, the server will instruct you on approximate cooking time, allowing you control over the finished product.  Everything else is pretty simple, just throw it on the grill!-Spicy tuna avacado salad:  The dressing complements this salad really well.  Just the right amount of cucumber, tomato, and raw tuna (sashimi).  -Tofu chigae:  Kind of surprising to find a Korean dish in a Japanese restaurant, but it works!  Spicy and hot, this is a great appetizer.  It actually fills me up because of the kim chee and tofu combination, but there's ALWAYS room for the remainder yakiniku meal to follow.-FILET MIGNON:  I never imagined having steak with ponzu prior to having this at Gyu.  It goes amazingly well together!  -Bistro harami (w/ MISO marmalade is my fave):  My all time favorite!  The meat is tender and juicy, and the flavor is to die for.-Gyutan: Basically cow tongue.  Don't get grossed out!  This is chewy but flavorful.  Make sure to squirt some of the lemon and dip this in one of the sauces.  Mmmm.  (Negi Gyutan is almost the same thing, but with onions for added flavor).-Shrimp: Very fresh!    -Miso butterfish:  ALWAYS good & mouthgasmic... Just make sure not to overcook it!  -Scallop:  watch carefully to make sure you cook it JUST right :)-ANYTHING chicken:  Be extra careful when cooking chicken yakiniku style, cook thoroughly.-Bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms:  OMG AHHHH!  Pairing enoki (really really good mushrooms) with BACON just makes for a deadly combo.-Cheesy brocolli:  Really good, but again be sure to not overcook.  -Mushroom medley/any vegetable dishes:  Complements the meat dishes quite well.  The sauces:There are 3 types, so just throw them in your special sauce dish and enjoy.  I like the ponzu sauce best.  Really fun desserts -S'mores! -Doriyaki ice cream: grill the pancake and make a cute twist on an ice cream sandwich.-Yaki-mochi ice cream (same concept, but with mochi instead)-Their ice cream flavors are super good (green tea & azuki are my faves!)For LUNCH, they have a few notable specials.-ALL YOU CAN EAT LUNCH starting from $24.95.-To-go bento boxes starting at around $7 (at this location only)-If you have a party of 10-12, I suggest making a reservation and getting the sectioned off area close to the back.  It's secluded and the setup is close enough for everyone to mingle.-The servers and workers are all very dynamic and interesting individuals who are super fun and will make sure you have a great experience.-This restaurant gets BUSY so try to be ready to order everything in the beginning just in case it gets hectic and your waiter doesn't come back as quickly as your hunger desires.  Service is really quick, and even though I've never really experienced long waits, a hungry tummy takes no prisoners.  When ordering later in the meal, order in bulk so you can get everything coming to the table as they are prepared.  -PARKING.  This may be a problem for those who are driving in Waikiki.  I suggest the lot right off of Kuhio (near 2145 Kuhio Ave).  It's metered stalls (about a quarter per 15 minutes), but is significantly cheaper than the paid lots that can charge up to $10 flat rate.  Also, there is a walkway that connects to the street that Gyukaku is on, so it's merely a 5 minute walk.  Perhaps even try parking at DFS parking structure.  Overall, Gyu is one of my all time classic faves & will continue to be.  They have been consistent in their service and quality over the years, and I look forward to the new items that they periodically add to the menu.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,11/22/2010,237,127,3,6,5>Hakkei is one of those places that you want to just keep to yourself since the food is so good.  Plus they only have about 5-6 tables, so not very many people need to show up before the place gets packed.  Ever since they opened up shop, I have been a fan.  If any of you have never been to Japan and want to know what authentic Japanese food really tastes like, then you must have a meal at Hakkei.  Perhaps the best time to visit is for the daily lunch special which changes constantly.  Priced at $11.50, the lunch set also happens to be a pretty good deal.  For lunch today, they were serving beef & tofu sukiyaki with shiso flavored takuan, kabocha, nasubi, tamago yaki, and miso soup.  As usual, everything was just delicious.For anyone who does not have the time to dine in, Hakkei also offers what they call a Chef's Capricious Bento which includes 9 Okazu items and rice for only $7.80.  Apparently, they only offer 15 of these a day so calling ahead would be your best bet if you decide to do take out.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,11/21/2010,347,265,6,8,5>I love love love LOVE this place! I haven't been here for a while and oh boy did I regret all those abandon years! The place is attached to Aiea Bowl but has a door of their own as well. It's a very cozy ohana family where you have your youngies and oldies working together... When we got there it was really busy, luckily we were taken care of by the wonderful staff :) We heard the mixed plate was the best thing on the menu from the chef himself so we ordered the mix plate, I ordered the tasty chicken and boneless kalbi with mac salad and a scoop of brown and white rice just to even the fields out. The chicken was to die for, it was so juicy and crunchy at the same time and I like how the kalbi was boneless because I didn't have to work for it. I highly recommend the mix plate as we were giving our tummies a little break our neighbor started making a friendly conversation and he said that he only gets the oxtail soup because he loves it so much. I really enjoyed how it feels like we are all eating our meal and sharing conversations. You think that would already deserve 5 stars and you're correct on that one! If there were more stars I would give it all because the desserts are just so delightful! We were already stuffed from the food but already discussed we were gonna share a dessert but usually sharing would is caring but not at the alley! You need to get your own dessert and then share it! We couldn't decide which to get the lemon crunch or the pumpkin crunch, so we got both! And thank heavens! I usually don't like pumpkin pie but that pumpkin crunch is amazing!! It makes me want to take back all the bad things I said about pumpkins... and that fresh light whip cream is so fluffy and completes it! And the lemon crunch oh yeeeahhh.. the cake is just right and not dry and the perfect amount of lemon! I think I wrote just about enough for you to get your behinds there and try them out or at least make you try it again for those who didn't have the same 5 star as I did.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2010,11/20/2010,213,426,7,8,6>Oh thank you Just Tacos for....well, existing.  I've learned to cook as a result of me not liking the food options in Kapolei with 2 exceptions.  Now, whoo hoo I have a 3rd choice for date night!  Whoo hoo!!!After an ever-so-long drive to the Westside after a long week of work, I was in need of good food and a cocktail.  Our waitress was friendly, we were seated quickly, and then it was time to peruse the novel of a drink menu.  I didn't even know there was so much tequila made in the world.  The hubby got the Cadillac Margarita, blended, and I got a glass of Chardonnay.  (You won't see wine anywhere on the menu, but just ask.)  One sip of his though, and I wanted to snag it!  I'm not usually one for margaritas but this was not your typical out-of-a spinning machine kind of drink.  It was gigantic and very classy looking, with a smooth taste. OK!  Weekend has officially started!  Yum.BTW Just Taco's?  They lie.  They have wayyy more than tacos.  We ordered the Molcajete to share as well as a monster basket of chips and salsa while we waited.  It was literally like a whole bag of chips.  They also have an amazing tableside guacamole for $5.  Not chunky which was kind of different, and we don't know why it's called tableside but it tasted good. The Molcajete a hot rock bowl thing with steak, chicken, shrimp, cheese, and all kinds of delicious, sinful, fattening goopy goodness that you wrap up in tortillas.  29096427051734183 calories later we were happily stuffed and had a little snack to bring home for the dog.  We will definitely be back for more Molcajete and margaritas!
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,11/19/2010,676,463,7,18,7>On my way back to town from the airport, I decided to check out Inferno's.  I had to circle the block twice for a parking spot to open up.  It was a 30 minute wait but it was g with me.  Lucky I got there somewhat early because about five people after me had to wait 40+ minutes!  I waited and waited and waited.  I FINALLY got my spinach and mushroom pizza and decided to go to my mom's restaurant to have a sat to eat my pizza.  Soooo many obstructions happened before I was able to eat!  Slow ass cars on the road, waiting for a construction truck to back into a parking lot, making a wrong turn, AND my mom made me work for a few minutes once I got in because she was busy!  UGH!!!  Once I took a bite, I was in heaven.  The flavors were amazing.  The crust was very dry at the edges so I didn't eat that.  I have to agree, Inferno's has the best tasting pizza on the island!  Amazing deal.  Believe the hype.Side bar:One REALLY big pet peeve of mines is cleanliness.  I noticed the employees handle money, cut tomatoes, AND cut pizza all without washing their hands in between.  I searched around the tent and van to see if they have anything that dispensed water but there was nothing.  I usually pretend not to see an employee handle money and touch food if it's only the first time but I witnessed it twice.  Kinda gross.UPDATE:  They do have a sink under where the guy makes the pizzas :)
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,11/18/2010,186,203,6,8,5>The Contemporary Museum is hidden in Makiki Heights, amongst some of the most beautiful homes on the island.  It is a very unexpected gem in the middle of a prestigious residential neighborhood. It is a very small, yet well done museum.  The grounds are peaceful and calming, the gallery always interesting, and the cafe is a MUST try in and of itself.  There are very few places that are both kid friendly AND "adult" friendly too (meaning that mom and dad enjoy the ambiance just as much or more than the child) but this is one place that I like to bring my 2 year old daughter, mostly because MOMMY loves it here.  The gardens and outdoor space with lots of shade and tons of places to explore, plus the sophistication of The Contemporary Museum make this one of my top mommy-daughter activities to do during the week.  It is also a favorite date spot with just the hubby and I, and a favorite girlfriend spot eating in the Cafe.  As you can see, there is something for everyone at TCM.The Cafe has a nice selection of "simple" foods, but make no mistake that they are done in a fashion far from ordinary.  Salads, sandwiches and wraps, are most of the menu, but with flavors like Morrocan Chicken with sun-dried tomato pesto, candied walnuts, tomatoes, cucumber sauce, raisins, tossed greens and lime cumin dressing they are not your everyday wrap.   They also make a good tuna sandwich, with hard boiled eggs and pesto.  Salads, sandwiches and wraps cost around $10. The desserts are also sinfully good!  Love the gateau - a flourless chocolate cake layered with chocolate mouse and whipped cream.  It's served near frozen so it kind of tastes like an upscale ice cream cake! Mmmmm.  Gelato also comes with a good sized "pazel" cookie.  Everything is fresh and delicious!  For $30 total you can also choose to order their "picnic" lunch for 2, which comes beautifully packaged in a pretty basket, with lauhala mats, and can take it to enjoy anywhere on the grounds of the Museum's gardens.  It includes (for each person) any choice of salad or sandwich, a drink and a dessert bar. Guys, if you really want to impress a girl, this is a GREAT date idea! I'm surprised that many locals have never been.  It's definitely a must.  For only $8 you MUST go AT LEAST once.  And if you don't want to pay the $8 to peruse around the museum and the gardens, then just go to the cafe, and you don't have to pay an $8 admission fee, but get a wonderful lunch and a "sneak peek" at the grounds (can't see the exhibits though).  You can even check their website for occasional free admission days.  See, now you have NO excuses not to visit!  Now GO!
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,11/17/2010,161,142,11,13,8>Pure Joy is ABSOLUTELY heavenly...bliss, bliss, bliss!!Joy's facials are AMAZING. I always end up falling asleep and end up waking myself up with a loud snore...it's snoringly delicious! I find it so hard to relax with my busy schedule, even when trying to get a good night's rest. Too many things on my mind. "Me" time happens when I go to get a facial at Pure Joy. I've been to a million and one different places for facials...you MUST visit Joy or any one of her aestheticians. It's THAT GOOD! Facials are about 90 minutes and what seems to be a 20 or so step process. Your face glows radiantly when you're done....magical! I've always wanted to try a massage and was finally able to get a 1-1/2 hour massage from Maria last week. It was faaantastic! Again, I fell asleep and woke myself up several times hearing myself snore...so embarassing, but it's ok. It's your time to get comfy, relax and just enjoy....
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,11/16/2010,188,32,5,10,6>UBE MASHED POTATOES!!!! This is probably the best thing i love about this place, even better you can order it with almost any dish they serve!Let me backtrack a bit, this venue is one of the few gems of the Hawaii Kai restaurant scene. It sits right on the marina so as you sit for lunch/dinner you can watch the boaters SUPs and Kayakers go by.  The wait service is always friendly and very accommodating. One of the owners is usually at the restaurant helping wait/bus tables and is very nice to chat to if you can pick her out.Now the food! i think the best part of this restaurant (besides the ube mashed) is that the kitchen is willing to substitute different things sides/sauces per each entree. I've come here with an uncle that can't eat garlic, and they would prepare his entire meal sans garlic! and if you know hawaii people...we love our garlic!The two main entrees here that i like the best is first the Rack of Lamb on a bed of Ube(purple Okinawan sweet potato) Mashed Potatoes, always succulent and cooked so the gameness is minimized. Second the Ribs...ooohhh the ribs are good, fall off the bone then lick all your fingers till they bleed! The menu is broad but distinguished from burgers to fresh fish, and a full array of appetizers. it would be awesome if they had a happy hour special!all of their appetizers are delicious, the poke is fresh and the chips and the artichoke dip and fresh chips are superb! I'm not a fan of the desserts here as they don't exactly match the bravado of their main entree's, but my dad loves the key lime pie. They do have a full bar so any drink goes, and if you are really desperate for a spot to watch some sports they have a a couple of flat screens to satisfy that baseball game craving of yours.I'd give the place 4.5 stars if they had it, but gotta bump to 5 for the friendly wait staff and good selections.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/30/2010,11/15/2010,440,533,13,15,11>Tonight, I was made an honorary Filipino for the night by my two awesome friends Sherri and Jeannette! I like Filipino food but I'm no expert at it, so they decided to take me to Waipahu to eat at Max's.I felt a little weird eating there. I thought I was the only non-Filipino in the whole restaurant and whenever I looked up, someone at another table was staring at me, watching me eat. It's the nicest Filipino restaurant I've ever been to by far and it was clean! I was glad I had the two girls to order for us because the menu had a lot of choices, but even then it took a lengthy discussion to decide. From what I could gather, their families are from different parts of the Phillipines, which led to a discussion of differences in food preparation. And of course every Filipino I have ever met thinks their mom is the greatest cook and no food could ever compare to hers. Finally, Sherri and Jeanette ordered a bunch of their favorites for me to try. We had the fresh (not fried) ubod lumpia, pancit palabok, sisig, sinigang, and of course, crispy pata, my favorite. We all ordered some calamansi juice to wash it down. I loved it because it was like really strong, citrusy lemonade, but the girls said it was too strong for them.The lumpia and pancit came out first. I'd never had fresh lumpia, and I don't think I'll ever have it again. Fried things are always better! The texture and flavor just didn't work out for me; the hearts of palm filling and the wrapper was too soft and mushy and I didn't care for the sweet goopy sauce covering it. Also, the filling had very little flavor. The pancit was also too soft, sweet, and bland for me. I prefer the texture of the bihon noodles, which are firmer.Next came the sinigang and sisig. Sherri loves their sinigang because the soup is so sour. Jeanette doesn't care for it because her grandma's sinigang is more subtle. I agree with Jeanette on this one. The soup was good, but it would have been better diluted; it was mouth-puckeringly sour, and I like sour. They could have been more generous with the veggies also.The sisig was so nasty that nobody ate more than a few bites. I only ordered it because my co-worker had insisted that it was Max's specialty and the best item on the menu. It was terrible. I still don't know what it was. I think it was some kind of meat on a sizzling platter covered with a sh*tload of sweet mayonnaise.So why am I giving this place 3 stars? The crispy pata and the halo halo dessert. The crispy pata was a thing of beauty--so perfectly crisp and delightful with a side of tomatoes, onions, and bagaoong. Good thing it came out last because the two girls were already full and I got to eat the whole shank myself--with my hands like a caveman. (No wonder people were staring at me.) Then the halo halo came and it was the best one I'd ever had and when the other girls finally gave up eating that, I not only finished it off, I picked up the whole bowl and drank the melted ice! Can't take me anywhere . . . So, the moral of my very long story is: stick to the fried meats and the halo halo and you can't go wrong. As for the rest, my mom, who is not even Filipino, can make better Filipino food than that!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,11/14/2010,297,858,3,7,6>This is a inexpensive/cheap dinner to try based on fellow yelpers's opinions.It's not your ordinary plate lunch, really it's not.The super thinly sliced steak is nicely folded over Japanese mountain potatoes (taste almost like radish).  Hence the name "steak roll." Because I was curious of all the sauces, I was able to get half wasabi and half garlic.  My husband just went with the garlic steak roll and both plates were served with 2 scoops of rice over a bed of lettuce.I asked for brown rice and they say they didn't have any.  We wanted to try the NY steak, but they didn't have that either.  It's about 6p.m. and they don't close till 9p.m. so I'm thinking maybe they don't stock up well?Either way, I was impressed with the meal.  The thin steaks were definitely of good quality and because they served ponzu sauce on the side, I simply poured all my crispy garlic slices in the sauce.  The wasabi has some kick to it, so I added that to my ponzu too.  With each bite, I  dipped my steak roll in the concoction.They have a flat screen TV oddly positioned right above our seats.  There's only four tables, accommodates 2 person per table.  Then there' s about 5 or 6 stools opposite of the tables facing the streets.  Half the customers there ordered to go, but eating here was pleasant.  They had several copies of the STAR newspaper and that kept us company while we waited for our freshly prepared meal.The website shows the price of the plates with tax included for $7, but now they charge tax.  They accept credit cards, so I'm a fan.  Parking can be a challenge, so we decided to park across the big lot from the market Don Quijote.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,11/13/2010,337,62,7,7,6>Two great things happened two days ago!First, I got to see my best buddy from high school.Second, I FINALLY GOT TO TRY GREEK FOOD!!They always say to make your first impression remarkable and my first experience dining at Olive Tree Cafe will definitely be placed in the little treasure box hidden inside my heart :)My friend mentioned that he was craving mediterranean so we yelped it and found this amazing restaurant.  When we got there, It was really crowded but we were sooooo lucky to grab a table right outside.  We ordered the Tabouleh Salad, Fish Souvlaki, and Hummus with Pita Bread.  Oh My Goodness!! The Hummus was delicious!! It tasted so FRESH!! I thought my Fish Souvlaki was tender and very flavorful.  It was my first time trying a Tabouleh Salad so I wasn't sure what to expect.  But after my first bite, my tummy was smiling.  In a small bite, I could taste the fresh ingredients and the taste of the parsley and mint was very refreshing.  Although we were both full, we decided to end our meal with baklava and cappuccino.  The baklava was oh so sweet but I couldn't believe how quickly I finished it even after claiming that I was full :PThe atmosphere was very comfy and relaxing.  The only negative thing about this place was that the intercom system was semi-broken so whenever they would call on an order, we couldn't make out the name so my friend stood up to check on our order literally around 10 times before it was really ours! They should seriously get that fixed! Other than that, I'm definitely coming back here for my next greek fix.p.s. Cash only and BYOB!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,11/12/2010,442,466,20,22,22>Welcome back to town Mama Woo's! I have 941-6262 (941-MAMA) plugged into my cell phone so I can call in my orders ahead of time!  I used to go to Mama Woo's when she was in Hawaii Kai. I was bummed when she moved to Kaneohe but now I am excited to see her right there on King Street, across the McCully library/McDonald's/Magoo's pizza truck/76 Gas station.  The thing that sets Mama Woo's apart from other Korean restaurants is the side dishes she prepares fresh daily. She has the regular seaweed, cabbage, etc on a daily basis. However, if you are lucky enough to go on a Tuesday, she has an Okinawan sweet potato salad.  The fried eggplant is also very tasty. There is a mochi side dish which I don't know the name of, it looks spicy, but it's kind of got a sweet/salty taste. Definitely unique and yummy.  The chop chae is awesome, and I keep missing it, but my favorite was this tofu side dish which I think is on Thurs or Fri. I ordered the Large Family Pack for a party of 6, which came with meat jun, BBQ meat, kalbi, mandoo, and chicken.  It comes with a whole tray full of side veggies etc.   After my party of 6 was done eating, the trays looked like nobody had touched them. There was a ton of food left over!! She's been open for about a month and I've already been there 6 times. I've had the seaweed soup(awesome!), meat jun, spicy chicken, Kim Bop, and of course the Family Pack.  THE SPICY KOREAN CHICKEN WINGS: a must try!Parking has never been a problem for me so far, but it looks like there's just a few spaces in front of the place and street parking.  CASH ONLY.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,11/11/2010,45,66,7,4,5>[Sung to the tune of Mozart's "Eine kleine Nachtmusik"]:  Meat, Meat Meat, Meat-Meat Meat-Meat Meat-MEAT!  Meat, Meat Meat, Meat-Meat Meat-Meat Meat-Meat!I love Camellia's...there's nothing fancy pants about it.  There's not a wide selection of delicate meats, but what they have works fine.  They have a lot of vegetables, kim chee, and all sorts of other side dishes that I honestly can't tell you anything about, because I don't eat them.  I come here to do one thing and one thing only... EAT BEEF, RIBS, PORK, CHICKEN! Grrrr!Sure, you're going to automatically pay a little over $20 per person.  But after that, sky's the limit....or rather...it depends how low you can sink yourself into a pit of neverending MEAT MEAT MEAT.  First off...parking can be a problem so I'd advise you to come early and if you're in a group, car-pool.  It saves gas, the environment, and the frustration of having to find parking in their narrow lot.  Once you're inside, there isn't much to look at.  Who cares?  I'm here for my MEAT.  I will load up an entire plate with nothing but the MEAT they have... flap steak, bulgogi, kalbi ribs, spicy pork, and chicken.  My favorite are the ribs, but a lot of people (myself included) enjoy the flap steak.  Don't forget to get that delicious dipping sauce!  Seriously...it's all you can cook, all you can eat MEAT, what's not to love?  Yes, there isn't anything fancy about this MEAT, but cook it right and it's still delicious.Okay, I lied about the veggies.  They have cloves of garlic, onions, peppers and mushrooms that I get and cook with my MEAT, to give it that added flavor.  The service is okay...often you might be left with an empty glass of water for a while, but they do change the grill pretty often, even if I'm in the middle of cooking!  After cooking for 10-15 minutes all the MEAT I can pile on a plate...I go back and load up my plate with even more MEAT, come back, eat the MEAT I've cooked now that it's cooled a bit and start cooking again.  This cycle continues until I begin my downward spiral culminating with MEAT EYES--basically where MEAT starts oozing out of your tear ducts.  If you've ever eaten a ton of MEAT, you know what I mean!OH!  There is one other thing besides MEAT that I enjoy here.  It's the all I can eat self-serve ice cream!  MEAT AND ICE CREAM = HEAVEN!  I usually down another 2-3 bowls of ice cream after my meal, just to fill in the little pockets of air in my digestive tract that the MEAT can't completely cover.  When I'm in the mood to indulge my inner carnivore, I like to come here.  You know it's a great place when you leave hating yourself and cursing that you're never going to eat that much MEAT again...and then you return and repeat the cycle over and over again.Let's chant...MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT (Ice Cream!)
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,11/10/2010,147,155,3,4,4>Two songs come to mind when I go here... "Sometimes you go to where everybody knows your nammmme" and "If you're happy and you know it clap your hands CLAP, CLAP"I've become a regular here.  What impressed me most about this place is not just the food, but after just the second time coming here, as I approached the counter to give my order, I was greeted with 'Hey Justin, welcome back'.  Yes, they remembered my name which made me want to give the counter lady a high five.  Little things like this is what keeps me coming back for more. The food.  I usually take-out and order the #1 with their pastrami sandwich which comes with salad and 2 side items.  The side items changes up from day to day which are also very tasty.  You can definitely notice the quality and freshness in each bite.  I'm not sure if this is true, but I heard all of their ingredients are locally grown which I'm a huge supporter of.  Without a drink, I spend 10.21.  I usually don't have 21 cents but instead I'm forced to use a quarter leaving me with four pennies which I hate.  I wish meal prices would factor in tax so the total comes to a round number.  Anyways..go here, you'll like it!
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,11/9/2010,865,217,27,33,28>Stopped off at Fukuya to grab breakfast and lunch for work today (I can never get sick of this place).  I was stoked to be next in line with the cool lady (tall Japanese lady with glasses and long ponytail). She's always generous and even takes the time to select you the best pieces of fried chicken. She was generous with my plate today, I got a few extra pieces of mochiko chicken and char siu!yelp.com/biz_photos/tMQc…Got my usual Hot Dog Roll ($4.25): Hot dog and spam are rolled up with furikake rice. Simple and tasty. They also have it in chicken, bbq beef (my other favorite) and the regular maki sushi roll.yelp.com/biz_photos/tMQc…Teri Beef/BBQ Maki Roll ($4.75):Teri beef, spam and furikake in one delicious bite, what's not to love?!yelp.com/biz_photos/tMQc…Shiso Musubi ($1.10): Sweet-salty goodness. Rice is perfectly cooked and rolled in red shiso powder (what you get when red japanese basil is pickled with umeboshi plums, then dried). It's so simple but so tasty. You can tell from my other take-out pic that I love this stuff!yelp.com/biz_photos/tMQc…Char Siu Chicken ( $2.00): I happened to stop by on a day when their char siu chicken and teriyaki chicken made it's debut. According to my cool server, they never know what the cook will put out. He just happened to make these two chicken items that morning. The chicken was moist and tender. It's didn't seem like it was marinated long bc the flavors weren't as intense as other places I've eaten at. It was tasty though! Tofu Burger ($0.85) This can be a hit or miss sometimes when the burger is too sweet or mushy. But today it was perfectly cooked and delicious! FYI, they put tuna and green onions in their tofu patty.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,11/8/2010,121,113,3,11,8>Eating here is like a fun little adventure. The ambiance inside is not that impressive, but I like how you feel like you are eating over at someones house. My favorite part was when our server sprinkled rose water on our hands and over our heads for good luck and good health. She was so sweet and friendly, she took the time to explain the whole menu to us as we were newbs to the Moroccan experience. First of all let me say that this is not a dine and dash kind of place. You sit, you talk to your dining partner, relax, enjoy. Just from the atmosphere you should know that this is not fast food, it's cooked with care and love. It's pri fix so the dishes come out one at a time. Crack open a bottle of your wine or beer sit back in the cushions and take it easy. The whole experience for us took a good two hours, and it was two hours well spent. The lentil soup was so flavorful without being too salty. The salad was absolutely delightful especially with the wheat bread, yum! We ordered the lamb brochettes and cornish hen with lemon and olives as our entrees. Both entrees were juicy and full of flavor. I loved every last bite and the portions were just right, not too big yet I was satisfied at the end. Having said that I do think it is a bit pricey for what you get, at any other sit-down restaurant $35 gets you a lot more food than here. If you can get over the price I would highly recommend Casablanca.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,11/7/2010,139,416,4,7,4>I brought my kids here last weekend after looking at townhouses in Kaneohe. It's $3 per adult and $1 per child to get onto the temple grounds. If I recall correctly, when I was a kid, it didn't cost anything to get in here, but I guess a lot more people are rich in this new millennium, so we ponied up the money between us and went in. It is a pleasant, fairly serene place. I got a little spoiled in my youth, though, as we traveled to Kyoto a couple times, and walked around real temples and shrines, with very elaborate gardens. But this place is not bad for Kaneohe. My favorite Zen Buddhist, Thich Nhat Hanh, writes about "inviting the bell to sound" before and after meditation. However, that is not usually what is happening here with the big temple bell, as just about everyone (including my two kids) had to ring the big bell. So, it's not an occasional "invitation to ring," but more like an onslaught of "striking the bell!" My wife bought my kids two bags of fish food from the little shop to feed the koi. One word of caution: even after you wash your hands in the lavatory, your hands will still smell like fish food. Fortunately, I had some alcohol-based hand sanitizer in the car that pretty well took care of the smell. The shop was interesting. Though the temple is a replica of one in Japan, some of the artifacts in the store were Chinese. I imagine some of the tourists won't know the difference. So, it's a far cry from a stroll through temple grounds in Japan, but it is a picturesque place nonetheless, and if you or your kids like ringing big bells or feeding fish, you will have a nice interlude here. One thing that made me laugh: there's a plaque on the ground just inside the entrance, acknowledging several local Buddhist priests. One of them had the last name O'hara (with the apostrophe). Do you suppose they meant Ohara instead? I wondered why the priest didn't insist on them correcting it, then I realized it made sense that someone who is known for having compassion and being humble would probably not care if his name were spelled wrong! Pretty cool example of living ones faith, yes? Drive toward Kahalu'u on Kahekili Hwy, turn left into the Valley of the Temples cemetery, take the main road all the way back, park-n-pay your entrance fee, and you are there. Bring your camera--it's pretty!
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/2/2010,11/6/2010,36,97,6,7,6>The beautiful singer Sade had it right: It's never as good as the first time.I should always take heed of that sage advice, because honestly if it's good that first time, chances are that everything that comes after will be a disappointment. Lightning doesn't really strike twice and magic is only magical the first time you see it.Okay, that's cynical, but I so much wanted to like this place and after that first, magical visit, I put a lot of faith that it would always be great, that they were a jewel amongst burger joints. Now, after repeat visits, the love is simply gone.Let me say first off that among burgers I've had on Oahu theirs is probably my favorite. The beef is fresh (read: local), the patties just the right size, texture, and taste. It's not overloaded with accompaniments, either: a single leaf of lettuce and a slice of tomato. They throw in grilled onions, too, which are a nice touch. Also, unlike Teddy's, this burger isn't dripping with sauce.The sign of a true, old-fashioned burger, though, is the toasted bun. Not just a warmed over bun, tossed into a flat toaster, but one that's spent some time sizzling on a grill, getting carmelized and crunchy. Slinging patties is hard enough, but getting those buns toasty as well takes serious attention to detail and coordination. Plus, it simply makes the burger better. The patty drips and oozes, and instead of a soggy, disintegrating bun, a properly toasted bun withstands whatever juices and light condiments there are. It's the classic burger and on my first visit I was enthralled when that bun first went crunch.Honolulu Burger Co. seemed to be a place that had put a lot of thought into what they were doing and I was sure that my review would have five shiny stars on it. My next visit, though, was like a second date; you suddenly see things that give you pause, you start to wonder whether you were so enamored of the newness on the first date that you were also rendered blind. Example: on my first visit, I hadn't even noticed that they were taking orders by hand, scribbling them out on carbon-copy slips and passing them to the cooks. That was fine when there were only a few customers, but on my second visit evidently the word had gotten out and the place was packed. The poor cooks couldn't keep up with all those slips of paper, scribbled in harried cashier handwriting. Several customers ahead of me had their orders either taken wrong or made incorrectly, and those of us who actually got our orders right had to wait a long, long time for them because there seemed to be general chaos abound.They'd spent a lot of money in the design, layout, and furnishings, on the fancy logo and the massive flat screen TVs that double as menu boards. Why they hadn't invested in an automated order system, or even a register that spit out printed receipts to pass along to the cooks...well, that was a mystery. (Since then that's been addressed and they do have a more robust system for taking orders and passing them along.)Every visit afterward, five in all, was like a long descent into a bad relationship: things got sloppier, attention to detail vanished, it was as if one of us was taking the other for granted and the other kept hoping it would get better. The waits for food got longer and longer (if I'm paying ten bucks for a burger and fries, must I wait twenty minutes to get it?). The counter staff seemed to get younger and more clueless (not having urgency is one thing, but even snails move faster than some of their workers). One day the fries - which really weren't as great as some have opined - were just a soggy, wilted mess. And then, finally, on my last visit, the ultimate sin: the bun wasn't toasted. I don't know if that was just a mistake or if it was a deliberate change, but it was definitely a sign from the Universe that our time was up. I doubt I'll be going back, even months or years down the road just to see if things are better, if lessons have been learned.I'll just stick with Sade and learn this lesson now. It's never as good as the first time.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,11/5/2010,87,129,10,5,10>Okay, so we're not regulars here, and we're definitely not newbies either. I'd say we venture here to the outskirts of the Mapunapuna business district maybe.....once, twice yearly at most I'd describe HL's as sorta sports bar dive-ish, meets Cheers,with a geriatric karaoke twist, serving up food that I think got way better since last we visited. You kinda know when you first enter the dimly lit foyer, that this joint is patronized by regulars...totally..... cause the laughter, conversations, and old school karaoke selections, are quite a few sound decibels higher than the norm. The decor might be a little dated, but the staff makes it comfortable none the less. The wife ordered the T-Bone Steak for dinner, and I was pleasantly surprised at it's size. I have to admit, it wasn't on the smallish side as I would've expected, but rather on the larger, thicker juicier side. Spiced just right, and cooked to her perfect medium rare, with the ever popular grill marks just smiling at her upon it's hot delivery. She cut off a piece for me...and .............MMMMMMMMMMM! As somebodies auntie is singing "The Wonder Of You", in the background! I get the half slab of ribs, and this is where I think the food went in a different , and better direction. ( In my own humble opinion) Their ribs used to be smoked in the dry rub style, which I thoroughly enjoyed, I also agree that it might've meant a tad bit dryer, but in our quest for ribs we gotta try -em-all! At this visit my ribs, were moister, and had a thick garlicky, sweet, sour , barbecue sauce on top that I thought kicked it up nicely, MMMMMMMMMMMM! As someone from the class of 1972 at Sacred Hearts Academy, mini reunion, sings "Where The Boys Are"! But... and I'm saving this for last, was our appetizer order. I was in the mood for some kinda seafood, to go with our meat entree, so we chose the steamed clams. You know... Steamed Clams, basically all the same wherever you go, only this time when the little beauties came, not only were there the usual portion of clams in butter, garlic, onions, in clam broth.... but on the top... in a heap..... MORE CLAMS! A mini mother load of chopped clams, to where we'd use our teeth and scrape out our clam meat from it's shell, and use the shell to retrieve more broth and clam meat.... I was happy as a.....hhmmmm, what should I put here? As we lose focus on the clam treasure, and the wife joins in the chorus to.... Shoo, shoo, shoo..........shoo, shoo, shoo....., shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo, shooooo... SUGAR TOWN!!! Maybe next time I'll be ready with my B-52's LOVE SHACK! Tiiiiinnnnn roof...rusted!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,11/4/2010,1750,731,19,35,12>Dr. Shim Ching's office is located in POB III. I work at Queen's, so this super convenient for me. The first thing I noticed was the office decor. Man, it's really nice. I was definitely blown away because I had never seen a doctor's office look like this before--giving off an expensive day-spa vibe. Hah, and the seats in the waiting area are super comfy.  :)My reason for the visit was for laser hair removal, not plastic surgery. I was definitely persuaded by the awesome deals they have going on. They currently have a summer package deal where if you purchase a bikini sesh, you get 25% off the price for your underarms. AND I believe they always offer a free 5th session if you purchase 4. Anyway, I bought the Brazilian + underarm package deal. I think I paid $1000 + tax... so, roughly $1050. What a SWEEEEET deal.The overall laser hair removal process took less than an hour. (I was in and out of the office within an hour--and that's with all the paperwork, stripping down, piercing removal, etc.) In other words, it's quick. ... And surprisingly a lot less painful than I thought. I'm totally pleased with the overall experience (even though I've only done 1 of the 5 sessions so far). A couple weeks after the hair removal session is when the hair started to actually fall out. As far as results go, the hair growth has decreased by  roughly 75%!! However, because hair grows in cycles, the other 4 treatments are essential to ensure complete hair death!!! :)I totally recommend laser hair removal from Dr. Shim Ching's office to anyone and everyone. I'm totally hooked. I want to laser all the hair off my whole body. lol
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2010,11/3/2010,275,329,5,8,6>I'm beginning to see a pattern of office buildings doubling as restaurants, and for the most part it's kind of tripping me out. Nevertheless it also makes for a fun experience in which it makes me want to work in a swanky office so that when happy hour rolls around I can just switch to some funky heels and trot downstairs to the fancy restaurant. Fat chance. But I just pretended for the one meal I'll ever experience at 3660. The atmosphere inside doesn't quite match the level of classy food they serve, but man do the diners dress it up for this place. I saw girls wearing prom dresses, guys in collared shirts and ties, and all walks of life eating in 3660. Old people, young people and everyone in-between. (Same goes for the waiters, who, oddly enough, are all men. Hmph. I just realized that). But in all seriousness, it's a pretty cool place. Ordered two drinks--one was the Temptuous martini of which I wasn't really a fan. Also, they should call them mini martinis! So tiny you wonder if they could pack any alcohol in there! Then I got a glass of red wine which was generously poured to the top and that turned out to be an excellent choice. Now on to the good stuff: the fooooood. Living up to all the hype (thank you Yelpers) the ahi katsu really was SO delicious and such an amazing combination of textures. Ooo crispy, soft, fresh, and flavorful, oh YUM you can see why this dish took home so many awards. Also ordered the clam & corn chowder which wasn't anything to jump up and down for. Then, my personal weakness--desserts. We ordered the Mile High Waialae pie and of course the chocolate souffle which the waiter informed us with a wink and a smile that 3660's souffles don't need to be put in the oven for 25 minutes unlike OTHER places because of the way it's prepared before. Well, all I have to say to that is that maybe those other places know something you don't. In all fairness, it was very delicious, but I'm sorry, when you've fallen in love with a man named Roy you never forget your first chocolate souffle experience. Sorry 3660, you were good, but you couldn't top my personal favorite. I'm scoring this with a low four star rating (let's say a 4.3) mostly because of service. While there were MANY servers dashing around like crazy, I felt that our waiter wasn't always checking in on us regularly and some of our drinks came rather slow to the table. Great to experience a truly one of a kind Hawaiian fine dining experience, but it wouldn't top an all time favorites list.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2010,11/2/2010,97,68,11,11,5>I have mixed feelings about this place. It has nothing to do with the time of month. I've never had any problems with their desserts. In fact, we've ordered their coconut cake many times for family parties, birthdays, etc. Their cheesecake is so yummy - thick and creamy. Their sandwiches were good, but seemed to have shrunk in size in terms of filling. I rarely order sandwiches from them anymore since Covenant Books and Coffee have really yummy sandwiches for really good prices.I still love their clam chowder. It's creamy, but not too creamy, and I've never bit down on a clam and felt the oh-so-gross-and-annoying crunch of grit. (I hate that!). The roll that comes with the soup is one of my favorites - a little toasty on the outside, steaming on the inside and perfect for melting the butter that I generously slather on. I love their chinese chicken salad and the orange seared shrimp salad. I hate feeling like I've only eaten rabbit food for lunch when I've had a salad, but their salads leave me feeling satisfied, but not stuffed, and definitely not like a furry, veggie munching bunny.I was disappointed the last time we had lunch there, though. We were one of the first ones seated at 11:30 and my coworker and I ordered the orange seared shrimp salad, which comes with 'nalo greens. After about 10 minutes, the waitress comes to tell us that they don't have 'nalo greens and would have to substitute with romaine lettuce. Um, sorry, but I'm not going to pay $14 for a plate of romaine lettuce when I can buy the Costco size bag for less than that. ;PMy biggest annoyance and this is what kept me from going back for a long time is their service. The waiters/waitresses are fine, actually. They're young, but they are friendly. It's the lady with the glasses that works behind the counter that gets to me. I'm assuming she's the owner? She's not very friendly to customers and I've seen her give deadly glares to the waitresses for accidentally forgetting to pack a spoon or something. They have these extremely elaborate flower arrangements and one day they had peonies, so I asked her where she got them from and she snarkily told me "Oh, I just know someone." Really, lady, it's not like I'm gonna go buy out the entire island's reserve of peonies. To give her credit, she is a bit friendlier now.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,11/1/2010,209,81,4,7,3>Disclaimer: This was my first foray into Indian food so keep that in mind as you read.For those you skimming through reviews, I can confirm what everyone on yelp is saying:- Crazy small parking lot.  10 stalls maybe?- Long wait times.  We came at 6:15 on a Sunday and had to wait 40 minutes.- Large portions.  - Reasonably priced.- Tasty, spicy eats- Yes the naan is good.- Yes the naan is large.- Yes it's worth the wait.For those of you want more details, here you go.After 40 minutes, we get seated, take a look at the menu and start to order:Waitress: How spicy do you want your vindaloo to be?  Pick a number from 5-10 where 10 is the hottestUs: We'll go with 8.Our spiciness selection foreshadowed my yelp review.  If yelp had a 10 star scale, I would have marked an 8.The meal:Iced Chai TeaChicken Vindaloo, Spiciness 8Lamb MasalaTandoori Chicken Kebabs (I forgot the exact name)Yellow RiceGarlic NaanStuffed Vegetable NaanThe Great:Chicken Vindaloo - Extremely tasty and extremely spicy.  Me and my dinner party were having hot flashes and sweating up a storm because it was so spicy.  It was only an 8 on the spiciness scale!  My tounge was burning, but I couldn't stop.  I would have a couple bites, take a break, sip some chai tea, then dive right back in.  The spicy pain was worth the deliciousness.  Even with the dish being so spicy, none of the flavor was stolen by the heat.  Lamb Masala - Lots of recommendations for this one.  Tasty as well.  Not spicy, but very flavorful.  It was interesting because it felt like I wasn't eating lamb at all.The Naan.  The Naan!  The vegetable naan was especially good.  A lot of recommendations for the garlic naan but the stuffed vegetable naan kicked it's bready face!  The Meh:The tandoori chicken kebabs were bland and boring.  The yogurt didn't save it.  The yellow rice was definitely overshadowed by the naan.  Something else I noticed was the metal cups are actually a turn off.  You can taste the metal when you put your lips to the cup.  Yuck.Cafe Maharani makes me want to try more Indian places.  From what I've read, it seems that this place is the best.  There's nothing wrong with that.  This place is worth the wait!
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,10/31/2010,92,120,14,11,7>Remember how back in the day you were scared to let your friends know about some hot girl you saw because you didn't want any of your homies to sweep in and steal her?  (Hey, some of us were unattractive in high school, OKAY?!)  Well, Choon Chun restaurant has me as conflicted as one of those "I'm vegetarian but I eat fish" weirdos, because I loff me some Choon Chun but the place is small so I don't want any of you to go there, for fear of me not getting a table during happy hour!I call this place the "Sorabol Killer" because Sorabol is now dead to me after eating at this place multiple times.Happy hour is until 8 PM, with a pimp plethora of dishes from $6-$8.  Beers can range from $2 500cc bud lights to $8 pitchers of Hite.We like to get the man doo, small size pork (or chicken) stir fry, odeng (fishcake) soup and soon dae during happy hour.  Their tonggdak (whole fried chicken) is not bad but be forewarned that it is more like a hen, so if you want KFC (Korean fried chicken) you're better off getting the $8 whole chicken during happy hour at Nolbunae.  Just to warn those of you not descended from the Chosun people (funny how Chosun sounds like chosen and Hyundai sounds like Honda, eh? sneaky Korean linguists!), their ginormous stir fry special is hot like Hyori Lee (who just happens to grace their table placemats...is there nothing this place has not thought of?!?!?!) and can leave you with a venereal-grade burn if you're not prepared for it.The pae jun is also powder mix-based rather than egg-based, which is actually the more traditional way of preparing it (apparently), which may or may not perturb some Korean food neophytes but I loff it.Unlike most Korean restaurants, the service here is actually pretty good, as it is staffed by nice and younger people instead of the usual ajumma brigade.  For great food, good prices and Hyori Lee table mats, this place gets  5 stars!
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2010,10/30/2010,113,187,3,5,4>After dining here twice recently, I'm impressed with this place.  Chef Sean has spent some time living in different places in the South and it shows in his cooking.Visit #1Since I couldn't remember the last time I sampled some fried chicken, I had to go with the "Buttermilk Fried Chicken & Chili" entree.  But you don't get just chicken and chili.  It also comes with Buttermilk Cilantro Cole Slaw, Cornbread & Ma'o Farms Collard Greens.  You mean I get quality as well as a variety of side dishes?  Yesssssss!  I enjoyed everything, especially the moist and flavorful chicken.Visit #2While one of the nice employees made the special (pork shank in a delicious sounding sauce) sound appealing, I was in the mood for something spicy.  Like the gumbo with the spicy portuguese sausage.  Unbeknownst to me, Chef Sean had heard our conversation and was ready with the perfect solution.  "How about if we add some spicy sausage to the pork shank sauce?".  Problem solved and the pork was tender and tasty.  I'm guessing that, without the chef being within earshot, getting a modified entree would have been challenging.  But I lucked out.You can dine indoors or eat on the small patio which is shared with the adjacent shave ice place.  Since it was dinner time, parking wasn't easy.  But that's not going stop me from coming back for more tasty southern food!
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,10/29/2010,230,197,5,6,7>It's an interesting place and I have to say I am glad to have tried the place last year after passing by daily heading into work; I have been going ever since.  There is a parking spot dedicated to the shop in the back.  The place is about 50 yards makai of the Papa John's and Young's Dry Cleaners strip mall on Vineyard and on that side of Nuuanu.  There is a saimin place and a bento place on either side.     The place is run by a Korean man who used to buzz cut Jack Lord's mop when he had his shop near the Ilikai Hotel during the glory days.  He asks you to look at the poster board of profile cut outs and pick a number.  I think I go with #37.  Or something close to that.  What is provided is what I consider a very consistent cut each time (and I've gone 4 times now), and just the way I like it.  At the end of the hair cut, don't start moving out of your chair because first he is going to give you a face massage by rubbing and creating folds over the top of your head (dude has strong fingers!) and temporarily making you feel as if you were like one of those little dogs in calendars that have loose folded skin everywhere.  Then he will use the handheld massage hammer machine to work the neck and shoulders.  Once he's done, I think I was close to snoring with the way he basically put me to sleep.  After the abrupt wake up call and some dried up drool bisecting 45 degrees down from the corner of my mouth, I usually pay the man his due, $20 ($15 but I just hand him a $20) and I am on my way.  Oh, and the man doubles up as a minister on Sundays as he has his own organ and sound studio inside the shop (he will be playing on it as you enter the shop if he has no other customers).  He used to have a bigger flock but he tells me he fleeces only but a few members now (OK, that wasn't warranted but the oppty was there) because he retired from being a full time preacher.  If you can get past that he has his own karaoke and organ set up in the shop as being a little bit too weird, I consider the man very talented and again, he provides the most consistent cut of anyone I've tried on the island.  Then again, I also used to go as one of my options that hair institute on Nuuanu - and you never know who or what you're going to get, even though you only pay $6 or so.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,10/28/2010,96,107,4,6,5>I'm convinced you could run a V6 engine with their dark roast. I started drinking at Downtown Coffee after I saw one of their baristas roasting beans at 9 PM at night.  The entire front of Pioneer Plaza smelled of coffee and I almost ordered a cup from the guy on the spot.  Their slogan (neatly printed on all of their cups) "make coffee not war" reminds us all that when you think, or have urges about invading another country for oil, you should make coffee instead.  =)I always get the dark roast from here.  Their current dark roast is "Waialua Dark Roast" which kind of has an earthy kona-blend-but-not-really taste to it. Last week it was "Yemen Dark Roast", which I felt had more spices to it, the aroma is a nice precursor to the first sip, which literally kicks you in the face.  I don't think I've had more caffeine in a beverage than the Yemen roast.   Their Oat Cake, which really should be called a bar, is also another popular item.  It's deceivingly small - it's a rather dense/heavy for its size and has a natural glaze/shine from the fruits that are baked inside it.  They also serve a matcha green tea square/cake.  While not a particularly healthy item - loaded with sugars - it does make for an awesome afternoon treat before dinner.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,10/27/2010,82,144,15,20,12>Thanks goodness for Yelp promos! The fine folks over at Auto Detail Aces ran a promo back in February and I scooped it up for myself as a gift certificate: 20% a Deluxe detail package on an SUV, drop off at the shop. Some background on what they were dealing with--P.S. They don't even know this! My fiance's 9 year old daughter decides one day that she wants to be "sick" and stay home from school. She looks absolutely fine and is playing and acting like the typical ADHD kids she normally is until we decide to drive to Target and she decides she wants to VOMIT on my leather seats and sit in it.  She doesn't even tell us she's done it! Fantastic. My car has been blessed. My fiance's boss get rip-roaring loaded one night at a party and cannot drive herself home. Lucky me. I pair up with a friend to take her car and drop her off at a nearby friend's home and while waiting, she decides to sit on a wall and urinate on herself, then proceed to sit on my leather seats.  Great. Then some jacka$$ with bad intentions decides to terrorize our cars over 3 city blocks (he's since been arrested and charged with felony criminal property damage), decided to key my car TO THE METAL three days in a row.  So when a friend asked why in the world I was having my car detailed, I said, its been vomited in, peed in, and keyed three times. She was due.  (P.S. I have mild OCD--so none of these things about my car sit okay with me AT ALL)I told Gavin about the artwork left on my car. He explained to me about the amount of clearcoat and my options. He was very professional and helpful. He gave me options for dates that I could bring my car in  and worked around when it would be convenient for me. When I got there, Channen (I'm sure I'm spelling that wrong, but I know he has an unusual way of spelling his name) was there checking someone else in. When he got to me, he was also very professional, listened to my concerns about my car and offered me his phone number so I could check in whenever I wanted to.  Blah, blah, blah...end of day, I pick up my car. It took a smidge longer than I expected because they were a little short handed.  At the end of the day, I would rather they take longer than do a shitty job.  I watched Channen go around the car several times with a cloth, polishing over and over and over.  I saw him take the vacuum out again and try to get sand out of my trunk.  I don't mind waiting for the extra effort that they put into the good job. As far as the actual job they did, here's how it goes down. The scratches were the job of a guy who meant ill. Channen did such a fantastic job of smoothing it out--but only a full paint job will truly make it go away. The rest of the exterior looks as good as the day I bought my car (a 2009 Murano, btw).  The interior on the other hand, is so impressive.  They actually managed to make the interior look BETTER than the day I bought it.  How is that possible??  We were actually sliding off the seats for a week because they were so clean!  My steering wheel had a disgusting filmy build up on it -- I don't know why because my hands are clean--but it probably bothered me the most.  It's sparkling now!  And a month later, rain still beads on my paint.   But what I appreciate most about this is the amount of effort that they put into their customer service...you can tell that they try. I think Gavin must emphasize that with his employees a lot.  You can tell that there is a conscious effort being made in how they interact with their customers.  If all businesses operated like this, customers would be so much more content.  Nice job, guys. Really. I truly appreciate it and will be back again.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2010,10/26/2010,212,76,10,18,8>Wow, no one has reviewed this place yet?!  Its dead smack in a hot zone for yelping!  Being in the same shopping area as hot pot heaven, snow factory, coffee or tea, banana leaf pasta cafe, etc.This place has been open since 2007 and has been quietly styling hair of young fobs and wannabe fobs of all ages.  When I dropped in I saw a very pretty girl around my age getting her bangs styled out and center, which seems to be the trend among Japanese girls as of late.  There was an older lady getting some nice layering done to her long hair.  And although there were only 2 stylists on duty, I was happy just watching the stylists cut away with such intensity.  The waiting area is small, clean, and chic.  There's a plethora of Japanese magazines and hair style guides sitting on the nice metallic and glass shelf to the side.  The hair styling area is nicely separated by a low wall topped with a frosted glass panel on one side and hanging room dividers on the other.  Everything about this place seems to evoke a sense of Asian décor and styling; from the highly efficient setup up, to the clean cut and visually striking details.  Obviously enough, I had this sense that if I wanted a hair style to bring out the inner FOB in me I could definitely find it here.My hair stylist was Koji, he had swagger from his cool long fobby hair-do, to his fitted jeans and low slung tool belt of hair styling equipment.  I was recommended to see him and as time would reveal I would not regret that recommendation.  His English is limited, my Japanese was lacking, we obviously had a language barrier, but hair styling can traverse all adversities.  He asked how I wanted my hair cut; I showed him the look I was going for and like a predator missile he locked onto my hair with a solid and focused gaze.  It looked like strategies of how to cut my request were running through his mind.  He felt out my head, flipped flopped my hair, took a step back, looked from all angles, and said with all honesty that the look I wanted would not completely work like since my hair did not have a natural curviness like the guy in the picture I showed him.  I looked at the picture again, he explained as best as he could my hair texture, the direction of my hair, and told me that the style could be cut the same, but the look would be different.  Not once has a stylist ever told me what Koji had said, I believed him because of my experiences with other salons.  I had shown this picture to so many stylists before, I had went to so many different places and never quite got the look like in the picture, and now I know why.  I wanted to see if he could cut it better than anyone else had previously, so I asked him to cut it as best as he could and try to simulate the look as best as possible.  I was escorted to the hair washing area where I was treated to a gentle head massage and hair wash.  The products they used smelt so good that it also served to relax me in the process of everything.  Once back at the hair cutting station, he begins to take on a serious look as he pins up my hair and begins to map out his plan of attack on my unruly hair.   He grabs, measures, and cuts as fast as a professional cook chops carrots.  The sound his scissors make had a nice constant and quick sound to it, like a knife to a cutting board.  Snips of hair fly down.  He switches scissors with such ease, pulling tools from his cart and tool belt.  They don't use any buzzers here. Thank God!  Watching him cut was quite the experience, it however was the only thing to do since we couldn't communicate with each other very well.  The process, though a bit awkward due to the overall silence in the salon, took about 40 minutes or so.  He had other customers waiting for him, but he didn't rush through my hair cut, he made sure I was satisfied with every detail before he washed my hair again and styled my hair with some products.  He even took the time to tell me exactly how to keep the look over time and what type of product to select and mix when doing my hair.  He didn't try to sell me anything and he was happy to help as best as his limited English could explain. In the end, my hair looked pretty close to the picture I had shown him.  He beat out all other salons (Bobbi & Guy and Raiz) in recreating the look I had asked for.  Raiz had come close as well, but the price for a hair cut there is about $20 more than what I had paid here.  I tried 3 times with 3 different hairstylist at Bobbi & Guy, those usually ended up looking like slightly better Fantastic Sams hair dos.   This place gets 4 stars due to their skill in cutting Asian hair styles, friendly nature, and posh set up.  The only thing that could've made the experience better would be the ability to freely communicate with my stylist and at least have an interesting conversation!  Like Asian hair dos and looking for a place other than Raiz?  Try this place out! I'm glad I did! (^___^)v
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/15/2010,10/25/2010,173,191,22,33,17>YAY! I made it to grand opening day of Makitti. Don't say I didn't make any sacrifices for my loyal Yelpsters. I'm so overwhelmed, I don't know where to begin. OK, first off...parking. Apparently, they don't validate parking prior to 5pm. You'll have to find street parking if you go there for breakfast, lunch or afternoon tea. But the streets are surrounded by tons of metered street parking so it wasn't that hard to find when we went for lunch. After 5pm, you can park at the Miramar Hotel, located kitty corner (no pun in tended) across the street, on the right side of Kuhio if you're heading towards Diamond Head. If you spot the restaurant on your left, you've already passed it so go around the block. They validate for 2 hours for $2. Keep in mind that this is their opening day so I'm very understanding that they need to work out their kinks with the system. With that said...here we go. Grab ahold of your Hello Kitty panties for the journey I'm about to take you on. When you first walk into the restaurant, they have a little storefront that sells Makitti merchandise. When you turn to your left, a GREAT BIG Makitti Hello Kitty! *SCREAM!* But I was too hungry to pose for pictures at that point and they were already showing us to our table so off we went. The buffet area didn't quite have a flow to it. You know how typically you start at one end of the line where all the plates are? Yeah. It's a bit tough to figure out where the plates are. Once you find them, you'll realize there's another area that has more plates. But the good thing about their plates? They're compartmentalized. Being an OCD freak, I don't like one food sauce running into another one or different foods touching each other. I know, it's a personal problem. The food are in "pods" of areas. The first of three pods had your typical salad greens, Minato dressing, seasoned soybeans and salad condiments. There was also jumbo shrimp cocktail, lemons, some other cold dishes that I didn't really pay attention to because all that mattered was the shrimp cocktail! No poke, though. Boo. =( Onto the warm food pods. The first one had some hot dogs / wiener sausages. It was smaller than a hot dog, bigger than a wiener. Hot wieners? Some other dishes included grilled salmon, noodles, chicken, and long rice. They have a teppanyaki station where chefs can grill steak (one per person, please!) and bean sprouts. I saw that they also had calamari. They'll ask you how you want your steak cooked but good luck with that request. I think everyone got theirs medium to medium well. They had a Japanese food item station that had your white rice (a MUST for us locals!), miso soup where you could put in tofu, seaweed and green onions, if you wanted, an oden (see definition on wikipedia, I'm running out of space!) It was very light flavored and delicious and reminded me of my mom's cooking. They also had dried nori (seaweed) and NATTO (fermented soybeans). Two thumbs up for having this! If you don't know what natto is, it's a slimy dish that has a stench to it that only a true natto lover can appreciate. I'm obviously a huge fan of it so I was excited to see this offered but my friends liken the taste to slimy toe jams. Yeah, it's not for those that aren't adventurous with unknown food items. Be sure to venture beyond the dessert area (they just want to distract you to not go any farther, I think!), because there's actually a big sushi section. Right before you go there though, there's some homemade tofu (my favorite!) before you get to the rolled and nigiri sushi. I saw some people with tempura (shrimp and veggies coated in a light breading with dipping sauce) but since I'm not a huge fan, I didn't bother looking to see where they got this. Are you full yet?! Onto the desserts! Back to the glass case I went but not before stopping by at the white and milk chocolate fountains. They had marshmellows, strawberries, cream puffs and bananas. I mosied over to the rest of the desserts, which included roll cakes, chocolate mousse, haupia (coconut flavored jello is the easiest way for me to describe it) topped with strawberries. They also had a crepe station but my friend said there was no one there to make it for you and it was next to the grilling station so the ice cream was melting. They have a party room in the back where you can have birthday parties and they also have a gazebo, should your fiance be whipped enough to agree to a Hello Kitty wedding. Being a lifelong Sanrio lover myself, I still wouldn't be able to succumb a loved one to that. ^_~ They also have another area where they can fit a larger group, with seating for around 20 people. All kinks aside, it was a great deal. The lunch buffet is $15 and with your Kama'aina discount of 20% off, it was only $12! I'm not sure how long they'll keep the price low but definitely check it out!
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,10/24/2010,152,116,6,16,10>Tucked away in King's Gate Plaza (where Jiffy Lube and KFC is) on the corner of Dillingham Boulevard and North King Street in the Palama area of Kalihi, you'll find the relatively-new Grant's Grill Mandoo Express. Owner Grant Hamura explained that he got his start with this doing benefit fundraisers for his church, New Hope Chapel.  Then three months ago he turned his efforts into a business reality and opened shop. Over the course of the last couple weeks, we tried Grant's:Boneless KalbiRating: 5 starsNotes: Deeply-penetrated marinade flavor. Kinda' Teriyaki-ish, while not really heavy on Sesame Oil or Chili Pepper; sort of a Teriyaki-meets-Korean Kalbi hybrid. This definitely gives Dean's Drive Inn in Kaneohe and Kahai Street Kitchen right down the street in Kalihi some serious competition for the  'Best Teriyaki/Kalbi' Beef Plate Lunch on Oahu' Award. Garlic Fried ChickenRating: 4 StarsNotes: "Karaagi-ish", with a sweet-meets-garlic-meets-shoyu flavor penetrating the chicken meat fibers. The batter is light and delicate and seasoned to perfection. Other notes were "This (Garlic Fried Chicken) is way better than Mitsuken (Okazuya) and Sugoi's.  BBQ Spare RibsRating: 4Notes: Cliche once again, yet to-the-point, it was very flavorful, moist and seriously fall-off-the-bone tender. Flavor profiles of the sauce include: sweet/shoyu/tomato/acidic. "Papa'a"/"Koge" edges from grill flame-ups (almost literally) seal the deal. Aku BoneRating: 2Notes: Needs more seasoning (garlic salt and pepper?) and/or sauce (teriyaki perhaps?) coating it, and/or a dipping sauce (perhaps Ponzu). On a positive note,  the insides of the meat near the bones were super moist and flaky. I'm also biased on this, as I'm not a big Aku fan, so consider that a factor in my rating on this one. MandooRating: 4-5Notes: Ever heard of a "Mandoo Machine"? If not, enter Grant's Grill Mandoo Express, where they have what it touted to be the only imported-from-Korea automated Mandoo-making machine. It truly is a work of art and very, very efficient at cranking out great quality mandoo by volume! Topping that off, the Mandoo ingredients are all made in-house from SCRATCH, including the Wonton Pi wrapper. Grant's Grill Mandoo Express has three different Mandoo wrapper flavors, including standard Wonton Pi, another colored Orange from Carrot Juice, and the third colored Green from the leaves of Cucumber. How's that?! The filling is a dense mixture of ground pork, ground beef, glass noodles, cabbage, chives and seasonings that he stresses have NO MSG. It's deep-fried to perfection with a considerable chewy-crunchy texture in a GREAT way. Yet, my favorite are the steamed mandoo, where you can taste every nuance of the wrapper and filling. Up to you, but I highly recommend you go STEAMED. Other notes: Grant's Kim Chee is well-marinated, yet on the light side, spice-wise. His Korean style Potato-Mac Salad has plenty going on (all kine stuffs mixed in it) and can either be a hit or miss, depending on what you're expecting: either "local style" Mac Salad or one with a Korean twist. While I personally thought I could taste relish in it, giving it this Tartar Sauce-like flavor profile.They have an "issue" with their rice, as on both our visits, some of the scoops (not all) were dried out like day-old rice ready for making fried rice.  Yet I'm writing that off as blunder that's easy to fix, and not factoring it into the overall rating here. Ultimately I'd say Grant's Grill's greatest thing going on is the AWESOME, super-marinaded, super-tender and grilled-to-perfection Boneless Kalbi, along with his also-excellent house-made-from-scratch Mandoo. Which, that alone warrants a 4-star Yelp rating. If that sounds good right about now and what you're craving, then you MUST hit-up the new Grant's Grill & Mandoo Express!  While Grant's BBQ Pork Ribs and Korean style "better than Mitsuken and Sugoi's" Garlic Fried Chicken ain't no slouch either. As always, see the photo section for pics of the dishes mentioned in this review.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,10/23/2010,185,168,6,7,9>Saw that Swirl was closed and that in its place was Bangga Bangga.  It was actually a coincidence because walking into the food court I saw these Japanese tourists walking around with a tray of poke bowls topped with sprouts and it looked so good.  Haven't seen anywhere that sells something like that in the food court before so when I saw this new place I put two and two together.You pick what kind plate you want (donburi is with rice, poke plate is with salad and rice, etc.) and then you pick what kind of sauce you want on your poke (there's a wasabi sauce, garlic sauce, dynamite, gochujang, spicy sauce, and plain).  The first time I went I ordered the donburi but they ran out of rice and asked if I was ok with them just putting it on salad (I guess it could have irritated someone seeing that how did they not know they were running low, but I like salad so I was ok with it.. and she said she'd give me more ahi to make up for it.  Score!).  I got mine with dynamite sauce and the wasabi sauce.  The wasabi sauce was ok, but the dynamite sauce was the bomb. Haha, get it?!.  I know, lame joke.  I also liked that the salad itself is still tossed in a salad dressing, but was not overwhelming and complimented the flavors of the poke sauce.  I also liked that they topped it with sprouts and raw onions.  Yum!  The second time around I got the poke plate.  I thought that it was just going to be like what I had last time, just all salad, but it also came with rice.  I got the dynamite sauce again because I figured why screw up a good thing.  Everything still turned out great.  This place is definitely a diamond in the rough.  With all the choices that are available in the food court I hope everyone will give this place a try because it will be worth it.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,10/22/2010,110,157,3,8,5>Definitely gourmet comfort food! I came with a group of five with enough time to see happy hour, regular, and just as the party was starting. We had enough people to try many of their choices.-Apartm3nt pies- Each one is served with six slices, roughly 3-inch by 3-inch size.The Green Greek- 4 1/2-stars- Simple and delightful. Feta cheese on pizza is a delight, but add in the pine nuts and sweet onions, and I find myself in a new world. This is one of the tastiest pies they offer.The Pickled Pepper- 4-stars- The arrangement and choice of the meats worked well with the peppers, not overwhelming the combination at all. The Parma- 3 1/2-stars- I had to nibble on the tart arugula tossed in the balsamic vinegar, it comes piled like a tiny salad. This surprising choice and addition helped to bring the senses to life. The prosciutto added a delicate meat flavor to each bite.The Carnivore- 2 1/2-stars- Perhaps we were not carnivores, but this was the only one we did not finish. The mixture of meats seemed to contradict each other at certain turns, confusing my mouth.-K.F.C. (Korean Fried Chicken)- 3-stars- A hearkening back to other Korean Fried Chicken I've had, the sauce was familiar to my mouth. It was just spicy enough, some bites actually delivering more kick than others. Glazed perhaps too heavily to retain the fried aspect.Ultimate Mac and Cheese- 5-stars- The aged cheddar was just strong enough to have a bold flavor. The sauce was made creamy and almost delicate, but delicious. Even though the cheese is beautiful, the addition of the snow crab and chorizo sausage made it exquisite. I'm not even sure you need the chorizo, but it seems Italian meats figure prominently in many of their dishes. The deep flavor of the sausage does give your mouth surprises in contrast to the sweetness of the crab.House Special- "Washington-state Manila clams in white wine with chorizo, roasted fennel, chickpeas, house focassia and harissa aioli"- 4 1/2-stars- The clams were cooked in a sweet sauce, falling easily out of their shells. The sausage was again an addition which surprised me. Tasting the focassia with the creamy pink sauce, I was in Heaven. The sauce was decadent. I had to savor those bites, since this was not my order.Better Than Mom's Meatloaf- 4-stars- I had one spoonful of this meatloaf, and it was wonderful. The flavor was strong, sweet, salty and bold. I'm not sure I could overload on that much meat, with the fried egg and fries, but the flavor was right on. The flavor of their pancetta is what made the meatloaf unbelievable. I'm getting an idea they cure and make their meats in-house. Very good for the real carnivore.After School Special- 4-stars- The tomato soup was great. The one who ordered it kept saying, "Try the frappuccino soup, it's delicious." I think that's what she said, because the texture was almost whipped. It came with some gruyere sandwiches which I didn't get to try, but I have enough experience with that cheese to know it would definitely match.The Bloody Martini- 3 1/2-stars- I don't drink too much, but when I do, I often turn to bloody mary. This one had a solid flavor, the citrus orange was not buried but layered and present with every sip. The level of spice was just right. Reading reviews, we stayed away from the fruitiest drinks.Atmosphere- The look of this place fits what I've been looking for in Hawaii for a long time. I've needed a lounge that isn't too much of a nightclub. The walls do indeed have black flocked feel to them. We had a cozy seat in the corner, where you can see the DJ--yes, the naked lady pics were above our head. The various design pieces were well chosen and mixed well with the over-all theme. The restrooms are also themed to match--the one with the kitty for women, and the rooster for men; you can translate these images. I always appreciate when effort it put into restrooms.Service- Wonderful service. They were very helpful, without hovering over us. I saw at least four different people serving our table, with one main waiter. We thoroughly enjoyed their fashionable outfits as well. This is a place you can tell the people enjoy working there.Conclusion- Cool, somewhat hidden location. For eaters, go when they open. DJ starts at 10pm, when it's harder to have casual conversations, and the crowd mixes up a bit more. Their meals are crafted with a level of flavored decadence and expense, so don't come starving. If you like grazing on great food, this is an awesome place to come with friends.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,10/21/2010,680,99,5,4,3>okonomiyaki: a slight tongue twister but a total tongue pleaser in my mouth, tastebuds that is! i've heard people call it "japanese pizza" but to me it's more like if an omelet (cuz you can put pretty much anything in it) and pancake (cuz of the batter, yet it's not exactly sweet or fluffy) mated in a frying pan. okay that's a weird visual but you just gotta try it!the setting is similar to other teppanyaki places like Tanaka of Tokyo or Kobe Steakhouse, where diners are seated around a large flat griddle and watch the chef prepare their meal, but don't expect any flaming onion volcanoes or flipping shrimp tails in your pocket. our chef hardly said anything at all but concentrated on making sure our orders were correct and to our liking. hubby and i shared a prawn and bacon oko with the traditional yummy toppings (get them all, they complete the flavorful experience), juicy sirloin steak, and pork-wrapped onion with shiso (my least favorite dish of the night). in osaka we only had one choice (bacon) but here there's a crazy awesome list, from mochi and cheese to scallops, kim chee and corn! i MUST go back to try more oko combinations, yakisoba and teppanyaki! in fact i wonder if they can make an oko with yakisoba mixed in it, hmm... would that make it an okonomiyakisoba?! :Dour server was nice altho she didn't know her liquor very well, price was decent for waikiki and how full we were when we left, and when i go back i'll prolly raise my rating to 5 stars if the food is as oishi as this past time. Chibo, cheehoo!!
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,10/20/2010,360,130,10,7,7>Okay, I'm back from my little hiatus. I gotta start off with Caffe Grazie.Geez, I have to reiterate that you downtown people have it good. This is the third or fourth place I've fallen in love with that is in the heart of downtown and is closed by 3pm, wtf.So, after you pay like a gazillion dollars for parking - or if you are so lucky to work in downtown, just walk there. You'll find Caffe Grazie on a terrace below ground level.Be prepared to witness what a SERIAL KILLER or an OVERGROWN 6 YEAR-OLD GIRL's home may look like. I'm telling you, it's kinda creepy... or cute. I'm not sure. Manikins, dolls, mirrors... I'm weird so I loved it.I got the last panini special - which was turkey, veggies, and ARTICHOKE HEARTS. It was delish - how can you go wrong with paninis, let alone paninis with artichokes. Service was with a smile - which you may also find creepy given the context of the environment you are in. But honestly, these were good and friendly people. Yay for weird people and good food. Bring it on, downtown, I WANT MORE.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,10/19/2010,208,45,16,6,5>First off, I am Korean, and no one makes Korean food better than my mama! BUT I come here about once a week. Go figure haha. Honestly in my opinion, the food isn't SUPER DUPER good. Just good. The reason this place is awesome though, is because the prices are CHEAPPPP!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHH5 bucks for soondooboo"??? 5 bucks for meat jun?? 9 bucks for soondooboo and a piece of fish???? How can you go wrong. There is this one waiter guy there who looks like he hates life though. I always try to throw in the sly korean fellow country man comment action, but he shafts me hard! I've never seen his teeth. I am thinking he doesn't have any, which is the reason he doesn't smile. If I had no teeth I would do the same!Moving on to food. It is pretty good tasting for how much you pay for it. I usually get kongbeejee or mixed soondooboo. It is yummy and stuff.Side dishes always change when we go, and rice is pretty much all you can eat. Too bad I can't take advantage of it though, as my tummy is already 8 months pregnant action. Oh oh oh and the ajjuma is super nice and sweet too. She is always smiling and giving me more rice even though I tell her she is one of the reasons I am getting rounder!Overall, this place is a DEAL!!!! Come here for some cheap Korean food that tastes good and is good for yo wallet!!!!
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,10/18/2010,128,129,4,8,7>When it comes to burgers there are three categories for a foodie like myself. 1. Fast Food Chain (In and Out, Wendy's, McDonalds), 2. Diner or restaurant, (Likelike, Chilis, Rubee Tuedays)  3. Specialty Burger Restaurant. (Kuaaina, The Counter, Burgers on the Edge) Teddy's Bigger Burgers falls under number 3 but Teddy's can basically beat the living daylights of any restaurant in the other categories. I would have to say that this is my pick for the best in Hawaii for a great burger and I LOVE burgers.           What I love about this place is that it is like a 50s burger joint with a lot of local flare. Best way I can put it, I don't feel like I have the restaurant forcing mainland culture on me. The burgers are made of Chuck so its nice and flavorful.  The patty is cooked to a perfect medium rare and its juicy and kind of crumbles in every bite. This basically means no major fillers. Just meat.           Teddy's has a special sauce with is sweet and savory. Like a mustard and relish combined. it reminds me of Byron's Drive in but more mellow rather than dominate.       The choices that they have here are amazing.  There is your traditional cheeseburger or you can go crazy with a ton of toppings.  I have had the cheeseburger, chili burger, Spud Burger, Pastrami burger, Avocado burger, Kilauea Burger, and the Hangover.  This was eaten over a long period of time or else I would not be writing this review and I would probably be dead from a heart attack. All are very good to excellent. I know people ask, " With all those toppings, how do you taste the burger?" That's the beauty of Teddy's.  The burger still shines with all these toppings. The Spud burger is the most interesting. It has a Hash Brown in the middle of the burger. I highly suggest you eat this FRESH or the Hash brown becomes soggy and you lose the effect of its crunch with your burger.        I have to write a separate piece for the Hangover.  A great movie, now a great burger.  This monstrosity is a new item to the menu and Its called that because it has so much toppings it hangs over. It has pastrami, bacon, hash brown, and a cheese sauce.  I was just so amazed at how everything just came together. I could taste the savoriness of the salt cured pastrami, the crunch of the hash brown and bacon, along with the smooth flavor of the cheese sauce and Teddy's special sauce. Here is the amazing part for me. All those flavors basically complimented the main attraction, which was the burger.  Teddy's really gets it right.  Now I wouldn't suggest this mutation of a burger all the time but I loved it. Now I can feel my heart slowing down.     The fries are great. Crispy and it tastes even better with cheese sauce or chili. Once again you have to eat it fresh or it will lose its charm as a great potato fry.Parking is ok here but you may have to park on the street.  Ambiance - Like a 50s Diner. It can get REALLY crowded so good luck in finding seats.       Everyone I have brought here loves it here. Only one person did not like it because he was drunk. So what Im saying is that basically you have to be drunk not to like this place. I highly recommend this place.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,10/17/2010,419,552,10,11,10>Came here for dinner this past weekend.  Place was nicely crowded, however they have more space now with covered umbrellas near the entrance, a party room (holds 35) and the regular restaurant with indoor/outdoor options.Owner greeted us eagerly, shook our hands and sat us immediately.  Place looks good, more vibrant and festive.  We sat outside on the balcony.  Our beautiful waitress offered to open our wine and quickly brought wine glasses.  She asked us what the word decoy meant (the name of our brought cabernet sauvignon).  Not wanting to give her false information, we asked her to bring us some samosas, allowing some iPhone research and time to respond.  Samosas were lovely with the accompanying garlic, yogurt, mint sauce.  We answered our waitress' decoy inquiry as:  "Dutch kooi means 'cage' (it comes from Latin cavea 'cage', source of English cage). The term came to be applied specifically to a pond which had been surrounded with nets into which wildfowl were lured for capture."  (*Readers Note:  You will owe me if you win Double Jeopardy).Satisfied, she took our order of ground lamb (forgot the name, but amazing dish with brilliant seasoning and spiced perfectly); our favorite, the Chicken Tikka Madras; and the Saag Paneer (spinach w/ cheese).  Fantastic selection that complemented each other nicely.  The Chicken Tikka Madras' broth alone is phenomenal!  No dessert, we left content and pleasantly surprised that everything seemed better than before.  A perfect night where everything harmonized flawlessly.  A cherished moment.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,10/16/2010,40,210,6,11,12>I was filled with extremely high expectations since Iron Chef Morimoto has been my favorite Iron Chef throughout the Japanese and American TV series.  I definitely was not disappointed!For appetizers I had the Morimoto Sashimi, Pork Gyoza and assorted Nigiri. The Morimoto Sashimi platter was different from any Sashimi platter I've ever had.  It was six stacked peices of salmon, maguro, hamachi and pork belly. Each piece than had it's own little topping and was accompanied by FIVE different sauces in cool little squirt vials. It was a fun experience experimenting with the different sauces. The fish was fresh and tasted great. Presentation was excellent as expected. Definitely a must order item. The pork gyoza was served under a translucent flavored dome. Totally cool. It was nicely flavored and went well with the tomato sauce and bacon cream. The assorted nigiri was fresh and came with generous sized portions of seafood. For my entree I had the surf and turf which came with fingerling potatoes over purple yam mash, morimoto style poke with avocado wasabi sorbet and a nice wagyu filet.  My steak was cooked to perfection and eveything went well together. They even include a kelp tea thing for a palate cleanser to keep the surf and turf flavors seperate. For desert I had the Peanut Butter bomb and tried some of my friends Green Tea Haupia cookie thing. They were both yummy and tasted different from your standard run of the mill deserts. I can't wait to try the other ones they offer. Morimoto Waikiki is definitely worth the hype and a must try!  The prices seem pretty reasonable too considering the caliber of food being served. Seeing him in the kitchen was an experience in itself. You can tell Cheft Morimoto is passionate about his food.  5+ stars!
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,10/15/2010,392,296,6,12,12>What else can I say about this WINNER place but WOW.  I was first impressed by the very quaint and charming looks of the place.  Not really that small at all.  There was about 10 tables of 4 inside and could easily fit a party of 8 and many more in the restaurant.  The salsa ((now seriously Banditos you better step it up)) was a winner!!!  So ono and fresh tasting.  Fresh cilantro and chunks of onion and tomato!  AHHHHHHThe TV was playing a mexican talk show/game show which entertained us while we wolfed down a huge chimichanga and a "dos" special of a burrito and enchilada.  Delicious to say the very least.  I have been seriously trying to find a good mexican restuarant and this one is IT!  Check the pics....SO good!  Even the tomatoes and lettuce was a winner....The hot sauce was HOT!  I tasted habanero and some citrus and then came the FIRE!  WHOA!  It was good but made me SWEAT!Of course we had to end with the fried ice cream....dang....(check the pic)....A nice way to end the meal.....The wait staff was kind, attentive, and answered all our questions.  We will SO be back again soon.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2010,10/14/2010,173,319,4,5,8>Wandered on down to this gem for the unofficial "after party" of the Yelptoberfest with some awesome yelpers and we had a jolly good time!The crowd here that night was small and chill.  The DJ was rocking out some good old school tunes which made me want to get my jiggy on!! I held back though, didn't wanna get too nuts after my first yelp event. I sampled a piece of pizza that I think Mike S. ordered, LOVED IT! I've been wanting to come back to this place to  try more of their pizzas, because they're a creative mixture of different flavors and I love the crispy thin crusts. Since we came on a wednesday night, THE night they have their beer tastings, I looked at their beer tasting menu from earlier and what did i find???? *a dark chocolate ROUGE stout! So we ordered it and it was magic!  As a chocolate lover I tasted swirls of the dark chocolate and hints of bitterness. Now my beer palate is still learning but i do have to say this pricey beer was a definite WINNER!! *Other than spending more time with my new yelpy friends, sharing drinks and stories, my favorite part of Bar 35 was: SMURFS playing on the big screen! Definitely taking it back to the old school days right?? Thank you Bar 35 for great tunes, beer, shots, and great ambiance!*Going back again with my bartender cousin for some beer tasting & pizza, very very soon!
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,10/13/2010,376,199,13,14,12>I believe we live life to experience and the Thai Buddhist Temple of Hawaii is truly a place to be experienced.  Let me start by saying that I'm Buddhist; I like outdoor potluck's; and if someone tells me to turn right, I will turn left if I think it will get me to the same destination in a more interesting way.I read reviews on the Thai Buddhist Temple by two of my Yelp friends and on a whim, decided to experience the food, the temple, the Buddhism and the people of this very unique place with one of my other Yelp friends.  With just a vague memory of where this place was, we headed out to Pearl City to find this Temple.  Let's see...It is somewhere below Kamehameha Highway and Waimano Home Road.There it is, I see the sign.  OK, my first impression.  This is nothing like the LDS Morman Temple in Laie and will never be a tourist attraction.  My second impression.  This has the feel of a single family dwelling with a carport that is owned by a family that likes to have a few beers under a tent after work.  We got there a little after 12:30 and it did cross my mind that maybe we were in the wrong driveway and were crashing someone's baby luau.  The folding tables and folding chairs, that were obviously from Costo, the swap meet tent setup; well this is a church that doesn't like to spend money on making architectural statements.I felt better when we turned the corner and saw two monks in orange robes counseling some disciples.  There was a long buffet table set up in typical potluck arrangement with an assortment of pots, bowls, tubs filled with Thai soups, rice, noodles, chicken and pork dishes, vegetables, fruit, Thai coffee and tea and of course the typical potluck flies.  There were these very helpful Thai ladies behind the table serving and answering any questions we had about each dishes.  I thought it important that I mention that I was Buddhist but they still gave me the same amount of food and charged me the same as my partner for each different selection.  But then, I wasn't really keeping track of how much each dish was costing because I sincerely wanted to do my part in helping them build a real garage or lanai to replace their tent.  I even left them a .3% of my monthly income tip (donation).We sat to eat and we both thought the food was delicious.  I felt like we were eating home cooked Thai food at a typical Thai potluck.After our lunch we decided to explore the temple.  There was something going on but we didn't know what.  Then we found this great room with a giant, golden sitting Buddha.  We respectfully bowed and entered the room but then like tourist starting taking picture of me in front of the Buddha and we, in front of the Buddha.  Maybe we shouldn't have, but that Buddha, the altar and the chanting in the background were really cool.I asked some questions and found out that they have this buffet every Sunday (starts at 9:30 A.M.) and sometimes Saturday's.  I told them how pleased we were to experience this place and before I left I felt it my duty as a Buddhist to bow and recited the Jodo Shu Nembutsu ten times. My friend and I were so glad I decided to turn left and not right to Second Street from Lehua (Waimano Home Road turns into Lehua below Kamehameha Highway).  A noble truth (Mine and not the Buddha's), live life to experience!  I give this temple experience 5 enlightening stars.P.S.  This is the most unique food, cultural and religious discovery that I have made through Yelp!  I must thank my Yelp friends for stirring my interest because of their reviews.P.P.S.  Did I mention that there were young Thai women that are Buddhist. They make it difficult to have the "right thought and concentration" for those that follow the Eightfold Path.P.P.P.S.  The ratings have all been "5" stars so far.  I think  the first person that leaves a rating of less than "5" stars will be a ....Christian.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2010,10/12/2010,357,142,8,16,13>Maybe my rating for this place is so high because 1) the owner of this little salon was super nice 2) the manicurist was super talented and 3) this is a small business struggling to survive but they have some interesting business ideas in hopes of building a new niche in the beauty industry. I don't know if my rating is honest because I am distracted by the friendliness of the owner and my bleeding heart for new small businesses, but the manicurist's talent and nice ambiance was also there. I called Nail Garage after seeing their interesting, yet rather discreet, blue sign on King Street (close to the Paris Luxury bag store on Keeaumoku). They were advertised on Craigslist, and there were weekly specials/discounts and offers to host parties with a host of different services. I went on their student Friday, I called an hour and a half before with no problems.The manicure was $15, the mani/pedi combo is $35. The only nail polish brand they had was China Glaze. I know they offer a bunch of specials, the student special was 10% off of all services.Nail Garage is not a typical "Asian" salon, the owner installed sinks instead of those foot tub thingies that other salons have. Everything was very clean, and they have wine bar/soda/water/tea/coffee options.The manicurist was quiet but very professional and she took her time. Well, maybe she took her time because there was no one else there except me, the owner, and herself, but I don't care. She was a great masseuse and massaged each arm for 5 minutes each! She just took her time, and I'm one of those people that like when I get my money's worth instead of trying to rush through a service. My nails came out great, and she listened to what I wanted unlike other manicurists that I've had before.Here's the kicker: the place is not going to survive if no one goes to support this small business. The owner spoke to me during and after the manicure, and she is a passionate and hard working business owner. She took a lot of care to set up her store, understands nails, and had so many good ideas for her business. So...if you're looking for a new place to try out, why not try out Nail Garage? If you don't like it, you don't have to go back and you can yelp about how much you disagree with me. If you don't go, you'll always wonder if my review is accurate. Plus, speaking in Yelp terms, you could do fellow Yelpers a favor by reviewing Nail Garage and adding one more review on your path towards Yelp Elite '11!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,10/11/2010,144,174,16,13,9>The debate continues.   Is it Mitch's or Sasabune?   Well, they both are great but it's certainly a matter of personal preference.   Do you prefer fresh sushi with added flavor that complements the seafood or do you prefer fresh sushi whose flavor is entirely the seafood itself?   I prefer the former and therefore I like Sasabune more.   For instance, at Sasabune, the salmon was prepared with a thin piece of kelp and toasted sesame seeds. While at Mitch's, the salmon was just the salmon on rice. Both were extremely fresh but the one at Sasabune had more depth to it.I had been to Sasabune before, so it was time to try Mitch's.  My friend and I made a reservation (a must) in this restaurant with 3 tables for a total of 10 seats plus 5 seats at the counter.   Since we were the first patrons there, the waitresses were clearly anxious to start the spending, so they came out and asked us at least 5 times in 5 minutes whether we were ready to order.   Once they had an understanding that we would order when we were ready, the order process worked out fine.Sushi we had:Fatty toro (not the waitress), uni, sweet shrimp, unagi, yellowtail, sea bass, papio, salmon, and spicy tuna roll.All were good, but our favorites were the papio, toro, unagi, and the uni.Also, keep in mind it's BYOB.Remember that you are in an industrial area of Honolulu, populated with ghetto drivers.  As we were leaving a guy in a truck attempted to cut us off to make a left turn and almost killed us in the process.   He started swearing at us because he was convinced that a driver turning left has the right of way compared to a driver going straight, but we solved the altercation by throwing some stink natto in his face.   He let out a horrible scream and we left our experience at Mitch's very satisfied.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,10/10/2010,272,312,12,13,14>I showed up exactly at Ah-Lang's opening time for dinner, but the store was locked and dark. Waiting a few minutes and the owner strolled in. Here's where it gets interesting, the owner gave me her cell number and told me to call her if I'm ever waiting outside again. Ah-Lang is a small comfy place ran by a single person. My friend and I ordered the kalbi, meat jun, and kim chee fried rice. Each dish was generous in size, decently prized, and most importantly tasted excellent (although I wasn't a fan of the carrots in the kim chee fried rice, but I'll live). Thankful I was able to eat here when there was only 10 reviews on Yelp and still "under the radar", so it was not crowded and the food came out quickly. The owner will definitely be hit or miss with certain people with the loud talking, asking you to take your food off from the tray, and to serve your own water. I personally enjoyed talking with her, and listening to her talk about how she scares off too many customers. So why 5 stars? 4 stars for the pricing, quantity, and quality of food, and the 5th star for a hardworking and energetic owner.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/14/2010,10/9/2010,111,185,4,10,6>Fried chicken and waffles might sound like an odd mix unless you're a fan of Southern food.  At first I thought fried chicken and waffles were too similar with both being fried, but the unlikely combo is all about the yin and yang of sweet and savory, chewy and crunchy.  When ordering they told us that it would be 20 minutes for the chicken, which seemed reasonable since they were busy and assumed they ran out.  However, once we got the chicken we were expecting it to be just out of the fryer and nuclear hot - it was not.  In fact it was already cool enough to eat without caution, so I don't understand the 20 minute wait.The chicken thighs are huge and golden brown.  The chicken itself is nicely seasoned, but nothing I would call special.  It comes with a couple ounces of brown gravy in a small plastic cup.  The gravy is tasty but certainly not enough to smother the three huge pieces, so I had to resort to tearing pieces off and dunking it in the gravy.  I just wanted to tuck into it, but having to ration the gravy kind of irked me.  One of the large thighs that my friend had was quite under done, they were very apologetic, and promptly gave him another one.  The manager (or owner) came around to our table to make sure the new piece was fully cooked, and also asked me if mine were okay too.  He again apologized and explained to us that some thighs are larger than others and will remind the cooks to leave the larger ones in the fryer longer.  I appreciated the extra effort.With so much fried chicken being eaten it's easy to imagine crumbs everywhere, but the diligent staff were continually wiping the tables and sweeping the floors which kept the eating area neat and clean.Individually nothing blows me away, but what will bring me back is the combination of food, excellent customer service, and cleanliness.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,10/8/2010,31,112,6,8,7>SIX BITES! That's all it took to down the delicious tacos I ordered in this food stand which left me wanting more. Here's how it went down...Driving down on Beretania Street towards Ward area from school I saw a sign that says "Tasty Asian Style Tacos Eatery." My curiosity & hunger combined immediately made me turn to the parking lot where this place was located and get lunch. I wanted to get one of everything in their menu but being skeptical and budget conscious, I decided to simply try two of their tacos. I ordered the mahi-mahi w/ green onions, ginger sauce and miso dressing for $3.25 and the rib eye w/ kalbi marinade and wasabi dressing for $2.75 to go. While the tacos were a bit small in size, it was packed with flavor especially the rib eye w/ kalbi marinade and wasabi dressing. a decent portion of kalbi marinated rib eye combined with the veggies and wasabi dressing gives the taco the right balance of flavor with a little "kick." The mahi-mahi w/ green onion, ginger sauce and miso dressing, on the other hand was okay. However, it seems a little too oily and the fish was a bit overcooked which made it a bit dry. I still enjoyed it and would order it again but I would probably try other tacos in the menu given the opportunity.My two tacos came up to $6 which I believe is pretty reasonable and affordable, in my opinion. Like I said in the beginning, it took six bites to finish off the tacos. I guess that's a $1 per bite which is way worth it!
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,10/7/2010,169,446,2,8,4>Before I wax poetic about all the things I love about this place, lemme start out with the bad, that way I can end it on a positive note.The Bad:1.  Took forever to be seated even though there was a table available.2.  Took forever to order once we were seated.3.  They ran out of restaurant week dishes two hours after opening for service.4.  (PET PEEVE ALERT!!!) Timing of dishes was off.  We ordered an app to share and two entrees.  First dish to come out was the pasta entree.  Then five min later the second entree.  Coming in last was the appetizer.  Sorta defeats the purpose of ordering an app if you're going to get it all at once.  In fairness, waiter did warn that he was going to bring things out of order because the kitchen was taking too long for dishes to finish up and he didn't want the dishes that were ready to get cold.  C'mon, kitchen staff!Whew, so all that bitching, yet still I'm a fan and will be back again.  Why?  Because there's a huge wine selection, and the food and wine that we got was so good that it didn't ruin our dinner date.  The Good:1.  The Argentinian Chianti that we ordered was really really really nice.2.  Oxtail pasta: rich hearty sauce with bits of tender ox tail meat with perfectly al dente pasta.  3. Cioppino:  Classic tomato based broth was very flavorful without tasting fishy.  Big shrimp, mussels and a bit of dungeness  crab. The crab was shell on, so was a bit of a mess but was so good that I just dug right in to get every morsel out.  After eating everything, we made sure to sponge up all the delicious broth with the bread, not to miss a single drop.4.  Ravioli:  Good cheese filled ravioli, my date really liked it.5.  Dessert:  Least memorable part. We got a strawberry ricotta that was tasty though not spectacular.6.  Friendly service.  They were busy but very nice.7.  Good ambience.8.  Lots of other things on menu that look awesome: short ribs!Just loved loved loved the ox tail pasta and cioppino though, so it will be hard to try new things because I want them again.  Hoping to update to 5 stars soon!
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,10/6/2010,1,11,25,11,13>So my wife calls me at work and says "Have you ever heard of Alicia's Market on Mokauea Street?" I answer no, and she says "Swing by there on the way home and pick up some teri beef or Kal Bi to grill and get some poke too, I'll make a pot of rice."I pull up to Alicia's Market, park in the last available stall (there's only 4), and walk in. This place is like a small grocery mart in the middle of an industrial area where nobody has purchased any of their canned goods for the past 20 years. I no kid you when I say that, the tops of the cans are actually rusted!I head to the back of the store and that's where all the good stuff is. roast pork, char siu, turkey tails and quite the selection of poke and marinated meats that are just waiting to be thrown onto a hot hibachi.So I ask for two pounds of teri ribeye steaks and the guy behind the counter says "Ok, bumbai... try dis" and he hands me a tooth pick with a piece of poke on it. I pop it in my mouth and it's really good. I ask "What is that?" he says "wasabi masago ahi poke." Ok, I say, I'll take a pound of that too. He says, "Ok, bumbai... Try dis" another tooth pick and another "Yum!" smoked tako poke, "Ok, give me a pound of that too!While he's putting my order together, he hands me some boiled peanuts that are still piping hot... "Give me a pound of those too" I say while grabbing a 12 pack of Coors Light from the reach in cooler. As I'm walking to the cashier at the front of the store, this guy is still trying to get me to sample more of his goodies. "Dude, you gotta get away from me... I goin go broke already!"$54 later I'm heading home with some great stuff for dinner... I highly recommend this place. Just be prepared for the up-sell. This guy is a master sales person and it's obvious that he enjoys what he is doing... To you!
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,10/5/2010,54,60,10,9,9>"Fat Boys, Fat Boys. Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do when we come for you?" That's what a friend and I was singing in the car when we decide to hit this place up. I ordered a bento. Garlic chicken, teriyaki beef, fried fish (idk what type it was), a Redondo's hot dog, spam, a slice of daikon and on top of rice that's been generously sprinkled with furikake. When I payed for my meal, there was a question in front of the register "Why do seagulls live by the sea?" Asked the counter help if this was an actual question. She said it was a riddle. Pondered the riddle as I waited for my food. Then I gave up, google searched it on my phone.... The garlic chicken was genius. Crispy and tasty. To compare it to some place like Mitsuken would misleading, because they different in their own way. Teri beef was good too. They must have used a really good sirloin because it was pretty tender. That teriyaki marinade was delicious, especially on the rice. The fried fish was ok. It was flaky. I totally forgot about the tartar sauce, so I ate it dry. Spam and the Redondo's hot dog, of course it was good! It's a staple in Oahu's bentos! I can't say HI's cause it seems that Kauai would chose gotoberg over spam.... Rice liberally covered with furikake of course was good. Before I left, I told the counter help I knew the answer and said it was more of joke than a riddle, yet it was still fun. The answer is, "Because if they live by a bay, they would be called bay-gulls (bagels)!" Hahaha!
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2010,10/4/2010,291,92,7,13,9>What's better than a hole in the wall place? Nothing.If anyone has been damn LUCKY enough to eat at a plain looking tiny closet called Super fusion in Boston where the sushi taste like heaven, this place is its Vietnamese cuisine's twin.The owner is so friendly and easy to talk to.  She took 30 years to perfect her pho recipe and it hasn't gone in vain! THE BEST pho I have ever tasted in my life!! I thought I was in Vietnam but better.  Fresh ingredients and none of that pre-combined packet stuff.  This is the real deal bone marrow broth.  It's healthy and not oily.  The best part is the beef! Oh so tender.  I love beef but the chicken pho also brought a smile to my tummy.  Not dry or smelly like some places.  I also tried the vietnamese style sandwich...what the locals might call the Ba-Le sandwich.  It was so good!!  The owner makes her own homemade vietnamese roast pork which she calls char sui.  I've been drooling and salivating for a good one after the one I had at Saigon Sandwich in SF (yelp.com/biz/saigon-sand…) and I found one here! The only tear? They didn't have pate.  I wish I just bought some on the way over and added it into my banh mi.  Nonetheless, it satisfied the craving I had for the last 3 months.Every thing is so cheap! Where else can you get a gourmet good sized bowl of pho for 6.50? That was like when lunch plates used to be $5!It's a little bit outside of chinatown but not far.  Best part about it not being smack dab in the middle of chinatown? There's parking right in front! =)  The place is small so if you're coming with a large party, maybe call in advance.  It's open kitchen and is it clean!! The most clean kitchen and restaurant I've ever seen especially it being Vietnamese if you know what I mean!  I've worked in a lot of restaurants, I know what  goes down in the back.  The owner gets mad props for being the chef, cashier, dish washer and entertainer.  This is truly a hidden treasure!  Who would have thought such good food comes out of such a small and plain place?
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,10/3/2010,265,441,15,9,6>What can I say about OTTO cakes... not much considering the place is about the size of a walk in closet - unless I'm missing something.I walked in expecting something edgy, classy and awesome all rolled into one, but I think I only ended up with edgy and only a sprinkle of awesome. I only had four bucks with me, and since OTTO follows route with every other local establishment on O'ahu - they're CASH ONLY. Party foul, but hey they're a small business so its all good. I ask what I can get for four bucks and got the response, "Not cheesecake!"...Ok, all I see in front of me is a half empty refrigerated case filled with half cut cheesecake - Must be good if your running low on what appears to be your only product... so I take a breath and ask, "Ok, so what do you have for four bucks?" and I get led to a box, about fourteen inches high and un-refridgerated - we have brownies and cupcakes... ...the case was "filled" with about four cupcakes, three brownies and several wrapped mystery brownies. Brownies were 2 bucks and mystery brownies were cheaper... because they were smaller.  Two, Two dollar brownies I guessI was about to give up on this place, It just wasn't what I imagined. I've seen their stuff at Fresh Café and was wondering what the connection was - I still hadn't figured it out, but then I ate the brownie. If love, ecstasy and peace on earth were a chocolate confection it'd be that Fu*king brownie... too bad I ate it and the world is still in peril.Now I need to go back and try that $5 cheese cake. If it's half as good as the brownie is, Ill have to bring a spare pair of underwear.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,10/2/2010,75,169,3,9,3>If you come here...Get the Ahi Salad with an extra dressing.... It has the most flavor and the most "BANG for your Buck" because you get way more ahi in the salad than if you ordered other luch plates...Yes they give so much ahi that sometimes I cant finish all of it and have to take it home...and that's saying a lot cause I can eat A LOT... FORGET THE OTHER FANCY SCHMACY Furikakae crusted STUFF THEY HAVE. You will thank me later. This is such a perfect lunch... One of my favorite lunch spots actually!!!There is a generous amount of ahi given and you can specify rare, med, or well-done ahi.... I've been here at least half a dozen times and the salad is always just what the Dr. ordered... Ask for 2 dressings.. because the 1 they give you is not enough...its a  special  house-made citrus vinagrette that is oh so thick (emulsified) & tangy,  and still remains a mystery how they can make it taste like its so lite and healthy! I am dying to get the recipe for this Ahi Salad Dressing! (Still obsessed with this vinagrette)I tried the calamari and it was ok. It cost  2 dollars and some change for a side of calamari... i thought mines was a bit salty and greasy.. but shoot it was cheap so I cant complain. I also ordered a Furikake Seared Ahi.. it was cooked too much and way on the dry side and nowhere near as good as the salad...and I gave that to my bf instead heheheeeee =p Also tried the Fish and Chips... Yummy! The sauce is home made and sooooo ONO.... perfect blend of creamy and not to oily. There is definately some fresh herbs blended in there..wow every sauce they make is just soooo good.. how do they do that? Who is the genious who invented these sauces? I need to find out!..Only complaint is that there is only 1 piece of fried fish in the Fish and Chips. WTF??? ( about a 5 oz portion of fish..a little bigger than a deck of cards) Not enough fish for like 8 bucks!The fish and Chips is kind of a rip off even though it tastes great.I say: GET AHI SALAD!!
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,10/1/2010,165,48,6,6,6>uncle clay deserves a billion stars.  this review won't do justice in praising him and what he has done for the community.  why can't more business owners be like him?i have been going to uncle clay for years... not for the snacks (although it is delicious and now he even has his own picture on his label- i love it!), but because of the way i feel after i leave.  it's like leaving a best friends house after a great conversation:  uplifted, rejuvenated, and happy.  :)if you haven't met uncle clay yet, i highly highly recommend you visit him ASAP.  his love for people is endless and he will immediately accept you into his ohana.  you will become addicted to his free spirit, his positivity, his faith, and his warm smile.  it's hard for those mom & pop stores to last, especially in these hard economic times.  but uncle clay has been fighting the odds.  13 years and counting.  so drop by, say hi, and go support him!  oh and while you're at it~ get the hawaiian superman/woman magical icee.  he will even bless you with his little chant.  :P
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,9/30/2010,65,50,6,6,6>Hidden behind a large pillr across a Dairy Queen and the ubiquitous Blazin' Steaks, Diem Cafe is easy to pass up.  With only its name lit up on a thinly-scripted neon sign and two small windows, you may question if you can get a good meal from this little place.  And the answer is, Most definitely!I dawdled between the two windows, trying to make a decision from scanning the menu and looking at the pictures.  I chose what was pictured first, the Garlic Shrimp plate, which came with sticky rice and tossed salad.  I also opted to add 2 pieces of Chicken Spring Rolls (you can also choose Summer Rolls with Chicken, Shrimp, or and I think Beef), for 50 cents.  50 cents?!  That's hard to say no to.I walked up to the Order Here window and stood there for a few seconds.  A guy with long side-swept bangs that reached his eyes literally jumped up and greeted me.  He gave me a slight heart attack because I didn't see him at all.  My plate with the side of 2 spring rolls came out to a total of $8.22.As I sat at the nearest table to wait, I heard the sound of something hitting very hot oil.  It was comforting to know that they just didn't have bunches of spring rolls previously fried under warmers for only-God-knows-how-long. Then the smell of garlic started wafting through the air and I couldn't wait for my lunch.I had just settled in comfortably with my iPod when I saw the guy putting my plate in the Pick up Here window.  He asked me if chopsticks were okay, to which I said of course.  Styrofoam plate, napkins, hashi... Soup spoon?  Then he placed a small styrofoam cup on top.  "A little tapioca for dessert," he said.  Oh how sweet!  It wasn't written anywhere on the menu, so it was a nice surprise, even though I'm not always a fan of tapioca.  And a little portion cup of sweet chili sauce for my spring rolls.As I opened up my plate, I understood why 2 pieces were just 50 cents.  It's essentially 1 spring roll that they cut in half, but I gladly welcome any fried crunchy vehicle to dunk into sweet chili sauce.  The tossed salad was fresh and colorful, with varying greens from iceberg lettuce and cucumber halves, to julienned carrots and daikon.  It was drizzled with the tasty oriental dressing that seemed like my mom's favorite from Costco.  The shrimp featured slices of onions and was covered in a slightly sweet red garlic sauce, nicely arranged over some sticky rice.  (They were quite adamant about having the sticky rice labeled as such, as it was on the menu and even on one of the pictures.)  The tapioca was sweet,creamy, and had slices of bananas in it.Everything was delicious, and that's all I needed, especialy after my craptacular day at school.  I had missed out on 3 parking stalls, forgot my wallet home so I couldn't buy my caffeine fix, spilled my Rice Krispies Treats cereal on the floor, and after 6 hours of class with no long break in-between, I was exhausted and starving.  Thank God for big sisters who can lend you some money!In short, don't forget your wallet, and bring it to Diem Cafe!
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2009,9/29/2010,40,68,7,9,6>I haven't been here in about a year and boy have things changed...for the better. The place has been renovated and the menu has changed a bit. There are a variety of teishoku choices as well as combo plates. They also have some Korean choices because they be Korean peeps running the place. I ordered the saba shioyaki and tenpura combo and it came on a huge tray which included miso soup, salad, and tsukemono. The portions were surprisingly much bigger than you would get anywhere else. Everything was really tasty and seasoned perfectly. The old bat (mom) had won ton min and she really enjoyed it cause the broth was just salty enough. She couldn't finish it so I wolfed it down for her. It was yummy.The negative? They have a sushi menu but they don't serve sushi. Our server said, "we no have today". Today? What day? Anyday? Oh well, no five star for you.Even though the restaurant side was not crowded, I noticed that the okazuya window was really busy. I'll try that next time I need a quick fix.I'm happy that I found another place to eat regularly in Mililani. I hope they are consistent...so far so good.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,9/28/2010,32,630,5,9,5>Came here opening day after seeing it on friday.  The "cafe" is not really a cafe, you just walk up and order.  They have 2 small glass displays that showcase their desserts.  On one side they have little desserts like tarts, "cheesecake" in cups, chocolate mousse, strawberry tapioca, and mini cakes/bars.  On the other side they have some kind of cake cut into the shape of hello kittys face, it looked really yummy and I think i wanna try that next time; theres also cookies and mochi.  They also serve coffee drinks, italian sodas, ice cream sundaes, sandwiches, and fruit cups.  Its a bit pricey for the size of things but its going more on the "fancy"/"gourmet" look. My friend chose to get all 3 flavors of the "cheesecake" cups for $2.95+ each, the flavors were, chocolate, caramel and strawberry.  They were a bit slow taking and preparing our order.  Even though we were like the only customers, they still had to write down our order on their notepad and take a name while the another person took a few long mins just to take out the cheesecake from the case and put them in this big box.  Idk why it took so long cause they didnt have to prepare anything but o wells.  Anyway, the "cheesecake" are just 2 small scoops of cheesecake filling with the topping, a small dollop of cream and a piece of dark chocolate on top.  The cheesecake was thick and flavor wise it was okay, it would have been better if there was some crushed cookies or "crust" in between the scoops just to add some contrast.  Overall a 3.5 until I try more things because they look pretty darn tasty, especially that hello kitty cake which i think might some kind of pound cake or sponge/honey cake...mmm
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,9/27/2010,97,49,5,8,9>Hot Pot Heaven, Prayers from Above!  A small group of friends and I tried to go to the "other" place but we saw the line and didn't want to wait in the 1+ hr line of hungry folks and get RUDE service.  So we drove over to McCully to try Hot Pot Heaven.  There was NO WAIT and we were seated right away.  A PLUS PLUS PLUS.  Mmm...seeing the variety of soups made our mouths water.  We tried the split pot of Thai and Kim Chee broths, hoping to have a mild one and spicy one.  We grabbed our sides of veggies and seafood and anticipated the boiling hot broths to cook our food.  The service was great, our broths came within reasonable time and broths and drinking water refilled constantly.  The kim chee broth wasn't as spicy as we thought, didn't have as much kick.  But the Thai broth, oh it's the BOMB.  It tastes like tom yum soup, I can just drink the whole pot of soup by itself.  The lemongrass and kaffir lime...I'm salivating just thinking about it.   The waiter was very nice and kept checking on us.  He asked us how was it and we gave him honest and good feedback.  Of course everyone compared it with the "other" place and yes they didn't offer free dessert except during their opening week, but they've just been open a lil over 3 weeks and are working on new things.  And of course you can't please them all.  We suggested a variety of potential ideas that they could offer and he was very receptive to our thoughts.  Service and food were great, I will be back and bringing a whole gang load to support Hot Pot Heaven!
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,9/26/2010,588,341,6,7,6>I cannot believe I hail from the eastside but have never been to this place before.  In fact, I once lived in the Haiku neighborhood and have run past this place a hundred times!  I think this is probably the only restaurant of this caliber in Kaneohe.  Over half of the reviews spoke of their amazing prime rib.  Unfortunately, they ran out earlier in the evening but I was able to catch a glimpse of a neighboring table's order and that bugga was HUGE!  MUST come back here for dinner at opening to make sure I get to try that. Nevertheless, I thoroughly enjoyed my steak salad (the meat was spicy and so tender!) and garlic bread was a slab of crispy, buttery, salty deliciousness!  My dining partners enjoyed (as did I by stealing bites) baby back ribs, salmon with pesto, teri steak, fish soup, and SKY HIGH PIE!  Bring your appetites peeps, they are very generous with their portions!Our host kindly informed me of their Monday night football specials... $3.50 sky vodka screwdrivers, $2 Jello shots ...$1 after any interception... Chee HUUU!This place is a hidden gem for sure and was packed for a late Tuesday night.  No wonder. - food and ambiance was awesome.  My new fave place on the windward side!
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,9/25/2010,560,702,3,4,4>This is Big TIme Traditional Sushi. If you look at the Gaan Sushi Website you'll see the variety of fish Imported from Japan. Nothing else in Honolulu is serving this type of Authentic Japanese Experience. If you like Americanized Sushi you probably won't like Gaan.  In fact don't go if Uni , Aged Mackerel (very fishy and only for the Purest) aren't some of your favorite things. Gaan even had Shark Fin Sushi till the recent Hawaii ban (yea!).The Chef ground the fresh Wasabi Root (Japan) on a Shark Skin to create the paste. Our Omakase Menu ($80- pp++, which I felt was a low price for what we received)  consisted of:1. Local Tuna Meatball, Sweet Potato with Balsamic Vinegar, Dried Tofu w/ green beans. (not to scary yet)Now for the Big Time Stuff:2. Stripe Jack, Green Ling, Scallop Sashimi3. Baked Mackerel Sushi (Super Good , and very Fishy + Oily)4. Seafood Chawanmushi w/ Crab Sauce5. Baked Breaded SARDINE w/ Herbs6. Sunomono w/ water sprouts, yam potato, Uni (too die for)7. Flounder, Squid, Scallop, Flounder Fin, Local Tuna, Pickled Local Tuna, Gizzard Shad Salmon Eggs, Bigeye Tuna Hand Roll with Echalote. 8. Egg Omelet. 9. White Fish ball SoupService was supreme.  With Sake $300- for 2 and well worth it!!
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,9/24/2010,779,223,6,9,5>First off, no hot dog joint beats Hot Doug's in Chicago.  The bar has been set.  I while in Chicago of a bunch of hot dog places in Hawaii gaining notoriety namely Puka Dog and Hank's.  Now that I am home (and playhawaii.com had a $15 for $30 worth of Hank's) I was compelled to give it a shot.  Following is an in depth, critical analysis of Hank's.1. The bun.  Hot Doug's has by and far the best tasting hot dog buns on the planet.  Doug believes that the bun should be a key, contributing player in the game of hot dogs.  The Chicago dog @ Hank's has the famous poppy seed bun (probably from S. Rosen) which is the perfect bun for the Vienna beef dog resting comfortably between the poppy seed flanked sides.  As for their generic bun for most other dogs, nothing spectacular (sadly).  I wish they were steamed a bit to soften them up, give them a little heat and moisture.2. The staples: Chicago dog, polish, and chicken.  The Chicago dog, 5 stars, just like home... i mean Chicago.  All the right fixings down to the hard to find but oh so sexy neon green relish (which tastes better than normal relish [mostly because its not oversaturated with soupy relish sauce] kind of like how grilled cheese sandwiches ALWAYS taste better when cut diagonally).  The polish, always a staple, always decent whereever you go.  The chicken dog, now this really surprised me, the meat was pretty juicy and flavorful and the mango relish complimented the chicken very well (i would have liked the mango cut a little smaller).3. The "every other day" options.  So you have your staples, but you also need you "relief pitchers" for the days you're in a funk and a chorizo or andouille is the only things that will get you out.  The chorizo is bomb.  Let me go out on a limb and say, this was very surprising.  Granted it was a little on the dry side, I can deal with that, but the flavors were perfectly matched.  If only they made a longanisa dog....  The andouille is exactly what you would expect from a French quarter staple, spicy, flavorful, ethnic.  Louisiana, a melting pot of Caribbean, French, American, etc, flavors is wrapped up nicely in this dog.  Awesome.4. The "unicorn" dogs.  These are the rarely seen, mythical beings whose tears cure cancer.   I have not tried any yet, however the foie gras and italian beef are on the top of the list.  The italian beef in Chicago was a staple of any college kids diet and I was no exception.  Hopefully it will have those oh so spicy peppers.  The foie gras dog at hot doug's was AMAZING.  Lets see if Hank can hit it out of the park.  On their website  they say they get their kobe dog from snake river farms (i think).  I've ordered some kobe burgers and kobe dogs from them and lets just say, not all hot dogs are created equal.  HOLY COW (literally) this kobe dog is in a league of its own.  Get it.I will be back, over and over again (especially because I have $20 more in gift certificates).
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,9/23/2010,1394,153,11,17,18>Man I can't believe it took me this long to ever come to this place!! I LOVE it!! I went twice in a week and a half!!! I'm addicted now!!Who'd a thunk that this little treasure would be in a crazy decorated hole in the wall restaurant!  Yes, this place is definitely eclectic and the bathroom.....don't even get me started!!  The food is SO good!! The first time, we ordered the Breaded Tofu, Homemade gyoza, New Wave Poke, Seared ahi with Capers, Shrimp and vegetable tempura, and the ever so famous Garlic Ahi and Garlic Crab, then finished off the night with the fried banana & ice cream.The Breaded Tofu was SO good!! The outer crust was very flaky and crunchy, not soggy at all, and the fresh tofu inside was pure heaven.  I loved the sesame teriyaki glaze as well!! It really made the dish!The Gyoza was just ok for me.  It had cheese in it and to me, that just didn't taste that good.  Would pass on this.The New Wave Poke was very flavorful, but definitely not the freshest fish.  It was spicy and had all those good local flavors, but you just can't beat places like Ono Seafood and Alicia's Market!!  Seared Ahi with Capers was really tasty!! I've had seared ahi at some other places and this one is definitely my favorite!! Good flavor, presentation, and quality!Shrimp and Vegetable tempura were nothing special either.  They had a good batter and were fried nicely, but to me, nothing memorable.Now on to "THE BIG GUNS."   What EVERYONE comes here for!! The Garlic Ahi!!! Yes, now this was definitely an amazing dish!! It's drenched in garlic and cooked in butter, oil, and all the things that aren't good for you, but when you put the first bite in your mouth, you seriously forget about all that!! It's such a moist cut of fish and the flavor is soaked through the whole fish!! It tastes like it was marinated for a couple of days in that magical garlic sauce!  THUMBS UP!!Then, as if things couldn't get any better, I tried the crab......now I know they have a big sign in their window that says "Garlic Ahi" and that's what mostly everyone comes there for.  While it is amazing, their Crab that they have is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! It's soaked in that same garlic sauce as the crab and they give you a good amount!!! They have the garlic pieces and the butter sauce all over the pieces of crab.  The crab is in the shell still, but they pre-crack the shells to make it easier to eat.  You still have to work at it some, but if you're smart, you'll go to Williams Sonoma, and get a crab picker ($3), and go to town with this thing!! The method to the madness that I found was to crack open everything and use that amazing tool to get all the crab meat, and put it all on top of your rice.  Then when you're done taking all the crab meat out, pour the garlic sauce over the crab meat and rice, and let it soak for a moment, then eat.  MAGNIFICO!!! You will DIE!!!Then we had the Fried Banana with Ice Cream.  That was SO good!! I would definitely come back for that as well!!SO.....my second time at this HAWAI'I GEM, I didn't mess around at all.  We ordered the Breaded tofu, and this time I just got the Crab Dinner, which was a HUGE order of just crab and I was in heaven!!  Parking is on the street, they take credit cards, go early because it gets super packed, and if you're smart, you'll just get the Breaded Tofu, Garlic Ahi and Crab, and the Fried Banana Ice Cream and all your dreams will come true!!!!!!!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,9/22/2010,731,1118,4,9,8>Wang Chungs is certainly a hidden gem. It isn't pretentious, it doesn't try to be something it isn't, and most importantly it's cool. Wangs is a place to grab a drink, sing some karaoke, and just hang out. Friends would often tell me they were there and I'd say cool...I have to check it out sometime. Finally, I met up with them one night and I have to say...It is a hidden gem, a hole in the wall, and if it wasn't for the sandwich board sign on the street, I would have missed it. Located at the end of an apartment building behind the Hyatt, it is a very small establishment. It couldn't have room for more than 20 or 30 people, but it is very comfortable and you rarely feel overwhelmed. The bartenders are extremely friendly and pour their drinks well. They know everyone and make sure you feel comfortable there. Prices are very reasonable and the specialty drinks keep calling your name.Parking is the one tricky part, however there is a public lot at Kings Village that is open till 2am that you can pay at. Otherwise its a long walk from the zoo and its incredibly hard to find street parking at times.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,9/21/2010,544,212,8,3,5>KURU KURU. KURU KURU. It's like a bird whispering sweet somethings in your ear. The sushi here is so good. The pieces of fish are huggggggggggggge.  Like so huge you can't even see the rice underneath it.  It's ridiculous how good their sushi looks because if you put the same sushi from genki side by side, you'd swear kuru kuru injected theirs with steroids.The spicy ahi and spicy tuna is DOUBLE D's man. Damn Delicious! In fact my mouth is watering just writing this review.  Also, for the record the scallop mayo should be banned because it is so GOOOD.  I swear I am not a person that likes mayo. If i had a choice i would not get mayo on anything but this bugger is so good. You can't even put into words how delicious it is. All i can say is :)You may have to wait because everyone and their neighbors are at kuru kuru but its well worth the wait. I've been there early and i've been there late and i've always had to wait. I'm a poet and kuru kuru won't blow it. Maholler!Ps. this place is BYOB!!!!
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,9/20/2010,48,216,24,25,28>Yummy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hiroshi and Chris and so much fun, and a hoot! I was with Cin T as mentioned below because we had originally planned on going to Top of Waikiki for Happy Hour. As she mentioned, what crappy service we received there! As soon as you walk up those god forsaken stairs, it's a very urban, modern, and chic feel for a lounge. I love it! So we sit at the bar and Cin T, being the socialite she is, introduced me to the bartenders and servers.Now for the food and drinks. Primarily, I've learned they are a Sake Bar. But for me, alcohol took a back door to the food. Here's what we had. We had the Citrus Pepper chicken, Chicken Karaage, Loco Moco, and the fish katsu. The yuzu kosho relish was delicious, and to quote Cin T, "she'd eat it off a tire". The two chicken dishes, though, were dry and the batter was too crispy for my taste. The Loco Moco was good, but living in Hawaii, I was too used to the Hawaii "style" Loco Moco. I'm assuming the reason I'm giving that a neutral rating would be the demi glace. The hamburger patty on the other hand, deep fried and so flavorful! It was delicious!The Fish Katsu was our least favorite; it was dry, overcooked, and lacked flavor.Now to my hit, the dessert. God, my god, the dessert. I'm speechless! The parfait is so good! It's served with a corn flake bottom, layered with french vanilla ice cream, then layered with fruit cocktail, green tea gelato, and topped off with azuki beans, water chestnut, mochi balls, and whipped topping. Jesus that thing showed me light at the end of the tunnel and back! After I paid my bill, Cin and I saw Hiroshi making a sherbet dessert that just was so good! The flavors were either gelatos, french vanilla or green tea, or sherbert, which is lilikoi or dragonfruit. Somehow while he's making this dish, I get a taste of both sherbet, and couldn't take my behind off the seat! Stroke of luck, Hiroshi must've taken pity on me drooling all over his bar, I got it complimentary! It was so delicious I know I'm going back for dessert and Sweet Tea Vodka!Thanks Cin, Hiroshi, and Chris for making my night fabulous!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,9/19/2010,207,115,6,9,7>There arent many reasons for me to travel to Waipahu, quite frankly Ive only been there about 5 times BUT working in Waipahu's favor is Kuni's. I went there for the first time for a Sunday family dinner and first impressions were a bit on the "wtf" side. I first saw Kuni's bar which is right next to the restaurant and saw some suspicious looking fellows hanging around outside. Its me, my grandma, aunt and mom and Im thinking great how comfortable will this meal be. I find the door to the restaurant and inside its what you'd expect from a traditional Japanese restaurant with patrons not looking like they are waiting for their parole officer to show up like the ones outside by the bar. The menu is also typical of a traditional Japanese restaurant with the 2 or 3 combo deals that come with all the little sides like miso soup, salad and the other veggies. I ordered the miso salmon and katsu combo, not a risky pick but being my first time here Im not about to throw a dart blind folded. My miso salmon was spectacular, the miso on the salmon was thick and super tasty! Its the best miso salmon I can remember ever having. The salmon was moist with the miso but somehow the salmon skin was really crispy! The katsu was really good also, crunchy and not oily. Portions are pretty big considering I was stuffed after only a 2 combo. Service was great, the owner came by and said they have been here for 40 years and asked why its our first time here I wanted to respond "location location location" but didnt. He was very nice and gave us free watermelon ice cream. I watched as he went to every table and talked story with everyone and gave everyone a little free something, tsukimono, ice cream or some noodle soba looking thing, nice touch dude, touche. This is probably the best traditional Japanese restaurant Ive been to in a while, the food here is excellent! I wouldnt mind making the drive from town to support this place, everyone is happy with the company and food. Dont mind the porn shop next to the place, this is certainly one of the most eclectic strip malls Ive ever been to.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,9/18/2010,301,123,4,5,5>i could seriously gain 30 lbs in one sitting at uncle bo's.  their variety of pupu's, entrees, desserts, and alcohol sends me in a frenzy!  there's never anything i don't like when i come here.  no wonder why this is my girlfriend's favorite place!!!  let's get straight to the food...- clams: there's this taste in there that i can't quite put my finger on but it's oh so yummy...sweet salty goodness...and if you dip the bread in there...omg HEAVEN- nachos: all i have to say is "why oh why do the best tasting things make you feel like you gained 5 lbs in 2 minutes???" - open faced spicy tuna roll: well, it's not morio's and it's a little creamy but it does the trick- escargot: if you love cheese like i do, you will LOVE this escargot...cheesiness, buttery-ness, garlicy-ness all rolled into one- blackened ahi: gaaaaaaaah the perfect combination of seared ahi, sweetness, and spicyness- spinach artichoke crab dip: can you say winner??? you could dip anything in here and it would taste good - opah mauna kea/ opakapaka chiang mai/ opakapaka chinese style: don't ask, just eat!!! and get it with mashed potatoes!- fried ice cream and sorbet: yummmmm-o! and when it comes to their alcohol selection, it pretty darn extensive.  of their specialty drinks, i tried the li hing mojito and caramel apple.  both of which were SUPERB.  funny story---i went into uncle bo's recently for a birthday and i guess their thing is that they give you a blowjob shot and ring some kind of cowbell.  it was pretty hilarious watching my friend trying to fit the rim of the shot glass in her mouth with no hands!  teehee!  before this review turns into an essay, i will quickly say that the service is awesome, the parking is usually not that bad (street or parking lot across the street), prices are fair, bathroom is nice but there's only one :(, and the food is great! now what are you waiting for??? go get your grub on at uncle bo's!!! just make sure you go running the next day :)
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,9/17/2010,99,234,6,7,6>I'm so excited on so many levels that Luibueno's is open in Haleiwa.  For years North Shore has been a culinary wasteland of terrible, kitchy, overpriced tourist-trap-dining-crapholes.  Cholo's pretends to serve Mexican food, Storto's insults the populace with their sugary sandwiches, and two local establishments have become famous for serving snowcones.  Really?  It's just a snowcone.Anyway, sorry for the digression.  Luibueno's.  Ahh, I still savor the wonderful flavors.   They updated the decore since they took over for the cantina that used to be here and have drastically changed the menu and serve actual, authentic, delicious Mexican food.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.  This is, by far, the best Mexican food on the island.  I know Esteban will come in and say its not actually authentic, but I don't care.  Somewhere in Mexico there is a mom-and-pop restaurant that would kill to serve this food---that makes it authentic enough for me.The service is spot-on and friendly.  Their chips are fresh made in the kitchen and the salsa is heavenly.  Their margaritas are made from actual juice (not that bottled premade junk) and their prices are great for what you get.  The menu is extensive, everything is offered ala carte and as a full meal.  They have fresh ceviche, serve fish that is locally caught that day, and offer the usual range of proteins (pollo, carnitas, beef).   My love of the North Shore grows with each passing week my wife and I head up there.  First, Haleiwa Eats caught our attention.  Then, it was Opal Thai.  Then the fish and chips guy by Opal's truck and now Luibueno's!  No wonder I'm getting FAT!
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,9/16/2010,483,369,3,5,4>I can't believe that I didn't write a review for Wing Loy. This is THE place for Roast Pork, Roast Duck and Char Siu. The same people opened another store up the road called Wing Seng Market  from what I've been told it is because he might not be able to renew the lease at the Wing Loy location. The Roast Pork is one of the best in Chinatown as well as the Roast Duck and Char Siu I like the Shoyu Chicken here too but I haven't decided between here and Eastern Food Garden for the Shoyu Chicken yet. They also have innards and other items which I don't usually buy so no review of that here.The only one that really speaks decent enough English that is easy to understand now is at the other store (Wing Seng) but all the meats are cooked at Wing Loy for the time being so we'll see if the taste changes when the roaster gets installed there.as usual for Chinatown the only parking is at the parking structures or if you are lucky to find one on the street.Go early or they tend to run low after lunch time.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,9/15/2010,1057,49,7,11,9>You'd think good Hawaiian food would be found everywhere in the islands, but as a born-and-raised local boy, I can tell you that the list of decent places is very, very short. Helena's Hawaiian Food in Kalihi is likely at the top of that list.Of course, it's a small place in an unlikely neighborhood for a James Beard Foundation award winner, it's closed on Mondays, and there are precious few parking spaces and precious few tables. My coworkers and I plotted for ages to go, and only finally made it this past week. I realized I hadn't been there since the late, great Helen Chock passed away. But her spirit lives on, and the food is still fantastic.My colleagues and I all ordered the basic "Menu A" -- kalua pig and lomi salmon with your choice of poi or rice -- and then went nuts ordering ala carte items to share. Pipikaula, poke with opihi, laulau, squid luau... and of course sweet onions with sea salt and haupia was included.The food was heavenly. Epic. Almost orgasmic. That may sound extreme, but biting into the perfectly prepared, flavorful, just crisply-cooked-enough pipikaula was pure bliss.I love how the drink fridge was packed with strawberry and orange soda and Hawaiian Sun orange passion cans. So local!Bring cash (no credit cards or checks accepted), and patience. You may wait for a table, and the sweet cashier tallies your bill in longhand before double (and triple) checking with a calculator. Come early, and take your time, and you'll be well rewarded.The only must-have we missed was the fried butter fish collar. So we'll have to go back again soon.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,9/14/2010,154,194,8,10,9>4.5 stars. This place is tucked away behind a pharmacy, so if you don't know where it is, you're most likely to walk right past it. The front door is dark and nothing hints to what lays beyond the tinted door:WINES all kinds. BEERS all kinds. They even had the crystal skull vodka!! I usually buy BITCH and EVIL wine here. They tend to be cheaper than other places that carry the BITCH and EVIL (R winery has a sense of humor). But what I really came to find was the HELLO KITTY WINE (see photos)...and they had it. Wow...$25 a bottle (internet price $19.99).  The manager told me they were selling out fast! Better grab one now, it was so popular. I walked around the store perusing the fine wines room, the edibles and the hard liquors - they even had AGWA the booze with the cocaine leaves in it. Sweet. In the end I bagged out without purchasing the small bottle of wine due to guilt over paying that price; heck, I could buy two bags of parrot food for the price of one small wine bottle (two glasses worth...expensive wine at that).The staff was helpful. They didn't shoo me out for taking pictures like the other..ahem...place... but of course, I took discreet pics. Manager and staff are all different now, I don't recognize any of them and they had no clue what I was talking about when I used to buy my old timey products but I give Fujioka's a thumbs up for stocking the staples and the trendy items.Parking = 5 stars - lot is usually emptyService = 4 stars. Pretty attentive staff.Prices = 4 stars. Better than most wine placesSelections = 5 stars. where else can you get hello kitty and crystal skull and booze infused with coca leaves?
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,9/13/2010,165,267,9,10,11>My "wifey" (super good friend) has been raving about this place for the past two weeks! On top of that, the Metromix article I read made me even more curious to try it out... The morning cardio session I painfully powered through was totally worth it when we walked over to Bruno's Forno and introduced some insanely delicious yumyums into my mouth. The wifey and I got the Salmon Panini and Funghi Lasagna to share, and a mocha mousse too. We are totally ass-backwards, so we had dessert first, while waiting for our food to come out. Now, I'm not one for sweets, but the mousse was delectable! Smooth, rich, but not too sweet. Coffee and chocolate made for a beautiful combo!The Salmon panini was like floating up to heaven and rolling around in a cloud. Crusty and toasty on the outside, soft pillowy goodness on the inside. Smoked salmon that is almost creamy, melt in your mouth good, with the zip of goat cheese and peppery arugula to round it out. Our eyes were rolling into the backs of our heads! The panini came with the usual mixed green salad with vinaigrette. The Funghi lasagna was everything I love! A light delicate cream sauce, pieces of mushroom, slivers of basil, all layered together in bliss. And the crunchy corners were the best! I'm salivating while floating through a flashback.The ciabatta bread is so good, the lasagna came with two pieces, but it wasn't enough, so I grabbed a loaf to go for $5! Oh carb heaven for later!
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,9/12/2010,295,401,25,31,28>Know where HIC (Hawaiian Island Creations) is in Ala Moana Shopping Center? Go there and do a 180 degree turn and walk, run, skip, hop or cartwheel across Kona Street and eat at Ailana Shave Ice! This is my first 5 star rating for shave ice in HI. Bottom line, this is the perfect shave ice because of the cut of the ice and the extremely true flavor of the syrup without the excessive sweetness. On my premiere visit, I ordered a large green tea flavored syrup with homemade azuki beans ($3.50). The green syrup has a distinct maccha flavor and was chilled in the refrigerator which didn't melt the ice on contact. The azuki beans were cooked to perfection. My friend had the haupia syrup which I sampled. Two words: coconut & creamy! They also make the specials such as Uji Kintoki, Mocha, PB Caramel which will send your taste buds into the fifth dimension!! They opened back in February and with word of mouth will be very successful. Apparently they make local plate lunches and other desserts. Some facts: lots of free parking, few tables, cash only and closed on Sunday. Gene & June were so gracious which is a definite plus. I will return again and again!
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,9/11/2010,169,134,3,6,3>This is my all time favorite breakfast place.  Their pancakes are out of this world!!  I was never into pancakes much... until I came here.  Even the Buttermilk pancakes are fantastic.  They must seriously put coke into their pancake batter, but then how are their pancakes so cheap?  I'll figure it out one day.  There seriously is something just magical about their batter.  The pancakes come out with the perfect consistency...  light, but not too light, a little bit gooey, but not too gooey, and golden brown.My usual is the Two by Four, which includes two eggs any style, and four buttermilk pancakes.  I'm also a fan of the Forty-niners, and the good 'ole banana pancakes.  Dutch baby, chocolate chip, buckwheat, Swedish pancakes, poi pancakes... they've got a pancake for everyone.  I'm not as much of a fan of their omelettes.  Their omelette is HUUUUGE, but too airy in my opinion.  I can never finish it since it comes with a few pancakes.  It always amazes me how this place is always so busy, but they do run a good business, with decent to excellent service (depending on your waitress) and everyone loves a good pancake and cup of joe (good coffee with refills).
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,9/10/2010,843,141,8,14,9>I would give 6 stars if I could.Brandon Y. swore by this place, and said "if Japanese people from Japan come here, it must be good."  Interestingly enough, there was also a significant amount of non-Japanese patrons, and everyone seemed equally delighted.  Long story short, I left extremely happy and food coma'd as soon as I got home.  Overall experience was amazzzzing.  Top notch service.  Great for small parties to mingle and enjoy the ambiance.  AWESOME for foodies to enjoy the exploding flavorful dishes.  Here's my experience in more detail:Rule #1: I HIGHLY RECOMMEND MAKING RESERVATIONS.  If not, expect to wait well over an hour because this place is small and people stay here forever in their pursuit of trying the different dishes.  Note: They will never kick you out because they care more about individual experience than turning over tables ;) Service is pristine, and you will feel like you are a welcomed guest in their restaurant "home".  As soon as we stepped barely halfway into the door, we instantly felt welcomed.  It was such an amazing vibe that really showed they really appreciated our business.  The decor, the atmosphere, the etiquette all reminded me of Japan.  I couldn't believe I was in Hawaii... it was that authentic.  But one thing stood the test of this:  the food.  RULE #2:  If it looks/sounds good, TRY IT.  We ordered from the daily specials menu and other items that were recommended, as follows:-Omatsuri Natto:  This alone made my meal (and night).  Natto lovers, be ready to have a fun-filled array of different bursting flavorful, fresh ingredients that you already love.  It features onion, yama-ito, maguro, quail egg, uni and ikura which you mix together and eat with nori for a delicious festival in your mouth.-Hamachi tartar:  It's like an ultra premiere version of the island favorite, spicy ahi.  The fresh hamachi combined with quail egg, green onions, and masago is eaten with nori, and even though the portion seemed small, lasted the entire dinner.  -Monkfish liver sushi topped w/ ponzu jelly:  Manabu (sushi chef/owner) will politely recommend to eat this in one bite without shoyu.  Just obey, and you will see why.  Explosion of goodness in your mouth.  -Filet mignon:  O M G.  It came out looking like a typical steak w/ vegetables... But this was a total mouthgasm.  You have to try it to understand.  -Deep fried fish bone chips:  I was a little skeptical about this because I had never eaten fish bones before.  But once I got over it, I realized they were very interesting (in a good way) in both taste and consistency.  Glad I tried it! :)-Zenzai with mochi balls & ice cream dessert:  Great way to wrap up the ultimate experience.Rule #3:  TALK STORY with the staff!  They are very friendly and super chill.  Try to sit at the sushi bar so you can chit chat with Manabu (sushi chef/owner).  This guy loves his job, loves life, and loves Hawaii.  He's been all over and has his share of experiences.  During our conversation, we figured out that we're neighbors!  Small island... That really brought me close to home (lame joke, I know :P).  Rule #4:  Definitely GO BACK on another occasion if you don't get to try something that you wanted to.  There are different specials offered on different days.  You really gotta just get lucky to go on the days that a certain item is featured.  If not, then just come back again and cross your fingers :)  In attempts to try so many things, I left full.  Despite how small the portions seem, your eyes will be bigger than your stomach.  Just take it easy, and return at another time (hopefully I get to go back soon).  Izakaya Gaku, Arigatou!  Honto ni oishikatta desu ^__^ Mata ne~
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,9/9/2010,473,75,11,15,11>Oh my... this place is great!!! I ordered the crab cake eggs benedict... so delicious! I love eggs benedict it's one of my favorite food and this one was really good. The hollandaise sauce was flavorful and yummy. The potions are very generous .. a normal person wouldn't be able to finish all the food.. but since I am a piggy and it was so good I ate it all. haha!! The home fries were delicious too! I like that they cook it with green onions and garlic. yum yum. But the best thing was .... the RED VELVET PANCAKES !!!!!! It's the current pancake of the month. It was so heavenly.. so light,  fluffy, and soft like a red velvet cupcake pillow of happiness. The frosting they put on it was good too! They even put it between the pancakes so you can get the delicious frosting with every bite!! Ahhhh I wanna go back right now and eat more pancakes. To Cinnamon's: Please make the red velvet pancakes a permanent item on your menu or I seriously might die. =(Okay fine I won't actually die... but you would make my already happy life even more happy if it were filled with red velvet pancake happiness all the time. I love you Cinnamon's so much. I will be back very soon to try the smoked salmon eggs benedict.. and of course more red velvet pancakes!!!!!
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,9/8/2010,139,50,7,10,5>sweet jesus, i love vlounge pizza! i'm a super sucker for brick oven pizza and they pretty much hit the nail on the head. over and over again. my favorites here are #1 margherita and #2 prosciutto rucola.. oh the prima is amazing too! and YES, you need the hot sauce! it just gives it that extra.. KICK. well, i could be biased as i'm korean and like hot sauce on pretty much everything.we usually end our nites here at vlounge, but drunkeness aside, i'm still almost 97% positive their pizza is just as amazing sober. drinks are pretty standard pricing if you're not there for happy hour. i didn't give them the full five stars because when it starts to get busy, service gets a little shotty. our server/bartender forgot about us and our pizza, which ended up sitting on the counter for a bit (in a box) and our basil got all dried out and cooked.. but it was still pretty good.not sure what the status is on this now, but the last time i was there their dart boards were out of commission. still a really chill bar to drink at and get away from the ever-changing named clubs of venus/bar7/xyloh/ginza whateverness.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,9/6/2010,237,127,2,8,6>You heard it here first people, I will go on record by saying that the pizza at Inferno's is some of the best that I have tasted on the island. And what makes this even more amazing is that all the cooking is done in a brick oven in the parking lot of some furniture store on a busy corner in industrial Kalihi of all places. Even though they have only been open a few weeks, the word seems to be spreading fast.  When I stopped by to pick up a pizza pie at around 12, they were sold out 15 minutes later.  That's absolutely crazy when you consider that they only opened up at 10 and are actually supposed to close at 2.What blows me away about Inferno's is that you are getting a restaurant quality thin crust pizza cooked to order for only $8-10!  If that wasn't enough you also get a drink as well. Although there are combos such as Sopressata, Margherita, or Pepperoni, you also can create your own pizza which is what I decided to do.  I choose a pizza with Italian Sausage & fresh basil and it was just plain delicious.  Everything from the fresh mozzarella & San Marzano tomato sauce to the crisp & chewy crust cooked in the wood fire oven made this the perfect pie for me.  If you decide to visit Inferno's, I would recommend that you come early and maybe even call your order in to make sure that they don't run out before you arrive.  This hidden gem in Kalihi will not be a secret for long once people get a taste of their yummy wood fire cooked pizza pies.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,9/5/2010,186,203,6,7,5>Andy's is known for their homemade sandwiches, fresh roasted turkey, smoothies and delicious baked goods.  While I do love all of the above, what I REALLY love from Andy's is their ACAI BOWL!!  I'm going to go as far as to say that they have the BEST acai bowl on the island, although many may disagree.Usually I am one to judge food not only by taste, but also by appearance.  Eating to me is an all senses experience :o) By the appearance of Andy's acai bowl, this is definitely the ugly duckling when it comes to acai bowls.  This acai bowl is not prettied up by colorful bananas, blueberries and strawberries all aligned in a perfect circle with that beautiful mountain of granola in the middle.  Nope.  Nor does it come in a beautiful blue colored ceramic bowl (like at Blue Hawaii Lifestyle) which frankly, I enjoy pretty dishes. Nope. Rather, it's two scoops of acai, in a styrafoam clamshell, with granola messily thrown on and banana slices randomly thrown over the two scoops of acai.  BUT...ah my gawd, the acai is creamy, smooth, chilled to perfection and you can bet that my styrafoam clamshell will look good as new when I'm done, because every last bit of that acai is gone!  The texture of the acai here is more like sherbert and less like a smoothie in a bowl. It is also creamier and less sweet and tart than most acai bowls.  You can get an acai bowl for $4.99 with just the granola or for $5.99 for granola and bananas.  Pretty cheap too huh? You go and try it for yourselves and lemme know what you think!!
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,9/4/2010,161,142,10,10,10>YUM! YUM! YUM~E! After hearing about Morio Sushi and reading his reviews on Yelp, a friend and I were finally about to go. We attempted to walk-in last week, but was told they ran out of rice, so we made a reservation a few days in advance and got in. We ordered the omakase "up to the chef" ~ 12 pcs of yummy sushi that is left up to Chef Morio. It was soooo delicious! It was fresher than fresh and very reasonable. We knew that it was BYOB, so we stopped at ABC and picked up 3 cans of Kirin Ichiban. One for me, one for my friend and of course...one for Morio-san!I love oysters and got to try the Washington oysters with spicy sauce. The oysters were so sweet and creamy and the spicy sauce complemented the oysters perfectly! Served nice and cold with green onions. A definite re-order.I'm looking forward to going back to Morio this week with more friends and trying more of his yumminess!My friend and I went again last night 7.29.10 and had the MOST amazing meal for a price I almost fell off my chair for.... We ordered the 12pc up to the chef platter, but instead got a heavenly omakase for 2. We weren't sure how much it was gonna cost us, but I wasn't too afraid as I'll pay big dollahs for excellent sushi! Our omakase for 2 consisted of:*Huge platter of sashimi~ 3 pieces of the reddest, freshest maguro, 3 pieces of hamachi, 3 pieces of salmon, 2 pieces of tsubugai, 3 pieces of snapper, 1 whole baby awabi ~ sliced up...the softest awabi I've ever had! *Unagi and avocado uramaki with toasted sesame seeds ~ I don't usually like unagi, as I prefer raw fish instead, but this was the best unagi roll I've had...the unagi was the most tender unagi ever....*8 pieces of nigiri sushi~ 2 pieces of salmon, 2 pieces of aji, 2 pieces of raw, sweet scallop and 2 pieces of hamachi belly*6 pieces of asari no sakamushi (steamed clams), but since he didn't have sake, he used wine and called it clam winemushi! He's so funny! I love it! Since we didn't have anything to drink other than water, he gave us his bottle of Iichiko to enjoy...first time I had Iichiko on the rocks. It was so smooooth! And some toro sashimi from the cheek of the ahi which was simply divine! Our entire meal for 2 came out to....wait....for....this....drum roll, please.....$57!!!! I would pay $570 for that meal...we both couldn't believe it! Morio~san, expect us back again soon. I'll bring a bottle of sake for you! :)
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,9/3/2010,188,32,7,7,5>My hands are still raw 3 days later...CUS I HAD SO MUCH FUN! Now where's the lotion.Unfortunately this is the only climbing gym that I know of on the island, but it's a great option for all skill levels. Dispute being a small establishment that shares space with a gymnastics gym, all of my friends and i had a great time. Most of us had only been to a climbing gym a few times, and all of us coming here for the first, the owner showed us around and laid out where we could start from. The owner is really into helping out and getting new climbers into the sport and was very helpful.knock one star for size, bump total of 4 for the friendly atmosphere, and variety of things climbing related! Climb on Young Padowons!
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,9/2/2010,297,858,6,7,6>I'm not a big movie person, but I agreed to watch "The Other Guys" at Ward.  To look forward to something great, I decided to use the handy dandy yelp search and finally venture off to try some Italian food on the islands.Vebano's consistently had a 4 star rating and my stomach was hungry for a hearty meal.  So we decided to give this place a try.Some of the pastas either come in small or regular, about an average $4 difference.  The menu has a huge variety to choose from, so if you're indecisive, it'll be a doozy for you.A bottle of Chianti costed us $35, with 4 dinners came to a total of $100 w/o tips.  My boo ordered the (specialty dish) lasagna and it came out in a casserole style dish.  I wasn't too familiar with this presentation, and more used to the traditionally squared cut lasagna placed on a spread of red/pink sauces.  Well he says it was just alright and would have given it 3 stars.  I didn't get to try it, but from his tone he was being generous.I ordered the Chicken Cacciatore and I was so happy and excited about my dish.  With a bit of Parmesan and sprinkle of red pepper flakes, I devoured the entire meal with mmm's and ahhh's.  The chicken was super tender and the mushroom was oh so juicy.  Our friend ordered the Frutti DI Pescatore with pesto sauce and he too said it was good.  It didn't seem like it was quite fulfilling, but it was another 3 stars.  And lastly a vegetarian dish was ordered and she too gave it 3 stars.  The bathroom stall was nice and clean, a bit tiny, but the earth/sand tone colored tiles throughout the bathroom made up for it.Another thing to mention is the waiters are water filling junkies.  We take a sip and they come running.  The annoying thing is they fill it up to the rim and it would spill on the table.  WTH, right?Since this review is about my experience and aside from my party's all around 3 stars, this restaurant was a whopping 4 stars in my Italian taste buds.  Maybe I got lucky, but I had no complaints about my dish.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,9/1/2010,334,330,3,6,4>This place is BUSY!  A coworker saw a review about Koi on the local news yesterday and was really interested in checking it out for lunch.  We called in for take out around 1130am and it was ready when we got there (about 20 min).  We waited a while in line to pay for our order and the line continued to grow.Only downer is that the parking lot is nuts and one person had to wait in the car to juggle around because there were no stalls left to park.  I had the pesto mahi mahi which is a pair of mahi fillets panko crusted and served over pesto linguine.  It came with two pieces of garlic bread and a small salad.  My coworkers enjoyed the crab topped salmon (which I'm interested in trying next), garlic shrimp plate and the Koi bento which is garlic chicken, steak and garlic ahi.  I tasted the sauce that came with the bento and it was ono!  I would ask for that sauce on the side!The food is great, the fish is well cooked, and it's better than the average fish place.  I'm a fan!
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,8/31/2010,145,297,26,6,5>Ok. So I heard this the other night, "Sweet Home Cafe? On a scale of 1 to 10...It's a 43."I lawled. First, I'm asian. Second, any asian can tell you thats mathematically impossible. Third, I heard someone say they only spend $12-15 dollars when they go there. Yeah, right. Who are you fooling, girlie? I seen you eat. Which brings me to my next conclusion. If I'm gonna spend $20-25 on a meal why not do it at Camellia? I'm still cooking my food. But I have access to all the friggen meats I want. I want your meats! Thats what she said...Sure, there's no shave ice but if you have room for dessert you could eat more meats! MOAR MEATS! Thats what she said. Btw, if she said that you may want to reconsider your dating pool.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,8/30/2010,329,156,4,6,5>Came here over the weekend to grab a late dinner and have some beers with the guys.  AWESOME PLACE FOR JUST THAT!!!  The atmosphere is very chill and laid back.  We walked right in didn't have to wait, luckily, and they sat us at the sushi bar.  None of us had never been here before, so we were kind of taken back by the prices, but the prices were well worth it.I ordered shrimp tempura, chicken karaage and a spicy ahi roll.  The shrimp tempura was amazing!  Dare, I say, probably the best tempura I have had.  As the food is cooked right in front of you, they food is served hot right after it's done cooking.  The chicken karaage was also very good.  I hoped that they had a sauce...tonkatsu sauce or something, but the chicken was still very tasty and crispy.  Finally, the spicy ahi roll.  The fish was very fresh and they keep it in chunks, BIG CHUNKS!  When you look at the roll, it doesn't look like there's any spicy agent, but it packs a good kick when you bite into it.  With all the food and Asahi after Asahi, the bill was a little pricey, but for the quality and the atmosphere of the place it was well worth it.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,8/29/2010,95,75,7,7,5>"Dude is everything ok?"Hmmm, well it was just fine until he woke me up, but i guess he had good reason. My brother was kind enough to call me on "Tsunami Saturday" to alert me to the fact that said tsunami was heading towards the islands...and the first wave was due to hit the islands in 12 minutes...woke me up just in time to meet with imminent distaster...thanks for that, bro. Anyway, after "pleasantly" ending the call and watching the news for about 20 minutes, I realized that I was hungry. All the nervous tension had given me an appetite. As i do every Saturday, I got up and got ready to head out and find some good eats.Well, much to my surprise and dismay, Aiea was an absolute ghost town. No signs of life anywhere, save a few cars at the Long's in Pearlridge mall. Just about everything was closed, it seems. Ahh, but not to worry, for just across the street lied a lone, open eatery about which I am now yelping.Cuu Long's pho is some of the best, if not the best, I have had on island. The broth is perfectly seasoned, and unlike some places that just load your bowl with noodles, Cuu Long gives you generous portions of your choice of meats (I always go for the meatballs, tendon, and fat brisket...and tripe occasionally). I also had the spring rolls, which came out hot, fresh and crispy, loaded with all kinds of deliciousness. Topped the meal off with a nice iced coffee, a perfect balance of sweet and bitter and I was done.Alas, while tsunami saturday did wreck my beach plans, it did not keep me from enjoying a good meal, which would have been the REAL disaster, had I not found this place. "S"
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,8/28/2010,90,166,3,13,7>Hands down the BEST Italian in Hawaii. I've been eating here since they opened and have yet to have a negative experience. Expect dinner to take about 2 hours+ and eat family style as dishes come out piping hot from the kitchen as soon as they are ready. That said, Sabrina and Stephano bring tastes of Rome to your table and the food is very consistent. I've literally eaten everything on this menu. Highly recommended dishes include any of the homemade pastas. The squid ink pasta has a garlic sauce of the gods and the tomatoes are not overpowering or based on the American tomato-sauce variety. This dish tastes just like the pasta del mar I ate in Venice! The spinach ravioli is a regular favorite as is the cozze e vongole - clams and mussels in more of that garlic, white wine and tomato sauce. I could eat three baskets of bread and this entree alone! Specialties of the house are a delightful departure from typical Italian dishes. The lobster ravioli in champagne orange sauce was orgasmic, I could not eat this slow enough to figure out what exactly makes this sauce so darn good! Similarly, one evening we were treated to a special appetizer of shrimp with mango-cognac sauce. If you have a mango tree, please donate your fruit here. I NEED to eat this again!!!!! Also good is the osso bucco (order 1 day ahead) and the lobster gnocchi in vodka sauce. As a side note, the lobster dishes are not packed with chunks of lobster but retain all the flavor as if he makes his sauce from the shells. Another great specialty is his spinach stuffed gnocchi - think air light pillows oozing with spinach in a light tomato sauce. We prefer to order one of Sabrina's generous salads as an appetizer. My favorite is the salad with parma ham, although we also like to order carpaccio (note this comes with a generous heap of mixed greens so don't order this and a salad). I've eaten all the appetizers but prefer to save my appetite for their pastas and entrees. You could easily order the Cozze e Vongole as an appetizer as it does not come with a starch. The prosciutto and melon is a fail safe. A great way to enjoy all the dishes in the menu is to order one app, one salad, one pasta (or two because they are so good and portions are not huge) and an entree and share with friends as the food comes out. All entrees come with a small helping of vinegary marinated vegetables and potatoes. Their lamb is not my favorite but everything else on the menu is delish! Round it out with Sabrina's homemade tiramimsu and an espresso. My husband always orders an extra tiramisu to take home. This is my favorite restaurant to celebrate special occasions and take visitors. My brother in law eats here every year when he comes to visit - sometimes twice. Yes, it really is that good. Please note: this is not the best restaurant for small children because they do not have booster seats and the wait for food can be long (especially if it's busy or dinners are not shared). BYOB. The bathroom is nasty and outside the building. Parking lot across the street by City Mill, but they do ticket if you don't pay so betta not chance em.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,8/27/2010,865,217,14,26,23>My favorite place for dim sum and good chinese food. Our family regularly gets together for Sunday dim sum and for dinner on special occasions. The ladies are always loud, pushy and bossy with their carts, but I've never been at a dim sum place where that wasn't the case, lol.Pic of most of the items listed below. Dim sum item pricing varies from $2.85 to $3.25.yelp.com/biz_photos/yfu0…I LOVE their SALT & PEPPER PORK CHOPS ($9): perfectly seasoned and always juicy. yelp.com/biz_photos/yfu0…My other usuals (most are pictured above in the first pic):SIU MAI: They don't skimp on the pork and shrimps here (you won't get the gristles and fatty pieces like most dim sum places). LO MAI GAI: Mochi rice, chicken, shitake mushrooms and lup cheong are wrapped and steamed in lotus leaves. Piping hot and tasty, always a must-order when I'm there."SCALLOP GAU": Shaped like a won ton. The filling is real similar to the siu mai but with added parsley and bamboo shoots in it.  (see above first pic, it's the yellowish won ton looking one on the bottom).PAI KUAT: Tasty pork spare ribs in fermented black bean sauce. This can be a hit or miss on certain days. Sometimes when they're busy, it's not cooked long enough to develop enough flavors. Sometimes you get more bones than meat.CLAMS IN BLACK BEAN SAUCE ($12.95): Plump manilla clams stir-fried in a savory sauce consisting of fermented black beans, ginger and soy sauce. yelp.com/biz_photos/happ…CANTONESE-STYLE FRIED RICE ($8.95): Combination of diced salted fish, chicken, eggs, and lettuce. Sounds crazy but it's SO good and a favorite with both the locals and chinese folks. yelp.com/biz_photos/yfu0…HONEY WALNUT SHRIMP ($12.95): I like this one better than Little Village's version. It's not over-dressed and the mayo-based sauce isn't too lumpy & gelatinous like LV. ***Ask for "crispy" so that they don't rush through it and give you softer fried shrimp.yelp.com/biz_photos/yfu0…MINUTE CHICKEN CAKE NOODLE ($10.95): Boneless, well seasoned pieces of chicken. They pan-fry it first with a light flour coating so the chicken still has a slight crisp to it. ***If you order this for take-out, I suggest you request that they box the sauce in a separate container (otherwise you'll get a box of soggy noodles).yelp.com/biz_photos/yfu0…DEEP FRIED SHRIMP WONTONS:  served with a sweet mayo (sounds so wrong but taste so good!). Best to get these when they're fresh out of the fryer. LOBSTER WITH GINGER SAUCE (market price): This was pretty tasty, but I still prefer it with the more flavorful black bean sauce.yelp.com/biz_photos/yfu0…COLD APPETIZER PLATTER: Loaded w/char siu, cold ginger chicken, jellyfish, and duck. It's always a big hit with the family.- Sorry it's usually included w/our party set, so I don't have the exact price.yelp.com/biz_photos/yfu0…yelp.com/biz_photos/happ…GRILLED FISHCAKE STUFFED EGGPLANT (3 pc per order): Not a big fan of eggplant but this dish makes me happy. The fishcake and brown gravy gives the usual mushy eggplant new life, delicious!GRILLED FISHCAKE STUFFED TOFU (3 pc per order): The same fishcake mixture is molded onto the tofu and grilled (on some days, sandwiched between the tofu). The tofu has a nice crust, yet silky soft on the inside. yelp.com/biz_photos/yfu0…You can also have take-out dim sum at 25% off from 8am to 11:30am. I like to call and place my order, they'll have it boxed and ready for you. Most people just do walk-ins and order in person.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2010,8/26/2010,139,416,8,10,10>We decided to come here for dinner based on previous Yelp reviews. There were several dishes on the menu, but based on several positive reviews, I chose the prime rib. I asked for a smaller cut than their big cut, which they helpfully provided (I think it was either 7 or 8 oz.). The salad bar, while small, was perfectly fine, and a huge hit with my son, who must have gone back 3-4 times. The bread is in a warm drawer below where the salad plates and soup are kept. A vegetable soup, which was available at the salad bar, was also good. I ordered a baked potato with sour cream and chives, and thoroughly enjoyed it, despite my sensitivity to dairy products! The prime rib was every bit as good as all my other Yelp comrades had mentioned, and by the end of dinner I was so full, dessert was completely out of the question. My wife ordered a seafood pasta dish, which I sampled, and would probably order myself in the future, provided I'm in a less carnivorous mood. There was a jazz combo performing, which I was very pleased to hear. There was a pianist, bassist, saxophonist (who also played flute), and drummer. Playing good jazz requires some effort and intellectual prowess, and we were quite pleased We were all surprised and delighted to see the bassist, since he is also a teacher in the school my kids go to. I for one really enjoy these old-fashioned, casual, dark restaurants. I prefer these types of places to the more brightly lit, chic, "dig me!" places that seem so prevalent now. Yes, I'm old fashioned in this regard, but, gosh darn it, I like that about myself! The servers were friendly, helpful, and efficient. About a third of the patrons were Japanese tourists, and they appeared to be enjoying the food, ambiance and music, too. We will definitely be coming back!
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2010,8/25/2010,91,203,9,15,13>On one hand, calling Honolulu Burger Co. a gourmet burger joint kinda makes it sound too frou-frou.  They use local beef and veggies, and biodegradable to-go bags, but it's certainly not one of these dried cranberry, sunflower seed hippy burgers (not that there's anything wrong with that).On the other hand, it's definitely no fast food chain slinging out factory-formed meat slurry patties either.  They make their Big Island grass-fed burgers in-house, and the fries are hand-cut daily, but they haven't forgotten that greasy-cheesiness is what everybody loves about burgers.  The one I enjoyed was perfectly charred, really juicy, and oozing with gorgonzola..  What HBC is, I suppose, is the perfect burger joint.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,8/24/2010,440,533,5,7,7>I am a crazy Pho-natic! I am so addicted to pho, that I have been eating it at least once a week for over 15 years. My co-workers found this one day when we were all craving takeout, but couldn't decide between Italian and Vietnamese. The solution? We sent someone to Pho Bistro 2 for pho and bún and Amina Pizzeria next door for calzone and lasagna!Since that initial visit, I've been back every single week for their pho. I just went there again for lunch today. Their broth is the BEST on the island; it ties with Pho To Chau in my book, but it's different. I think it's a little sweeter, but both broths have a very nice balance of spices and herbs and layered flavors. Really, Pho Bistro 2's broth is outstanding. I usually get the pho tai (rare steak only) and my pho buddy Ange gets the house special combination pho with steak, flank, brisket, beef balls, and tripe. If you want the combination with only some of the items, they will do it for you. I love the flank and brisket cuts as well; they are so flavorful and most of the time, they are not too fatty.The only reason they get 4 stars instead of 5 is because their portions are small. Even with their large-sized bowl, I don't get enough noodles and especially, beef. The noodle portion is smaller than at any other pho restaurant and I think they give you only five paper-thin slices of beef. At To Chau, they give me so much beef that sometimes, I can't even finish it all. Thank goodness my pho buddy generously gives me some of her steak and flank, or I would be hungry an hour later. I think the only difference between their large and regular sizes is that you get more soup with the large size. You also get less veggies here and if you order a side of onions, instead of a plate of onions, you only get a cup saucer full. The service is always very good. They remember their regular customers and are friendly and efficient. I'll be back in a few days.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2009,8/23/2010,12,37,11,9,5>Upon entering this "establishment" I immediately feel dirty.  The restaurant's decor scheme is "grandma's house that hasn't seen a cleaning product since the Kennedy administration."  My heart bleeds for the servers who look like they've raided the Duggar girls' closets in their hideous, god-awful floral and gingham print matching blouses and long skirt ensembles.  So why do I willingly put myself through the torture of coming to this restaurant?  Three words: DUTCH BABY PANCAKEThis pancake is unbelievable and I've never tasted anything like it.  It has an undescribable consistency and is incredibly soft, moist, and literally melts in your mouth.  Once you order it the servers bring you a little tray filled with butter, powdered sugar, and lemon slices.  I didn't at first, but I urge you to use all 3 on your pancake.  It adds such a great taste and really enhances the flavor.  It does take a while to cook but take a tip from a pro- when you go to put your name on the waiting list, tell them you're gonna order a Dutch Baby.  This way the hostess can relay the message to the kitchen so they can start cooking it while you're still waiting.  Within 5 minutes of being sat at your table your Dutch Baby will be delivered.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,8/22/2010,87,129,10,8,8>Okay, so if any-body's noticing.... we live in Aiea. Is it because a lot of my reviews revolve around restaurants in this little speck of a town, on a little speck of an island, in one great BIG ocean? Well... hell yea! I like my little speck area, and I Like all the foodie specks that abound here. You know... where ever you're at, you kinda know all the grub joints that surround you, and you find your comfort meals at different places, for different reasons, and tastes. Well that's me (us) ! All our little food speck-lets, suits us perfect. I dunno, could it be the convenience of not needing to travel hundreds of miles to get that "World Famous Strawberry Waffle" you crave? Or thousands of miles, and one time zone, for Pot Pies? ( you jus had to bring that up!!!) I'd tend to think so. It would seem that if we crave it.... POOF!... like some awesome magic trick it appears somewhere in Aiea. ( WOW, that was good, do it again!) So it's Mothers Day, and like every Mothers Day, every place on the planet is booked solid. But this year we flew under the radar, because my wife wanted Chinese, and like I said before.... POOF! So it's around 6:30 and the place is totally packed, if the sign said capacity 50 people, there must've had 90...easy! But again like magic, the terrific people there put together a few tables for the nine of us.... and let the feast begin! We didn't just order the normal ten course set dinner, no not us... we gotta make it special cause it's for all the Mommies. So we go around the table and say everyone chooses their fave, and we get two orders of each ( that mighta been a bit tooooooo much!) but hey the four mom's on the table deserve it... don't they? Of course!! Okay so check this sucka-out! and mind you these were double orders.... Spare ribs with Black Beans sauce, mmmm , Salt and Pepper Shrimp, wow, break off the heads grind the shrimps shell and all (holy moly) Pork Harm-Ha with Ung Choi, tasty pieces of pork in a slightly salty gravy, with crunchy veggies. Cold Ginger Chicken, I love putting all that green goodness on my rice. Roast Duck with bun, Wait we're not done yet!! Egg Fu Yong, Boneless Minute Chicken with cake noodle, all crispy chicken, crispy veggies,on a bed of cake noodle, smothered in a chicken gravy..... boy-oh-boy. Pork With Salt Cabbage.... the sweet with the sour ( as I wipe the drool!) Maybe we coulda settled for less food, but for all the "MOMS" out there... It's your day, and you deserve it.... right! The food.... all super tasty. Each dish tasted differently delish. The portions were huge ( even the single orders are big) the price totally reasonable. I had to back up the truck to load up the leftovers.... nah not really, but there was a whole lot of take out boxes. It's that little Chinese hole in the wall place that we all look for, and few of us find, and when we do, we tell the world on yelp ( aw heck, now I went and done it) Another good thing about the having really good restaurants near where you live, is after I'm done stuffing my face..... "POOF!" I'm in my recliner..... Did anybody see the remote!!!!!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2010,8/21/2010,1750,731,13,8,9>Lahaina Chicken Company, it was love at first bite; I had been a fan since they first opened in Ala Moana food court years ago. Ahhhh, memories. I always order the combo meal bc you get a choice of 3 sides. I usually pick mashed potatoes with tons of gravy, mixed veggies or corn, and mac n cheese. My bf skips the corn and mac n cheese, and goes for the double mash and gravvvvvy with mixed veggies. (great idea btw) The mashed potatoes have very a smooth consistency and the flavor is great. With a ladel full of gravy, I'm in Heaven. And that's only the mash. For my meat, I'd always have their roast chicken ( with gravy all over please )...Until yesterday. Until I met their fried chicken. The bf and I wanted to stuff our faces in the comfort of our own home, so we grabbed our plate to go. Yes we shared one plate, one plate with 3 ginormous pieces of fried chicken quite a bit larger than my fists and our 3 sides. My goodness, the take-out container couldn't even close. I had to strategize my first bite to avoid getting stabbed in the face from the crunchy fried batter-y-ness of the chicken.I'm not sure what kind of chickens they use--maybe some kind of mongoloid monster chickens. IDK but these guys are huge (definitely NOT fork-friendly), and not to mention very tasty.  Crunchy and nicely seasoned on the outside, juicy on the inside. Yum!   I will never look at fried chicken the same, ever.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,8/20/2010,230,197,4,7,8>I trust my friend and fellow Yelper Myong C.'s reviews of Korean food and he has told me his go-to place is now Orine Sarang Che.  So I had to check it out, and had the opportunity to do so at lunch today.  It's right next to Keeaumoku Produce, which is a great place to grab some relatively cheap and incredibly fresh banchan for the road (see my review).  Well, I only had the lunch specials so this review can't do justice to what is likely some better choices on the menu.  I saw some people ordering the meat entrees along with the sancghu (romaine lettuce) and daen jang (bean paste) and that's probably where it's at.  But the lunch special was solid.  I had the Korean seafood tofu (soon doobu) and it was the real deal.  Too many Korean places on Oahu say they serve soon doobu only for it to be a kind of local style hard tofu soup with vegetables, with a kind of chicken broth.  Real Korean tofu soup has a very dark reddish broth, with soft-liquid tofu dispersed all over it, with clams, mussels, shrimp and veggies throughout.  They didn't put any shrimp in it, and for $5.99 that's understandable, but they did put one mussel in it.  They're also supposed to give you a raw egg that is supposed to boil right into it (since it's served on one of those Korean stone puts) but no egg.  Maybe it's $6.50 with egg, LOL.  It was good; not shout it from a rooftop off Tantalus Dr. good, but very good considering soon doobu is a rare find.  My wife had BBQ chicken with rice, but that's not something you come to this place for, so I won't really comment too much on it except to say most BBQ chicken plates at Korean places are pretty much the same.  This is not true Korean fare, just something for the locals to eat, using the kalbi or bulgogi marinade in chicken.   The lunch had a good variety of panchan and it wasn't just the run of the mill, which gives this place an edge.  Take a look at the panchan in my pics.  Everything was good except the kimchi was slightly not ripe but that's a minor grip because the cucumber kimchi was great and they also served other vegetables you wouldn't normally see.  The one thing I thought was terrific was the kimchi jun.  Now I did ask the ajuma whether she had bin dae duk, a Korean bean pancake.  And she said basically this was bin dae duk.  So I waited to see if it actually was.  It wasn't.  Korean bean pancake is made out of . . . wait for it . . . beans.  Kimchi jun is flour based.  It was kickin good with flavor but it wasn't bin dae duk as she said it was.  Maybe I'm wrong, but that's not the bin dae duk I'm used to from how my mom used to make it.  But that's nothing to diminish that it was a good appetizer order at a really reasonable $2.50.  The place has its own parking lot that it shares with the other vendors in the strip center, most whom have their front doors off Keeaumoku (like GoShiGo), so that's a plus in the busy and congested Korea moku.  I think next time I will have to make a run with Myong to get the full flavor of this place.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,8/19/2010,213,426,6,6,8>While on a kala'au wood gathering trip with my halau today I was fantasizing about the Shimazu shave ice I knew I would treat myself to later.  I had never been here before but I knew it had high ratings on Yelp and I have always seen people in line here when I have driven by.  While standing in line, my husband noticed a sign stating that they were "sorry but they had to close today at 4".  There was a line to the sidewalk and it was 5:30.  I told him to pretend it was not there, that we were getting our shave ice.  We faithfully stood in line, contemplating our flavors.  OH. EM. GEE.  This was some goooood shave ice.  Powder fine, perfect amount of delicious syrup (in a huge range of flavors too), and yes, ginormous.  I got a small creme brulee / red velvet creme.  Sin in a plastic cone, baby!  I decided to take my sin a litle less sinful and didn't indulge in any toppings/frills (although I think a condensed milk/mochi balls would have been absolutely over the top yummy!)  But oh, it was delish.My hubby is a true blue rainbow shave ice kind of guy.  He was equally delighted by his choice, and even I who typically shun the "tourist flavor" shave ice did think it was especially tasty.  Finally the owner had to shut the doors at nearly 6 (when they were trying to close since 4) because they had to provide shave ice at a bon dance at 6.....you know this place is popular if they have been desparately trying to close for almost 2 hours but couldn't.  Great service, Shimazu store!  Hope you made it to the Bon Dance OK but you have 2 new loyal fans!
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2010,8/18/2010,78,97,7,10,7>FIVE STARS!Went today finally for their porridge fest.  Only available on sundays you go and choose between white, brown or multigrain.We went with multigrain.  perfect rice porridge/jook/zhou/congee, whatever you and your grandma calls it.  rice, water, slow cooked to thick awesome comfort.The multigrain has chunks of creamy yama in it too! The server/owner is the nicest person this side of your favorite uncle.  He brings over individual portions of miso with salmon, over fire that heats up at the table, be careful when you move it, my partner burnt his hand.  Whoops!You then go and take from their great selections of side dishes.around 20 in all, fresh salad, braised chicken wings, oden, snapper collar. kabocha etc etc.  it goes on and on.I could have stayed there all afternoon, but my dining parter wasn't down with the grinds. :(  it is very asian.  which i love.$15 gets you all that you want to eat home cooking.  if i could give 6 stars i would since it's down the street from where i live.definitely going back for lunch!
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,8/17/2010,283,52,7,5,5>You have to get da fishbowl! If you don't know what that is, just look at the pictures on the outside window! Or on yelp! The chicken wings were A-MAZING! Crunchy on the outside, juicy and flavorful on the inside! And boy were they spicy, just how I like 'em! I was going to order my own fishbowl, but my hubby said we should just order one for now then order another later if we finish it. When it came, I didn't think it was going to be enough for the both of us. I was a little irritated with him because I thought it was going to be a weak drink that you can slurp down in 2 seconds. I hate to admit this but boy was I wrong! (Yes, hubs you were right, for once! haha!) We were about half way through and I didn't think it was a big deal until I stood up. Man was I feeling it!!! By the time we finished the wings and da fishbowl I thought I wasn't going to be able to make the 2 block walk home! Let me tell you what happens when your first meal of the day is super hot wings and da fishbowl. HEARTBURN! Ouch. But sooooo worth it. We had great service too! It probley helped that we went when it wasn't peak time. I'm so glad I experienced da fishbowl! Everyone was amazed when they saw the pictures,, whoever thought of this is a complete genius! Why didn't I think of it??? I'll be back for sure!
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2010,8/16/2010,152,116,3,7,5>Golden Dynasty is one of my mother's favorite bang-for-the-buck Chinese restaurants in town. "Bang" as in really, really tasty Cantonese dishes, while "for-the-buck" being very, very reasonably priced, with many entrees running a relatively thrifty $7-$8 per order. Like most Chinese restaurants, the menu here is HUGE, with seemingly 1001 ways to prepare beef, pork, chicken and seafood. In total 138 menu items to choose. The best part of all though, is that most of the menu items here are cooked-to-order, with none of this pre-cooked stuff sitting all day in a steamer pan. Winnah, winnah, fresh outta' the flamin' wok Chinese dinnah! This past Mother's Day Sunday we enjoyed:Lemon Chicken. $6.75Rating: 5 starsNotes: The Lemon Chicken is incredibly tender, while the sauce isn't really "lemon-ee", but just has a hint of tang to it, while being more sweet and very savory. This is by far one of the best Lemon Chicken I've had yet and I highly recommend you order this dish if you're looking for some good Chinese style chicken. Sweet and Sour Pork Spare Ribs. $6.50Rating: 4 starsNotes: The Sweet and Sour Pork Spare Ribs are also fantastic, being fall-off-the-cartilage tender with a familiar sweet and sour sauce flavor. Nothing unusual or full of surprises. Just the way good Chinese Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs should taste. It's not swimming in sauce, but has just enough of it to keep it moist. Winnahz. Pork with Bitter Melon. $6.75Rating: 3Notes:  The sauce was a little harsh thanks to the Bitter Melon, and probably could  use some sugar or something to counter that, but overall a satisfying and healthy choice. Like all their other meat dishes, the bite-size pieces of pork in this dish is very tasty and super tender. Shrimp Ala Canton (Sweet & Sour Shrimp). $8.95Rating: 5 StarsNotes: The batter was fluffy, yet crispy, while the Sweet and Sour sauce tasted great and really brought out the flavor of the fresh, flavorful, sweet and tender shrimp tails. I seriously could have whacked the entire plate of Shrimp Ala Canton myself if given the opportunity. Another highly recommended dish! Beef with Broccoli. $6.75Rating: 3Notes: The Beef Broccoli was decent, but not the best I've ever had. The Broccoli was cooked to perfection, and so was the beef, which was tender as can ever be. The only problem I had with it was the gravy/sauce, which just didn't have that "wow" factor. Perhaps just a pinch of sugar or salt may have done it. Gon Lau Mein. $6.75Rating: 3Notes: A meal in itself, with plenty of veggies and pork in the mix. As with all my Yelp reviews, once again see the photo section to check out the dishes described above.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,8/15/2010,96,107,8,7,4>I told the waiter, who's nick name is Shohan (but prefers to go by Gohan), to refuse service if I return again today.  I've eaten there for the past two days and the spice has completely cleansed my insides.So far I've had: Samosas; curry - spinach, lamb, egg plant; garlic spinach naan bread; garlic, spinach and cheese naan bread; rice pudding.Curries (in general) - I'm happy to finally eat an Indian curry that doesn't taste like a dairy product. A lot of restaurants tend to cater to Western tastes by adding too much sweet into their dishes.  I'm glad they're "keeping it real" at this restaurant. Naan Breads - it's just amazing how much bread they give you.  You can ask them where you want the additional ingredients in the bread.  I asked them to put the garlic/cheese/spinach inside of the bread - they said "we don't usually do that, it's challenging, but we'll try".  When the bread arrived it was cooked exactly to our specifications.  So awesome!Rice Pudding - The rice pudding contains cinnamon, sugar, rice, milk, condensed milk and some other spice I couldn't figure out.  It tasted like it was made within the hour - not like some places that serve really old bread pudding from the frig.  It was topped with crushed pistashios for an extra CRUNCH.  After we were done with our meal, there was enough left overs for two people/lunches.  My only complaint is the weird Bollywood movies they play while dining.  I don't know why everything has to have dancing... or why all Indian dudes dance much better than their female counter-parts.  =\
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,8/14/2010,185,168,8,10,6>I'm not a fan of red meat and in most situations I would definitely pick a dish that had veggies as the main entree as opposed to a burger... but all of my senses were overrided when this place opened up right across the street from where I work.  Let me just break it down for you, I said I'd pick veggies over a meat dish, but for some reason I LOVED the flavors that I came back 3x in one week... THREE TIMES, that's a whole lotta cow.  Lol.  WARNING:  no matter what, you will come out of this place smelling like you were in a charcoal pit.  There's no way around it, just be prepared to answer any questions why you smell like you were just at Ala Moana Beach Park bbqing without inviting anyone else.I've only tried 2 things on the menu, though that was enough for me to get hooked.  The Pulehu Steak (8oz= $8.75 10oz= $9.95) with rice and toss salad.  I don't know what seasoning they put on the steak (though my coworker said it's supposed to be just basic salt and pepper... well, that's the best salt and pepper I've ever tasted in my life) but it is so good that even when you're full, you just want to keep eating till everything is gone from your plate.  But the item that I keep going back for is the Kobe burger (comes with lettuce, tomato, and onion), an 8 oz patty for $8.95 (fries not included).  I asked for it medium rare the first time, and it came out pretty rare (it looked like they cooked it 1 min. on each side) and the cow was pretty much still "moo-ing" but it was so juicy and good, it was literally the best meat I've ever tasted.  And for the price, it was a very good size.  I did order the steak fries on the side which is $2.95, and also made fresh by them.  They also have other adventerous things on the menu like ostrich burger, buffalo burger, and venison burger, or if you want plate lunch style they have kalbi, lamb chop, pork belly, etc.  This place is hands down, awesome.  If a restaurant can stray me away from eating my normal veggies and seafood then they're doing something right!!
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2010,8/13/2010,226,141,6,13,10>We've been to Roy's restaurants many times throughout the years. I'd say that I've become rather bored with Roy's because I almost always get the same thing: Butterfish.  We ended up heading to Roy's after a frustrating evening of trying to obtain a last minute reservation for two on a Saturday night. We called Roy's and they couldn't have been more gracious about fitting us in on a Saturday night.I was delighted to see that since our last visit, the Original Roy's has changed the menu to include some classics (including my old friend, Butterfish) but also some new choices. Moi and Ono among them. We chose to have the aforementioned, and were quite pleased with our choices. We also had the summer rolls and a wedge salad which they generously offered to serve us on different plates. We were querying the manager about the preparation of the moi and he recommended we talk directly to the chef about our dinner. He said the open air kitchen encourages communication from the diner to the kitchen and that their chef de cuisine Brian loves to talk about food. Having worked in restaurants and having a complete respect for any working chef, not to mention being aware of the typical tempers, I was a little nervous. But Brian couldn't have been more wonderful. I could have talked with him all night, alas, he had a job to do and we were on our way out. I'm a re-Roy's convert. We live all of 4 minutes from Roy's and I can guarantee that we will start visiting more regularly again. It was refreshing to be back in the hands of a restaurant who treats the diner with respect and dignity and doesn't make them feel as though they are doing the diner a favor by deigning to serve them. From the front door to the bartender to the service and the chef, everyone was professional, courteous and went well out of their way to ensure that we enjoyed our meal. Frankly, there are a lot of restaurants in Honolulu whose prices are similar, but the experiences aren't at all comparable. I have to tell this story as well, because it illustrates the class with which Roy's approaches the dining experience. Last year, we made a reservation there with our 4 nieces and nephews and their parents. 8 people, 4 of whom are children under 4. Most restaurants would be terrified, not Roy's. They put us in a location where we wouldn't bother other guests and where our very well behaved nieces and nephews could be children. When one of them got cold, our server brought her a table cloth to wrap herself in. When we wanted them to eat first, that was no problem. We had a fantastic time with the kids and the servers when way out their way to accommodate our unique situation.This is why Roy's restaurants are well known and well respected. They export Aloha.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,8/11/2010,107,148,2,9,9>I was walking over to the Blaisdell box office to purchase Bon Jovi tickets:) and while waiting to cross King Street, I saw this small flyer taped to the pole - Coral Cafe serving coffee and sandwiches, reallly? Medical Arts Building? Hmmmm, will have to stop by and I did...and I am glad I did.  Working in this area, you quickly get tired of the same old eateries: Subway, Safeway, Auntie Pasto's, McDonalds, etc.  Though this is not an ideal place for a cafe, it should get additional traffic from lunch goers next door and Goodwill employees - thanks to me:)  So far, good coffee and grilled cheese sandwiches.  And she carries my favorite vitamin water! What makes me come back is Rebecca-owner and operator.  She is very friendly and one of the nicest people I have come across.  The cafe opened in November so it is fairly new.  I support local small businesses and will continue to visit Coral Cafe.  Exercise+good drinks/munchies+ excellent customer service = a cafe worth visiting. I expect her business to expand.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,8/10/2010,362,1158,2,12,7>I love everything about this place.Yes, it is over priced, but what do you expect when it's pure and whole foods. And remember, you are with you eat. So feed yourself with whole some goodness.I got the Tempting Tempeh ($8.25) which is a sandwich with pan fried teriyaki tempeh, lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, aioli spread on a whole-wheat ciabatta bread. OMG, so good. They have Kinako cookies ($2.15) and Kinako latte ($.3.95). I LOVE it!And the Peace Musubi which is a play on the local spam musubi is totally cool. ($3.25)I was sad that Well Bento closed, but I'm no longer sad...there's Peace Cafe!**parking in the back**
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2010,8/9/2010,360,130,7,6,5>When my friend texted me saying there's a new Vietnamese coffee bar "Pink Cafe", I wasn't sure what made him think of me. Is it because I am an avid Yelp reviewer? Is it because I am Vietnamese? Is it because I have been drinking coffee daily since high school? Is it because I'm a big homo that couldn't resist an entirely pink cafe?Whatever the reason, I was definitely interested. I came in and had a cup of Iced Vietnamese coffee for $4. It was nice, nothing extraordinary. After talking to the owner, Joanne, she said they do karaoke at $1 a song. That's a really fresh idea, a karaoke cafe instead of a karaoke bar. Cute, sounds wholesome.This place is BYOB at $10 service charge per person. I'm not sure how much cheaper this is than an ordinary karaoke bar when you add on the $1 song, but it seems of equal pricing if you bring in  a few six packs and vodka.Let's talk about how fabulously campy this place is. It's like a Vietnamese Barbie cafe. Lavender pinks everywhere, faux flowers everywhere, and a disco ball! This place is freakin strange and adorable at the same time.Can't wait to see what this place is like at night when people are singing and drinking coffee/booze.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2010,8/8/2010,208,45,11,10,7>I've always heard about the fried chicken at this place through a bunch of mi compadres. I've made attempts at going to the KCC and Ward farmers market, and was cock blocked every single time I've gone there. I was getting pretty sad. I just wanted some chicken!!!!Then one magical day, I started following them on twitter and balance was restored in the universe again. One day, they mentioned free sweet tea. They got me at free. It could have been free punches in the face or free noogies, I still would've been there! FINALLY got to order my chicken plate. Asked for free tea, and the girl hooked it up and kept giving us refills. I was in heaven!The flavors I tasted in the next moments afterwards, were nothing but incredible. Since I am always trying to watch my round figure, my cheat meal better be fantastic! And it was! The chicken was really really really soft. Skin was crisp and delicious. And whatever the sauce that they drizzled on it, must have some sort of crack. I was hooked. I think they even used it on the cornbread that was included! AHHHHHThe plate also came with collared greens which I've never had before. It was interesting. I didn't like it, but I didn't not like it either. The coleslaw on the other hand, was delicious. And I HATE coleslaw. That's how good it was. At the end of the meal, I seriously wanted to stretch out on the sidewalk and take a long nap. This is some killer kanack attack stuff!On a side note, Chef Sean came out and was asking us about the food and such. Really nice guy.You guys definitely need to check this place out! I know I will!
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,8/7/2010,164,68,6,10,9>A group of friends and I decided we'd have a themed moped-riding activity one day.  My friend did some research online and found that Adventure Rentals in Waikiki had one of the best deals around ($35 to rent the moped all day + $7 insurance), and so she called in and made reservations for the five of us.  Although the location was a bit difficult to find (it's this makeshift alleyway looking area - a bit Diamond Head of King's Village on Kuhio Ave) and they didn't offer a lot for us to park our cars in (we carpooled/valet-ed at a nearby hotel), I'd say the fun was well worth it!  The majority of us had never ridden mopeds before, but the guy who was working there was very nice and informative about the safety aspect and what to expect in general.  We took the mopeds around Diamond Head, to Kahala, up to Hawaii Kai and back.  It was a great way to spend a Sunday :DSome tips:- Figure out your parking situation beforehand, whether you wanna pay for valet somewhere or bring coins for street meters- You might have to wait here and there, as there seems to be only one worker there at a time- Bring a handkerchief to wear under their (free) rental helmets- Don't forget to wear sunscreen
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,8/6/2010,33,62,4,10,5>I debated rating this between 4 or 5 stars, but I decided on the higher, and this is why. *The drive alone to this place is beautiful. You get a beautiful view of the Windward mountain range, the rolling hills, the lush greenery... it's serene. Bonus points for being not that far from H-1. *It's a historical landmark. Not that this alone makes this five stars, but that they have really kept it "as is" since 1922. Other Yelpers have commented that this place is "run down looking" but quite the contrary. I wouldn't expect an old building from 1922 to still look pristine. It's oldness gives it it's charm. Old photographs line the inside walls, and you really can get a sense of what the land looked like before Honolulu expanded to its present day form. *You choose between indoor or outdoor seating. If you choose the outdoor, pick to sit by the fountain. The sound of the water running attracts the local birds, which appear as curious about you as you about them. The sound of the birds and the water running is just amazing ambiance. Also, there are tents over you- so don't worry about the occasional rain shower (which when it does happen just adds to the scenery and you don't get wet.) If you choose indoor, you still have great views of the outdoors. Occasionally they have live music playing, which is light, airy, and fits in with the theme. *Tea service. Where else can you sit and sample several different kinds of tea (they bring loose tea out to you on a beautiful serving tray for you to choose from.) If you are not into hot tea- no problem, they have 4 (?) different kinds of iced tea, iced coffees, non alcoholic drinks (strawberry daiquiris, etc.) and soda, something for the whole family. *Food selection. Great for vegetarians (their vegetarian sandwich is yummy!) and carnivores alike, the sandwiches fit your appetite- you can order either a full or half sandwich, or soup and salad. There are just enough selections (including a couple with fish) to satisfy everyone's tastes, but not too many to feel overwhelming. Dessert- do not miss out! They hand make their pies and custards, and no matter how full you feel- there is always room for the dishes they have! *This place is great for locals and tourists alike. I take my family here when they come to visit on island, and have had lunch with friends as well. There is always a good mix of people here. Also, great for kids. It's nice enough that you can feel like a "grownup" yet casual enough that you don't have to worry about the kids spilling something on themselves. *Prices. According to family from the mainland, the prices at Waioli are comparable to those of mainland tea houses. Expect to pay about $8-10 for a sandwich/ soup salad. *Service. I have always had great service here, so I am not sure about the other reviews that have said it wasn't so good? If you go during a busy time (lunch time, brunch on the weekends) expect a little bit of a wait, but it really has never been that bad to where I found myself asking, "Where's my food?" "Where is my waiter?" *They have a great little gift shop where you or your guests can pick up tea cups and other homemade goodies. Overall, this is a great place to go for brunch/lunch. They also host private parties- baby/bridal showers, wedding receptions, etc. While I have never attended a shower there, I can see why it would be a great choice. I really have nothing bad to say about this place, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it!
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,8/5/2010,36,97,6,4,4>I'm a little amused by folks who walk into a small coffee place like FTLOC and expect to have a cafe experience. This isn't a fabled "third place" like Starbucks, where you go for the nirvana of sitting like a leach for hours using free wi-fi while consuming one small cup of burnt corporate coffee. This is a grab-and-go place, a coffee cart without the cart. Other than Fort Street Bar and Grill, there isn't a single food establishment in the Topa Tower that has ample seating (i.e., more than a few tables), so I think FTLOC deserves to be judged on the products it sells and the service provided rather than on the atmospherics and freebies.Bottom line: their coffee is good. It's strong because it's authentic. The foodstuff could probably be improved (scones, not so good), but the name of the place is For the Love of Coffee, not For the Love of Coffee, Pastries, Pancakes, Sandwiches, Etc. Infinitum. Presumably they sell those things because one can't survive selling coffee alone, and they should keep refining their non-coffee skills so that the stuff that goes with their coffee tastes as good and authentic as their java.And the service is always good. It's not often you find a place where they understand that as a customer, you deserve to be treated well. This is one of those places.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,8/4/2010,84,137,2,8,8>362 reviews and 4 1/2 stars? There really is not much more to say about Alan Wong's.  A few things, though...When you make reservations, tell them what the special occasion is--they'll print it on the top of your menu to make it personalized for you, like "HAPPY ANNIVERSARY ___ & ___!" or "HAPPY BIRTHDAY ___!" and all night, everyone from the hostess, to the sommelier, to the waiter, to everyone who happens to walk by, and the people dining next to you.Also, understand that eating here, this is a dining experience, not just dinner.  Now this may have been because I got the 5-course menu sampling with wine pairings (which I HIGHLY recommend), but everything came at an easy and unrushed pace.  It took us about 2 hours to enjoy dinner.Everything we had here was delicious, but there are a few dishes that are worth mentioning.  There were tons of the "Soup and sandwich" floating around from the kitchen to almost every table.  This is chilled vine ripened Hamakua Springs tomato soup with grilled mozzarella cheese, foie gras, kalua pig sandwich.The highlight of the night for me was the twice cooked shortrib, soy braised and grilled "kalbi" style.  This is topped with 2 gingered shrimp and ko choo jang sauce.  They placed a steak knife on the table right before this dish came out, but it's only for appearances.  If you try to slide the dish across the table, the shortrib will fall apart.  It is that tender.  'nuf said.The steamed shellfish bowl contains lobster, dungeness crab, shrimp and clams, roasted garlic smashed potatoes lining the bottom of the bowl, baby fennel, bouillabaisse style broth (with curry and saffron), and chili pepper aioli.  What a rich and delicious broth.  To me, anything with saffron is just fantastic.Some high-end restaurants are obviously expensive, but there's no question that Alan Wong's is definitely worth it's price.  Even in this economy, all the patrons of this full house would agree.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,8/3/2010,7,33,7,7,7>Wow I just wasted a year of my life! I live upstairs and never even realized this place was here until this morning lol. If you want some coffee and bagels in a very relaxing quiet setup this is the place. Their coffee is also amazing. They have espresso shakes which are basically frapps but eay better then starbucks and yes I do love starbucks.I also tried for the first time. a waffle dog... Only a dollar and very good I kind of ate it in 3 bites but no one was around and I was hungry lol.This is a mom and pop shop both very friendly they mentioned get the app "where" on my blackberry for discounts.I will upload some of the pictures later today.Enjoy my only regret is I didn't try it sooner this place is going to make daily ritual status hhhahahha
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2010,8/2/2010,82,144,11,8,8>Freaking broke Da Face.Not Da Mouth. Da Face. Had dinner at Da Kitchen.  I may never eat anything ever again.  Or at least tonight. For the record, I have been to Da Kitchen on Maui (wrote a review too) and *LOVED* it to pieces so this is not new for me.  I read that we wouldn't find parking and live just on the other side of the park, but my hungrier half is temporarily crippled, so we had to drive.  Luckily we found street parking not far. As expected for dinner time on a Friday night, it was packed, but they seated us within a few minutes...more than 5, less than 10.  We sat on the patio. The workers are uber friendly, like they've been injected with saccharine and Stepford-wife trained.  That's actually a compliment...anything you ask for, you get a sugary sweet, "Sure! Anything else?" The prices are so not bad.  The mix plate was $15, but the regular plates are $9 or so which is not bad at all for dinner and when you actually figure in how ridiculously big the portions are (and that you can get two meals out of it), it's actually a bargain meal!  And drinks are around $2-$2.50, come in huge cups, and my favorite part...are bottomless! I'm a firm believer in trying everything in one sitting...or at least trying to try everything in one sitting.  I usually fail.  (Again, see my Maui review.)I decided that we would share the mix plate of loco moco and chicken katsu.  For the salad I chose the papaya seed dressing.   I figured we would attempt to be healthy and share the Chinese Chicken Salad. I've decided that as wonderful as the Chinese Chicken Salad is, it is pointless. Not when their loco moco rivals being added as the 8th wonder of the world and their chicken katsu is worthy of a week long fast to compensate for the calories.  And then there's the gravy...there are no words. Like I said, broke Da Face.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,8/1/2010,392,296,9,12,8>Haven't eaten here in a while and I don't know why cause the "beef stew" wun tun mein is the cat's meow (no pun intended).  I am NOT kidding.  The star anise and the soft pieces of beef brisket/tendon is just BROK DA MOUT.  Mix that with a great steaming hot broth.  You cannot beat it.  The noodles are hong kong style skinny noodles and it is just right, not too soft and not too hard, just right.You gotta try the minute chicken cake noodle too.  Not your normal MC cake noodle you get at your "round the corner" chinese place.  This has chicken WITH bones still on to bring out the flavor of the sauce and MAN is it good.  The choi sum is cooked just right too, not too soft, not to underdone....just right again.The only thing that is sad is that there aren't that many seats inside and you may have  to wait a little bit.  It is so worth it tho.  The place seats about 25 max so be ready to squeeze in!  I really don't know why I haven't gone here in a while.  I must be going insane.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,7/31/2010,357,142,8,17,11>It's been a week since I stepped into Happy Cake Cafe on a rainy afternoon. I was on my way home, I had taken the bus that day instead of driving. It started pouring just as I stepped out of Wholesale Limited (my last planned stop that day), and that's when I saw the Happy Cake Cafe.Since I'm a crazy tweaker on yelp, I checked it out on my yelp iphone app. No reviews, no pictures. Perfect opportunity for me to review it, plus I could smell the coffee from outside the store. Besides, I don't know where else I could have gone to wait in that small shopping center since there's only Likelike Drive-inn, Wholesale Unlimited, Clearwire, Morning Glory, and Happy Cake. I walked in expecting to see tables and a coffee menu. I was totally wrong. The name said it all, it's a place that serves happy cakes. One table, lots of cakes on display. The owner, Owen, was behind the counter, said hello, and asked me if I had ever heard of Happy Cakes. I hadn't ever heard of it, so Owen went on to explain that Happy Cakes are cakes with pineapple, macadamia nut, and coconut. He mentioned that this was the same cake recipe from Kemoo Farms in Wahiawa.I have to be honest. Once I heard what Happy Cakes were made of, I was rather sad. I don't particularly like eating pineapple or coconut, so the ingredients were kind of a turn-off for me. However, I figured that I would still buy a coffee and wait out the rain. But next came the offer for a free sample. I said okay because I figured I might as well try it (and free is free). This was probably the first time in 5 years that I ate pineapple. The Happy Cake caught me off-guard. I was expecting a pineapple explosion, but the mixture of the pineapple, coconut, and mac nut was actually really good! I still could taste the larger pineapple pieces, but it tasted kind of like candied pineapple.. Surprise, surprise! I actually went on to buy a piece of Happy Cake.  I came in for coffee and a place to escape the rain, and I discovered a really tasty cake that is made of my least favorite fruits. (They also have a chocolate mac nut brownie as well for those totally adverse to Happy Cake by now.)After having a lengthy conversation with Owen, I found out more about the Kemoo Farms cake, their recent launch of coffee at their cafe, and that they opened in late 2009 at their current location. I also learned about the time and care that it takes to make these little cakes. The cakes are rather pricey, but after learning about their ingredients and baking process, I completely understand their pricing. Plus, it really is a different kind of dessert. If you're tired of the cupcakes, shave ice, donuts, ice cream, and smoothies, this is something different that you may want to try (even if you're like me and hate coconut or pineapple). For those that truly abhor coconut and pineapple, try the chocolate mac nut brownie. It's a really small shop that you could miss, it's located right next to Likelike Drive-inn. The owner was super friendly and super excited to get more people to visit his shop so he could share his Kemoo Farms Happy Cake with everyone. I am definitely planning on going back, it was fate for me to discover this hidden treasure on that lazy rainy day.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,7/30/2010,144,174,8,7,6>Do you remember that annoyingly fantastic song by Styx in the 80's called 'Mr. Roboto'? There's a line in there that goes "secret, secret, I've got a secret" and for some reason I always think of that line when I eat here. This place seems like a well kept secret by the locals that have been lucky enough to be "in the know" over the past couple of decades.I've only been coming here for a couple of months and was hesitant to yelp it because the guy I heard about it from said not to tell anyone. He said the place is already too crowded and if it gets busier, the prices might go up, so, "Shhhhh" don't tell anyone I told you OK?The things i've tried:Fried Chicken: excellentPork Cutlet: excellentPrime Rib: super excellentGrilled Mahi: goodCheeseburger: OKThe thing about this place are the prices, the prime rib was HUGE and was only $14, the pork cutlet, fried chicken, and the cheeseburger/fries were only $5, I think the mahi was $8. The portions are generous too and the plates include the standard 2 scoops of white or brown rice and a scoop of mac salad (or a green salad).Parking can be a challenge and the neighborhood might seem sketchy at first but I don't think there's anything to worry about....except maybe for some of the old local diners giving  you the stink eye if they know you're a first timer. No biggie, just make like you've known about it forever and you'll be fine.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,7/29/2010,266,263,6,7,6>IF YOU LOVE KAL-BI & MEAT JUN YOU MUST COME HERE!Went here for Thomas O.'s birthday with 5 people. Cute little place, nice and cool with AC thank god! There's a HUGE sign that clearly states that she doesn't use MSG. YAY! No headaches!The lady who works there is so funny. When we sat down, she asked us if it was our first time and then she asked the other people who had just finished eating what they recommended to us.We were going to get fried mandoo and she was like, "Get steamed," and we were like, "Okay!" Mother knows best. Good choice, dough was soft, pork, green onion I wanna say, those brown noodles, don't really know the name for it. Eat it with the sauce that comes with it, otherwise by itself it comes off bland.We also got the specialty fried wings that had just the right amount of spiciness. I usually don't like really hot and spicy food so this was a plus. However she did ask me if I was pregnant -_- because I wanted mild, I guess I'm eating out too much. So there is no MILD, only hot and SUPAH HOT. I don't know if anyone remembers but there used to be a restaurant in Kalihi right across Dilingham DMV called Ja-Ja. Their specialty fried wings taste exactly like that which amazed me. It was so good, cripsy, and filled with flavor!Her kim chee fried rice was pretty good, however I'm convince that nobody can beat the one near the lounge at HPU. Lots of vegetables, comes with fried egg on top.KAL-BI IS AMAZING! Best I ever had! If you come here you MUST eat this. Very well-marinated, the fat was juicy and just enough for me. Comes out on a sizzling hot plate. 5pc. is recommended for more than 5 people. Now the meat jun. Our friend calls it the "meat omelette." The egg was moist, decent and the meat was good but I think what really made it awesome was the sauce. I soaked that meat jun in there! It was a perfect amount of sweet and went great with the rest of the dishes we ordered. I'm still convinced that Young's Kalbee has the best meat jun on the island however Ah-Lang is definitely number two.Comes with assorted vegetables like the usual bean sprouts, etc.The lady is the owner, waitress and the cook, so there is a wait but once you eat her food, you forget about the time. She has a colorful personality, sassy! but in a good way, very outgoing and intimidating. I saw her talking to other group of people and she was sippin' on her Bud Light, made me laugh.One of our friends said that he wanted to be adopted and have her as a Korean mother. I swear, I wonder if her and the owner from Young's Kalbee are part of a Korean BBQ single woman super team of some sort. Hands down, best Korean food I've had on the island.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,7/28/2010,419,552,9,9,9>Okay, this place is awesome.  Friend's been coming here as his "secret" spot for years and finally decided to share it with me.Literally walked through a time warp as if Don Ho and Martin Denny music suddenly flooded my ears.  Funky & authentic.  I immediately envisioned my grandparents coming here in classic Hawai'i 5-0 attire sipping Mai Tais and Zombies.Bellied up to the bar and ordered beers and burgers with sweet potato fries.  Food was okay, not the best, but hit the spot as we took in the kitschy view.  Skipped the mixed drinks (yeah, I know), but plan to come more often and try them soon.Where has this been all my life?  Answer, here.  Waiting for my slow a*s to discover.  "Sorry, you're too far away to check in here."   Of course, I'm in the middle of nowhere, transported to 1950's Hawai'i.  Check-ins never existed back in the day.  Sweet!
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,7/27/2010,74,28,6,14,8>Searching craigslist for bikes, parts, jobs and the occasional... missed connection - I stumbled upon the blog for The Kickstand café (thekickstand808.blogspot…). Being an avid biker and occasional café patron I though this could be the perfect place for me - curious I decided to take a physical look. On the corner of Waialae Ave and 9th - in Kaimuki, (above the Champa Thai restaurant) sits The Kickstand. You'll know you are at the right place when you see the road bike sitting atop the 2nd story ledge outside of a light blue room - what looks to be a bedroom. At first the entrance eluded us until we came across the open door with ascending stairs. We assumed this was the opening because the walls were colored the same light blue as the room above. Sheepishly we walked in and were instantly greeted."Hello! Welcome to the Kickstand!" said Cyrus - the very friendly proprietor.The Kickstand (opened last September) is a very cute (as in tiny) bicycle shop and café. It has a very inviting, friendly, Grass roots atmosphere. The bicycle side of the business focuses on the sell, repair and restoration bicycles - mostly targeted towards the Fixed Gear/Single Speed community but not exclusively. Cyrus the owner and fixed gear enthusiast thought the Honolulu bike community was lacking a shop specifically geared (no pun intended) towards the fixie community. The Kickstand was his answer. The small Retail space is sparsely supplied with bicycle related materials - local screened t-shirts, restored bike frames, wheelsets, magazines, helmets, messenger bags and other accessories. Aside from it being a retail space it is also a place for bicycle maintenance, repair and training. For a fee of $60 single and $100 for a couple you can learn to restore, repair and build your own bike without having to do any guess work or acquire a complete bike work station. Everything you would need would be supplied (except for bike and parts). As for the café side of kickstand - it is a bit underdeveloped (we didn't try any snacks) but supposedly the cafe has a small menu of coffee, pastries and natural energy treats. The menu should be expanding in the near future. Over all I am very happy I checked out the place. If you are like me and am interested in bike related whatnots I think the Kickstand is definitely a somewhere for you to check out. Hours are Tuesday through Friday, 6:00 pm to 10:00 pm and Sunday 10:00 am to 4:00 pm.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,7/26/2010,265,441,7,9,10>How many of us have stated out loud, or at least in our minds, "Why can't there be an In-N-Out on O'ahu"? Just the very idea of having a place so simplistic and delicious makes all of our mouths water for the chance of biting into a double-double once again, or a chance to order anything 'animal-style'. Coming from San Diego, In-N-Out is somewhat of a staple, everyone has been through one and everyone loves them, from their real ice-cream shakes and never-frozen fries to their secret-menu grilled cheese and low-carb, bun-less burger.But alas, they are simply a mainland luxury like Sonic Burger and Chipotle. So what's a hungry guy to do when they want a taste from home and craving a simple burger? The answer is no far away than a drive to Kaimuki. Once my 'hood', I never knew this place existed until a laid-back Sunday afternoon; chillin with Justin R. he asked if I wanted a burger - how can anyone turn that down? And W&M was our destination.Larger than a hole-in-the-wall yet far from a restaurant, W&M Bar-B-Q Burger has about 6 parking stalls and no sitting room. As it was explained to me, you buy it here and eat it someplace else. Just like an In-N-Out Burger, your menu choices are limited: A Hamburger or a B.B.Q Steak and toppings elevate the price. You can get a Hot Dog or a Hal Special (a morph combination of a Hamburger and B.B.Q Steak) and a drink. Sides are simply: Fries or a Crab Flavored Salad.Everything about this place screams In-N-Out, all that is missing is the scripture on the bottom of the cups, John 3:16.This place is the closest you can get if you're craving a delicious reminder of home. W&M is not In-N-Out by any light, the two though have similar spirits. W&M has a huge history and it's about as local as you can get. I will definitely come back and for that Five-Stars all the way, especially since the fries here are (in my humble opinion) better than In-N-Out. W&M's fries don't turn into cardboard strips when they cool down like In-N-Out's fries do. RECOMMENDATION: all though this was my first visit, I simply got the ROYAL Hamburger, and believe me I began to recite Ezekiel 25:17 after I saw that was on the menu... and it included cheese.  So when you're on that path of the righteous, be sure to do good deeds on your way and be your brother's keeper and try not to poison or destroy them because you are not going to want anyone to strike down upon you, with vengeance when you're enjoying you W&M Hamburger - that would be a bad day for you.  I also got a side of fries and a medium Green River to settle down any future wrath. The only sad part: Closed Mondays and Tuesdays.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,7/25/2010,221,283,11,4,7>Bangkok Chef will BANG YOUR EFFING MOUTH OFF if you order "hot" instead of mild; even the "medium" is intense. Once I got something so hot that after 5 minutes of eating it I had to run home (I live 10 minutes walking uphill) clenching my anus.So, if you're not looking for an anal cleanse, order mild because there is no bathroom for you to use there. Unless you want to disappear into the parking lot in back.The food is tasty. Thai isn't my favorite, but I do like it here. Good prices. Hard to get a seat sometimes. LOVE eating in a rennovated garage. Also like to browse the produce and grass jelly beverages while I'm waiting for my food.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,7/24/2010,166,538,4,5,3>LUV THIS PLACE!!!!!  My sis organized my birthday soiree here & EVERYONE had an amazing time, including the boys who claimed they weren't "feelin" it in the planning stages prior to the event. Yeah right--they had such a good time, we had to extend an extra hour and pry them from hoggin the mics!  The front desk staff were courteous & made everyone feel welcome. The lobby was well lit and gave you that 'I'm in a safe place' feeling which isn't the case in a lot of the other karaoke bars.We had the largest room downstairs & while we had about 20-30 through the night, we could've hosted 40 comfortably. The place was clean, climate controlled & provided the perfect venue for the aiga & friends!
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,7/23/2010,680,99,3,10,5>ZenShu has been open for 1.5 years now and i've come on many an occasion - lunch, dinner, late-night, but mostly for pau hana pupus and drinks - so you're prolly wondering why i haven't reviewed them before. well, they've come a long way from their beginnings; i always felt they had the potential to be a "5" and now i feel they're there!last night we scored a coveted parking spot in the back, were seated right away and as always the service was excellent. they explained dishes we had questions about, and even made sure my pregnant friend's korean caesar salad didn't contain raw egg. i don't eat sushi, but i love their okonomiyaki fries, lemongrass pork chops and sanshio tempura. my husband on the other hand is a sushi monster so he had a couple hamachi nigiri and their special sushi of the night - wagyu. (after eating at Craftsteak in vegas we're skeptical about anything "wagyu" but they even showed us the piece of meat and my husband said it was much better than Craftsteak). he also likes their extensive natto menu, just one of the things that makes ZenShu unique. their whole menu is a twist on traditional asian fare, and they have weekly food specials as well as nightly drink specials.which brings me to one of my favorite things about this place: their sake! they have a full bar but also about 20 different sakes. and you don't just get a wimpy shotglass-full; they bring out the whole 1.8L bottle and ceremoniously pour as you watch them wide-eyed fill the glass and overflow into the laquer box. i believe it's the most generous pour in hawaii, and that makes me happy :) anyhoo, if you've had a mediocre experience before i suggest you try them again. and hopefully they'll just keep getting better and better!
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,7/22/2010,32,630,6,8,6>Came here for lunch at 1245 and it wasnt crowded so thats good.  We did have a bit of a wait to get seated though b/c the hostess said she had to "set up" our table? even though it was already set? o wells...anyway, the dining area is not that big, as I was expecting it to be bigger, so I would assume that there would be long waits on busy days.  The decor is quite interesting with abstract/illusion like paintings along the walls so thats pretty cool.  Not really a "thai" like atmosphere.  Anyway, on to the food.  The menu is pretty big with the usual thai apps like spring rolls, stuffed chicken wings, and entrees of curries and house specialties.  For an app my friend recommended I try the crispy noodles because he tried it from another restaurant and liked it so thats what we got.  For our entrees I was craving for some pad thai so we got that with chicken and also the red curry (hot) with shrimp.  When the crispy noodles came out i was surprised at how big it was, it was like a hay stack of white crispy noodles with a few pieces of fried tofu, bean sprouts and carrots throughout.  It also came with the sauce already on top.  My friend was right, it was good and while taking my first bit it thought that it tasted really familiar, like the sauce and noodles reminded me of something that i've tasted before but just couldn't put my finger on it.  As for the entrees, it came at weird times, the curry came first and then the pad thai came like 5 mins later so we were there just sitting and waiting till the noodles came.  it would have been better if they both came at the same time so that I  wouldn't have to wait salivating over the curry and waiting for it to be complete with the noodles.  Anyway, when it came I went for the noodles first and it was pretty good, but different from the pad thai that i had before. Phuket's noodles were thinner and the flavor was a bit different; more on the "sour/tangy" side but still very good.  The curry was also delish but not HOT, it was actually quite mild.  Idk if they maybe toned it down for us because they thought we couldnt "handle" the heat, but yea, it was NOT hot =P.  The shrimp was cooked well, moist and tender, and also contained pieces of sliced jalapeno, bamboo shoots, eggplant and basil leaves.  Overall the food was really good and satisfied my craving for some thai =9
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,7/21/2010,272,94,5,4,4>yes yes, everyone's comparing hot pot heaven and home sweet cafe. i think both are great in their own ways. this restaurant is not perfect, it's only been open for 1 week! so i understand things aren't in order yet. everyone's still getting use to how to run the place, portions etc. but i think this place has got much potential. the staff was very friendly and to me the service was great.what's different about this place? the soups here are a totally different flavor from homesweet. so therefore i don't really compare it with homesweet.  and in my opinion the soup was good! i had the thai broth, and seafood. the seafood had some kick to it, quite spicy as well! ingredients? well the choices of meats and seafood here in my opinion was better. the beef, pork, and tongue looked way more fresh & way more tender. i personally like the whole shrimp, nice large size shrimp i can't complain. the crab was actual real snow crab! now this was awesome! the veggies etc the same. for whatever ingredients they had i thought the quality was better. but the selection was fewer than home sweet cafe i think. but i'm sure in the weeks to come these guys will be stocking up.the sauce section was small compared to home sweet. but i was happy with what i had anyways, im easy i guess...i went at about 8 oclock and there was no wait for me luckily. do you even know the crap i gotta go through at home sweet cafe? must have almost got into fights there twice! so no wait is always a plus!with the discount for grandopening, it's a great time to go and check out this place. i think it's a great alternative to home sweet cafe. as the soups are different and so are some of the ingredients.  home sweet cafe set the standard for the rest that are opening up. but im judging this as if i never ate there. me i'm happy with what i had. so judging on food taste/quality/ price i rate it 5 stars.yes! now there's vietnamese hot pot mofos!!!!
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,7/20/2010,487,140,3,9,4>It's really interesting how mixed the reviews are on this place. Is it great or does it suck ass? I have been to this place probably 10 times and I always always leave satisfied. I've been here with small groups, big groups, on a date and  get solid attention from the wait staff, who have always been incredibly friendly. For our big groups, we've always easily gotten seats, so you should probably make reservations in advance for 5 or more people. The menu does not deviate from the norm of sushi. Pretty run of the mill stuff here. I think everything I've ever tried is great though: Dynamite roll (my personal fave), hamachi, caterpillar, ume roll, spicy ahi, california, tofu salad, chicken karaage, bacon wrapped asparagus, it's all been really good and consistent. I always let other people order the sake, so I can't comment on the sake menu, but I know I always like what's in my little sake cup: ) Parking lot is small, but for some reason, I've always had luck finding a space here. It's a comfy modern environment,  so that's a plus too. I've been to this place many times and will undoubtedly return for more. It's one of our old stand by's for large groups cuz we can order family style and try a bit of everything on the menu. I think the pricing is pretty reasonable when you break it down like that.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,7/19/2010,252,339,1,10,8>What a sweet little hideout -- and on the edge of downtown Honolulu, of all places!The menu here is relatively small, and because they attract the downtown/Capitol District lunch crowd, they can run out of popular menu items quickly, but what I love is that you can get a variety of foods here. If you're feeling like something heavier, they have plate lunch specials. If you just want a salad or sandwich, they have that, too. Acai bowl? Check! (Don't mind the color -- it's yummy!)The ambiance is lovely, tucked away on Kawaiahao Street (where there's lots of metered parking available) just away from the bustle of busy South King. You can't help but relax as you wait for your food in the shade of their garden. The employees are mellow and super nice, as well. Highly recommended!
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,7/18/2010,135,212,11,15,15>Talk about about finding that pot of gold in the middle of shanti town! I mean literally (no get mad now, Ewa 4Eva peeps), Old Fort Weaver Road, if you have never driven through it, it's the freekin' boonies, yo! Seriously. Then all of the sudden, out of nowhere, a light colored building that houses both a frame shop and Ai Yai Yai! - Taste of Puerto Rico! Muchas gracias to Lillian K. for recommending this place!Inside is a small store front with a woman sitting behind the counter. All the food is already precooked and ready to go, which was fine with me cause after cycling and getting rained on through the Ewa back roads, I was sure in the mood for something hot and delicioso! And already being familiar with the "local" style version of Puerto Rican cuisine, I already knew what to order. Being Asian and growing up in Hawaii, we need to have our rice and also have had it served to us in many different ways. Filipino adobo and omlette fried rice, Chinese and Japanese style...Spanish? Brown and white mix??! But gandules rice is something I probably wouldn't of had known about if it wasn't for growing with up a few Puerto Ricans in da hood. For those who have never tried it, it's similar to Spanish rice but not as soft/damp and with an earthier flavor. Mainly from the pidgeon peas, chopped onions/garlic and olives. TOPR makes a great version of this rice and effin' packs it on. Like seriously, packs it on. Carb lovers will shovel and smile.Being used to the Hawaii version of pasteles (which is similar to a tamale, but uses green bananas instead of the pork being cooked in corn), I was thrown off a little by the "authentic" version, which uses plantain instead of green banana. Trying TOPR's, I didn't find it as tasty. It was a bit more vinegary and also had a strange, spicy bite that I didn't really care for. Good? Sure, though not the best I've had. I can understand how this might sound blasphemous to some of you. But I can also see locals cringing if they found out about a foreign Hawaiian food place that used spinach instead of taro leaf in their lau lau, right?Now the thing that really threw me off the most here is their macaroni salad. I usually get the bacalao (salted cod) salad with my pastele and gandule rice, but they were out by the time I got there. The macaroni salad here is the type that's mayonaised lightly. You know, the kind you see at health food delis and such. Though this sh*t is still bad for you, it's still the better alternative...HOWEVER! TOPR puts large cubes of raw SPAM into theirs. Yes, raw as in right out in the can and in with the rest of the goods. The mac salad wasn't bad at all, just equipped with a little surprise I wasn't expecting. LOL!In all, recommended! For the Gandules rice alone (pastele plate with rice and salad, $7.75)? Absolutely. Also note, limited seating here: one table inside and two on the outside. Parking lot? None, but get planny space on da side of da road.4 starsTaste of Puerto Rico on Old Fort Weaver Road
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,7/17/2010,731,1118,4,4,4>When one goes to Nicos, don't let the long lines or the sheer amount of people intimidate you. The lines go quickly and the tables open up. The plate lunches at Nicos are very good and also very affordable. How can you go wrong with that?Don't bother ordering the local favorites like chicken katsu, loco moco, etc. since the fish is what you go there for. The fish is fresh, no question about it. You can taste the freshness and the quality. It is full of flavor and doesn't disappoint. Believe me. You will not be disappointed. I loved the furikake ahi and the panko crusted ahi with oregano was to die for. Be sure to check out the fresh catch and the specials for the day. Oh and yes...this is the place that was on Diners Drive Ins and Dives
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,7/16/2010,58,57,,13,4>Bogart's, Cove bar, Cafe Kalia- these places are very similar and popular. Each is different and unique for its food, ambiance,price and service. For all three places - what gets to us, the loyal customers, all the most has to be the WAIT. Indeed, the time that takes us to get there, find parking, (not so much for Cafe Kalia), get in the line, and wait.Honestly, I can't tell you which place is my favorite. Cove bar and Bogart's  are once a month gathering hole, or a quick ( theoretically speaking) spot after surfing around Diamond Head/Waiks.  First of all, I like the speedy gonzales - lady-who works the counter at Bogart's! She knows how to deal with people under pressure and stress. Five Star for her, if you are a regular patron you know who she is. She gets the coffee asap and takes your order asap. Although, the wait is longer to get in the food takes longer, especially ,when it's slammin. Anyway, if you are lucky you can grab a table or the couch seating and relax! Talk stories while you wait, don't come here expecting the fast food service. Secondly, I love the bagels here, it's cheap ,warm, healthy and hearty. Sometimes, I get the "Hawaiian"Waffles, with light cream and fresh fruits. I have tried their various omelettes with home fries , pretty tasty and not as expensive as other spots. The regular coffee is smooth, I don't drink fancy nancy coffee concoction. My friends have enjoyed their lattes and what not in the past.Finally, I like the wall arts and ambiance. I can walk in barefoot, in my bikini or boardshorts... it's very laid back despite the crowd. It has the down -home- country feel in the midst of hustle and bustle.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,7/15/2010,358,275,12,10,5>I've had this place bookmarked for oh, FOREVER. And was it worth the hype? INDUBITABLY! And hey, was it a little scary because I had no idea what to expect or what to do? Yes...but it was a fun fun experience. First of all, there was a huge line and a wait list that I was supposed to self sign-up for, and all the people around me were speaking Chinese (which I am and look, so it's sometimes embarrassing that I can't speak), and I didn't really know what to do, and then this in-charge Taiwanese (?) woman comes out and says, "Kimberly! I take order now. Save time, yeah? Ninety minutes!" When I tell her I've never been here before, she hands me a menu and says, "Most common item 6, 7, 9," then moves on the next person. I learned from the 'next person' who "had" been there before the basic idea....she said "what kind soup" and when he said "spicy and herb," she said, "that's too much soup. Save money. Only order one. Too much soup, yeh? You want any meat from the ktichen?"  So I learned to order 1 soup for two people...We actually only had to wait for 10 minutes despite the huge line. The lady came out, yelled, "Kimberly!" and I followed her in. When we got there, she said, "You share table. Ninety minutes!"  I said OK. She said it again, "Ninety minutes! ...I take your order already, right?" "No." "Aiyahhhhhh! Oh noooooo!" Then this old guy came up and said, "When you get old, things happen!" And she kept saying Aiyahhhhhhh, which is when the old white guy sharing our table started chuckling and said, "well now! I don't know!" and the first old guy said, " No No, I don't talk about you," and he looked at the woman, who was done saying "Aiyah!" and turned to me, "Kimberly, what you want order?"the House Special because I really had no idea what was going on."HOUSE SPECIAL!" she yelled to the kitchen, then "Niney minutes!" back to me. Five seconds later they bring out this giant bowl of soup and turn on the heater thing. Guy and I sat there queasily....and looked at the people next to us...and looked at the people around us....and finally I figured that maybe we could get the plates of froodz from the fridges in back and dump them in our soup. So we timidly go the glass cases and get royal mushrooms, udon, cabbage, sweet potato. We procure chicken from the kitchen and awkardly dump the food into the bubbling soup. Then we akwardly sit and stare around us. Our shared table partners are having a funny dialogue with the busboy, who reminds me of my brother with his genuine care for us and his funny comments like, "whoa, you guys stay making me hungry!" when he sees us dump all our food awkarldy in the soup. The very Chinese lady at our table is jabbering at the busboy in Chinese, and he's like, "Uhh sorry I'm Korean." then she drills him on "How do you say thank you?" "Shey shey" "No! In Korean!" and on. It's pretty funny. She gets this magnificent looking Taiwanese shave ice with boba, tapioca, pudding, mango, condensed milk and I'm like wowww and she's like "You get one too! You get one too! Free!" Cracked me up. Next she gets the check and starts hooting, "OHHHH we get five percent because we share table! Wowww five percent! Let's share table next time too! What time you coming here next week? Seven thirty! hahahahahaha!" So funny! I loved it! And then, "You know the secret? Take home the soup! You go Don Quijote, buy udon for one dollar, and next day you have big lunch for free! HAHHAHAHAHA!" She seriously made my day. Well, her and the waitress/hostess and the busboy too.  And the food. Very healthy, tasty, and a fun experience. Ok, so the hostess sees that we've just finished the last bite of food.  time for us to get our shave ice. '"DESSERT ON 3A" she bellows to someone five feet away from her. Hilarious. Loved it. Every second. and whatever warm and delicious pudding they put on the dessert is a winner. So is the consistency of the boba--chewy, cooked all the way through, not gooey. Very nice. Felt full, healthy, and super energized!Maybe the most amazing part of all is when the bill came and it was only $24! For 2 people! For dinner! We spend more than that on breakfast at McDonald's. seriously people. This place is for real. GO!
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,7/14/2010,1394,153,6,17,13>I can't believe no one reviewed this place yet and it's been open for so long!!So this place is expensive and that's why they don't get 5 stars, but it is what it is.I would go to Down to Earth pretty much all the time over Kale's, even though Kale's is right down the street from me, but they do have AWESOME food!!I am in LOVE with their Vegan Banana Hazelnut bread....it's homemade and it's SO good!! So moist and dense, just how it should be!! Now they even make it with or without chocolate chips!! The chocolate chips are vegan too and they taste SO delicious!!They have veggie burgers, wraps, melts, smoothies, and they always have food samples right when you walk in of their delicious food they make!! Always try it!! This is a good health food store and when Kale and his wife are actually working, they really know their stuff!! The other staff members need to be more attentive and helpful, but all in all, very good :)
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,7/13/2010,164,88,7,12,8>Update to Shay's review: they're doing parking validations now. No need to park across the street or at the starbucks next door. Hawaii's been in a do-it-yourself food craze. From Yakiniku to self-serve yogurt and salad bars, something about making your own food feels oddly satisfying. The newest entry in this is self-serve... cereal?Cereal Remix in Aiea is this new business locate next to Waimalu Starbucks that let's you... make your own cereal. Now, I know what you're thinking... I can make cereal at home, why should I go here for that?Well, my kitchen isn't stocked with 30 different types of cereal and toppings galore. Also, my kitchen doesn't have the Megamix challenge, which is a gallon of cereal, a gallon of milk, whatever toppings you can fit onto the thing and 45 minutes to finish. I believe you get a shirt and a picture upon completion. Also, the odd satisfaction of knowing you finished that ordeal. Stomach ache may vary. I kept it simple with the original sized bowl, filled it with Reece's Puffs and Cookie Crisp (you can mix and match your cereal) and topped it like this was Yogurtland: almonds, gummi bears, twix, M&Ms, and honey. Yeah, this is like the 9-year-old you throwing whatever they want into cereal and not having Mom to tell you stop. But, she might have been on to something. This is deceptively sweet, as the blending of flavors catches up towards the end and your bowl of cereal can quickly turn into a bowl of fail. Oh, the food quality... well, this isn't all that complicated, it's cereal and milk. Not too serious. Good, but simple.Cash only for the time being, but the guy there (I'm assuming he's the owner) said they should be getting the credit card machine up and running in a week or so.Since I can't do half ratings, I'm gonna spot the extra and call this a 3.5 out of 5.  There's only one counter with three stools and that was being used by the two people doing the challenge. (BTW, according to their Facebook, the female taking the challenge finished in 27 minutes. YIKES.)Anyway, this is definitely something you should try at least once and it's  a fun concept.  You're gonna have to wander around the building to get to it, since the shop isn't visible from the street, but it's worth your while to head over there.  I did get a lot of questions when we wandered back to Starbucks to enjoy the cereal, drumming up a little more business for the place.Spread the word, this place is more fun than you think. But yeah, keep your 9-year-old self in check and talk yourself out of the gummi bears... they basically solidify in milk.  Otherwise, go nuts. Literally.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/12/2010,7/12/2010,9,40,2,20,2>Went  here for the first time last week thursday for a mani pedi.  Very cute little nail salon that is spacious and not cluttered.  The girl that did my mani pedi was NJ she is really nice and sweet.  Started off with a pedi first which  gave me some time to decide if i wanted to get a regular mani or go for the calgel.  After hearing the owner talk about it i decided to try the calgel.  NJ did a great job and it came out great.  As i was leaving i noticed i had a smudge on my toe and NJ was nice enough to re-paint it for me.  Which i thought was so awesome!I'm sure you're thinking well why such a low rating?  Well the day after my mani i noticed that the calgel started coming off my nails.  This was only one day after the manicure so i was really disappointed.  I have nothing but good things to say about my nail technician (NJ) because she was a sweet heart.  It just bothers me to think i spent $100 on a mani pedi and the calgel didn't even last one day.   The only reason i decided to go with calgel is because the owner said it lasts for 2 weeks or more.  I usually just get regular manicures but the nail polish usually comes off in less than a week, so i decided to try something new which cost almost more than twice  as much as a regular manicure.   And to my surprise it didn't even last 24 hours.  I am so bummed... i only read good reviews about this place and that's why i decided to try it out in the first place.  I'm hoping this was just a fluke and it doesn't happen to others like this.  Oh i also forgot to mention that i was so impressed with this place at first that i purchased a $50 gift certificate for a friends birthday...but now i'm regretting all of this altogether.  I hope my friends experience is better than mine.I did leave a message for the owner to see if this is common for Calgel manicures but i haven't received a response yet.  I'll be sure to update you if i do.  BTW i'm also noticing the polish on my toes are chipping off :( So Disappointed..........  UPDATE: The owner called me and asked me to come back in and they would fix it for me.  I'll update again with the results...round 2....UPDATE 4/20/2010: Went back there this past Saturday and had my nails re-done by the owner.  She did a great job and was very apologetic.  3 days later and no lifting which makes me very happy.  I added a star to my original one because there customer service is great...by her inviting me back so she could re-do them for FREE was awesome.  I will just take my first experience and just say it was an off day there.  I'm really happy with how it all turned out and would go back again.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,7/11/2010,355,389,4,6,5>I used them for my wedding flowers!I was extremely pleased with the flowers from Watanabe Florist. You can get discounted gift cards at Costco ($79.99 for $100 gift card) which will end up saving you around 20%. Also, if either you, your fiance, or your parents are in the military, they will give you further discounts. The flowers were SO FRESH! The orchid for my hair was extremely strong, fresh, and beautiful. Even my make up artist said that she had never worked with such a perfect flower before.The only downside was that I had to wait two months to even get an appt with the wedding coordinator for a consultation (you can not place an order for wedding flowers without an appt). Also, I had to wait a long time to even be noticed by the staff when I initially went in. I almost left out of frustration, but glad I stuck around because the flowers were so nice.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2010,7/10/2010,1057,49,,9,6>Though located in a strip mall, Utage has the feel -- and fortunately the great food -- of an old-school okazuya. Okinawan food is a specialty, but the broad menu includes everything from tempura and donburi to loco mocos and teri burgers.The shoyu pork is what draws my coworkers here most often, perfectly prepared with good cuts of meat (just fatty enough). I've so far been most impressed with the off-menu daily specials, which have included chicken karaage curry (my favorite) to beef and choy sum.There's also a kids menu, something I'm always happy to see as a dad.The food was so good, I would expect to see "obachan" hunched over in the kitchen. But I was specifically struck by the youth of much of the staff, and yet the engaged and upbeat tenor of the service. Utage felt like the rare example of a traditional Japanese restaurant where the next generation actually stepped in, and did a good job.And the prices are reasonable. Meals hover around $10, and like my favorite, long-lost Japanese restaurants of the 90s, include soup or salad, fruit punch, tea or coffee, and dessert. Dessert! A scoop of green tea or coffee ice cream is the perfect way to wrap a work-day lunch.I'm a late-comer to Utage, when it seems everyone I know has turned out to be a long-time fan. I now shudder to think of how many times I've walked past this place on my way to adjacent eateries Young's Fishmarket or Sugoi. Those places are good, but in terms of good food for a good price on a busy day, Utage bests them easily.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,7/9/2010,451,160,1,19,8>Husband and wife team, Dr. Jeffrey and Dr. Rupa Wong, are WONDERFUL physicians and I can't recommend them highly enough. I first went to Honolulu Eye Clinic after I contracted a seriously nasty eye infection while working in a third world country. Dr. Rupa Wong took excellent care of me...she is so warm and friendly, and during my appointments, she was thorough and incredibly professional. She is a wonderful doctor.On one of my follow up visits with Dr. Rupa, I mentioned that I'd like to have LASIK eye surgery done and could I please set up an appointment to discuss it. She directed me to her husband, Dr. Jeff. Lucky me! He is absolutely FANTASTIC. Having LASIK is one of the very best decisions I've ever made - and Dr. Jeff made each step of the process easy, informative and pleasant. The surgery itself was a bit daunting for me - I'll admit it, I nearly backed down at the last minute. But Dr. Jeff has such a calming and sensitive demeanor, he was able to talk sense into me and helped keep me from completely freaking out during the procedure. The man is an absolute gem and I feel so fortunate to have had him as my doctor. It's been 6 months since I had the surgery and the results are nothing short of life changing. I couldn't be happier about it!Both Dr. Rupa and Dr. Jeff have earned a top-notch medical education on the mainland. I promise - as one of their patients, you can rest assured that you are receiving the very best eye care on the island!
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,7/8/2010,197,151,4,10,5>Brok' da maut! Living on the rock all my life, I cannot believe that I never knew about this place! We had this place bookmarked for a few weeks and finally got to check it out over the weekend. After following the wrong directions on Google and a few illegal u-turns in Wahiawa town, we finally found a parking spot a block away from Da Pokeman Fish Market. As soon as we walked in, I already got a good vibe from this place. We were warmly welcomed by the folks in front, and they were patient as we were indecisive about what to order. I was trying to take it all in, the fresh fish items in the glass fridge case and a huge sign posting several plate lunches at unbelievably reasonable prices.We both got the lau lau plate, which by the way wasn't an ordinary lau lau, this one was packed with pork and fresh corned beef! The plate included poi and rice, lomi salmon, onions/salt, and chicken long rice. All for only $7.50! Everything was spot on, the lau lau was flavorful and moist on the inside, the lomi wasn't overly salted, and the long rice was delicate and tasty in its natural juices. We also got 1/4 lb of the shoyu ahi poke which was really fresh and seasoned perfectly.We are so going back to this place the next time we're craving Hawaiian food. I mentioned that Yelp brought us to this place and they had no idea of their raving fan reviews! So they said they're gonna check out yelp.com asap! Yah!
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,7/7/2010,391,466,3,9,6>So if you are on a diet or working out to achieve that shapely fit bod, I probably do not recommend you swing by Big Kahuna Pizza. This is the type of place that you crave. I am a big pizza fan. In fact anything that is cooked with pounds of cheese makes me shiver with happiness. My favorite pizza to order here is the Shrimp Scampi Delight. You HAVE TO get the GARLIC CHEESE BALLS!  Its a must! It is amazing even though it is drenched with oil and cheese. Amazing I tell you! I also heard the Killer Kalua Pork sandwich is fantastic. Actually pretty much all of the pizzas are great. Sometimes they get a little busy at lunch time and probably best bet is you call the order in about 45 minutes prior to picking it up. Anyways, their prices are pretty decent. If you are craving an awesome pizza, stop by Big Kahunas. Any don't forget their heavenly garlic cheese balls!
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,7/6/2010,165,267,4,9,6>I've had Nepalese Indian food before, in the Dongdaemun area in Seoul, South Korea (random, I know, but it was DELICIOUS!). I really enjoyed it and had good memories, so when my friend suggested that we eat at Himalayan Kitchen, I was excited! We ordered garlic naan (warm toasty and covered in garlic, mmm!), lamb bhuna (thick, rich, and almost tangy sauce, tender pieces of lamb, SO GOOD!), chicken tikka masala (creamy, rich sauce, well seasoned chicken, NOM NOM NOM!), and I got my favorite mango lassi (THICK, tart, amazing!). For dessert, we had the mango kulfi, which is described as a Himalayan style ice cream. We thought it tasted like solidified guri guri ice cream. 4.5 Stars!!!PS: The bathroom is to the left of the front door. Don't get confused like we did and go to the locked bathroom downstairs...
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/6/2010,7/5/2010,295,401,19,22,18>Vietnamese? Yes! The best? Ahhhh, not really. I picked this place for lunch because the parking is somewhat decent (same lot as Jiffy Lube) along with the food. It's a vietnamese restaurant that serves a bunch of noodle, vegetarian and meaty dishes. We ordered #5 House Special Salad with Chicken $8.75 which included grilled chicken with leafy greens, sliced tomatoes, onions and cucumbers with the typical vietnamese fish sauce based dressing. Refreshing but they overly dressed it. I prefer my salad a little bit more naked! My entree was #33 Eggplant w/Chicken $9.50 and brown rice (50¢ extra). It had a good flavor but it had too many onions. It was an onion-fest because when I looked around, everyone had onions on their dish! Bust out the mints! The portion size could improve because they served so much rice. The brown rice had a good texture. It wasn't too hard or grainy. The place has about 12 tables with outdated decor. The service was good enough for the lunch crowd. Price wise ~ not too impressed.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,7/4/2010,75,169,6,9,5>OH THANK THE LORD!!! There is finanlly some authentic Mexican food in Honolulu! This is a slice of home for me since I am a Cali girl and I miss the tacos i used to get at the liquor stores in San Jose, CA!!The Horchata is perfect!!! The tacos are on point!AND THIS JOINT IS OPEN TILL 3 AM!!! HOLY MOTHER OF JESUS!!!! PLEASE HELP ME STICK TO MY DIET CAUSE I HAVE A FEELING MY PHAT-ass is gonna be sleep-walking to get me some lengua and conchinita pibil tacos at 2 am!  They even played stand -up comedy here and big flat screen TV's!!I heard this place is BYOB too! I gotta bring me a beer next time if this is true! Why are people saying its not good? These tortillas taste like the hand-made ones from CA! The meat is sOOO good! Maybe would be nice to have some Chipotle salsa for a twist but that's not "authentic" =p Still I love this place.. A little pricy for tacos but it's definately a good treat! I wish I can go there now!!This is my new 2nd home!!  GOD BLESS TACOS RICOS!! MUCHAS GRACIAS MI AMOUR!!!Note to the  Owner/Chef: Maybe u could to spin-dry the cilantro for the salsa bar in a salad spinner so the cilantro is not too wet and offer different things like black beans or corn in the burritos! People love variety in their burritos.... sauteed peppers and onions, sour cream is very important in burritos etc...
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,7/3/2010,98,65,6,2,2>we came here in december for my friend's bday dinner. i remember the food being pretty good, the service very good and friendly, and the middle sushi chef super hot. i know that the food was good, but there were too many distractions at dinner that i really can't remember much about what we actually ate! our server was a really sweet white guy that i think must be japanese at heart or something (lots of bowing). he accidentally spilled some soup on one of my friend's back and was absolutely mortified, as well as the owner dude (i think he was the owner - he looked like an asian kyle maclachan). our server apologized profusely, got a towel and literally started wiping down my friend which was comical for us but kinda uncomfortable for her. they offered to dry clean her cardigan which was nice but she opted for a free drink instead. :) i feel bad for her cause she also banged her car on a stupid short pole that was randomly sticking out of the ground when she was looking for parking earlier that night (parking is a bitch there). boy, she was having a rough night. anyway, i'd like to talk more about this hot sushi chef cause that was the highlight of dinner. they should give him a raise because i am sure girls go there just to gawk at him. poor guy...or maybe he likes it. he should open up his own sushi joint where they serve the sushi off his body. that would be fun! sorry, random dirty thought. so yeah, the food was great, but the eye candy was better!
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,7/1/2010,87,312,4,10,7>I don't know what you guys are complaining about.  Bella Mia does not deserve two and a half stars.  It's imperative to keep in mind it's very American-Italian food.  Not authentic Italian, and not "cuisine", but tasty nonetheless!  We had no problems with service either, and they were busy.  I avoided the pizza because I had a feeling I'd be disappointed.  We'll probably try it next time just to see.  Here's what we ordered and we enjoyed it all: cheese garlic bread, mozzarella sticks, manicotti, cheese ravioli, linguine with clam sauce, fettucine with chicken and shrimp, and tiramisu.  The mozzarella sticks were just average, but hey, fried cheese is always my friend.Ummm, the not so great?  It was a tiny bit warm in there.  And I wish they served butter with their bread in addition to the marinara sauce.If you enjoy Bravo, Amina's, Waldo's, Verbano or dare I say it, ole Spaghetti Factory, you'll really like Bella Mia.  Give it chance- keep an open mind.  It's just simple American-Italian food in a fun comfortable setting.  Prices are decent, and yeah, the tiramisu's probably frozen, but it's still enjoyable.Oh!  How could I forget?!  NO CORKAGE FEE!  (Restaurants should just learn to never institute a corkage fee.)
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,6/30/2010,40,176,3,4,4>After I walked out of the little doors located in somewhat seedy Smith street, my taste buds were bum rushed.  And after picking up their remains, I can say that Otto Cake's Haupia Cheesecake kicked my flavor sense's arse.  Real hard core, with the tables, ladders and chairs WWE style.So yelp led me to this little bakery that could... blow your mind into nirvana.  After having denied myself from the pleasures of all things sweet and sugary for the lenten season, I earmarked this place and eagerly awaited until I could sate my gluttony with cheesecake.  I had the place all to myself during Easter, but they were nearly wiped out. So no NY style cheesecake for me, but I was not to be forsaken on Easter.  I bought their Haupia cheesecake for me and my friends.  Now, my tongue is in intensive care recovering from the explosion of rich and tangy flavor, with the subtle sweetness inherent in cheescake DNA.  The Haupia wasn't too strong, with coconut shavings to really accentuate the local flavor.  Why no perfection?  $5 a slice for a slice as large as the ones you get from jack-in-the box seems steep.  However, the quality of these dainty, delectable desserts are top-notch.  So come, but prepare yourself for the barrage your buds of taste will encounter.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,6/29/2010,188,32,6,10,8>If i have to serve myself Tea and Kim Chi again..... I WOULD!!!, I would serve the other people eating in the restaurant if I have to! and the kalbi...I'm sorry it beats Young's In Aiea as my favorite as far as taste and tenderness goes.  Probably my favorite set of dishes to order when I'm here is the katsu, kalbi (they only have the 2" wide kine which is aaaaawesome!), and Meat Jun. Can be hit or miss with their specials, but if you ask the Lady there (call her aunty) she'll give you a good ball park on how the dish tastes.I like the way their katsu is made from thigh meat, and is not over pounded to make it super thin which keeps the Chicken moist. and their batter with panko crust is a bit more eggy then most places which i think is an improvement on design. The Meat Jun is also a super favorite of mine, I swear they've found out a way to keep the marinade in the meat so when you bite it's always tastes like everything you hoped for! (even the next day out of the fridge)They also make take out orders and you can order them plate lunch style or ala cart, just know what you want before you call, (they even threw in an extra piece of katsu and a small tub of kim chi in my meat jun katsu combo plate, which felt like 3 lbs and justified the $9 price tag.They've spent a bit of money on the inside in the last year or so on new chairs and tables, so it's not as run down as it used to be. we tried purchasing marinade to BBQ some kalbi at home, unfortunately the owner said they don't all the sauce recipe out of their store(s)...it's that good.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,6/28/2010,59,44,5,6,3>Serg's is awesome!Ok fine, let me elaborate.The atmosphere is just perfect for chilling out with friends and talking story for days.  It's BYOB, and Safeway is right down the road!  There's no waiter service, just a takeout counter window.  You order your food, sit down, pop your champagne (which goes really well with Mexican), and wait for your order (which takes about 10-15 minutes).  All dishes are served in takeout containers, so you can just bring them to any of the many outdoor-seating tables available.The food is seriously the best Mexican I've had on Oahu.  Mexico Restaurant in Kalihi comes close though.  The enchiladas were out of this world (served with Mexican rice and refried beans).  The tostadas and chicken nachos were extraordinary.   I'm so happy I found a secret spot for my many Mexican cravings, and hence am a little reluctant to Yelp this place.  I don't want it turning into a mainstream Compadres.  Actually, come to think about it, this place sucks....don't come.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,6/27/2010,169,134,5,6,4>Who knew there were so many Indian people in Hawaii?  Well guess what??  I found them, and they hang out at Bombay!  Must be some pretty good Indian food I thought, as I walked into the restaurant, and saw that the majority of the customers that night were Indian.  Wow, I haven't eaten Indian food since I moved back from Cali to Hawaii, almost two years ago.  The chicken tikka masala was delicious, and did not disappoint my Indian food craving!  The garlic naan was also excellent, nice and crispy.  Spent just over $20 for the chicken tikki masala and garlic naan.  Oh, and it was an extra $1 for basmati rice.  The bill was a bit steep, but the service was good and fast.  I felt content after finishing all the food, and took home the extra sauce (I'm going to save it for another meal, to put over some rice! mmm)Parked in the Discovery Bay garage, it was $1 parking with validation.  I'd come back here to try some other dishes... and when ready to splurge again.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,6/26/2010,272,312,2,11,4>Wow, first person to review this yellow gem? Joe Aloha's lunch wagon is located on Kamakee st. between Waimanu St. and Kawaiaho St. They have a small menu that consists of kiawe smoked plates: top sirloin, pork ribs, and chicken. Each plate comes with a choice of the soup of the day or salad and white or brown price for ONLY $7. In addition to these plates is a "catch of the day" plate which varies. Even before you order, Joe's smoker is sitting right in front of the lunch wagon, intoxicating the air with the smell of kiawe and causing you to salivate. I ended up ordering the pork ribs, and they were nothing short of exquisite. For $7, Joe gives you 3 huge pieces of pork rib! By far one of, if not, the best deals I have seen. Aside from the great food, Joe and his staff are extremely friendly, they will talk to you as if they have known you for years. Additional info: Hours: 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Tuesdays-Fridays
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,6/25/2010,473,75,13,11,10>I really really like this place!!!!!  I think it might just have became  my new favorite ramen place!!!  It's located in a bomb shelter a.k.a Wakiki Shopping Plaza.The noodles here are so good! not too hard not too soft.. just right! and chewy. Yum!!I love the chicken curry ramen.. my 2 favorite foods together at the same time!! Heaven!! it's so flavorful and delicious... just thinking about it makes me want to go back right now to eat it for lunch.Oh! and the rice here is so delicious!! You must try the rice... or come here for lunch and get the free side bowl or char siu with rice... !! It's so good...   like eating tiny pieces of clouds... so soft and fluffly and light!!  Tip for eating the rice: ask for a spoon so that you can be sure to get every single delicious rice particle..unless you have Mr. Miyagi chopstick skills. You can't waste a single rice grain!!Next time I go I'm getting a side order of rice so that I can dump it into the curry broth after I am done with my noodles. Yes I know I sound like a piggie.. but I don't care... I love carbs and carbs looove me!!!P.S 10% Kamaiiana discount!! Just show your I.D and a quick shaka sign.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,6/24/2010,297,858,4,3,3>Flyers game is on again and they're trying for the Stanley Cup... How to please the hubby who was born in the East coast? BUT to yelp in the same room as him as he shouts, screams and curses at the television. To top things off we got these delicious cheese steak from Ono's. I had the 10" medium, garlic beef with provolone and grilled onions. The amaroso rolls, loaded with tender beef was almost perfect. My only complaint, is they don't have a variety of hot chilies to add on the cheese steak. The shouting and screaming mess in the background, husband of mine, ordered the hot peppered beef that will set a fire in your mouth for hours to come. The large is split into two subs with lesser amount of meat in each. I washed it down with my favorite carbonated drink, diet Dr. Pepper. This place is oh so worth the 15 minute wait for freshly cooked authentic Philly style cheese steaks. It's most definitely how they do it in Philly, minus the attitude and those freakin' awesome variety of chili peppers I keep talking about. I also saw they served breakfast subs for around $3 and it comes with a cup of joe.  The pictures sure look appetizing and I'm sure it'll be a morning delight for the tummy.Definitely 5 stars for this joint in Hawaii to maintain a small piece of what represents the East coast.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,6/23/2010,771,231,12,14,12>I have been a regular patron of Azteca for over 20 years .... remember their old digs where the Big City Diner is now ? Anyway I do not get their as often these days but when I do I am always greeted like family by Sarah & her Ohana - they have watched my son turn into a young man & me into a old"er" woman !!! Anyway we always enjoy their complimentary chips & salsa (  made extra spicy on request ).... I usually get a guacamole tostada with no beans in it or on the side - just spanish rice. Sometimes order the enchiladas - green & red sauce / both with chix breast only ( I pay a little more for that request ) - and once in a while I order the chimichanga (craving days) ...... everything is consistently good ! They are very kid friendly, have a good clean bathroom, and kitchen.* I have been their several times when the 'bodies in motion' guy is their ordering his regular customized fajitas.... will try them one of these days.** like the other yelpers mentioned they have good lunch specials that last until 3PM or so ..... good deals !! and they do take out on everything including the salsa.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,6/22/2010,186,203,4,7,5>When I'm at Ward, when my tummy gets a little rumbly, most times I gravitate towards Pa'ina Cafe.  I like the casual outdoor seating, the "local country more modern hole-in-the-wall" feel and of course, their POKE bowls!!  I love the fact that they offer brown rice with their poke bowls, and with fish and veggies for a topping (well, if you consider kim chee or pickled onions as veggies), you've got a delicious, healthy, perfectly sized meal.   To some, the size of their poke bowl is a little on the small size (compared to Foodland's now popular poke bowl with 1/3 pound of poke!) but personally, if I eat too much raw fish, I start to feel like hurling.  At Pa'ina Cafe, you can "build your own" bowl, by choosing the size, rice (brown or white), type of poke, sauce, and topping.  OR, for people who are really indecisive like me, you can order the Hawaiian poke bowl which comes with your choice of rice, poke, kalua pig and lomi salmon.  Pa'ina also offers a variety of build your own plate lunches. Also on their menu are salads and sandwiches.  Recently, I decided to try their chicken salad sandwich which had me wishing I could have eaten a poke bowl instead.  Took a mental note to never order a sandwich from them again.  Nothing special.Only thing, if you are there around lunch time, expect to wait for a while to get your food.  They are often busy and your order can take up to 20 minutes at times.  Just put your order in and stroll the shops while you wait, or at least, that's what I do.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2010,6/21/2010,83,29,9,9,7>So I was determined to try all the places that Guy went to on his Diners Drive Inns and Dives tour when he was here on Oahu. My second stop was here at Hanks. So let's work out the logistics... Parking is on the street.. There are meters around that you can park at, but no parking lot for the various stores around. The area is sort of small with only bar seating on the inside. There are a few bar stools outside in the front and a couple tables with umbrellas on the side. Now, onto the food... :) They have a variety of dogs which made my mouth water when I was reading the menu. We got the Braut, Andouille and Chorizo dogs. They were super yummo.. The braut didn't have as strong of a flavor as the other two, but it was still a perfect combo with the mustard and sauerkraut. The dogs fit perfectly into the bun, so there isn't tons of bread with not enough dog.. In addition, the dogs are wimpy sizes either.. They have duck fat fries which are only sold on the weekends.. they have SO MUCH FLAVOR for french fries.. Makes every other type of fries taste so bland! They have some dipping sauces you can buy for an extra $.50 which I highly recommend the curry ketchup, kinda spicy, but not.. def yummo! Now, the prices aren't too bad for the regular hot dogs they have on a daily basis. Ranging from $5 to $7, but the special dogs are the dogs that will run you at least $9 per dog. This is not a place that you want to go to hungry, especially if you eat like a garbage disposal like I do. You will end up paying over $20 per person if you go hungry... All in all, it's def an experience and something you should try.. If it's a hot day, the drinks were selling like hot cakes as well!
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,6/20/2010,275,329,4,5,4>Who is Andy???? I would like to give him or her a great big hug for making it possible to serve me one of the most amazing brunches/lunches/meals/cheap deals that I've had in a long time. And that looooong line that you wait in was never so worthwhile to experience the two most friendly women working tirelessly behind the counter to make the fattest  Eggplant Melt $6.75 has bought me. Not to mention the most delicious papaya banana orange juice smoothie that $3.25 has bought me and simultaneously blown Jamba Juice out of the water.  This place is tiny and I'm not sure if it was crowded because of the breakfast time but this place looks like it's poppin' all the way through their hours. And they should be. They have the most REASONABLE prices for the amount they give. I took an envious glance over to some other people's omelettes and they were humongous--almost falling off the plate. But then I looked down at my sprout filled, papaya seed dressed eggplant sandwich and was again thoroughly satisfied with my choice. I want to go back and just stare at their neon cardboard menu and make the hardest decision of my life for a second time...because I'm pretty sure that I will be an ecstatic bruncher once again with anything I end up choosing.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,6/19/2010,89,131,4,15,7>It's amazing how one act of mediocre service can turn away a loyal customer forever.After a rushed haircut at another establishment, I left with the urgent need to find a new salon. That's when I decided to give J Salon a try. It also helped that Shirley, a friend who works there, provided guidance in selecting a stylist who is comfortable cutting curly hair. (You can't give a girl with curly hair a straight-haired girl's haircut!) If you're new to J Salon, I would suggest speaking to the receptionist about your needs so you can be put in the care of someone capable of fulfilling your requests.For over a year now, I've been getting my hair cut by Monique, who is an amazing stylist. I love that she listens to your needs, gives haircare advice (such as at-home hair-dying tips for recessionistas like me), and dissuades you from taking drastic measures that you might regret the next day (i.e. wanting to go from black to blonde because I was depressed and looking for a change).But what puts J Salon over the top is their overall service. From the moment I step into the salon, I'm instantly transported to my "happy place." Staff will greet me by name and offer me something to drink while I wait to get shampooed. I love the interior as well: the lighting is natural, partially due to the large windows, and the acoustics bounce off the walls so noises that could be annoying when too loud - hair dryer blowing, conversation, etc. - are dispersed. I also like that the salon sends an e-mail alert if your stylist is planning a vacation. That's just one more thoughtful customer service standard that makes J Salon stand out among others.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,6/18/2010,154,194,11,13,13>First I gave them a 4.5 star but because they are more like a 5-star than a 4.5, I decided..heck!! Five stars!! Why was I hovering between 4.5 and 5?? Parking at Waimalu Shopping Center is pretty sucky-  cramped, one-way in some spots, two-way in some others - of course not Baldwin's fault, but it does make me drive right on by some days, even when I am craving their Li Hing shaved ice...oh yes, and every time I try to go, they are closed...that's because they are not open on Mondays! (smart people).The shaved ice is pretty decent...Ok...pretty GOOD. I am not a ice-flake critic, so I am not sure about crunchiness or snow-like, but one thing I do love about Baldwin's is the Li Hing Mui flavored shaved ice! Yummy!! The syrup is thick and flavorful. You can bet the owner had his hand in personally making that himself!Remember the Li Hing craze some years back? Well Baldwins was the one partly responsible for that! The owner even came out with his secret-recipe Li Hing flavored cigars! They were also the first place I ever purchased Mochi Ice Cream when it was all the craze. I used to be such a regular here the owner and his wife would always ask me "are you still riding your bike?" It was always a pit stop for me when my preferred mode of transportation was my mountain bike. Nowadays I go in and see if they still remember me. I see a glimmer of recognition in their eyes, but then again that was years ago and I never had a kid with me back then, either :-)
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,6/17/2010,145,297,11,6,6>You lied to me! I get the late night sugar cravings. But you lied to me. This isn't the next best thing to heaven. Now when they said lets go to The Little Oven. "Are they even open?" My friends remained skeptic but we had the inside info that they were. Now I did not know The Little Oven was literally the little oven. These desserts are cute and tiny.Now I have no problem with small desserts. In fact, I hate that they are so small. I'm a big guy. I can inhale mine, yours and the next table's treat with just a single breathe. The staff were very friendly and it felt like eating at an Aunty's place. (You know which Aunty I'm talking about. No, not the one with the flashy clothes. The nice one you dolt!)The desserts were good. If I stretched it I could say great but I won't. If you placed them in front of me. I would finish them before you said, "Here try!" But we sneaked in and crowded ourselves around friend's of friends that were already seating. If not, we wouldve been waiting for a table. I like it here but I don't think I wouldve waited (like some others) for an hour to treat myself. (Did you see what I did there? Treat myself. Haha. I'm so witty!) They lose a point for the wait times and opening hour game of Russian Roulette. Would I come again? Sure. Would I wait an hour. Depends. Are you gonna eat that?
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,6/16/2010,147,94,4,5,7>I decided 2010 was the year I was going to scratch "Be a tri-athlete" off of the goals list.  I had always wanted to try and tackle the Tin Man race so this is the year to do it!!I was turned onto IT&B by the guy who I bought my bike from.  I scored and got an 09 Cervelo for a really good price.  I first met the gang because they do a Saturday morning group ride every week at 7:30am.  Its a great ride and they'll usually split up between two groups fast and really fast...  :)Every time I have ever had a newbie question or needed to get some gear they have been very very helpful and arent pushy with the sales.  They definitely know their product and all the employees have a passion for their sport.  I have been to a few of the other cycle shops around town and no one compares. Good job to Frank and the gang!!
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,6/15/2010,139,416,6,6,5>Why would I give this place four stars?  Several reasons: 1. The food was edible (that's pretty important, yes?); 2. My kids love buffets because they can get what they want and skip what they don't; 3. It's cheap, and that's good, considering that my wife and I will begin our sacrificial furloughs soon; 4. Our waiter was friendly.  The only thing that was a little disconcerting, but kind of funny too were some rather menacing looking patrons wearing white undershirts and big, gold "Drug Dealer" necklaces.  You know the huge gold chains guys wear around their necks that you could lock a bicycle with and all but screams, "I've got tons of money, and the gold to prove it?"  I would guess they drive Cadillac Escalades with gold lettering too, and vanity plates that say IMRICH or some such thing.  Kind of looked like local versions of the Tony Soprano family.  But that's okay, we didn't bother them and they didn't bother us.  Hmmm...maybe they're smarter than me, because I'll bet they're not facing furloughs in their jobs!  But then again, do you think they're really happy?  Bada-bing!
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2010,6/14/2010,209,81,11,16,14>I took a look at the rating distribution chart.  Maybe we could tell the Yelp admins to only allow people to choose 1 star or 5 stars because you are either going to absolutely love everything about Masa or you are going to never ever come back.  Ever.I don't think any other restaurant's reviews is as confusing as Sushi Masa.  I see "BEST SUSHI EVER OMG!!!!1111" and on the next review I see "I HATE MASA AND HIS LOW QUALITY FISH".  Every review is screaming rants or raves.  So to help people out, I've decided to come up with some guidelines to help you have a good experience at Masa's.  He's a great person with a passion for sushi and creativity.  If you meet him halfway you'll keep coming back for years.Disclaimer:  If you think that your chef should accommodate your every whim, save yourself the trouble and go someplace else.1.  Get the Omakase (Chef's special).  When Masa asks you "What will you have" say "I'll leave it up to you".2. Don't ask for an itemized bill.  He isn't ripping you off.  Really.  It's going to be around $80 a person.  It will be more/less depending how much you eat.  That's just the way it is.3. Even if you go with the Chef's special, it's okay to ask for something specific.  He won't tear your head off.  Promise.4.  Don't be impatient.  He's the only one making your sushi.5. He's a funny guy.  Take everything he says with a grain of salt.  Don't go if you can't take a joke.  If you are easily offended, don't go.6. If you like sake, ask him if he has anything new.  He brings in different types of sake from Japan.  7. Make reservations.  It might be busy or it might not.  Don't take a chance.I guess I should actually review how his sushi tastes.AWESOME.  So awesome that I don't need to say anything else.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2009,6/13/2010,440,533,4,10,4>I am SO HAPPY I found Ming's. I've only been there once, but it's the most authentic Chinese restaurant I've found in Honolulu and I love it! I made my friend eat there with me the other night and he was a little skeptical about it at first because it's in a dark, seedy Kalihi strip mall and the only other businesses open there were several hostess bars with Korean hostesses smoking outside. My friend looked at me and asked,  "Are you sure you want to eat here?" "Well, we're here, so we might as well take a look inside," I replied. Once we walked into the restaurant, I knew the food was the real deal. My first indication:  I looked around the restaurant and all the people there were Mandarin-speaking Chinese. My second indication:  I looked at the specials on the wall. "Look", I told my friend, "They have sauteed kidneys and fried intestines! It's GOTTA be good here." He looked a little afraid then, but bravely replied, "Ok. You can order . . . just . . . not the specials please."We were seated and in seemingly no time, the waitress was standing there ready to take our order. Why do they always do that at Asian restaurants? Do Asian people always order that quickly? Are Asian minds so advanced that they are able to sit down, instantly assess the menu choices and telepathically negotiate what to order with the other family members?I ordered the sheng jian bao, six heavenly buns made of leavened dough (mantou) filled with ground pork and broth, steamed, then pan fried so the bottoms are crisp. I also got the xiao long bao, which is almost the same thing, except the wrappers are thin won ton pi and they are just steamed in bamboo baskets. To buy more time, I asked the waitress what she recommended. She told me the Shanghai chow mein noodles were homemade, so I ordered that and a suan la tang (hot sour soup). **this review is making me so hungry, I'm going to heat up my leftovers now and I'll come back when I'm full.**Ugh. I ended up shoveling the leftovers into my stomach. Shanghai noodles are never good the next day.Anyway, the first item to come out was the sheng jian bao. I hadn't had these in years and I was so excited because they were delicious. The mantou was just the way I like it: the dough was not too sweet, not too soft, but had just the right amount of springiness to it so that eat bite had some chew to it. The entire space inside the mantou that wasn't taken up by the ground pork was filled with savory broth. You have to be careful when you bite into it, or else the hot broth will squirt everywhere. I tried to warn my friend about this, but---he must have a big mouth or something--he took such big bites that the soup dripped out down the sides and ended up on his plate. We both really liked this dish.Next was the Shanghai chow mein. It was good because of all the versions I've ordered over the years, this was the least oily. Usually, it's dripping in oil. The noodles didn't look homemade to me, though. They weren't that chewy and they were round and even like machine-made noodles. When I make noodles, they do not look remotely that good. Maybe they have a noodle machine . . ??The soup was spicy and very tasty, but oddly, they used red vinegar in it. I've never had a red hot sour soup before.Last came the xiao long bao. We could have done without this one because it was so similar to the buns and we were getting full. I thought the flavor was very good, but both my friend and I thought the pork filling was too fatty, much fattier than the filling for the sheng jian bao. He ate one and then passed on the rest because he said it was too rich. It could just be us, though. I don't like the taste of fat, so when I go to the butcher to get ground pork, I make him cut off most of the fat before grinding it. My mom always complains that my dumpling fillings are way too lean and dry. So Ming's xiao long bao is probably not too fatty for most people.The prices are really good at Ming's, especially when you think of how labor intensive some of their dishes are. I mean, you could slave over kneading the dough, adding the yeast, letting it rise, making the pork filling, boiling and cooling to set the gelatin for the broth, wrapping everything together and then steaming and pan-frying the buns, or you could go to Ming's and spend $6.95 for six sweat-free sheng jian bao. Yeah. I am definitely going back to Ming's.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2009,6/12/2010,35,896,5,7,6>Went again yesterday! The "Super" Combo was great as usual and had plenty left over to take home. What's funny is that my girlfriend isn't usually a local diner type of girl, but she always wants to come here. That's saying something in of itself!We went at lunch time and this time we had to pay for parking (Just $2. We were there for a short time, I think it's pay by the hour though. Not too sure.), but the little Auntie gave us a FREE spam musubi with a funny note on it (view my picture to see what it says). There was plenty of people there this time.I also found out why everything tastes so good because they left the side kitchen door open and I peeked in. They have an army of little old Auntie's working back there!
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,6/11/2010,301,123,5,4,5>on whim my friends and i decided on brasserie du vin this past weekend.  and what a freaking awesome whim it was!!!  first, i must mention that i took off one star because i swear...i must have circled around the block at least 10 times looking for parking :(  it was NOT fun.  note to self: catch a cab next time.  aside from all that hoo-ha, i absolutely love brasserie du vin!!!  live jazz music along with a piano player..AND the girl can really sing!  loving it.  on top of the great atmosphere, the food is really good.  i didn't know what to expect when i ordered the grilled ahi, but it was cooked well and it had a lot of flavor.  i got to taste my friend's opakapaka which was also very delectable.  the tastes of these dishes were very well done. bravo.  also loved the mojitos there.  but what i love even more was adding the blood orange sorbet that i ordered for dessert to my mojito!!! omg soooooooo freaking good!!! they should think about making blood orange sorbet mojitos.  i would definitely keep going back there just for that :)
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,6/10/2010,12,37,7,9,6>Easily the best nail salon in Kaimuki- and anyone who lives in Kaimuki knows that's saying something since there are probably 95 nail salons just on Waialae alone.  The Nail Room is a relatively new salon and you can tell as soon as you walk in- the place is dripping with the latest fixtures, furniture, and amenities.  Not to mention, it's spotless.  I would feel comfortable licking the floor- it would probably taste like Swiffer Wet Jet. Yummy.  My favorite thing though?  NO TACKY PICTURES OF A FRENCH-MANICURED HAND HOLDING A ROSE THAT SAYS "NAILS" ANYWHERE!  Can you believe it?! It's the most refreshing thing EVER.  The decor is elegant, tasteful, and modern- almost the exact opposite of every other nail salon in Kaimuki.  I thought I was the only one who appreciated this until I was in there one day and another woman getting a pedicure praised the owners on the exact same thing. That's another great thing about this salon- the owners.  The Nail Room is owned and operated by a father, mother, and their 20-something son who keeps the salon and his parentals up to date.  They're all super friendly and really take care of their customers.  They remember who you are, what you talked about last time you were there, the ticklish spots on your feet, etc.  Seriously, this family should be a model for other family-owned businesses.  I've noticed that they also make it a point to speak mostly English there- the only time you will hear them speak anything other than English is when they're scolding their son.  Yes, there is finally a nail salon where you don't have to worry about the workers talking smack about how stink your feet are!  It's a miracle!Yes, it may be clean and the owners may be nice but what about the nails?  Let me tell you, they will do your dactyls up right.  Not only do they do great nails but they're one of the few salons in Hawaii that knows how to do all the latest trends in nail art.  The son is really talented at this and studies those nail magazines from Japan and teaches himself how to do all the new designs.  I'd never seen 3-D designs with acrylic and beads anywhere in Hawaii until I started going here.  Also, their pedicures are TDF.  The leg massages alone will put you to sleep.  The reason for 4 stars and not 5?  It's a little on the pricey side.  I once spent an exorbitant amount of money just on a full gel set but I kept justifying it to myself because they were SO pretty.  But in this case, I really think you get what you pay for.  If you've got some extra dough to splurge and want to spend 2 weeks looking down at your nails and smiling, GO HERE.
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2010,6/9/2010,230,197,7,6,5>Because Side Street Inn needs another review. I've lived here 5 years now and this is the first time I've gone.  I've always wanted to, with all the great reviews here, but never looked for the opportunity. Well my brother's family was in town and my sister in law read about it and was motivated to go.  We could only go at around 7:30 pm and even though it was a Tuesday, I anticipated it would be packed and so I made reservations for 8.  When we got there, the place was wall to wall with skinnies and fatties alike gorging on food like they were Kobayashi.  We just valeted the car for $5 plus tip (my brother got lucky and found a spot on a side . . . street and then he came . . . inn).  We were sent to the back room and they did have a table for 8.  The tables were one of those portable tables with folding legs.  If this place didn't have great food and ambience (mostly due to the sheer number of people there, making for a festive setting), it would be a depressing place to eat.  The back room had a couple of TVs and the NBA playoffs were just finishing up for the night. We had 4 adults and 4 keiki in our party.  We ordered five of the heavy (and I mean heavy) pupu items, which were more than ample as the portions are just HUGE.  We had:kimchi fried rice -- Fourth of July in your mouth.  Not as good as my mother's kimchi fried rice or om-rice, but that ain't a fair comparison.       fried pork chops -- crispy and salty dry on the outside, tender on the inside; terrific. garlic shoyu beans - it was good; nothing you can't make at home.baby back ribs in lilikoi sauce -- flavorful and slipped off the bone like butter.  chicken katsu -- it was solid and we got it mostly for the kids, but maybe should have tried the spicy chicken. We thought about trying the friend pound cake for dessert but all of us were stuffed and since it was also a school night for our kids, we needed to wrap things up.  5 entrees took care of 8 hungry people; the plates were flavorful and enjoyable for both adults and keiki.  Just one comment about the pork chops + a side of ketchup pairing.  Who came up with this and how did it become canon on the menu?  I mean it's not bad, but it doesn't seem especially fitting.  Could it be something else like maybe Vietnamese sweet chili sauce?  Sweet honey mustard?  I don't know.  But Heinz did not seem to be the solution.  As we left close to 8:40 p.m. the place was still brimming with sweaty bodies, continuing to chomp as if there were a deadline.  Time to get some fresh air.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,6/8/2010,91,203,6,7,8>Finally!  I've been trying to get to Shimazu Store for months, but if we run over schedule on our errands, it's the shave ice that gets shaved off the itinerary.  Well, on today's run over the hill, this was our very first stop.I got a large with ice cream, and buttered popcorn, blueberry, and cherry cola flavors.  All of the flavors were really great, and the ice was perfect.  I was kinda going for a movie flavor combo to play off the popcorn, and I think I pretty much achieved that.  Next time, I'm going to go for a similar theme, but try a sour flavor (to mimic Sour Patch Kids), and Li Hing Mui.My girlfriend got the small with mochi balls, and mojito, milk tea, and the dreaded durian flavor.  In fact, when she ordered it, the counter girl asked if she knew what durian was, just to make sure.  She then informed us that, because of the intense odor of the durian, you're not allowed to eat it in front of the store, or throw your used cone in the store's trash can.  I don't know if I could eat a whole durian shave ice, but the few bites I took tasted very much like the real thing (baby), which I don't find as offensive as everybody makes it out to be.  WIth so many interesting, creative flavors, I know I'll be back to try out as many as possible.  I sure hope we get a hot summer...
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,6/7/2010,1750,731,9,13,8>I'm always fond of specials. Who isn't?  Especially KICK-A** KOREAN specials...$4.99 soondubu$4.99 meat junYes please!!! ...How could you go wrong with that? I mean, yeah, if it tasted horrible then that's not so good... but for $4.99 it's worth a try.Honestly, it's not the best soondubu I've had but it's pretty good. ...for the price. And they definitely don't skimp on the tofu. lol.But what's really awesome is the portion size of the meat-jun. They don't skimp on that either.  For $4.99 you get a generous serving--enough to satiate a normal person. (And by "normal" I mean NOT a frequent eating-contest participant, and definitely not an eating-contest winner.)HERE'S THE IMPORTANT PART:Like I wrote in my review for Sorabol, I try Gopchang Chige at every Korean restaurant I go to. So, naturally that's what I ordered. And for it being $15.99, the same price as Sorabol's, I was kind of nervous.The first thing I noticed was the color. It was dull and not the usual, bright red soup I was used to. But I tried it anyway, because that's what I do. I was delightfully surprised with the flavor :)  nice and beef intestiney. Although it was not as rich and spicy as Sorabol's, it still had great flavor. AND they do a pretty decent job at cleaning the intestines. (yay) I did notice, however, that the intestines were a bit darker in color. That kind of freaked me out at first. But whatever, it was good. AND THEY PUT MOCHI IN IT!! so +1 for that!So last night, Kelly k. and I ordered the 2 specials (meat jun and soondubu) + my gopchang chige. We had more than enough food for the both of us.. and needed take out containers. :)Like Kelly wrote, she definitely got some dirty looks from the mama when she asked for a container for the meat jun sauce... but whatever. We'll be back. It's gonna take more than that to keep us away from those awesome specials! BTW, extra brownie points for their hours:7am-1am Mon-Sat7am-11pm Sundays
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,6/6/2010,95,75,14,15,14>There are times that you try a recommended place and it just doesn't turn out to be as good as the person said it would be. Then there are times when you try a recommended place and their praise doesn't come close to how good the food actually is. Kahai Street Kitchen is definitely the latter. I didn't see this place coming at all. If it were any more of a "hole in the wall", it would be a hot dog cart with a ceiling, tables, and chairs. But oooooh, do not let the simplicity of the "decor" cause you to judge the quality of food, my friend. This isn't just any plate lunch joint. They have 8 - 10 specials that change daily. Check out some of these amazing dishes: Sauteed Opakapaka with lemon caper sauce Braised short ribs served Osso Buco Style (My choice. More on this in a moment.) Seafood Rockefeller Roast pork and gravy with Portuguese sausage stuffing and many more, all served with brown or white rice and mac or green salad. As i stood there pondering hungrily which of these to choose from, i asked the cashier "How are the osso buco braised short ribs?". Before he could respond, the head chef comes out of the kitchen, almost on queue. "Would you like to try a sample?", he asked, as if daring me to try his masterpiece. Far be it from me to turn down free food. Sure. Ill give it a go... Woooooooooow. Yes, ill have a full order of this please. No no, not to go. I want to eat it here, now. The meat was so tender, it gave you no reason at all to chew. The flavors were amazing. The chef then came by and asked what i thought. Due to a mouth full of food, all i could do was nod and use primal forms of communication such as grunts and groans to express my delight. How on earth he is selling food of this caliber for plate lunch prices is incomprehensible. Great food, great service, great prices = great review. 5 easy stars for this place. Going again very soon. "S"
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,6/5/2010,213,426,3,6,4>I'm not really one to crave ramen, as I'm more into the garnish than the actual ramen but Emi H. suggested this spot for a lunch today and threw in something about the collagen in the noodles makes you look younger....SOLD!  Okay maybe not a total believer but considering I recently had a birthday it sounded appealing. The shoji style door was a nice authentic touch.  We did have a bit of a wait, but that's always a pretty good sign for a restaurant, right?  I ordered the yasai paitan ramen, Japanese style.  The broth was creamy and delicious!  Tasty but not too salty.  I also enjoyed the more al-dente Japanese style noodles (you can also order the more well-done "local style").  Wished there would have been a bit more veggies but then again I'm sure ramen purists prefer their garnish to be garnish whereas I'd prefer more garnish than ramen.  The chasiu was AMAZING.  I've never had such yummy chasiu.  And I also liked that it was a normal brown color vs. the weird bright red/pink that charsiu tends to be.  Anyway, it was tender, and full of flavor.  Could have eaten a plate of that alone.  Will have to try a combo the next time.....
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,6/4/2010,185,168,6,6,6>The only time I come here is on Mondays when it's industry night and all you have to do is show your yellow/blue liquor card or a pay stub from a restaurant/bar/club and you get 50% off the entire food and drink menu.  I know, right?  Awesome!!  A ribeye that would cost $24, is now $12 (it's a 12 oz cut served with your choice of starch, veggies, and horseradish and au jus and is mouthwatery good).  The $12 nachos that are now $6 is a HUGE and I mean HUGE plate of corn tortilla chips, covered with melted cheese, tomatoes, black olives, black beans, Jalapenos, Maui onions, sour cream, homemade salsa and guacamole.  The chicken wings are spicy (go for Lava hot) and come with a side of bleu cheese dressing and celery sticks.  The calamari is drizzled in a chipotle aioli and marinara and is crunchy and good.  The teriyaki steak bites is a great appetizer if you don't want to get a steak for dinner and is smothered with mushrooms and after the 50% off is only $5!!  I know, it's less than Blazin' steaks.  One dish that one should never order, The Tiger Eye Sushi Roll.  It is the worst sushi I've ever tasted and the rice is hard and there's so much rice I can't even taste the crab, cucumber, and carrots that's in there.  It's supposed to be dipped and then deep fried but there's barely enough batter to cover it it still looks like regular sushi.  It's kind of funny because when it came to the table everyone said, "why'd you order that it sucks."  And they were right.That 50% always seems to bite us in the ass, though.  We always come in a big group and this last time, our bill was $500... after the 50%.  So even though everything is 50% off, don't go overboard like we do!!
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,6/3/2010,152,116,5,7,6>Marujyu Market is a lot like Alicia's in Kalihi and Masa & Joyce in Kaneohe: a place where you can get ANYKINE LOCAL GRINDZ, all under one roof. You name it. From Japanese, Chinese, Filipino, Puerto Rican and Hawaiian, to classic American comfort dishes like meatloaf and fried chicken. Not to forget a wide variety of fresh poke, dry fish and other ethnic specialty foods to choose from. I've been here a number of times and have never been disappointed. Their Kombu Maki is da' bomb, and so is their Pastele. Speaking of Pastele, their Gandule rice ain't bad either. Not the best I've had, but she go. Get choke pork mixed inside, that's fo' sho'. Just the other day I tried their Laulau and Squid Luau plate, which with Poi came out about $8, which is very reasonable, considering it also included a good-size bowl of Poi. For the most part it was very good, except the Laulau wasn't as GREAT as I had hoped it would be. Knowing they make their own Laulau and that it included Butterfish, I was enthusiastic. Yet for some reason, after eating through some of  the laulau (it's HUGE-mangous), it just didn't have that "IT" factor. Especially in comparison to the SUPERIOR Laulau I recently had at Highway Inn. Gotta' say though, this thing sure had gobs of pork fat and a generous chunk of Butterfish in it. The luau leaves were very tender, but I think the problem is they didn't put enough (or any) Hawaiian salt in the leaves, so that (very important) part wasn't as tasty as tit could have been. All-in-all, I give their house-made Laulau 3 stars (or converted to Tasty Island rating would be between 1 and 2 SPAM Musubi). As for the Squid Luau, it has a nice and "tick" (thick) texture with choke (plenty) Tako (not squid!) in it. The only thing I didn't care for was that -- like Kanak Attack -- Marujyu's Squid Luau is too sweet, which must be from the type of coconut milk they're using. Regardless of that, I still really enjoyed their Squid Luau and give it 4 stars by a s-t-r-e-t-c-h (converted to TI rating would be 3 SPAM Musubi). Then there was the Lomi Salmon, that had choke Salmon in it (this ain't no "lomi tomato") and wasn't too salty. Nothing can be worse than Lomi Salmon that's TOO salty. This one's right on the money. The only thing I could ask more of would be onions. I like my Lomi to have an equal balance of (rinsed) salted salmon, tomato, white onion and green onion. But this one almost all Salmon! Man I tell you, ask for a hand and they like one whole arm! lol I give Marujyu's Lomi Salmon 4 stars (TI rating would be 4 SPAM Musubi). Finally we have the Poi which was thinned down a bit much. But still ono. Gotta' get da' poi with da' Hawaiian grinds, not rice, thank you very much! I also picked up a bag of their Boiled Peanuts. Not bad. Has a mild star anise flavor, while being a little sweet, but I think could have used just a little more salt. Overall, while it can't touch Alicia's giant-sized Virginia Boiled Peanuts, I'll give Marujyu's boiled peanuts 3 stars (TI conversion would be 2 SPAM Musubi). My friend had the Pastele and Gandule Rice plate, to which he gave it 4 stars. Keep in mind, Marujyu Market's new location isn't a retail grocery store like their former Waimalu Shopping Center location. There isn't anywhere to sit and eat here either, so it's strictly takeout. Still, if you want ANYKINE LOCAL GRINDZ, that's mostly really ono, with great portions and a great price, check out Marujyu Market. Highly recommended! Easy overall 4 stars (4 SPAM Musubi). Check out the photo section for CHOKE pictures I provided. :-)
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,6/2/2010,226,141,10,10,8>I'm not really known for my patience, so usually, an hour+ wait at a restaurant it out of the question. One of two things usually happens: I get antsy or loaded. Neither are good situations for my dining companions. Yet, there I am, drinking my BYOB Stella, watching awesome Bollywood movies and reading Indian "US" magazine and pretty happy. One Stella down.  Two Stellas into it...and I am chatt'n it up with the people next to me...they've only been here 45 minutes. I pity them and point them in the direction of the liquor store down the street. Three Stellas into the wait. Its a crowded, and a constant jockeying for position, "where can I stand that I am NOT in the way?" And yet...I want to be near the brilliant kitchen putting out that Indian food. I can smell the spices. I can see that the naan is light and airy. My future holds a dinner worthy of Ganesha. FINALLY. Just in time for my Stella number 4. My time has arrived. I asked the waitress for just a few more minutes to decide. KIDDING. Of course, I already know what I will have: Sizzling Tandori Fish. Extra, Extra spicy. Of course, when it comes they give it to me "haole spicy" so I have to ask for extra peppers, but they bring them and I am once again, happy. My friends have chicken curry and lamb maharani. All it FANTASTIC. The depth of flavor was some of best I have ever had. The naan is super light and airy. I wish we would have gotten another basket.A-MA-ZING. Here are my suggestions. If you don't have 2 hours to kill on a Friday night: do take out.Bring your own beer or wine, because they don't serve and you WILL want some (especially if you are waiting)...Skip it if you have a big party (unless waiting in a cramped area near the kitchen is OK with you).....and be prepared...for the best Indian food dinner. EVER.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,6/1/2010,71,69,8,7,9>So here I was with my girlfriend on a payday Friday and thinking of treating ourselves with a delicious lunch. Since we live in Mililani, we were debating if to eat at one of our favorite places, or be a bit more adventurous. So we decided to go to Wahiawa and on the way there we were still trying to decide. Shiges or Pho King? It was a bit too warm for pho or saimin and my gf mentions why not try Maui Mike's? I cringed at the thought. Why? Because I'm not a fan of chicken, especially if it's on the bone, and so is my gf. So we drove by it, and my gf tells me that they also sell shredded chicken breast. That's all I needed to hear, so I proceeded to my next task: To find a parking spot in Wahiawa post lunch rush traffic. After taking my chances and parking at the Mc doo doo's parking lot, we jaywalked to the other side and into one of the most famous places in central Oahu for roasted chicken. I still wasn't all that excited about it, after all, it is still chicken and I generally hate chicken, but what the hell, we were starving. The decor is very simple but inviting, the menu is small and straight forward. It took us maybe a minute to decide what we wanted, I went with a bacon and ranch chicken sandwich with cajun fries, and my gf went with a quarter of a chicken with cajun fries (is she nuts? chicken ON THE BONE? YIKES!!). After we placed our order (which by the way is very reasonably priced considering the quality) we were given the 7 of diamonds, and I suddenly started to feel very lucky, I thought it was very cool that you're given a playing card to identify your order. Less than ten minutes later our card was called and my gf was awesome enough to get the order while I was still doubtful of eating that evil bird. *drumroll*In front of me I had what looked like melted cheese on top of shredded chicken heaven. I went for the first bite, then a second bite, then a third bite, and I suddenly realized that I couldn't stop eating and I was wishing that this delicious burst of flavors would never end. The chicken was perfectly seasoned, the sauce was tasty without being overpowering, and the cajun fries were excellent. What surprised me the most was how the chicken was the dominant flavor even though it had loads of cheese, bacon and ranch sauce. My mouth is watering as I type this. I hate to sound like a cliche but this is THE BEST CHICKEN I'VE EVER TASTED! PERIOD! No need the dipping sauces, why ruin such taste with something so blah? You dip chicken mc nuggets, not Maui Mike's chicken! Dipping the cajun fries in lava hot (not really that hot, think texas pete hot)  and honey mustard made eating fries fun. I'm dreaming of Maui Mike's chicken, can't wait to try something else from the menu, maybe I'll feel adventurous and try the impossible... CHICKEN ON THE BONE! Do your taste buds a favor and visit this place, you will find yourself visiting Wahiawa more and more often! Take it from me, a chicken-hater that loves Maui Mike's chicken!
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,5/31/2010,42,78,9,6,7>It's Saturday morning and I'm hung over with the sun smiling brightly at my eyes. UGH. As I wipe my makapiapia from my eyes I look to my clock and this sudden burst of panic arises. It's 10:09am and I'm fumbling to look for my phone to make the first and MOST important call of the day. RIING RIING RIING RIING (please pick up please pick up please pick up) RIING - Voicemail. DAMMIT! RIING RIING RIING RIING (please pick up please pick up please pick up) RIING - Voicemail. ARRRGH! It's 10:14am. RIING RIING RIING RIING - "Hello Mitsu-Ken!" "May I please order a breakfast special with eggs over easy, extra bacon, and a side order of garlic chicken." "Will that be all?" "Yes!" "What's your name?" "Norm" "Thanks Norm, it'll be ready in 10-minutes" Click! Whew! It's 10:17am. My best cure for a hangover or just plain ole "I'm hungry" morning episodes is definitely Mitsu-Ken's breakfast special with a side order of their famous garlic chicken. I also get it with extra bacon because I love bacon and bacon loves me. This mound of unhealthiness yet goodiness is roughly $7 and worth EVERY penny. There is no way you can deny that this place serves up some "ono grindz" because every time I come here there is ALWAYS a line of people waiting to order or for their food. THE most important tip:  Breakfast ends promptly at 10:30am. So get your phone order in or get in line and place your order before then.  If not, tough s*it, you'll probably hear the person at the counter shout "BREAKFAST IS OVER!".
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,5/30/2010,283,52,7,12,11>I was craving for some boba, or what us main landers from Seattle call "bubble tea". I was having lunch in chinatown wandering around a little while before i had to get back to work. I've walked past this little shop a few times and never really paid attention to it until now. The shop is soo cute! The bright colors and signs really makes you smile and turns your bad mood into a good one. The lady who owns the shop is one of the nicest business owners I've ever come across. She was so sweet and welcoming when we walked in. She was also very patient with me since I of course didn't know what to order. Too many choices and I didn't want the "Ugh I should've gotten that one" feeling.I finally decided on the Thai milk tea. The service was so quick I only had time to take a couple pictures! I took a sip, half expecting it to be either too sweet or too bland. But to my surprise it came out perfect!Too bad it was a little on the small side, I finished my tea in about 2.5 seconds and was tempted to get another one. Oh well, next time I'll just remember to get a larger one!
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,5/29/2010,208,45,21,12,10>If you are a guy, you NEED to learn how to salsa! Forget pick up lines. Just walk up to a girl, and tell her you know how to dance. BOOM instant make out!I've been coming here for over a year now. Charlie, Amy, and Duane and fantastic instructors! Sunday is salsa instruction, Thursday is bachata. I love love love bachata. Probably more than salsa, but I still love both of them. Come for the beginner/intro/noob lesson at 6 pm Sunday evenings. The classes are pretty big usually, but Charlie goes over the steps until you get it. After the basic lesson, the group gets split into beginner and intermediate. The 6 pm classes run in 4 week sessions. Each week continues on from the week before, until you learn one giant super awesome routine that will blow everyone else at the club out of the water! Trust me. It is a fantastic feeling to crush someone elses dreams by doing a routine that you learn from Charlie. Be a dream crusher!! AhhhhhhhhYou can buy class cards which make it cheaper, and they always have promotions making it more cheaper!!! If this isn't a good deal, than I don't know what is. Oh and on Sunday nights at 8, there is a social where you can practice your moves, so you can crush more peoples dreams!!!Basic rundown if you are a guy: There are girls. You can dance with them. Learning how to dance will get you other girls.Basic rundown for girls: There are guys. You can dance with them. Learning how to dance, will make more guys chase after you. If they don't, and you're cute, feel free to send me a message! :)Don't think. Just do. If you see me say hi!!
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,5/28/2010,360,130,16,16,9>Wow, how cute is this? Pizza In The Raw is a "take and bake" pizza joint. They arrange the pizza for you and you take it home and bake it. 11 dollars is the starting price and it is $1 for each addition topping. Or you can get one of their specialty pizzas for $17.What's also great is that everything is fresh and made in house. The dough, the toppings, everything. And your oven is the last level of freshness. No need to be wondering "How long has my pizza been sitting in an insulated bag in the back someones dirty car?"I just gotta say one more thing though. There's a naked lady on the wall wearing nothing but an apron. She is sooo fierce.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,5/27/2010,357,142,6,9,7>Awesome boba! This is the place!It can be kinda pricey at $4.75 for the large frap, smoothie, and shakes and $3.75 for the smaller size. They also serve milk tea and slushes, but I've never tried these. My personal favorite here is the Caramel Frap with Boba. (You can also order drinks without boba, I used to do that before I found out how good boba actually tastes.)The parking can be inconvenient at the University Square parking lot, but customers receive one 15-minute parking validation with their purchase.I have never been a fan of boba (pearls) because I had previously never been exposed to good, tasty boba. This is the place that changed my mind. This is the place that I visit on my bad days, or the days that I make up the excuse that I had a bad day just so I can come down to Boba Loca. I did minus a star because of rather cordial customer service. The owners aren't too friendly, but they aren't mean either. Nevertheless, for a place this good, I could care less about the service. I mean, I order, pay, and run out the door with my drink because my parking validation will end sooner than later.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,5/26/2010,104,132,3,5,3>this place is awesome!!...  The outdoor seating is where it happens - gas burner-powered tabletop grills and huge umbrellas covering the tables under a huge tree.  BYOB (there's a liquor store around the corner)...  they gave us a bucket of ice to store our 12-pack in. Shoju was ubiquitous at the neighboring tables.It's in a parking lot (literally), off Keeaumoku St - kinda hard to find, but look for xmas lights wrapped around a large tree. Now for the food:Extensive menu,with many choices of combo specials, and they'll substitute a certain meat, if requested (we had the Kalbi, beef tongue, and black pig pork belly -substituted for the brisket) - the specials come with miso soup and a "vegetable basket" with the salad and chiso (sesame) leaf - my favorite.  Enough food for 4, but you might want to order an extra side of meat if you're famished.We also ordered kimchi pancake (small, $5) and kimchi soup.Large variety of banchan.  I really liked the kimchi and the pickled cucumbers.Everything was very flavorful - perhaps the miso was a bit on the salty side.  The pancake was crispy, and the meats were delicious - high quality all around.  I choose the black pig, but not being able to compare it to the "regular" pig, I'm not sure I can recommend it - it was very good, however.  The nice lady came around to our table and tended to the grilling.  Our party being only 25% korean, I can see how she could easily mistake us for rookies in the preparation of korean bbq? I think I prefer to grill my own, as I usually like it slightly on the rare side (it seems Koreans like it well done?)Fortunately it was a breezy night, and the smoke from the grill quickly dissipated into the outside air, but be warned that the grill will be sitting fairly close to one of you at the table, as it is not built into the tabletop.There doesn't seem to be a large turn around at the tables, so we lingered for a while and finished our beers without being rushed.Totalled about $20/ person, with tip - cheap eats, and good times.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/22/2009,5/25/2010,92,120,8,3,4>Pizza pies are supposed to be like hand grenades and young women who marry 90-yr-old billionaires...if they don't shorten your lifespan, then they have failed.  Because of that, I'm not really into thin crust pizza and prefer pies that stab your coronaries in the spleen (if coronaries had one) like BJ's (Brewery) Pizza in California.That being said, I still appreciate a good thin crust pizza from time to time, but this place, like Madonna's career pre- and post-Kabbalah both fulfills and disappoints.  I found that the "non-meat" intensive pies were really quite bland, while the meat pizza and the other one with several types of lower caste flesh were quite good.  When you add it all together, I didn't really think the pizza here was much better than Boston's North End Pizza (their spinach and garlic kills JJ Dolan's) but because I love pizza, I *was* going to rate this place 4 stars until I tried the appetizers.They only thing higher on the epic fail ladder than the apps here was the hip-hop collaboration between Taylor Swift and T-Pain:youtube.com/watch?v=-xWC…  (Warning, go to the link and you will lose 1:26 of your life that you will never get back.)The calamari were puny and flimsy like the Washington Redskins offensive line and the chicken strips?  GAH!  They basically took a piece of chicken cutlet, fried it and cut it into small pieces.  The worst part is that they RE-FRIED a piece of old cutlet to give to us.  (I can tell because the chicken on the side is browned, unlike L&L katsu where it's still white like Bill Clinton's thighs.)So take my advice, friends and frenemies...the next time you're there, order a pizza topped with something that was killed, not harvested, and do not order any apps!For pizza that was not bad but not much better than Boston's North End Pizza and horrible appetizers, this place gets franksabunched with 3 stars!
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,5/23/2010,164,68,5,11,7>Checking this place out deserves a "My Best Idea of the Week" award!  First of all, I'm the first to Yelp about it (hehe), and secondly, it's just pure awesomeness to get a massage in the middle of a dragging work day!  Plumeria Body and Mind Massage is located in that stone building on the corner of King and Alakea, right next door to CGs.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but I was indeed surprised to find how nice it was on the inside.  It's definitely no chichi Waikiki spa, but they did a good job of decorating the room in a tranquil Asian motif.  I received a warm greeting from the ladies up front, and they were able to take me right away, even though I was a walk-in.  I opted for a 30-minute massage, which was $28 + tax.  They do a little pre-service foot massage, which really got me relaxed before the real deal.  The girl who did my massage was really friendly, and although she was petite, put a lot of strength into working on my back.  One con was that the place was essentially one big room divided by thick cloth dividers, meaning I could pretty much hear other people's conversations, granted everyone spoke softly.  But if you're not anal, it shouldn't be a huge problem :P  All and all, it was a great deal, especially compared to what they're changing up the street at Elements.  The little extras like the great customer service, cute yet simple décor, and the mini foot massage prior to the actual massage gives it five stars in my book!  I will definitely be coming back soon for another mid-day pick-me-up!
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,5/22/2010,77,108,3,4,4>Thanks to Emi, I was inspired to try hot yoga.  I finally took the plunge and attended my very first class yesterday evening at Bikram Yoga's Nimitz location.  To be honest, I was very nervous....it started from the morning, when I decided to go.  All I could think of was "hot yoga"..."hot"..."Hot"..."passout"..."unconscious".­.."can't breathe"...ok wait breeeeeeeeeeathe...I was starting give myself a panic attack.I got there about an hour in advance to watch the class ahead and of course ask A LOT of questions.  The person behind the counter was very friendly and helpful, she even tried to alleviate some of the anxiety issues I was having.  Other yoga-goers spent time to talk and gave me pointers about where I should set up in the hot room, what i should do if I feel faint or nauseous, etc.I found the people there, workers and clientele alike, to be very friendly and helpful.  I hit a wall about an hour into the class when I started to really feel the heat.  But overall I found the experience to be fun and challenging.  Today I am a little sore, feel a little more relaxed, and a little more focused.  The heat is a killer but I secretly enjoy all that sweat!  A little masochism is good, thus tonight I am ready to head back again for another session!!!
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2010,5/21/2010,36,97,9,10,5>It's been so long since I've written a review that I had to actually go back and look at my list of reviews (that's right, all 26 of them), to discover whether or not I'd ever written about Grace's. How some of you Elite yelpers manage to keep it straight in your head which places you've reviewed is, quite honestly, a marvel. After 100 reviews I think I'd forget what my name was, much less which places I'd written about.Or perhaps Eliters are so amazing that you have fetching interns at your beck and call willing to look up these kinds of trivial bits of data for you. If it's the latter, I better find 74 more places to review, pronto.But I digress.I remember the first time I ever ate at Grace's Inn. It was in the waning days of high school (no, I won't be saying what year, exactly), those chilly weeks when Senioritis was at its worst, and my friend Grant recommended we go eat some chicken katsu at a place he'd gone to with his family. Now, despite having grown up hapa (part Japanese, part everything else), I didn't have much experience with katsu, be it chicken, pork (ton), or any other kind. So my first experience with it would be here, at Grace's. Yes, I lost my katsu virginity to Grace, and Grant was my pimp.Like the spoils of actual virginity, you don't really quite appreciate how much better something can be until you've tried that second variety somewhere else. Such it is with Grace's chicken katsu. The plate lunches themselves are hefty, though they used to be far more generous. The heaping layer of chow fun that used to sit like a magical bed of starchy goodness underneath the main entree is now a sad afterthought, with barely a mouthful there. This is almost as sad as the tiny little paper cups that house their "two" orders of side salad (you get a choice of tossed, "asian" slaw, or mac). These paper cups are the size of medication cups they use in hospitals; you know, the kind the nurse delivers your two pills in? So imagine having your heaping servings of salad in those babies.The times, they are rough all over, I suppose.The chicken katsu itself used to be glorious, as was the tonkatsu sauce that came with it. Now, however, you could probably find chicken katsu that is less fatty, less greasy,  and more evenly floured at just about any other plate lunch joint. Take a dart, throw it out your window, and you'll find a place that probably has better chicken katsu. The glory days for Grace's katsu are, sadly, long past. Having said that, however, there is one thing I can recommend without reservation or hesitation. It's something that many, many places have on their plate lunch menu, but no one other than Grace's delivers with the same kind of delicious, homestyle flavor. That, my friends, is Shoyu Chicken.At Grace's the shoyu chicken is plentiful, tasty, and oh, so tender. It falls from the bone so easily you'd think the dish was undressing itself for you and screaming "take me now!" Too many other shoyu chicken plates at other joints have bizarre flavoring and spicing choices that overpower the dish itself; there's either too much ginger, or too little shoyu, too much fat left in the sauce, or in some weird cases I've encountered you actually taste some char siu.Grace's shoyu chicken will remind you of the kind that mom used to make, way back when. Or maybe even the kind that gramma used to make and bring to family potlucks. The only problem with this fantastic plate lunch is that it's not on the menu. It's a special, which changes daily. Sometimes it's on Thursdays and Saturdays. Other weeks it's available on Wednesdays and Fridays. It's almost never the same, really, and that can be both frustrating and charming.So if you happen to walk into Grace's, thinking you're going to get a hamburger steak or, like a Borg, will go with the collective and have a chicken katsu, cast your eye to the specials board. If you see shoyu chicken, drop your $8 and get it. I absolutely promise that you won't leave disappointed.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,5/20/2010,51,109,5,7,8>I've been here a few times already with different people and everytime all I ever hear is 'oh yumm' or 'umm!!' through mouthfuls of whatever goodness is being consumed.  The food is just so delicious and you can just tell that is prepared with care and thoughfulness. Just order the kalbi.  I can't really say anything else that hasn't been said by other Yelpers.  I dream about the chive jun.  It's so light but dense with chives at the same time.  Very little batter and cooked just right with the perfect amount of crisp.  Green onion & seafood pancake is STUFFED with mussels, scallops, squid...she was not exaggerating when she said there is seafood in every bite.  I'll be back for the specialty wings and the noodles and the mandoo.....and everything else on the menu!For those of you looking for an experience akin to having dinner at your straight-talking but loving aunt's house, this is as close as you'll get to the real thing.  Really, you won't mind waiting a bit while she is finishing up another table's order or re-filling your own water...it's all part of the charm.  And the food is soooo worth it.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,5/19/2010,419,552,8,13,10>Made a reservation in advance to celebrate an anniversary during the last night of Stage's 50% off special.  We were virgins to this restaurant & found the decor a virtual explosion of monochrome-mania where nothing really matched, yet somehow was organized in it's chaos.  We opted to splurge for their Sub Plot or 5 course Prix Fixe Menu w/ wine pairings (savings of ~$75).  Service throughout was orchestrated seamlessly & without rush; specifically important for prix fixe presentations.  We started at 7:45 & concluded around 10:15.  We embarked our culinary journey with a smoked ahi dip with wun tons paired with a French Brut rose champagne.  Act 1 was a hamachi sashimi in a radish salad, Japanese cucumber, togarashi yuzu-mustard vinaigrette soy reduction.  This was paired exquisitely with a Kubota "Manju" Junmai Daiginjo sake from Niigata, Japan.  Act 2 was a garlic seared Hawaiian ahi with sake braised baby spinach, shaved fennel salad & Indonesian black peppercorn sauce.  This was paired with a zesty Gunderloch "Jean Baptiste" Riesling from Germany.Act 3 was a pan roasted Muscovy duck breast with charred brussels sprouts in a Port reduction.  This was paired with a silky Duckhorn Goldeneye Pinot Noir from Medocino County.Act 4 was a grilled beef tenderloin with caramelized onions, mascarpone herb mash potatoes, grilled Waialua asparagus in a red wine Hollandaise reduction.  This was paired with a juicy Signorello Cabernet Sauvignon from Napa.Encore or dessert was a trio of creme brûlée, Vietnamese coffee ice cream & a dark chocolate decadence cake.  This was paired with an intriguing Les Clos de Paulilles, late harvest grenache from France.Amazing experience overlooking the intersection of Piikoi & Kapiolani; watching the illegal left turns.  Came here solely for their half-off special.  Walked away charmed by the attentive service, nice touches (i.e. Folding your napkin when you leave the table; addressing you by name) & foremost, their beautiful cuisine.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,5/18/2010,144,174,9,9,7>Well, I've been here quite a few more times since the last update, at one point weekly, and I still think this place offers a solid breakfast. They don't serve the typical breakfast you'd find at most other places, they serve a really good bowl of muesli with fresh fruits of the season, and also a unique local style benedict. The benedict has fried rice instead of the english muffin, poached egg, and topped with braised beef. really tasty. They also have a normal eggs benedict and I think a crab benedict too.The coffee is also still one of the best on the island.Service is still...well, interesting. All the servers are friendly but 2 instances that come to mind:* Back when they served Steak & eggs for breakfast, when we asked the waiter what cut of beef the steak was, his reply was "I'm not sure, but I think it's Sterloin". And the same waiter said the Swedish pancakes came with "Fruit Composte"...hmmmm.* On the last visit, when we asked our server (a different one from the first visit) if the Corned beef hash was house-made or canned, his reply was,  "canned, but it's a higher grade of canned corned beef than the usual type". This place gets really crowded on weekends.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,5/17/2010,265,441,7,7,6>You can't really FU*K up a coffee house. The concept is freakin simple provide a few easy components, sprinkle in HIPNESS and you'll get every caffeined-cracked-out college student spending more time sipping coffee at your place than hitting up Wailana for mid-morning munchies. First, have awesome coffee... although for many dim-witted undergrads and pretentious grad students think they know coffee, many can't tell the difference between Pike's Place at Starbucks and sludge from the Ala Wai - I can... the sludge tastes better. Fresh Cafe, or simply, "Fresh" has got some great tasting beans here. Not only that, they manage to have a decent size UNDER $2, like a whole quarter less - unheard of - NO WAY - I KNOW!! Right?!? Second, have free Wi-Fi. I know I've said it before, but, Wi-Fi and Coffee go together like rum and coke (cola), gin and juice, or at&t and no bars. Fresh's Wi-Fi though is on crack, its super awesome fast, why can't Starbucks do that... oh wait - they use at&t... :-/ Third, supply your Wi-Fi-junkies with outlets for their laptops. Nothing like walking into a coffee shop and seeing 18 laptops, but only 16 customers - sometimes the radiation from laptops in coffee houses lowers a guys sperm count... but it also makes breast bigger ;-) Fourth, add some hip style. Fresh is so hip with style is should call itself PHRESH CAPHE. They have the wood panel floors, industrious marble table, leather - like a college kid's dream dorm, too bad its just a coffee shop. Not to mention Fresh is a venue, on the verge of blowing up and being a band-bumpin-bungalow. I'm psyched to see some good events soon - besides a yelp one. Fifth, Good Eats. It isn't tough to make good food, especially since PHRESH is dedicated to freshness, they got the good eats down! Also, an edible happy hour - half off bagel sandwiches in the morning (7-8:30) and late night (11p-1a), so fresh, its SWEET.Fresh has got it all, and it's obviously growing, and is going to be a definite diamond is the proverbial rough. Although the location is uncanny and off the beat and path, I'm sure Fresh is something that only the worthy will know about and enjoy - keeping the tourists in Waiks and in the Starbucks. This is undoubtedly the beginning of a beautiful patronage. All the aspects are perfect for success. First look at the menu food is between $6 to $11 + drinks between $2 to $5, so you're looking at about $8 to $16 depending on how hungry you are, but if you come for just coffee, you're looking at the best deal for a cup of Kona. Looking forward for some good times, good drinks and good eats... and if the owners of Fresh are reading this... the dim lights are hip, but... why so dim? I feel like I am at the Outback Steakhouse - either way, I'll be back!
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,5/16/2010,176,274,3,5,5>I can't believe this is my second time eating here after living in Hawaii for 13 years. Yeah, I've been hiding under a small kine rock!Oh how I wish I was part Korean. I simply love Korean food and a bigger fan of the traditional side dishes - little bowls of Korean veggies and kim chee. Since it was just us 2 girls eating, picking our main dishes from the menu was a little hard as we didn't want to order too much. And I felt the items on the menu was somewhat overpriced but I don't mind paying for delicious grinds. We had the seafood pancake, pork bulgogi (spicy) and beef and vegetable soup (spicy). There aren't too many places in Hawaii that is is open 24/7 and they are so this is the place to go after a late night of partying! Parking here kinda sucks but they do have valet your car for you!
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,5/15/2010,12,179,3,3,2>Imanas has the bestestestestest sushi in Hawaii!  Hands down!  The sushi here is so fresh, I swear this was just caught by the waiter fishing in back of the restaurant.  Each bite of the unagi, mirugai & ebi was so perfectly juicy & fresh.  Nothing could make it more heavenly.  I loved the fact that they used just a tiny bit of rice with a huge chunk of the seafood. Just when I thought that was good enough, the Agedashi tofu with miso paste & the teriyaki chicken were also cooked to perfection.  Obama should definitely make a stop over here on his next Christmas vacation to Hawaii.
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,5/14/2010,171,85,3,6,4>Why I haven't eaten here sooner is a mystery to me. I had eaten at Kafe Europa earlier for lunch w/my bf and was sorely disappointed. Luckily my bf (being the elite yelper that he is) knew exactly where to go to get our fix. As Rachel Ray would say.....YUM O! Their Caviar Spread was delicious. I tried to refrain from inhaling the whole plate. We also ordered their Lamb Kabob and Chicken Special Combo. There was not a bite left. With out meal, we washed it all down with a bottle of Pinot Noir bought at their side wine store (which btw had very reasonably priced wine). If u don't want to buy from their store, ur able to bring ur own since their BYOB.I've only been here once and I want to return already. The food is great, byob is a plus, but it's the energy that makes this place. It's people making connections through food, drinks and laughter.I do recommend saving room for their Baklava.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,5/13/2010,392,296,8,8,8>You all are probably wondering...hmmmm, what in the WORLD is Dean doing in a place like CUPCAKE BOUTIQUE?  Or maybe not, ha ha.  My daughter LOVED the party she went to there.  It was for one of her great friends.  The cupcakes, pizza on the high tea wire thingy, teacups, and decor was just the thing for 10 little 7 year olds to feel like they are "big girls" now. I was talking to one of the co-workers and she said that they can custom make the packages to do more crafts, dress up, make up, or pretty much whatever the client wanted.  The front of the store had some really cool items that I have never seen at other baby stores.  "Out of the box" type  items and clothing that you will not see out at ala moana or pearlridge.  Pretty cool stuff for boys too, which is usually not there since most people only buy girls cute stuff right????  YES, I am a parent of a girl....sheesh....Overall, a great little place in the middle of Ward Warehouse, if you have a little girl, go check it out for her next bday party.  If you are a big girl, I am sure they can accomodate you too!!!!   Duece!
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,5/12/2010,221,283,3,10,8>forget all those places like Matsumoto's where you've HEARD they have the best shave ice. this place IS the best shave ice on the island.the ice is soft, but still substantial. their smalls are large, their large is giant. their flavors are basic and taste the way you grew up with, no weird syrups, they're not making it the easy/cheap/fast way. they make it the real way.oh, and do you miss those old candies from the 70s, 80s, and 90s? do you feel a desperate need for haw flakes and candy buttons? look no further!delicious musubis, childhood candies, and the perfect shave ice are all waiting for you at john's store.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,5/11/2010,276,389,6,6,4>This place is not as bad as everyone makes it out to be. My fiancee and I just had lunch here today and it was great. Here are some reasons why it's not so bad.We had a coupon from the Entertainment book. It came out to only $20 for two entrees, two drinks, tax, and tip.I had the fritata with potatoes, no olives, no ham, and no cream cheese. It was really good and well worth the $8.75.My fiancee had one of the specials of the day, which was guava-berry French toast. It was like a giant dessert. It came with a berry sauce, whipped cream, candied pecans, and maple syrup. She had a kanak attack after eating that.The house iced tea is also good. I didn't get the "plantation" ice tea because it was $3.50, but the regular iced tea which is their "house blend iced tea with a hint of mango" was worth the $2.50. It comes with unlimited refills as well.The flies, birds, and geckos are not that bad. We only saw a couple of flies. The zebra doves generally stay on the floor. They don't set out the silverware until you sit down. I didn't see any geckos while I was there. If you're going to be prissy about the outdoor seating, then you can sit inside which is actually really pretty and cute.Have an early lunch here and then head up to Lyon Arboretum to look at some pretty flowers. Perfect Saturday afternoon if you ask me.If you're heading mauka on Oahu Rd, turn left onto Manoa Rd. where it splits off three ways and then right after the King Kamehameha sign.If you're heading mauka on Manoa Rd., it'll be on your left before you hit the three way intersection at Oahu Rd.They have plenty of vegetarian options and I didn't taste any MSG.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2009,5/10/2010,32,630,5,5,5>My dad and I ended up here after searching for Brent's and sadly finding out that it was closed (monday).  So, since I had my entertainment book, I had suggested we go here since we wanted a pastrami sandwich and could save some mullah at the same time.  This place is known more for their cheesesteaks but they also have other sandwiches, like the pastrami we got, there a meatball sub, vegetarian, turkey, etc.  They also have hot dogs/chili dogs and the usual sides like fries and onion rings.  As for our order, we got 2 pastrami sandwiches ($7 something), onion rings ($2 something) and a medium drink.  It would have came out to ~$21 but since we had a coupon we got $5 off.  As I waited an watched them make the sandwich I thought they would grill the pastrami and then melt the cheese on top, but come to my surprise I see the lady assembling the sandwich with pastrami, mustard, cheese, then again with the next layer and finally with the cheese on top.  THEN she sticks it into the microwave to heat it up a bit.  I thought um ok.  After covering my sandwich with Tabasco I went outside to eat on the tables since it was nice out.  After taking my first bit I was like WOW this is quite gooood.  However i think it would have been better if it was heated on the grill.  The pastrami had a nice flavor and complemented well with the melted provolone or swiss cheese.  The bread was also nice and soft and held up to the big pile of meat.  As for my dad, he also thought it was good but says that he prefers the more fattier pastrami w/ the deli mustard and on sliced bread (the kind you get at the deli).  He was looking forward to brent's so i can understand =P i guess that just means we have to make a drive all the way to kailua sometime soon ;).  The onion rings were also very good but just a bit too greasy for me.  Overall I loved my sandwich and I would definitely go back  if I was in the area.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,5/9/2010,169,446,2,5,7>This is a really cute restaurant and I had a nice meal here.  I liked the corn bread that was brought out at the start of the meal.  It was light and cake-like.  It's probably good that they only brought out one more each because I would have just kept eating them and would have ruined the rest of my meal. (How's that for glass half full?)  I ordered the crawfish etouffee which was good, but not great.  I think I would have liked it with shrimp better because the crawfish that I got was sorta wimpy.  My buddy got the chicken and tassa jambalaya, and his dish was a lot better.  It was spicy with that great Cajun kick.  Both dishes came with this side of corn that was really good.  Best part of the meal though had to have been the sweet potato coconut pie with chantilly cream.  It's made in house and just fabulous!  Service was slow but really friendly.  Overall a nice experience once you find parking.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,5/8/2010,84,137,6,5,4>So wifey came here with a girlfriend, and it turns out, it's a great place for girls to get together.  In fact, there's a great, big, long table that runs down the length of the eating area, and 1/2 of it was being used by the women of a clan from the grandmother to the daughters, to the granddaughters.  The rest of the people eating there were clearly couples.  Again, likely due to the female half's choice.Not that that's bad.  I read a lot of guys feeling as if this place felt like a dollhouse while the girls called it a tea house.  To me, it looks like a French cottage that was made for dwarves or gnomes.  There are these 2 curved-top, dark, wooden doors that were just high enough for the above mentioned little-people.  Everything in this place is decorated with "cute" stuff.  They even have small stuffed bunnies on the counter-top.  Even the entire staff seems to be on the smaller, cuter side.I got one of the menu sets that included baked eggs, crepe, and coffee.  Mine was the baked eggs with bacon, potatoes, and onions.  Because of the helpful reviews I read before coming, I got the banana crepe.  Wifey got the baked eggs with shrimp, spinach, and bechamel sauce.The coffee refills are free, which I clearly partook too much of while I was waiting for our dishes to be baked.  That takes a while.  But it's worth it.  The baked eggs with bacon has some sort of mustard sauce and is very savory.  The baked eggs with shrimp is actually quite light.  Either way, you can't go wrong.  The crepe is tiny.  Just be aware.  I don't think anyone, girly or otherwise, will feel full after eating a crepe alone.To get your parking ticket validated, you pay an extra $4 at the restaurant, NOT at the ticket booth.This place was much better than I expected.  Girls, it really is cute.  Guys, don't only order 1 crepe.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,5/7/2010,135,212,15,12,15>You know I came back here exactly a week after my first visit and I was honestly hoping the owner wouldn't recognize me. Mainly because it's easy to be brave behind a keyboard (and, uhm...openly admit you were checking out the owner's wife) instead of talking to a person face of face. ESPECIALLY after knowing they read the review you wrote them. Lucky for me, he had a good sense of humor, as did the Mrs. *WHEW!* That and like a moron, I was wearing the exact clothes from last time anyway. Something I would like to correct from my prior report is that Ailana doesn't use fresh fruit juices in their syrup. NO! They use REAL FRUIT! Ahh Sou! That explains Ailana's *boing* factor. Or well, aside the other distractions in this place. I was in the mood for something earthy tasting so i went with a small with haupia and azuki bean syrup, $3. I also requested additional toppings: mochi balls, ice cream and condensed milk - all at 50 cents each. The azuki syrup is also accompanied by a spoonful of real azuki beans, which I honestly wasn't expecting. Also, the mochi balls they use here is the good, hearty and doughy kind. It was a tad sweet and chewy, the way I like it. Aside from their already awesomeness, the mochi only added more aesthetic to their product.Btw, I requested the ice cream on the side yelp.com/biz_photos/Jrn_…My friend had the Choco Lovers: Chocolate fudge, condensed milk and ice cream for $4.50. Even if he was pretty territorial about his ice domain, I did manage to Jedi Mind Trick him into a few spoonfuls, and even sabered off his eyebrows in the process. *Whoom* From what I tasted, it reminded me of a souped-up fudge popsicle, cept in a bowl with crushed Oreo cookies and ice cream center surprise. For those who love their choco cold, highly recommended!yelp.com/biz_photos/Jrn_…Aside from their shave ice, I like how the owners here take care of their customers. In fact, had tutu wit her posse, also partaking in the cold goodness. The owner told me aunty can poun' their shave ice by the bowls! This Saturday, it was a packed house with the owners, their family/friends and now regulars like myself, spooning away - all living the Ailana Dream. An ice cream orgy like no other.5 starsAilana Shave Ice on Kona Street
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,5/6/2010,166,538,3,8,4>I can't believe I didn't yelp this already...This review is for the 2009 4th of July 5-star cruise...First, we arrived hella early b/c my ex was uber conservative when it came to punctuality.  Second, he swore EVERYONE was mandated to wear semi-formal attire.  He wore a suit & asked me to dress in a cocktail dress if not an evening gown.  Of course when we arrive, there are some nicely dressed people but a majority of the tourists were casual and 1 guy even had jeans.  Is it fun to dress up?  Sure.  Did I wanna wear semi-formal on a hot, July evening?  Hellllllllll nah.  Probably explains why he's an ex factor now...Ok, back to the review.The check in was expedient & we were soon whisked to the top of the boat for an exclusive private celebration.  We could wander on the decks below but others couldn't access our floor.  After having our photo op with the ship captain, we had light pupus and a non-alcoholic beverage on deck.  Shortly after, we were escorted to our tables where were served a 5 course meal.  Course 1 was a salad--typical mixed green with a flavorful dressing.  Course 2 was a cold consumme.  Course 3 was braised beef with veggies.  Course 4 was lobster with a cream sauce.  Course 5 was a cakey dessert with chocolate ganache.  We also received 2 drinks included in our package and unfortunately the light domestic beer on tap was pretty watered down.  In between courses, we wandered outdoors to enjoy the breeze as we cruised from Aloha Towers toward Waiks.  The wind felt great and there were several staff milling about to take pics and check in on guests.  As the evening progressed, a jazz singer accompanied by a small band took stage to serenade us.  Not much of a dance floor but some people stood up to dance near the singer.  When the fireworks started, we had a great view of the show among many other boats in the water that night.  We watched from the deck, despite the light drizzle but if you stayed inside, the view was equally radiant.The in door, climate controlled dining area was greatly appreciated in the early evening when the temperature was sweltering outside.  While the date itself was personally uneventful, I did appreciate the hospitality and excellent customer service of the staff.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,5/5/2010,125,88,9,8,9>OK here's the update.  Food here is actually good, I just had to get my digs in for serving me well done ahi!  My brother recommended the Fried Ahi Belly w/ tomato relish.  They did not dissapoint.  I've had the furikake ahi before and that was pretty good, but the fried ahi belly was great.  Served up with brown rice and tossed greens to make it "healthy" and I was good to go!As if that wasn't enough, they have a bin with lemons for your iced tea.  I use it for my diet (Pepsi I think) and I love it.  The only thing I gotta ding them on is they don't provide free refills.  I know you're only paying 10 cents for that refill and you're charging me a couple bucks for the soda.  Can you hook a brotha up?All that said, I'll be back whenever I'm on that side of town.  Maybe I'll find something new that I like or something else to bitch about.  Just know this, I'll be sure to tell them not to over cook my fish!
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,5/4/2010,43,326,9,4,4>We bought a lemon berry marscapone cake there to bring to our friend's house for dessert.  It was friggin delicious - moist, not too sweet, nice fruit.  We all wolfed it down, there was none left.  I felt bad like I shoulda bought the big one.  The little one was like 15-16 bucks.  Great price.  The whole foods cakes and tarts are more expensive, less tasty and not from locally owned small business.  The only gripe I have about this place is how the heck to you drive to it.  We turned left off of King, cut through 2 lanes of oncoming traffic, were terrified that we'd get killed.  I'm sweating right now cuz I gotta buy dessert before I got to our friend's house for dinner and I don't know how I'ma get there without causing a car accident.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,5/3/2010,1394,153,8,14,13>Ahhh Kai Market :)  Let me tell you why I gave it a 4:I LOVE that we finally have a decent restaurant that only uses local ingredients, adopted the whole "farm to table" concept, and is actually good!! Even the fish and the prime rib is from Hawaii!!  They have a living herb wall and around the partition that separates the inside from the outside, they also have a bunch of fresh herbs planted all around!! Where do you ever see this!Some of the dishes change regularly, though they definitely have regulars.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE their Ni'ihau clam chowder!! You must try this!! The flavor is just really creamy and good! The prime rib tends to be pretty rare, so don't say you weren't warned!! And the fish rotates between three different fishes but they're generally pretty moist and flavorless (as most of the chefs are Chinese and like a simple flavor) , however, the lobster sauce that comes with it is a definite MUST!!Their appetizers are good and their ahi is fresh and melts in your mouth!!Now to their desserts!! Probably the best part of the meal!!! Their desserts rotate frequently as well (I've been here 3 times so far and it's always been a variation).  You should definitely try the bread pudding!!! My favorite for sure!! With the sauce of course :)  I also love their flan, chi chi dango, and their chocolate haupia pie!! I'm so full from all this delicious food!Kama'aina is 25% off all the time and sit as close to the outside as you can.  They have an amazing fire knife dancer that comes on usually twice a night, and they have really good Hawaiian music every night.  It's a perfect place to really relax in Waikiki and to have a fresh, natural meal experience.  The main dishes aren't anything to write home about, but understanding their philosophy makes you want to come back again and again!!!Bread pudding...I Love you!!.....until next time :)
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2009,5/2/2010,65,50,11,13,10>Let me prepare you before you enter this oneofakind place that holds a dear spot in my heart.  You can thank me later in Iced Thai Mochas =)First, if you have a iPhone or iTouch, download the Yowza!! app.  It's FREE (such a wonderful 4-letter word isn't it?) and it gives you coupons!  Seriously genius.  Or Pake... however you wanna look at it.  After its downloaded, open up the app, and you should see a listing of participating stores.  Tap on the listing for Petals & Beans, and it will show you the store info (including a Google Map) and THREE coupons.  One is for 20% off all Bubble Drinks, 20% off Espresso Beverages, Smoothies, and Shakes, and the last is for 20% off a KC Waffle Dog.  Limit one coupon per visit.  Just show them your iPod/iTouch, they scan the coupon, and ta-da!  Savings!Whoa whoa whoa, wait, back it up... Did you read that right?  KC WAFFLE DOGS!!!  I've never been privileged with having one from KC Drive-Inn, but I used to work at a small local shop that also used to sell these original bad boys.  For my second day of work, I had to make waffle dogs aaaaall.daaaaay.looooong and I got SICK of em!  Yes, sick of waffle dogs!  Blasphemy isn't it?  Anyways, since our shop closed down, I could no longer get waffle dogs in a moment's notice, and now my arteries are in trouble again.Third... embrace yourself now.  Please sit down if you're not already.Chocolate whipped cream.Yes yes yes, back that thang up (again) and read it (again).CHOCOLATE WHIPPED CREAM.Such a glorious term isn't it?!  It's free if you get a Mocha or a Thai Mocha, but 50 cents (I think) on any other drink.  Yes you DO have fifty cents!  You know why?Because parking is FREE!  (There's that wonderful 4-letter word again!)  Park in the garage and make sure you get your ticket validated by the adorably sweet hard-working owner.  She is one of those genuine people who actually like to interact with her customers!Fourth... oh, fifth?  If the chocolate whipped cream doesn't do you in, here's what will.  If you're a Mocha-holic like me, the following word matters:  GUITTARD.  They use Guittard chocolate sauce to make their mochas.  Translation = Goooooood stuff!!!  This isn't your generic Hershey's chocolate syrup that you can buy in the grocery store, this is higher-end chocolate!  Okay, it's no Valrhona or Scharffen Berger, but it's still great chocolate.  That's major kudos in my book!Desserts are decent.  Any place that does samplers gets high marks from an indecisive person like me.  A lemon bar, a caramel apple bar, an Oreo bar, and some sort of toffee cheesecake bar made up my sampler that day.  While all were good, no piece was a show-stopper for me, but I've been told I'm way too critical when it comes to desserts, haha.Indoor seating is at a bare minimum, with only two tables and two uncomfortably-hard wood benches to accompany them.  So if you've got no cushion on your okole, I suggest finding another place if you wanna sit to enjoy your drinks.I think I had more points, but seriously, do you need any more reasons to go?  Ohh!  Yes you do.  If you're a procrastinator like me, and are still running around doing Christmas shopping, Petals & Beans is the perfect pitstop in-between Ward and Ala Moana so you can refuel for all that last-minute gift-buying that you just started an hour ago.  Happy Drinking!
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2009,5/1/2010,165,267,7,6,5>Insane variety of starches: various types of fried rice and noodles. I think just having a half serving of the delicious duck fried rice would be enough to serve as a meal! But you get a whole serving of starch, and the option of half/half is amazing!!! YUM! Just standing there looking at the choices made my eyes water. Then there's the entrees... OMG. No joke. I was so overwhelmed by the starches, I barely even had the mind to pay attention to the entree selection! But the seasoned fried chicken was yummy (almost like a sweet garlic chicken), it stuck to my brain all day!Kimchee gyoza was cold, but it was still FRICKEN GOOD! I'm going to get more next time.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,4/30/2010,226,303,7,6,6>I guess Min beat me to the review of Coffee Day!After a quick run around Ala Moana Beach Park and a workout at the gym, what could be more perfect than a cold icy Korean style shaved ice with papayas, strawberries, bananas, mochi, azuki beans, Jasmine green tea powder, and ice cream?  It was $6 and let's just say I couldn't finish the bowl even though it was so yummy.  I tried... and tried... and tried... but failed even without eating any dinner.  With the exception of the mochi and ice cream, I didn't really feel that guilty diving into a dessert after a workout.  We actually came here as a second choice because City Cafe wasn't open.  Min can't shut up about City Cafe!  I swear I hear him say "City Cafe" and "shaved ice" like every five minutes.  Can you imagine working out and hearing "shaved ice, City Cafe, shaved ice, City Cafe?"  I haven't been there yet but stay tuned.Oh, and I know we say "SHAVE ICE" in Hawaii and not "SHAVED ICE" but really, it's ice that's shaved so YEAH!  Did you know they say "ice shave" on the Big Island???  Whatever.  Bottom line is... It's refreshing!
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,4/29/2010,295,401,22,26,26>I think I found my favorite place to eat pho in Hawaii!This well established Vietnamese restaurant is known for two things: 1. pho 2. lines out the door I've always wanted to try this place but the crowd turned me off. Fortunately, it seemed to move pretty quickly. With only a ten minute wait, the over worked server sat me down where locals and younger tourists were chomping on delicious bowls of pho. I scanned the menu and found exactly what I wanted: tai (rare slices of beef) medium sized at $6.75. She asked if I wanted my beef inside or outside (i.e. cooked in the broth). I choose outside because I didn't want my beef to be over cooked and tough.My pho arrived within 7 minutes and came with an ample amount of fresh vegetable/herb condiments. I was in shock because I tried to stir all the veggies and herbs but couldn't because it was impacted with the pho noodles. The only complaint I had was the noodles were a little bit shorter than I'm use to. I want to slurp up as much as possible! They are very generous with their thick slices of beef - 13 pieces! Previous reviews mention the lackluster service but mine was fine and I also managed to make the waitress smile once! Don't wear your Sunday finest when you come here. It's in Chinatown - enough said! It was so good that I finished the whole bowl and was completely satisfied. I paid cash (only) for my check and walked out into the beautiful sunny skies of HI.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2009,4/28/2010,478,91,3,5,3>==================================================­=============RJR - Issue # 71 - - TRAVEL CHANNEL MAN vs. FOOD (Triple Crown Island Tour)==================================================­=============Inspired by the Man vs. Food (Honolulu Episode aired 9/9/2009) with host Adam Richman.I say, "Why watch it on TV, when you can live it!"(Part 2 of 3) of an epic RJR Yelp Review Mini-Series[Conducted the weekend of 9/12/2009]The second stop, of my MvsF Triple Crown Island - it was all about the Hawaiian food...at Helena's KitchenI stopped in during the afternoon, to snack at this lil joint in Kalihi...*smiling as I take a seat*  the owner proudly displays her framed "Man vs. Food" shirt near the register...and I was being handed a menu, I mention to the owner that I caught the show and that came in to give it a try!static.px.yelp.com/bphot…As soon as she heard that, she talk story about the different locations they once had, about Adam Richman, the Man vs Food film crew, and her son (Craig Katsuyoshi) who was featured on camera...all shot back in June 2009...And when I was ready to order...all I said, was - "I have what they had..."--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­-------------Pork Laulau (pork wrapped in Luau and tea leaves)Pipikaula-style short ribs (small order)static.px.yelp.com/bphot…--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­-------------One thing about Hawaiian food it's simple and straight forward. No fancy plating, No extravagant ingredients, and no special spices. There, it's on a plate - it's grind time.The Pork Laulau seem pretty basic to me, so I was not overly wowwwwed...But the story of this place, it's all about their trademark Pipikaula...Similar to beef jerky, Helena's preps their pipikaula-style short ribs by hanging the pieces of short ribs over the stove in the kitchen to dry (as seen on TV) after being marinated in shoyu.  Hanging up there for hours to deepen the flavors and juiciness...Then when it's ordered, take it down for a quick pan fry to crisp...a little slice and dice...serve the bowl...and it's take a bite and enjoy the flava!All in all, it was a simple, yet satisfying meal at a little hole in the wall that's all about local being local...with friendly service that earned the 4th star...TAKE NOTE- Don't order the small order, get the bigger order! Trust me... (Coming up, MAC 24-7 and the Mac Daddy Challenge)
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,4/27/2010,391,466,4,7,6>Since it has been mildly freezing in Hawaii we wanted to head off to a place where we can eat something hot. Usually go to Tenkaippin but sometimes we like to change it up by heading into touristy Waikiki. Again. Just like Japan. Small little place with many autographs from famous people written in Japanese that we can't understand on the wall. I always wonder if those are actually famous people because I want a place on the wall to write my name in katakana. Anyways awesome service by the older lady who works in the front by herself. We always feel so special because she always asks if we are kama`aina. I tink she can tell brah. Haha. Anyways I wanted to try the oxtail but didn't wanna go through the flabby fabulous fat so I ordered the miso ramen with fried rice and gyoza. The ramen broth tastes so similar to those little ramen place we ate at in Japan, a little bit bland but probably contains an excellent amount of sodium (enough for me to not be able to put my rings on in the morning). I love the ambiance of this place. In the beginning of Waikiki so you don't get the true full blown tourists. It was busy last night when we ate there but we got a seat. Don't forget to bring cash since that is all that is accepted. Overall, Ramen Nakamura is pretty legit! Go try! Go!
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,4/26/2010,58,57,6,5,7>Poke-poke-poke!!! Yay. Can't go wrong with pokes at Yamas. They have been doing a great job for yearssss. It's da mom/pop place, can't go wrong. It's hard to find parking at times, especially, lunch hours. I have had many bentos and lunch plates here. My personal favs are : pasteles, poi bowl, ahi limu poke, #6 plate , dried aku, kimchee ahi poke... spicy ahi ( da hawaiian one is ono too), boiled peanuts, chocolate haupia and pipikaula. The prices aren't as high as other spots.I would say affordable even on a college budget. Sometimes, when I didn't have $ I would only buy like1/4lb of poke  or small poi and rice. Hey, that was more than a meal to me, it was super onolicious.They have other snacks but I stick to hot -fresh-homemade food. Sometimes, it's so freakin busy, other times...dead quiet. Best poke in town , no doubt. It's non touristy and local, can't beat that. Plenty take outs throughout the day... so be on time!!! You have been warned.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,4/25/2010,75,169,3,8,5>OMG melt in your mouth mind-blowing sushi. Be prepared to drop a lof of money at this place. I sat at the bar and it was about $240  for 2 people. If you cant spend that much, then reserve a table and get a la carte items so you can save some cash. They just kept making us specials and serving you till you tell them to stop... and each one was of the highest quality fish I've ever imagined possible. Really an experience of a lifetime. Sorry no pics this time I was sooo hungry and didnt have a camera....... This is the Rolls Royce of Sushi....I never imagined how great fish can taste untill I sat at the bar here. Very very pricey but worth every penny.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,4/24/2010,431,254,4,3,3>Lunch time: Green papaya salad with Thai BBQ chicken and sticky rice.  You can get it mild or spicy.  I got spicy :).Ok so I thought I could do spicy.  I mean...i could, i just started sweating and my lips ended up burning after eating the red chilli pepper.   i love papaya salad and this place makes it different from any other places I've eaten AND bff's mom.  it has chopped tomatoes in it and string beans.  I mean, no complaint.  it was delicious.  This place is convenient as it is in the Ala Moana Shopping center.  4 stars for the food...but I would put a 2 for "meh, i've experienced better" for the staff.  The manager served me.  She was so "in a rush" even there was no crowd.  I felt pressured when I could not decide on what to order.  HELLO!  isn't that a good sign?  they should be stoked that it is hard to decide as EVERYTHING is yummy there.  but i guess they beg to differ.  that's all.  I will go there again, hopefully "sassy manager" is not there.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,4/23/2010,207,115,20,4,6>My last fish died a tragic death, I dumped out about half the water then turned the faucet on to refill the bowl with my fish still in it. Apparently the person who used the sink previously had been using hot water :( my carelessness resulted in my fish being cooked, poor guy turned white right before my eyes...Im so sorry fish. After some time to grieve I went to Modern to pick up Betta 2.0 Its always a good sign when you enter a business and they have a house kitty that lives in the store. He was a plump tabby that was sleeping on a cardboard box. I think I pet him longer than it took me to pick out my fish, he ended up on the counter when I was making my purchase. I now have a fish for my desk at work, I hope he can go the weekend with no food :/ I just thought of that. They only had a handful of Betta's and I was hoping for a red one but they only had blues and one white, sadly enough the white one looked like my old fish after I boiled him alive by accident. I settled on the blue one with the biggest fins I could find and bought some betta pellets and freeze dried shrimp. I dont know much about aquariums or fish but this place seemed welcoming enough and had a plethora of fish stuff. Of course the main reason I will return and buy my fish food from this place it to contribute their fat tabby kitty food fund.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,4/22/2010,32,263,5,7,6>The new Sanrio cafe is adjacent and conjoined to Sanrio Surprises at Pearlridge downtown center. We came here because last Friday we saw a sign that it'd be open today. Hello kitty themed everything desserts! Sanrio labels and hello kitty trademark outlines/logos on pretty much everything you could see. There were pound cakes shaped like Hello kitty, and a bunch of mini desserts with chocolate stamped pieces showing the Sanrio banners, all in nice translucent containers that are cute and I appealing to eat. I really want to go back and try those little strawberry tarts, but I don't think I spied any creme brulee like at the japanese ones. Perhaps they'll get it later. I noticed there was also a selection of teas you could order to have with your dessert... but we were there, just for dessert... my friend pretty much let me choose, and she knows I have a hard time making up my mind, so I got 3 of those mini cheesecake cups for us to share. Strawberry, Caramel and Chocolate fudge. They were definitely rich tasting. I found it very interesting that it took a lot of time to box up our very small order. The box they were in was also very large, but I guess presentation really is important. they were a little more than $3 bucks each. I wonder if those nifty cups cost a whole dollar! I actually broke one though cause I was playing with it after we were finished. I guess the integrity isn't so strong, which is probably good for the environment to some degree. Hi There Kitty: Okay, I probably wouldn't go here without a girl next to me... but I'll probably be back, it was pretty good."But things just get so crazy living life gets hard to do. And I would gladly hit the road get up and go if I knew, that someday it would bring me back to you" -Adam Levine
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,4/20/2010,560,702,2,10,9>We loved it! We were lucky enough to go with Veterans of many visits there. Having been to Taiwan several times for extended periods I was expecting a very authentic experience. The good news is it was. The Broth is the key (the healthy broth is recommended, but Spicy is available). The additional ingredients are available in the coolers on the back wall and we tried most of them. Overall it was a fantastic experience and should not be missed. Now for the downside, long lines and a wait. Plan to be out in 90 mins.BYOB
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2010,4/19/2010,48,216,44,71,52>I agree. Lan Vo is great. I won't say amazing since she missed a few things, but as we shape our own "destiny", I can't say she's wrong. My mother pulled me out of school to go see her as a walk-in to decide if college in the mainland was right for me.7:45 I get to school, by 8:15 I'm out the door. So I'm dressed up in my uniform and go to her home on the Pali where my mother's been coaching me and telling me about who she is, how she preaches herself, and how she conducts herself too.BTW listen well since her English isn't that great. But if you're a walk-in, prepare to wait; her receptionist told me some people wait all day and still cannot get a meeting with her. So as you meet her, she sits you down and will give you a pack of cards to shuffle and asks you to pick two cards. From those two she bases the reading.I'm amazed and what she knew without me asking; and the fact that her past is 10000000% accurate and the present was spot on, she made me a believer. Like I had mentioned above, the future was a bit bleak but maybe I had to have heeded that advice for that to come true as well.I was $75.00 for a half hour reading. My aunt also came with me that day, and out of the goodness of Lan Vo's heart she took my aunt for free. She said her aura was bad and that since she was in a financial rut, she refused to take her cash. All in all I so believe in her.Who knew Lan Vo's a giver? ^^
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,4/18/2010,45,151,4,7,4>Bottom Line: A new Korean plate lunch place with some potential!I was going to get my hair cut, and thought I was going to try Ono Seafood because of the good reviews here.  But then  I spotted this new restaurant as I was getting my hair cut right next door at Island Style Cuts.  I thought I'd check it out on Yelp, and it wasn't there!  I thought, "cool!  I get a first review!   I have to eat there now!"The place is located right where La Bamba Mexican restaurant used to be on Kapahulu Ave.  There's parking behind the building, next to the new Waiola Shaved Ice stand.There are several tables in there, and it's pretty bright and clean inside.The service was very friendly and good.  The nice Korean gal spoke in somewhat broken English, but we were able to converse well enough.  She recommended the Korean Hamburger Steak, but I elected to try the Spicy Korean Chicken dish for my first experience.As I was waiting for my order, I asked what the name of the restaurant meant.  She explained that Hansik means "korean foods."   Or at least, that's what I could surmise from our conversation.  I asked what the "21" part of their name referred to, and she told me in a secretive tone, "I don't know!"  I think one of the owners was right around the back.  A few minutes later, a plate lunch styrofoam container appeared.  It was filled with some boring lettuce leaves with shredded carrots for a salad - probably straight from a big bag in Costco.  Next to it was a huge scoop of some yellow-ee mayo-ee mac salad.  There was also two generous scoops of white rice, and some chicken dish that had a slightly greasy looking red sauce.  It smelled good!The mac salad tasted pretty good, despite it having too much mayo for my taste.  There were hints of egg, and possibly cilantro in there, but it really was hard to tell with the amount of mayo.  I had a few more small bites, but then stopped - deciding that each yummy, creamy bite was removing several days from my life, for every mayo covered noodle that went into my mouth.  The rice was perfectly cooked - and it went well with what turned out to be a very good chicken dish.  After the great aroma, I got that the chicken was perfectly cooked.  It was juicy and tender.  The sauce was very mild to me, but I like spicy food.  It wasn't as greasy tasting as I thought it might be.  There were bits of carrot and baby broccoli in the sauce, and it all blended fairly well.  I ate half the plate, and saved some for later......I wanted to see how the plate lunch held up to being covered and taken somewhere else to be eaten.  Some foods don't stand up well to being steamed for long while you transport your food to go.  It turns out that this food handled it well, and was still yummy an hour or two later.I'll definitely back to try some more of their great dishes.  Their food was just better than I expected, and their friendly service was extra nice for me.  ;)
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,4/17/2010,54,322,3,5,3>Been here a couple times, most recently for a fundraiser.  Bowling here is awesome. I love the lanes, set-up, "free" prizes, and the chill d.j. The food in the cafe, especially the cakes and pies temptingly call out. The shoes are well-maintained. In case you forget socks, you can purchase a cute pair for $3 ... adorned with bowling pins! It was a busy night and they were definitely understaffed. We tried finding an attendant for ages, and after ordering, we waited even longer for our drinks and food. The fries were $6 (!). With the texture, they seemed homemade ... I wanted to like them for that reason but they just weren't that good. They were ok, but the whole time I kept thinking about a midnight run to Zippys for their $2.60 chili cheese fries ...A weird thing: be warned ... if you're consuming a beverage in the bowling area while waiting for your turn to bowl  (but NOT in the lane), you're not allowed to hold your beverage longer than one sip. That said, if you're "caught" holding your beverage, a bouncer/guard/bowling employee will rush over and gruffly tell you that the drink has to be on the table. The bowling alley is very clean and has a hip feel. Aiea Bowl makes bowling cool!
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,4/16/2010,182,292,3,6,5>Soul De Cuba is a cute, little African-Cuban (I'm assuming, from the little questionnaire I filled out after our meal) restaurant in downtown, across the street from the Hawaii Theater on Bethel street. From all the Yelp recommendations and raving reviews from my friends, I decided to give this place a try. We went during off-peak hours and the restaurant had a few patrons, but thankfully no wait. We ordered the Papa Rellena, which as Dev described, tastes like a ball of win. It has a seasoned ground beef center, wrapped with mashed potatoes, deep-fried so it has lightly breaded, almost flaky crust. The portion sizes are pretty big and we all had to take home our leftovers. My palate prefers simple tastes most times, but I appreciated the explosion of flavors from my dish (that I couldn't pronounce then, or now, and can't even spell out here). In each bite, I feel like there was a lot going on taste wise and that's definitely not a bad thing!The staff was extremely nice and I enjoyed the atmosphere in the restaurant. The restaurant itself really transports you elsewhere--the framed photographs on the wall were also a nice touch. Overall, I really enjoyed Soul De Cuba. My recommendation is to go during off-peak hours for a date. You'll score brownie points for appearing cultured...even if you heard about it via Yelp, like me.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2010,4/15/2010,89,41,18,25,13>Haha Femme Nu. I ended up coming here during the summer one night with two guy friends (one who later ended up becoming my bf, imagine that). We were just looking to drink and cruise, so we headed over to Jazz Minds, but there was some super crappy music flowing out of the front door and the cover was $5, so we were hesitant about going in.After some discussion as to where we should go to get cheap drinks close by, one of my friends kinda begrudgingly told us that at Femme Nu the $7 dollar cover included a free drink, so I was sold and we headed over.Up entering the club, I immediately felt like this was a bad idea. I had never really been to a strip club before so I was kinda uncomfortable with the whole thing, especially the politics about it, tipping girls and what not.  My boys bought me drinks all night and before I knew it we were in front of a table trying to make some girl take off her clothes, but she was super lame and wasn't doing anything, and then some strange couple called her over and stole her away, interesting, apparently we weren't throwing enough money at her.Guys, the girls here are pretty cute for the most part.  They dance on these large body pillows on the stage.  We sat in the corner of the room for the majority of the night and had a good overview of most of the club, hence we saw a lot of chicks getting all freaky without having to actually pay them, which I know the guys I came with appreciated. Although one of my friends made a comment about how most of the hot girls seemed to have these horrible pissed off expressions on their faces, which is like never good, at least pretend you are having fun girl and make that $!There was one girl working that seemed to be having fun and doing all sorts of moves all over her pole and table. It was quite impressive.  She had the full attention of a group of 8 guys and there were people all around her area, she was working it! It was quite entertaining and she was breaking out a lot of awesome raunchy moves which involved her private regions.I am not quite sure if I will be going back anytime soon or even in general because I don't personally enjoy spending my cash or others cash trying to get random chicks naked but I had fun here that night, and it was definitely worth $7 cover +1 free beer.  One thing that I found strange was that the serving staff was dudes, and a lot of them.
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,4/14/2010,104,84,6,5,5>I discovered Gomaichi shortly after I started working at HMSA, and was impressed with their noodles at first taste. Fortunately, seven years later, they haven't changed very much.The wakame tan tan men, which I ordered, comes with a healthy serving of noodles, seaweed, and a salted hard boiled egg. Noodles were thin and cooked on the tender side. The first flavor you'll notice, though, is the "tan tan" flavor - the sesame-chili flavor. It's a good heat - about as spicy as the regular spicy curry at Curry House. Of course, if you're used to rooster sauce and sauces made from habanero, it might not be spicy enough for you. The service, though maybe not the friendliest (maybe because they're not 100% comfortable with English so I'll cut them some slack), is quick but attentive. They're quick with the water refills, which is good, because the spiciness of the tan tan creeps up on you. You'll be eating it, and then when the capsaicin finally reaches your brain..."Man, I need some water..." With Goma-tei just a couple blocks makai serving an almost identical menu (that's another review), Gomaichi is still pulling in customers. Besides, when half the customers there appear to be Japanese ex-pats, that's a good sign.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,4/13/2010,257,112,4,5,3>Okay, so the FIVE-star rating is a bit high but...It's tasty, conveniently located, reasonably priced and pretty darn authentic**TASTE:  Full of flavor, the food here is awesome.  While everyone has their "go to" places for Thai, I'm always comforted by the quality and consistency of the dishes at Siam Garden.  Not the most elaborate-looking dishes, you can tell that they were prepared with quality and care in mind.  FAST & CONVENIENT:  Located right off of Nimitz, it's easy enough to get to, even on a whim.  For takeout, I normally call in my order when I'm about 5-10 minutes away and my food is almost always ready when I arrive.  If you have to wait, take a walk down to Sensually Yours, which is probably the only non-food place that will be open around dinner time.  OR NOT...if browsing through massage oils and porn tend to negatively affect your appetite.  It is a good time-killer though...FAVORITES:  Mmm...so many good dishes on the menu, but I normally go for the green papaya salad (medium for me), chicken pad thai, pad siew, and beef larb.  Oh...and they offer both brown and sticky rice.  **Yeah, authenticity is subjective but here's my reasoning with Siam Garden.  Whenever I'm feeling a little lonely for those late-night dinner runs in Southeast Asia, this place comes pretty close to making me feel at home, complete with the full bar and Thai karaoke.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2010,4/12/2010,52,96,3,4,4>We've been coming here for over 12 years.  I was going to do an update but turns out I've never reviewed the place. *gasp*This is for all intents and purposes a traditional Japanese restaurant.  Miso soup, teishoku, sushi, etc.  The are some non-Japanese twists added.  E.g. They serve rib eye steak on a hot plate; they serve green salad with meals.  But that's typical Hawaii.The teishokus are decent.  The usual chicken katsu, tonkatsu, sashimi, unagi, etc. are all on par with the class of restaurant.The better offering is sushi.  There is a sushi bar with Japan trained sushi chef.  They shop for the ingredients themselves and prep everything in plain sight.  Depending on supply, they will sometimes serve toro (fatty tuna), snow crap, etc.  The sushi bowls are also very well done.Stick with the normal dishes and you won't be disappointed.  I also recommend the Sunset roll (nori rolled salmon with spicy ahi and cream cheese and tobiko center, battered and deep fried). Nom nom!I also suggest stay away from the steak.  Everyone keeps raving about it.  I tried it today, not bad but nothing to write home about.  Eat ethnic food when you are in ethnic restaurant please.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,4/11/2010,169,134,10,6,6>This is where my reputation as "the angry Chinese girl" began...I love Krazy Karaoke for the 1/2 off Mondays, private rooms, song selection (they have a new song list for all the current popular songs) and sound system.  I always have a great time and feel at home so that I sing as loud and as out of control as I want to, with only my friends to witness (and probably a few passer-byers - I just try not to look outside of that little square window on the door, and pretend that there's no one out there haha).  The last time I went, I went with a bunch of co-workers, and their jaws all dropped (because I'm just a happy mellow surfer girl) when I busted out Alanis Morissette's "You Oughta Know," along with some other man-hating songs (yes this was following a little break up haha).  And from that Krazy Karaoke day on, I was known as "the angry Chinese girl."  So check out Krazy Karaoke next time you need to vent, or whenever you want to have fun and get kraaaaazy!
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,4/10/2010,473,75,11,6,6>Dearest Blue Hawaii Jasmine Acai Bowl,Oh how I love thee let me count the ways..I love that your acai tastes soo good... the perfect blend of soy milk and some other magical goodness that makes me oh so happy!I love your strawberries, banana's, and blueberries. Always ripe and so sweet !!I love your organic granola ... so crunchy and adds great texture to your delicious acai!And the best part about you .. I love the organic honey that is drizzled everywhere... ahhh... heavenly ... Let's get married and live happily ever after. I promise I will treat you good!Love,Lindsey P.S Your turkey pesto panini... is also very very delicious!!P.P.S Your tomato pesto bagel sandwich is amazing!! So much pesto and cheese! yummyP.P.P.S I lalso like that you give big blue cups for water.. and not the tiny cups that most places give...  !
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/10/2010,4/9/2010,154,194,6,16,14>Assagio in Mililani really deserves a 3.5 stars, but since I am stuck with the choice of three vs. four stars, they get the lesser rating. I've been coming to this particular Assaggios for over five years - most recent visit being 4 days ago. Why 3.5 stars and not 4.0? The service runs hot and cold... But let's talk about the food first:- EXCELLENT Caesar's Salad ($7.90/per person), made right at your table! That's right. Your waiter rolls up a cart right up to your table and prepares it in front of you...raw eggs and all! Salmonella be damned! You'll need to order a minimum of two orders before they will roll out the cart. Its very garlicky and good. Have mints handy for the next few days!- Pasta sizes very decent. The "full size" for my meal of Shrimp and Scallops Alla Bolla ($23.90) was so filling I couldn't finish it. Instead, I took home left overs and ended up adding one pound of fresh pasta and tossing it with the left overs as it was super buttery (greasy but oh-so-tasty) for my lunch the next day. It came out perfect! The shrimps were pretty big and the scallops were very large and generous-sized (albeit a bit undercooked and raw in the middle).- Wine by the glass was decent. The Charles Krug ($8.50) was surprisingly good, considering I've purchased bottles of Krug and it didn't taste this good...maybe it was either the the year of bottling (I hate to use the word "vintage") or the fact that we were paying per-glass that made it taste so much better.- Skipped dessert...portions are too large to eat any kind of sweets after!Now for the SERVICE. This particular location runs hot-and-cold. Never in my 5+ years of dining here have I ever had truly excellent warm service. The worst service I got was, believe it or not, from someone I believed to be one of the owners (or so I was told).  I was there to buy a Christmas gift certificate and got a chilly icy and downright rude reception. I should have just walked out at that point but I am sucker for their food and keep coming back for more.Most of the wait-staff have been there a while. Some of the waiters have been there for a long time, I know because I see them all the time, over the years, pulling different shifts. No matter how experienced, though...the service is never as warm as I'd expect it to be. The "air" needs to be ventilated because sometimes its downright chilly.FOOD - 4.0 starsSERVICE - 2.5 starsVALUE - 3.0 stars (large full portions, always some to take home)AMBIANCE - 2.5 stars (very noisy at peak hours)PARKING - 3.0 stars (plan to park farther away on the weekends)Would I come back? I guess I must ;-) Food is great, service could be better.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,4/8/2010,253,278,4,5,3>Ever want to skip dinner and just go for dessert?You've found the right place.  My first impression when I walked in was "Dessert Bar" hahaa. Seriously, they have a counter with bar stools and you sit, look at a chalkboard for what dessert, drinks and (get this) okuhara saimin ($1.75! so if you want a cheap eat, come here!) you want to order. There are 4 tables as well, but it's a pretty small place. I came around 9 and only the counter seats were left - around 10 pm? Forget it! It was packed! People were literally standing up because there were no seats.  Looked like everyone was having a good time tho!Their desserts change based on what's available. According to the nice lady helping us, everything is fresh, not frozen!Location:  Near King and Keeaumoku intersection, before Kaheka and what use to be the Futon Mattress company. There isn't any noticeable sign, the window does bear the name but if you're driving, you won't see it. According to the window, there is parking (I think it's a driveway that leads you to a lot) but I just got meter parking on King. woo!Service: Very friendly but since if the place is crowded, expect to wait aroundPrice: Dessert Ala Carte runs from $4-7 when I went.  Their offerings range from interesting (Broiled Mochi with 3 sauces (sweet soy, some powder thing and...something else...my friend got this dish and said he liked it - it was interesting and he's artistic so I guess he appreciated it) to more familiar (creme brulee, wine gelee with fruit, mini cupcakes with different topping flavors, waffles and fruit).  Presentation is beautiful and the desserts are yummy.  =)  Not WOW but yummy.  They have ice cream (or Ice Milk as they call it), shakes, malts(!!!), variety of teas! but I went for good ol' Root Beer.  Get this...3 scoops of Vanilla Ice cream and IBC root beer for $3.50.  OMG. UNHEARD OF! Usually most places stick one scoop Vanilla Ice Cream and just let it float to the top! But when I saw them put 3 scoops I was like the wolf in the Warner Bros. cartoon where he sees the sexy red hair girl come out on stage. DAYUM! hahaa.Atmosphere:  Casual with a little subtle artistic flair, nice cozy kind of place to just chill, which is what my friends and I did after eating at La Pizza Rina (on the same block! score!).  Restroom is in the back to the left - unisex (no, not you need sex, I swear).Overall, I had a nice, pleasant time.  Everything that my friends and I ordered were delicious...we were there for 1.5 hrs just eating dessert and chilling - bill for all 4 of us was $29! Pretty good considering 1) amazing root beer float (thank you God), 2) Coffee with free refills, seriously! My friend had like 3 cups and they only charged him once! I hate when places charge you for each cup, 3) two orders of Belgian Waffles with fruit, 4) Broiled Mochi and 5) mini dobasche, ganash? x 2 & buttercream cupcakes.  They were so nice, I wanted to leave $7 tip but before I could get out my other $2 (my wallet isn't organized), the lady came and collected!They're open Wednesday - Saturday from 7 - 12?am I think.  I know, weird hours. I took a picture of the times, so I'll load it later.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,4/7/2010,46,88,4,4,4>A friend took me here for lunch to celebrate a new job - and I had never even heard of the place! Apparently it's a pretty well kept secret, hidden as it is over near Rainbow Bay Marina at Pearl Harbour. I thought it was great though! Basically to get there, act like you're going to Arizona Memorial (PH Historic Sites), turn right at the entrance and follow the road all the way back until you get to the Ford Island Bridge (it looks like an overpass overheard).There's a beautiful view of the marina - the boats are just like 100 feet away - and the restaurant is on the second floor but the walls are knocked out so it's like a giant porch basically with this beautiful post and beam construction. It's pretty quiet and breezy considering its location in Aiea, I felt relaxed and not hurried at all. The menu is simple and consists basically of hearty food like burgers, salads, ribs with rice, and so forth -  and you get good portions and excellent service for the pricing which is reasonable - most entrees are around $10 and you won't need anything else. I was totally stuffed and trust me I can eat.I ordered the seafood platter or whatever it's called which is basically scallops, shrimp, fish, and calamari deep-fried over fries. It came with plenty of lemon, cocktail sauce and tartar sauce. The sauces seemed liked they may have been actually made there or at least 'spiced up'. My friend ordered the Arizona burger which looked pretty darn good - he certainly had no problems polishing it off.They did a great job deep-frying the seafood, it wasn't mushy or greasy or anything like that. It was flavourful and popped in an explosion of juice in your mouth. In fact when I bit into one scallop a little bit of the juice shot onto my cellphone - that's how juicy they are so be careful you don't take an eye out! The fish was flaky and delicious with a beautiful golden crust. The fish must have been fresh because it didn't fall apart, it held together despite being fairly thinly cut. I think it was mahimahi, but I'm guessing that depends on availability as is the norm. The shrimp were huge and beautifully fried to perfection. The meat was juicy and just.. a burst of awesome but the tails of the shrimp were fried to perfection so you could crunch on them if you like to like I do. The fries were okay, nothing special. I prefer thick-cut skin-on fries but I can't complain - I ate everything.The service here is excellent - my water was constantly refilled, they were extremely attentive, friendly and I never felt like we had to ask for anything nor were being pressured in any way.Bottom line, the service is good, the food is good, the venue is good with a beautiful view and nice breeze, the prices are good, and there's tons of parking. This is a place I will visit again and certainly enjoy again. I highly recommend it.They do have happy hours with half-off appetisers, domestic beers, and other sorts of things like that and I plan on taking advantage of those in the future!P.S. They do not take AMEX, but do take other major cards.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,4/6/2010,399,464,4,5,4>Yumm-eee.  I saw this place featured on that news segment with those two large guys who do Cheap Eats or somesuch; their names and news station escape me but you know, the guys who are doing their Biggest Loser challenge? Anyhoo, the next time I went to meet the husband for lunch we went here.I feared there'd be a big line, nope, there was not that day. There are many options, so make your selections before you get to the window. What kind of meat do you want? Or do you want poke? Rice? Vegetable? They give you ordering instructions on their menu.I had steak skewers, veggies, and rice. I wanted to get poke, but truthfully that doesn't fill me up.  Hubby had a pastrami sandwich. My steak skewers were really juicy and well-seasoned with salt and pepper.  My husband liked his pastrami sandwich, but he scarfed it down before I had a chance to taste it, so this is only hearsay. It was between $6 and $8 per person. You sit outside but it's right where there's a good breeze.  I had to keep firm tabs on my skirt!
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,4/5/2010,202,567,4,4,5>Was it just a magical 1st date?  Would our romance endure a repeat perfomance?  Would we have another mind blowing, gastronomic feast? Heck yeah!! I'll just mention the new dishes we tried... Soooo, happy Moi was available (it wasn't the previous night)! We had Moi nigiri sushi & a whole fried Moi (see photo) which was crisp, moist & delish! Moi moi moi.Wild boar tempura - I adore gamy meat. Marinated overnight. WOW, it melted in our mouths! The meat was fork tender & flavorful. This dish was sooo yummy we ordered a 2nd. :) Fried fish bones (see photo) - WTH, we had to try it! The bones were dried then deep fried. Crunchy. I liked the flavor of the Flounder best. Forget the chips - great pupu with beer. :) Beef tongue wrapped around asparagus & shitake mushroom. Flavorful but I always have a texture issue (too chewy) with tongue. It shouldn't be bitten. LOL!Orange sherbet - very refreshing! Tasted like the juice was frozen in the orange & served. Cheesecake - very smooth & creamy. This is my new favorite place.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,4/4/2010,74,28,6,5,6>There are very few things in this world that I love... Here are just a few. My girlfriend, my bike, my Fender Jazzmaster from 1962;guitar effects peddles, apple computers, even my iphone;television, drum machines, jackets, and backpacks that I own; t-shirts, shoes, my bed, sometimes my car; friends, family, cats, and nights at the bar;CD collection, DVDs, lettuce, okra, beets;the outdoors, San Francisco, Seattle, Portland - streets, Skateboarding, and concerts from way back when ...Bjork, Journey, Faith No More, Fugazi, the Police and Wham... *and ...  maybe there could be more things that I love...Especially the AHI MELT SANDWICH ($7.50) from Andy's - should be placed above...and in case you were wondering why this is in rhyme... I have no idea... :)*I have never been to a Wham concert... :)P.S. The Manoa Delight Sandwich from Andy's could also be added to the list...^_^
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,4/3/2010,40,176,7,7,7>Is there something about smoke in Hawaii that draws a person to it.  I know it's the exact opposite from what history has told us to do; but in Hawaii, a smoke coming from the side of the road is like the person at the airport runway signaling the plane to come in to, you know there's BBQ up ahead.Koala Moa is a small rotisserie chicken grill close by the Iwilei Costco.  When you get around that place, put your car windows down and just follow your nose.  The chicken is grilled using kiawe mesquite chips which is an open air invitation to BBQ, and I'm glad my olfacotory senes made the RSVP.The chicken itself is good.  It is not as flavorful as the rotisserie chicken in the North Shore as those chickens have a stronger, more pungent and distinct flavor (or maybe more salt, who knows).  The chicken was moist, the skin was not burnt, but had all the seasonings on it.  I had the large plate lunch that had a half of a chicken.  The plate lunch came with a side of kernel corn and 2 scoops of rice.  The sides are nothing fancy.  Besides, If you came here you knew already you wanted to bite into that chicken.There's ample parking but a shortage of outdoor seating.  However, you can order to go and make that hop, skip and a jump to Kakaako park for a nice picnic.  It's only a few minutes drive away.  I think they only take cash, so be prepared.  I would definitely go again.  At the cheap price it comes at, the plate lunch is a great order for anybody.  Plus, being in town, there aren't many other places to get this kind of chicken.  And with that...Itadakimasu!
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,4/2/2010,29,56,4,5,7>8 Fat is my local dive bar/pool joint/karaoke place/tasty kitchen.  It's right down Beretania from my place and for that I am very grateful as I tend not to remember leaving here!  For you drivers, there is a parking lot just beside the building and street parking after rush hour.When you walk in the door you'll see a dimly lit bunch of booths ahead of you and a pool table to the left.  Be careful on the right though, people may be throwing darts where you want to walk!  Sometimes booths are reserved for parties and I've definitely been here when it's standing room only, but it's easy to make friends while you're standing right next to somebody at the bar.  It's usually stuffed with longtime Makiki locals and they will happily talk story between songs.If you manage to grab a booth, the waitresses are super friendly and attentive, especially when you've been in a few times and they get to know you (these girls will remember you so tip well!).  The food is some of the best bar food I've had in town: I've tried the poke (average+), the gau gee (awesome), noodles (yum) and pork chops (good stuff).  And the drinks... there's usually a good special on (Wednesdays are dangerous for me because Crown is $3.50), and they have an okay selection of beers from Chimay to Black Butte to ever-popular Stella.Karaoke is $1 a song, just ask a waitress for a book and she'll take your requests to the bar.  I've definitely been singing along louder than the person with the microphone on occasion but everybody's pretty good-natured here; I think we're all aware that we can sing again tomorrow, ya know?  The crowd is generally mellower early and raucous later, like in any bar, and as yelpers before me mentioned, it's a mix of local lushes, great singers, college kids, and people who were hipsters back before that was the cool thing to do and have grown out of it but still haven't shaken the dive bar habit.  Understandable though, because 8 Fat is hard to quit!  Bring your friends, come hungry, put your singing voice on, and prepare to have a blast.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2010,4/1/2010,129,194,6,5,5>Tsunami Saturday inspired many people to do out of the ordinary things.  As for one of my acquaintances, it inspired him to drive out to Wahiawa and wait out the impending waves of doom in the botanical gardens there.  After hearing his report of "I don't even care whether or not there's a tsunami, this place is amazingly beautiful", I figured that some investigative reporting of this place was very necessary.So after eating some delicious barbeque at Molly's with friends, we circled the wagons and drove down the street to the Botanical Garden.A word to the wise, the gardens close promptly at 4 pm every day and the security guard there is unimpressed with trapped stragglers and does not enjoy letting you out of either the gardens or the parking lot.  So just be sure you leave yourself enough time to get out of the compound and parking lot.Leaving on time, however, can easily become a challenge because it's very easy to get lost here.  There are two levels at these gardens - a street level which is home to numerous trees and plants and what I will call the mud level which is accessible by at least 4 different sets of stairs and also a ramp.  What further complicates the process of navigating the gardens is the lack of signage to orient you when you're in the gardens.  The one map that we found outlined all these different areas to the gardens that no one in our group could really decipher or find.Also, just as Tamara P. pointed out, there were a few dead ends and stairways that looked to lead to nowhere or to backyards, etc.So, on one hand, it was definitely a gorgeous, jungle explorer experience.  The gardens are filled with a lot of beautiful lush green plants and trees and there are a few paths that are not paved and just completely coated in mud or dirt.On the other hand, this place was NOT designed to be very visitor friendly and seriously lacks maps, documentation of outlined areas, and clear exit signs.  Also, if you're the kind of person (like me) who is a naturally delectable delicacy to any and all buggies (like mosquitoes!), be wary & don't forget the bug spray.  During the hour (maybe less) that we spent at the gardens, I got bit on my hands, and all over my ankles and legs :(Overall, I recommend checking it out if you're in the area but there's no need to plan an entire day or weekend around this excursion.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2010,3/31/2010,89,131,5,3,4>My friend and I started a "burger club" where we go eat burgers and discuss how delicious they are. So far we're the only two members. Today was our first "meeting." We both were craving meat but we weren't super hungry so we decided to split a burger (the middle-meat size - you have 3 choices) along with an order of sweet potato fries.This was probably one of the best burgers I've had in some time. I'm glad that they offer so many options of cheeses, toppings, sauces but it was my first time eating there so initially I felt overwhelmed. Sometimes I get weird and don't want to have to make too many decisions, especially when it comes to eating. I just want a few choices so I can go on with my life - not sit there and contemplate what might be the perfect combination of toppings.I love all things sweet potato so of course I loved the fries. I also really liked the dipping sauce that was served with the fries, which I think was a mayo-aioli-wasabi flavor. Delicious! I coulda just spooned that into my mouth and been happy.What might deter me from eating here more often is that it's pricey. We split a middle-sized meat burger with Gruyere cheese, tomatoes, bacon, onions on an English Muffin bun and a full sized order of sweet potato fries. Total: $17 + change.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,3/30/2010,59,44,4,7,4>Le Crepe Cafe is a small hole-in-the-wall type eatery wedged between Boston's North End Pizza and Serg's Mexican Restaurant in Manoa.I've been here a couple of times, and the crepes are always GREAT!  They have a lunch special (I'm not too sure exactly what times they offer it) where you can get one savory and one sweet crepe for $9.50.  What a deal!  That's enough for two people to share.  My friend and I got one of these specials along with an extra sweet crepe (we had difficulty finishing all three though).The crepe batter is made from scratch daily in the store.  They have two specialized crepe cooking surfaces onto which the crepe master pours the batter and spreads it with his secret crepe batter swirling spreader tool.  He then flips it and adds the filling of your choice.  We ordered the Nutella crepe (which is simply Nutella spread inside).  That was good, but nothing special.  The strawberry/banana crepe was awesome though.  I forget what the catchy menu name was for that, but there are descriptions next to them.  For our savory crepe, we opted for the Margherita (basil, cheese, tomato).  That was great too.If you're looking for a light lunch or mid-day snack, stop by Le Crepe Cafe for any one of their savory crepes!  The sweet ones are outstanding too, but probably fly better in the morning!
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,3/29/2010,316,226,8,10,8>If you are a Boots and Kimos fan, don't hate me (which will probably be 99% of you).  BUT, I think that Dutch Pancake here kicks the Boots and Kimos pancakes with macademia sauce's ass.  Yes, I said it :P  Order the Dutch Pancake while you are waiting to be seated because it takes about 25 minutes to bake.  It is divine.  Fluffy on the outside, moist on the inside, and is delicious plain.  However, it's more delicious with the accompanying lemon juice and powder sugar that comes on the side.  This place is crowded on the weekends, so be ready for a wait.  Minus one star because the other breakfast food is good, but just not 5 stars good.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2010,3/28/2010,244,267,,9,6>You will find their stand at Ward Warehouse (by Starbucks & Wahoo's).  They are there only on SATURDAY'S, so don't go looking any other day or you wont find them there! Their BBQ Chicken is ONO (Delicious)! Their Menu includes:- Half Chicken - $4.00- Brown Bag Lunch Special - $6.00Includes: one half chicken, 2 musubi (rice), kim chee or chips and your choice of drink. Their first batch is ready at 8am and they are their until 5pm.  However, you might want to try and get there early because they are normally sold out by about 2:30pm!
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,3/27/2010,275,329,4,5,4>This place is straight out of a modern, film noir,  Alice in Wonderland rabbit hole. First of all, stepping out of the elevator from the apartment lobby and into the artsy, low-lit decor of Apartment 3 is something out of a movie where only the cool people get invited to the coolest lounge in the world. Ambiance is posh, but not stuffy. It's one of those places where you WANT to dress up, not because you're forced into it. Looking hot and sexy is the only way to go when you're competing with pictures of naked booties and breasts on the wall. With that said, no cover charge and validated parking. Oh yeah, baby. Next, our waitress was incredibly friendly, attentive and accommodating while she explained the drink specials and went back to the kitchen to find out what cookies they had left for the night. I really wanted to try their cookies and milk special but decided on getting drinks instead, which is where I sadly regret the choice. And this is the minus one star: their drinks leave something to be desired. Although she did have a custom made sangria made for me, it was analogous to the taste of spiked cough syrup...eesh, sorry for the queasy description. So, lesson learned--I'll stick to what's on the menu...preferably their espresso martini which seems to be all the rage.  I want to come back for their allegedly amazing happy hour and taste their pizzas, a better cocktail, and other $5 goodies. Also, I'll know not to wear my flip flops...
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,3/26/2010,272,94,6,6,5>people complain about this place because its small? come on. judge on food taste to price...hole in the wall spots are always needed. i would be more mad to walk into a large fancy place that served me junk.i use to be a regular at legends and few others in china town. this is a bargain spot for dimsum. not only that, the food here is fresh and delicious. the real deal chinese people know whats up, and they are here every weekend. rice soup is popular, along with the seaweed roll, juiciest   shumai, and shang hai dumplings. ive had. space is small and tight. and yes sometimes you have to sit with strangers on a table, but that just adds to the whole china feel for me... look at home sweet cafe, aint no body complaining about sharing tables there. know why? because there's really no other hot pot place to go to that will top them at the moment, so "you" my friend will eat with strangers if you have to.review on home sweet next, its been a long time since ive yelped.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,3/25/2010,185,168,12,13,9>I LOVE hot dogs.  To sum up my love for hot dogs my first job was Orange Julius for five years in which I never tired of hot dogs, but sadly, the Kahala location closed (the place I always went to).  I heart Costco because of their $1.50 hot dog (or polish dog) plus a drink meal, but they only have limited toppings, such as ketchup, mustard, onions, relish, and sauerkraut (but you can have all of the above at no additional charge).  I tried Puka Dog and I wasn't impressed because they only have things that can squirt into the cone shaped bun, which left me disappointed.  But alas, a GREAT hot dog place with not only great tasting hot dogs, but toppings galore AND a new twist on the dog.  Every day they have a special hot dog, like the alligator dog on Tuesday, the rabbit & veal dog on Wednesday, buffalo Thursday, lobster Friday, foie gras and duck Saturday, Kobe on Sunday, and surprise Mondays!!  On their regular menu they have a veggie dog, Chicago dog, Chorizo or Portugeuse dog and many more.I had the Chicago dog because if you can't ace this staple then I needn't return.  Which, they did.  I can't explain how good it is because it will start to sound like a mini porno. lol. Moving on...I also had the fries which can come with your choice of dipping sauces for a little extra ($.50-$.75).  The flavors they have are: Wasabi Tobiko Creme, Garlic Aioli, Curry Ketchup, and Chipotle Mayo.  I had the Wasabi tobiko and the garlic aioli, both to die for.  They also have sides like truffle mac n' cheese and onion rings, even creme brulee!Thinking about this place makes me wish I had tomorrow off so I could swing by for lunch.  But if I can't that doesn't mean you can't.  So why are you still reading??  Not convinced yet???  You're missing out.....GO GET ONE ALREADY!
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,3/24/2010,82,144,9,5,5>If I was on my deathbed and had one last meal, I would ask for Teddy's.  My final request would be:#1 with swiss cheese, mushrooms, and teriyaki sauce; garlic fries, and a diet pepsi.  Maybe drop an O-Ring, while you're at it...hell, it's my last meal.  Who gives. Stick a fork in me. I'm done. They have the juiciest homemade burgers this side of heaven.  That's my story and I'm stickin' to it.  The restaurants are 50s-themed joints.  Gives it a nice feel.  They even usually have matching music playing.  Most of the employees are younger kids, surfer kids, most are really nice.  They do their jobs.  And they come around and clean the tables so there are all kinds of spills there for the next hungry group.  AND whats really nice is that as you're dripping Teddy's Secret Sauce, Teri sauce, cheese, or anything else down your face, fingers, and other body parts, the nice folks at Teddy's stroll by your table and hand you wet wipes to clean up with when you're done!  It's like they know you're gonna be a hot mess and they came prepared for you.  How can you not love them?!  I can rest in peace knowing that after I have my last meal on earth,  the fine folks at Teddy's have covered all the bases.  My belly will be happy and full and my hands will be clean.  What more could I ask for?
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2009,3/23/2010,230,197,3,7,5>This location is so much better than the McCully Shopping Center one - where parking is such a mess.  The place is very modern looking and clean, in step with the whole Kakaako Ward Center complex area.  When my wife and I got there around 12:45 pm, there were still plenty of people there - which was a very good sign.  You pay for parking in one of those meter machines (can pay via credit card, bonus) and then when you show your host the receipt, he'll give you a token back to put back into the machine for a refund.  It's $1 per hour, very reasonable.OK to the food.  We only had three things. First the spring rolls.  They give you 3 spring rolls and cut them into halves so you essentially have 6 small servings.  The crust on the spring rolls was nice and light, with the color being more golden than brown like lumpia.  The fish sauce was thick and turned out more to be on the sweet and sour side.  Bottom line -- these were the best spring rolls I've had on the island.  I've tried spring rolls mostly at Vietnamese places here on the island and they are superior.  They were almost on par with some of the best spring rolls I've had at Vietnamese places in L.A.  Plus the presentation was clean and attractive.   Second, I ordered the pineapple fried rice.  The rice came out brown and reddish, which made me think there was some tomato paste base in there.  There were lots of tomatoes, onions, cilantro and of course, pineapple, along with the chicken I ordered.  The plate was delectable.  Most of the other Thai places I've gone to (Mekong II, Bangkok Chef, Chaing Mai, Keo's) do not serve this dish, so when I saw that on the menu I had to go for it - and I wasn't disappointed.  Third, my wife ordered the pad see euw after debating between that and the pad thai.  She should have chosen the pad thai.  While the pad see uew was light and not too clumpy, there was nothing remarkable about it and it was slightly too oily.  The pad thai we saw at other tables looked pretty scrumptuous and so next time we go we will try it.  It was a pleasant lunch in a nice, bright area, in a relatively brand new place, with free parking -- I don't really have any complaints and 2 out of 3 things we tried were excellent.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,3/22/2010,110,229,4,6,6>I LOVE this place. Food is consistently good.  The wine list always has at least 10 different red wines I want to try.  Never been disappointed with my selections for appetizers, entrees, desserts, and wine (only that I wish it lasted longer).The ambiance is pahhhfect too.  It's dimly lit, the music is chill loungy frenchy boudoir-ish, tables are somewhat close together without it being squished but instead cozy. plus theres plenty of parking and it's nice to be able to get out of the center of town, gives you a chance to breathe..  the service is very attentive and not pretentious what so ever.  it seems the staff actually like their job and that makes a big maddahfukkin difference.every time i've come here i've had a great dinner. it's also a very romantic restaurant (i came here last valentines day and it was the best vday dinner i've had). ahhh i love this place....
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,3/21/2010,139,416,3,3,3>We brought my parents and in-laws for the buffet on a Thursday night, and it was quite nice. On Monday-Thursday evenings they give seniors (over 50) a nice discount, so that made the sticker shock a little less, well, shocking for us. They have a nice table of ahi sashimi, another area with salad greens, an area with more "local" style salad items like cucumber prepared in vinegar, bean sprouts and such. There was a station where a chef prepared sushi and there was prime rib at that station also. There was some decent fish, and turkey katsu(!) I'm getting old and set in my ways, so I just couldn't wrap my fossilized brain around turkey katsu, having grown up eating chicken katsu. The crab legs were good but I just don't like all the messy work to get at the crab meat, so I didn't eat too much of that, but there was plenty to be had, for those so inclined. One thing that made me laugh was the pile of cold shrimp near the front of the display, you know the kind with the red shrimp cocktail sauce next to it. But nobody (including me) was eating it, because it still had the shell on it, and I guess we were all too lazy to get all down and dirty shelling the shrimp when we were all dressed up in Reyn's shirts and such. It sure seemed like an awful waste, though, with that pile of shrimp just sitting there waiting to be eaten. The desserts were appropriately decadent too, so that was nice, since we don't usually indulge our sweet tooths to such a degree.  Yes, it's not the best food I've ever had, but on the other hand it's also not a buffet in downtown Vegas either. Most of it was pretty delicious, and I managed to eat quite healthily also. I will probably come back...call me a Philistine or Neanderthal if you must (I am certainly no "Foodie,") but I do wish they would shell that shrimp!
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,3/20/2010,179,461,7,10,3>the brazilian...ahhh, i was soo scared. my bestie and i have always wanted to try it out but was freaked out. but during the holidays at our peak of happiness we decided to just do it.i booked our appointments and the person on the other line was soo nice i wanted to keep asking questions because she was so sweet.  What great service.So doomsday comes and we both took some motrin before because we wanted to ease the pain.Walking into the Waxing Company we were quite surprised...soo cute! Very clean and all the staff there were so friendly.I got my wax done by sandra and she was brazilian and used hard wax.  It was not bad at all! From a pain scale 1-10 it was like a 3.5.  Almost a 4 in a sensitive area where she kinda caught me off guard, but it was still ok.  She was soo good and I'm hooked.  I booked my maintanence  appointment.I just came back from my maintanence appointment and it was a little bit more sore but much quicker. I didn't have Sandra she was out of town, but I did have Leah and she was great.  So my advice is, if you never done it before and are very scared like I was....book an appointment here, they treated me like royalty.  Clean, friendly, and they did such a great job making me feel comfortable.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,3/19/2010,31,107,,5,5>Before I started working, I sadly did not have a chance to learn to difference between great Korean food and mediocrity.  Luckily, my boss is Korean and is also very generous and takes us out to lunch several times a year.  She introduced me to the more traditional way of eating Kalbi (with lettuce, Korean miso, and and the sesame oil, pepper, and salt dipping sauce.)  Since working with her we have frequented Millions several times and I have introduced this place to my friends.On a side note: I think its pretty cool how they grow their own herbs and vegetables outside of their restaurant it always looks so tasty when I walk by! Anyways we usually cook out own meat (which requires at least two orders).  We haven't really deviated from the marinated kal bi except for the unmarinated version which wasn't as good unless you like meat a lot.  The kalbi is always so tasty and my boss usually orders kim chee chige which is her favorite dish.  We have also tried the kimchee seafood pancake which was good besides the fact that I'm not a fan of kimchee (despite my bosses numerous attempts to try to make me learn to like spicy foods).  All in all the side dishes are great and the food is great and its right up there with my favorite Korean places to eat.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,3/17/2010,122,491,3,3,3>So Chris O. convinced me that Queen Street Cafe was worth a shot even if I worked in Kaimuki and would have to fight crazy traffic and going down side streets just to get there.  The husband and i decided to give this place a shot.  He said no spicy ahi since i was preggers but since we found websites that begged to differ... this was my first stop!So my iphone led me astray but someone's yelp review helped me find it.  I forget but whoever it was, thanks!  We found it and luckily the parking lot was empty!  It's so dark from the outside that it looks kinda shady.  But with all the high reviews, i was willing to risk shadyness for my spicy ahi!We walked in and didn't really know what to get.  It was like around 5pm, so right after work and i wasn't too hungry.  We ended up getting the spicy ahi bowl and the furikake chicken.  Andddddd three cans of soda.  Don't get grape soda if you don't like grape soda... i somehow forgot and grabbed it.  EWWW.  That was my fault and my fault alone.We waited for about 10 minutes and our food came out.  The spicy ahi salad was pretty good.  My favorite is still Ahi & Veg in downtown.  But the furikake chicken was nice, hot, and crispy.  YUM.I would give this place four stars but an extra one for value.  It was cheap and good.  Just the right amount to fill you up.  Oh they also have cookies.  I think we got the walnut and choco one.  Not that good.  Don't waste your money... go buy two more sodas instead.STICK WITH THE FOOD ON THE MENU.  YUMMMMM in your TUMMM =).
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,3/16/2010,362,1158,9,14,8>OMG, this place is gonna put the Kahuku Shrimp Trucks out of business.I no longer need to drive out to Kahuku to enjoy a declicious plate of garlic shrimp. I can get it right  here in town at Sam's Kitchen. This place which just opened about 5 months ago is operated by Sam Monaghan. He's famous in Japan for the shows he's done, but don't be fooled. He's been all over the world and has perfected his cooking, too. Today, I had a taste of the garlic shrimp, which is FABULOUS and the pesto shrimp, which also is very good. He uses sea asparagus which makes it a very healthy meal.I'm definitely going to come back for more!!!TIP: It is located across from DFS in Waikiki. You can park on the side street and you will not get towed because it's a private street. So pull on up and grab yourself a plate. Parking isn't an issue! Sweet!Writer not responsible for any towing expense if you happen to park on the wrong private street!  LoL.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2010,3/15/2010,92,120,23,6,4>Five.  Five dollar.  Five dollar meat juuuuuuuuuuun!Five.  Five dollar.  Five dollar meat juuuuuuuuuuun!Five.  Five dollar.  Five dollar meat juuuuuuuuuuun!At Cho Dang!Skinnier-but-still-with-man-boobs Jared can keep his sweet onion teriyaki subway sandwich.  I'm going to die happy with my five dollar meat juuuuuuun!I don't know why people complain about the service and other aspects of this restaurant.  It's a five dollar restaurant, for goodness sakes!  It's like walking into McDonald's and ordering a $1 McDouble and expecting the cashier to answer you in French and cut it into triangles like your momma did with your PBJ in elementary school.It's just a five dollar soon du bu (tofu soup) and meat jun place.  Nothing more, nothing less.  And in this era of the $9 chicken katsu plate lunch, it's definitely much more.  (Wait, I just contradicted myself!)Rated 5 stars (one for each dollar for the five...five dollar....five dollar meat juuuuuuuuuuuun)!
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2010,3/14/2010,91,203,14,11,8>I understand fusion, but Uncle Bo's is more like confusion. It's like The Jersey Shore meets Tokyo Drift.  It's like Rufio from Hook and Shredder from TMNT started an interior design firm, and this was their very first account.  It's like your divorced, Ed Hardy-wearing uncle's midlife crisis.I wish that the whole place were as avuncular as the name and the exterior suggest.  I love few things more than a familial dive that serves surprisingly amazing, chef-y food.  Uncle Bo, however, confuses me because, somehow, the huge menu isn't very diverse (how many parmesan/panko-crusted, or dynamite dishes do you need, really?), and not one part of the concept matches with the other.  Uncle Bo's isn't terrible (at least what we ordered), it's just confusing.  I guess even with a something-for-everyone type of menu, you can't please everyone.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2009,3/13/2010,35,142,6,5,4>Those peanut butter cookies wrapped around a Reeses peanut butter cup.. I am relatively certain if I don't die in a fiery motorcycle wreck coming down the Pali that's how I am going to die. Oh my god, they're delicious. I ate my dessert first and that was brilliant because I wouldn't have been able to shove the cookie down my throat if I finished that burrito first. I had the grilled mahi mahi burrito. The green onions and slaw complimented the fish really well. There was lots of rice in the burrito, I could have done with less but it was still so tasty. They have a variety of canned drinks (AZ tea, a local green tea, etc) and fountain drinks. Their spicy fries are just that, I stole a couple from my lunch companion. They also have a "quiver" special; $2.50 for a fountain drink and french fries. It's cheap, it's good, it's filling. Do eat here.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,3/12/2010,40,68,3,4,3>I pretty much had written off Bac Nam a couple of years ago because I'm not a fan of fish sauce and the one thing that I ate (spring rolls) was drenched in it (my co-worker liked to do that). I literally had a bad taste in my mouth for Vietnamese food after that. And sure, I had pho before, but it was pretty bland the first time I had it on the mainland and did not care for it ever since. Boy did I dupe myself.It was raining a couple of weeks ago and I wanted to eat something soupy and hot and not have to travel far from work. Since I LOATH Raraya, I just broke down and ordered pho from Bac Nam. As soon as I tasted the broth, the skies cleared and the angels (or demons to others) sang. That was some damn good pho. I wanted to kick myself for not trying more things here sooner. I liked it so much I went back and tried their curry which is also super good. I also tried my co-workers spring rolls but dipped it in their hot sauce instead of the yuck sauce and I felt redeemed.For those of you who also haven't eaten here in a while, they have since expanded and renovated. The place is much cleaner and not as cramped as before.I definitely have a new found love for Vietnamese food and know now to just ask for dishes without fish sauce. Such a simple concept evaded me and robbed me of a new love. Gawd how sappy was that?
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2010,3/11/2010,164,68,3,10,4>Ok, so I've only known about this place for a little under two weeks, and I've already eaten their burgers twice!  That says a lot, especially since I'm not a huge burger fan.The first time was due to the recommendation of a coworker.  I had the Korean Burger, which has a kalbi-like sauce on it.  It was indeed flavorful and tasty...my one gripe though was that the bun was a bit moist/soggy from the sauce.  But all and all, still yummy enough that I would try it again for a SECOND time in one week...And so today I had the Island Burger (flavored with Thousand Island dressing).  THIS burger I recommend!  It rivals Nico's cheeseburger and the Big Mac for sure in tastiness.  And there's something about it that's almost homemade, reminiscent of the old Burgerland (RIP) and W&M Burger.  A must try for your downtown lunch break :)The burgers are a pretty good deal at $6 (including fries).  They also have plate lunches too.  Disclaimer: I have yet to actually step foot into Aloha Island Grill (my coworkers have been nice enough to pickup lunch for me a couple of times), and so I can't comment on the place itself nor its staff.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,3/10/2010,116,221,2,6,5>Love this place.  I'm a big fan of pho and vietnamese food in general and this is the one place I will drive out of my way for.  The staff are extremely friendly and the place is clean!  CLEAN!  No sticky tables, no cob webs on the corners of the ceilings, no left over food particles on the menus, and no sticky residue on their condiment containers.  It's unfortunate that those things were considered normal in my experiences at other vietnamese restaurants.  The pho broth is flavorful without the fatty residue that floats at the top of the broth at some vietnamese restaurants, the basil and sprouts that come with the pho actually look like they've been cleaned, the barbecue chicken is a favorite for my daughter, and their egg rolls are at a good enough size that I don't mind paying over $5 for.  Just watch out for the heavy entrance door, it can hurt you.  I've seen an older couple have a difficult time getting it open and then get hit by it on their way in.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,3/9/2010,171,537,2,8,7>went here last night for dinner b/c i was craving a burger....i've never been here before, but always pass by.  there's usually a pretty decent crowd when i pass, so i figured it must be good - that, and its been there forever....i ordered a "Giant" burger, "Giant" fries and a mini hibachi chicken for lunch the next day.the burger was really good.  grilled on actual fire from what i could tell, it was a teri-burger with cheese, lettuce, onion, tomato and a french dressing type sauce similar to the one found in a "Big Mac" sandwich.  i could not tell if the hamburger patty was hand made, or if it was pre-made.... either way, it was good.  a nice size, and so much better than a fast food burger.the giant fries were good too - for $2 or $3 you get huge wedges of seasoned potato.  you get 5 wedges and i think this may equal an entire large potato.i tried a little bit of the hibachi chicken, b/c like i said, i was saving this for my lunch the next day.... the sauce was really good.  it was a hickory bbq sauce and this was slathered all over 3 pieces of grilled chicken.  also, they separate the mac salad from the plate, so that was nice b/c that means they put more food in the plate  vs. taking up space with the mac salad.  i was pretty surprised to find 3 pieces of chicken.... good stuff - and the mini was a little over $5 so not bad.i liked it here - the staff were friendly, the tables outside were clean and the food (so far) is good.  i'll definitely be back for another visit!
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2010,3/8/2010,265,441,9,12,5>About as local as pineapples, potholes and Kimo's (the yelper) insults, Boot's and Kimo (the restaurant) is a satisfying must-eat especially if your time on the island is limited. Many of the locals that I talked to before coming here thought B&K is over-hyped, over-crowded and over-exaggerated, maybe I talked to the wrong folk, but for me this being my first visit, I found it very filling and delicious.I stuck to the signature breakfast and ordered the Macadamia Nut Sauce smothered pancakes. Although there is nothing special about the pancake itself - it's your basic Bisquick, Aunt Jamiama, shake-n-bake flap-jack - the sauce is truly the money maker. The sauce is like butter lovin' and a sugar rush straight to the place women think a man's heart is - his wallet. At 8 bucks for the plate, it's not a bad breakfast. The key is to order it with the Hawaiian sausage (+$5), and as I try to stay away from the inevitable sexual innuendo, there is no better way to say that Boots' & Kimo's Hawaiian Sausage tastes incredibly delicious in my mouth covered in their creamy white 'Mac' Nut sauce.My friend ordered the Pakalolo Omelet and all thought the waitress tried to be hilarious in reminding us that no Pakalolo comes in the omelet, for the price you pay for the omelet, you'd think some did. At nearly $12, I thought the omelet was missing some depth, it was essentially a thin egg crepe filled with raw tomatoes, bell peppers, onions and cheese - my friend liked it, but I felt that was something I could have done at home with a carton of egg-beaters and a crisper drawer. With a name like Pakalolo omelet, maybe some weed may have helped it out, or maybe they meant you needed to be stoned to truly enjoy it.The restaurant is pretty tiny, and they pack the people in. We were stuffed in a corner, luckily by a window, surrounded by Japanese tourists and a couple of white ladies from Wisconsin - I didn't know tourist came out to the Windward side, but maybe there is a bus that sends them out here. The location is decked out in Sports memorabilia, which is interesting, because I didn't get "sports" feel from the menu - but then again it, Boots and Kimo can do whatever they want with their restaurant. There was a wait. The good news though is that they told us that it would be an hour and a half wait for a table for two. We were cool with that since neither of us had been there, so we simply walked over to Starbucks to grab a coffee for the wait - by the time we came back from the ten minute trek we were seated within twenty minutes, so the wait was significantly shorter which made the visit more enjoyable. The staff was nice, even though they were obviously busy, and the service was ... satisfactory. It was not fast, but we didn't expect it to be.In summary, I definitely loved the sauce, but I think in my next visit will get something more complex and see how they do - I'm eyein' the eggs benedict. B&K deserves a second trip and it's a voyage I am willing to do for some good eats. My RECOMMENDATION: for the first time visitor, get the signature Mac-Nut Pancakes, but NOT the banana ones (they're signature for a reason). Go with a lot of time on your hands, because even though we only ate for 30 minutes getting inside and waiting for the food...etc... this was nearly a two to two and a half hour expedition. Total bill with Tip for two, $30 (two plates, side order of Hawaiian sausage and one orange juice + 20%).Only three stars because of the blah omelet and the $12 price tag that comes with it. Plus it is a bummer, this place is CASH ONLY.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2009,3/7/2010,144,174,1,6,7>You know how it is when a place is so embedded in your history that you don't really care that the food is just so-so? Well, that's kind of what Wailana Coffee Shop is for me, I just have so many memories of this place. Wailana has literally watched me grow up from when I was a rug rat to now as an adult.From tagging along with my Dad when he picked up my Mom from work in the evening and we'd stop in for a bite, I'd usually get a cheeseburger with fries which I always remember as good.  Back then I was small enough to hide under the tables so after I finished my burger, that's where I'd be hiding, under the table between my parents' feet . Then years later coming here with friends at 4am after a long night of club hopping and just laughing and munching til the sun started coming up. And now, coming here for breakfast on Sunday mornings, eating that super-rich muesli made with half & half and way too few macadamia nuts. The lines for breakfast are always long but we usually opt to sit at the counter to avoid them. Amazing that after all these years, the place still looks the same, and I'm glad it does.The menu is huge but most of the other dishes are just mediocre, the portions are pretty good though. Sometimes I'll get the Loco Moco, or the pancakes which can be a bit gummy depending on who's cooking. Yeah, the food here is pretty much just OK and most of the waitresses were probably working here when I was hiding under the table between my parents' feet, but it's these memories that will always keep me coming back.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,3/6/2010,487,140,6,8,7>ahhh, the power of Yelp. I've seen this place a dozen times on Yelp and finally decided to go in yesterday for lunch (Thanks Emi for sending out the "Cheap Eats" newsletter yesterday with this as a highlighted eat.). First impression: The place is really really clean. I ordered the steak roll with garlic. Please see pictures and other reviews for specifics on this plate, there's plenty of them. I thought it was delicious. I will def be back for this plate. Boyfy got the NY strip plate. His was solid too. No problems at all with parking (got there early and found a meter), service or the food. We did take out and drove to Ala Moana to have a beach picnic. Poor boyfy was under strict orders to not tilt the styrofoam containers on our way to the beach. I put extra Ponzu sauce and Sriracha and didn't want it leaking out of the box. Mission accomplished. Everything was intact and still piping hot by the time we arrived. Bravo Tae's! .........and for only $7 & $8 each plate!
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,3/5/2010,99,234,6,4,6>I'm going to commit the cardinal yelp sin and disagree with Emi on this place!  ...It's not just for 20-30 something women looking to be cute and get married----its totally for their husband-to-be too!!My wife and I spent more than a few hours going through their resources to find the best vendors, locations, and styles to include in our wedding (Aug '08).  The two locations are incredibly convenient (though I'm a purist and like the original, Manoa one the best) and the food and drinks are really quite good!  The staff is totally helpful and incredibly friendly and are very approachable when it comes to any help you need with ideas, contacts, vendor reviews, and whatnot.  Unfortunately, I can't say that I'll be going back for the wedding help (you know, the whole my-wife-is-THE-one thing) but I'd definitely go back for the food when I'm in the area:)
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,3/4/2010,135,212,5,9,7>I'll admit, after all of these years, I've NEVER been here for a show before. Only came here once to shoot pool and hang out with visiting friends for a regular weekend event. Not really sure why people hate this place so much cause it's not THAT bad a venue. Then again, I can actually see it being hit or miss here.My first time going to a "big" show in a while (mainly local bands at seedy dives if anything). Tonight's featured performer: touring solo artist Andrew Bird from Chicago. The line to get in was wrapped around the building. It's been a while since I had that feeling of eyes in line watching you and your friends stroll your way past. Hipsters, college preppies and all kinds made their way to the Pipe shindig this evening. It was great because I got to reconnect people I haven't seen in a while and got to network with those I've been needing to see. It was definitely the scene's night out. *Note* During events like this, usually, there are NO cameras allowed ! Though you have to love the fact that A LOT of people were using their phone to capture vids and stills during Bird's performance. The guys working the front had mercy and let us cut to the front after sending us back to the car to drop off our cameras. There were these young dudes trying to sneak in behind us but security told them to piss off. Hey, if you're there paying the general admissions fee, stand in line like the rest of us, gottit? Good. Not a very big place for a "big" show but I guess it'll have to do for now. As we moved our way to the stage, it started to get packed in. Many people partaking in the $7 24 oz can of Pabst, drinking and having a great time (me, I'm trying to stay off the sauce for right now and in the meantime, "GET OFF MY LAWN!"). I also remember looking up and wishing I was up in the VIP area, working under the media credentials I had a few years ago. The light dimmed, then out came Andrew Bird with this violin. First silhouetted, then front lit. The crowd cheered and on started the show! The sound was crisp and the lighting syncopated well with the performance. I was glad to see despite the merry and drunk mood everyone was in, how well behaved Honolulu was. By this I mean I've been to "big" shows here where people starteded mosh pit to techno. Yes, damn fricken' ignoramuses! This night reminded me of show venues I've been on the mainland, where people are mindful of others and don't push and shove to get to the front. There was of course the occasional annoying conversation or off-key vocalist trying to sing along next to me, but it wasn't too distracting. I was entranced by the performer in front of me. He had the stage presence of Jeff Buckley but with a voice similar to Pete Yorn and Thom York of Radiohead. This over the type of peppy, yet forlorn classical violin you hear on a Bjork album. It was beautiful. Andrew Bird, despite being K-solo was A-List phenomenal! See you at the Pipe for Mayer Hawthorne, come February 23rd. Can't wait!youtube.com/watch?v=pBKx…youtube.com/watch?v=xixU…4 StarsPipeline Cafe Honolulu
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,3/3/2010,95,75,7,13,6>I have lived in Hawaii a little over four years now. In all that time, though, I learned more about Hawaii and the other Polynesian islands in one day at PCC than the entire time I have been here. This place rocks! My Aussie people (miss you, Bec) were kind enough to purchase a ticket for me to come along with them and I am forever grateful. Wow...just wow. We had our own tour guide, which made navigating this enormous world of cultural enlightenment much easier. He was very kind and helpful. Always waiting for the entire group to come together before moving to the next area, answering as many questions as he could. There was alot of walking to be done so be sure to wear comfortable shoes. And if it starts to rain, don't worry. The guides come equipped with plastic panchos ready to hand out in the event of a rainstorm, so you can continue to enjoy yourself. Gosh, so much to learn, so much fun. From poi, to the emu, to how to start a fire with sticks, to music making, to hula vs Tahitian dancing (even I got out there a shook my butt a little), etc it was a great time. And of course, we cannot forget the food. Depending on the package you get, you have a choice of a luau-style dinner or an all-you-can-eat prime-rib buffet. Well, we had been to a luau already, so we agreed on the prime rib buffet and it did not disappoint. All-you-can-eat crablegs!? Yeah, I'm done. The buffet also has mac-nut crusted chicken, full salad bar, sushi, etc. All of which were very good. The highlight of the evening was the new live theater show; Ha, breath of life. Wow, wow, and wow. It is a story of the circle of life. I wont go into it much because YOU SHOULD GO AND SEE THIS! Ok, ok, i will say this. What those guys do with the fire...wow. LOL The best thing about the whole endeavour is that all proceeds go to paying for the education of the students of BYU's Hawaii campus. People who would normally not have a way to attend school, esp those from the other islands such as Tonga, Samoa, Fiji, etc get a chance to gain a college degree thanks to your support. And believe me, you will definitely get your money's worth here."S"
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2009,3/2/2010,32,630,5,4,7>I have also been coming here for years but haven't gone in a LONG while so my family and I decided to go here for after church dinner since Max's line was SUPER DE DUPER LONG! anyway, kinda good that it was because the food is as good as I remember.  When we arrived there were only 2 other tables before us.  but more people started coming in after we got our food and those people were mexican so you know its good.  The waitress, as mentioned by Tess is the same and she really grew up from when i remembered her.  Also, they are skimpy on the chips because our basket only had like 10-15 chips but o wells. As for the food I ordered the two taco plate with al pastor for my meat (its a dry rubbed grilled pork) and it was delish.  My mom also got the two taco plate but with ground pork, my sister got the chicken enchiladas with red sauce, and my dad got the menudo soup (hominy and tripe soup) with an order of corn tortillas.  Overall everyone really enjoyed their dish although it took FOREVER to come but at least we were occupied by the spanish movie that was playing on the tv mentioned by Tesse E.  Everyone was really into that movie but i guess since there's nothing else to do might as well watch right.  As for dessert we wanted to order the fried ice cream but the waitress said that it wasnt cold enough to fry and we were disappointed because this place was the first place that introduced me to my love affair with fried ice cream so hopefully next time and oh yes there will be a next time since i want to try their chicken mole.  Our total was $46 something so not bad i guess, around $10+ for each plate.  Overall this place is true to its name because it is a place run by "La Familia"
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,3/1/2010,276,389,2,7,3>I have to be honest: the only reason why I ate here was because I showed up at To Chau at 2:32pm, two minutes after closing time.The sign also says "Pho Kim Ha" and something in Chinese.However, I was more than satisfied with the food here. The Vietnamese food here was more than comparable to a place in Little Saigon, Orange County, California.I especially recommend the "Bun Bo Hue." It's a spicy Vietnamese noodle soup from the central region of Hue in Vietnam. It's very delicious and pretty rare here in Hawaii.My friend had the crispy noodle dish. It had a very good brown sauce with mushrooms and beef. It was very good as well. I could not find parking on River St. heading makai so I ended up parking at the structure on Maunakea between Hotel and King. There's a green sign on the right that says "Chinatown Downtown Parking."
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,2/28/2010,252,339,6,6,3>Screw it. Despite the ever-rising prices and the fact that they take a while to get your food to you, this place deserves five stars. BEST GREEK FOOD EVER. OK, so I haven't been to Greece . . . but I challenge you to find a better babaghanoush. You won't. It just isn't possible.Plus, I hadn't been here in forever (last time I tried to go, they were closed for deep cleaning), and the guy still remember who I was. I'm fairly convinced that said guy has worked here forever because he gets free food. Heck, the prospect of free Olive Tree makes ME consider that second job.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,2/27/2010,430,319,13,17,14>I was gonna write about Uncle Clay for my 300th review but I goofed so I'll give you #301 Uncle Clay.Go check out Doe Fang. An unbelievable ICEE experience. Now that Taco Bell drive through in Hawaii Kai no longer serves ICEE, there are only 2 other places to get ICEE on the east side, at Koko Marina Movie Theater or from Uncle Clay. He'll hold you hostage till another customer comes along. Either you're a fan or not, there's no in between. If you're not a fan, you can go to Carousel Candyland in Kahala Mall or to the Kaimuki Crack Seed store.  His store has been recently remodled and he doesn't sell much of the collectibles, videos, chinatown crap that he use to.  I like the new store, very clean and easy to find what you need. Although this video is in Japanese, it speaks volumes more than what I could ever write.youtube.com/watch?v=XXpH…she's adorable.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,2/26/2010,731,1118,2,8,3>On a recent dinner outing, my cousin decided we should eat at Taormina in Waikiki, which brought sheer delight to me since I have heard so many good things about it. The reviews I had heard didn't fail and I was very impressed with the entire dining experience.We started with the seafood bruschetta and the prosciutto wrapped melon balls. Both were bites of sheer heaven. The bruschetta featured prawns and scallops that were perfectly chopped and cooked in a great creamy white wine sauce. It had the perfect blend of seafood and sun dried tomatoes which was a very pleasant surprise. The prosciutto wrapped melon balls were served with a very nice mozarella cheese and a very flavorful olive oil. A few of us also started with the Sicilian style salad with the blood orange vinaigrette which was a little lackluster and the one low point in the menu for me. It was almost a little too simple with poorly chopped lettuce and tossed in a vinaigrette that was full of blood orange but not enough flavorings to complement it.We all dined on pasta that night. The Spaghetti Bolognese which sounds simple featured a very flavorful meat sauce that was light but still a great blend of ground beef and other spices. The Fresh Clam Vongole was full of a rich clam flavor with the gentle flavor of garlic and white wine to complement. The lobster Pescatore (i'm sure that's not what it's called as I write this) which was on special was sheer heaven. No Seriously...sheer heaven. It featured a very rich lobster taste complemented with clams in a very flavorful red sauce. It was a perfect symphony of flavors over freshly made spaghetti noodles.For dessert we dined on the Gelato Con Espresso and the Campari Orange Jelly with lychee sorbet. Both were interesting. The gelato wasn't a true espresso gelato that we were expecting, rather a vanilla bean gelato with a cooled shot of espresso pored over it. It was good but nothing wow. The Orange Jelly was very good and rich in flavors. The lychee complemented the orange jelly nicely and the sauce poured over with bits of champagne flavor was a nice added touch.The service was spot on. Our waitress knew the wine menu and made a very fantastic selection for our table. The dishes were delivered in a perfect orchestration and we were well attended too.The ambiance is a modern contemporary design and features tables indoors and outdoor on the terrace which would be nice on a beautiful evening. It's location is right across the way from the Waikiki Beach Walk. Parking can be a bit tricky as I learned the hard way, but spring for the valet and park at the Wyndham and you can get it validated.Very good over all and at reasonable prices (although the wine list was a bit pricey) and with great service will make me come back here for more.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2010,2/25/2010,35,896,7,9,7>GO Niners! Unlike my favorite football team, FNR delivers championship caliber local comfort food. I've always wanted to go here, but the location coupled with wrong timing and the fact that the parking lot consist of maybe four stalls, always prevented us from stopping. Today that drought ended!It's reputation as a good hamburger place precedes it, so I had to order something with hamburgers. Seeing it was breakfast, I chose a tasty loco moco and fruit punch for breakfast. It all cost me under $8 sans tip (but I left a $2 tip because I was feeling really good about coming out of there, more on that below). The burger itself was nice and moist. Add the excellent gravy, rice, and an egg on top my bowl and it was very good.The restaurant exudes a small diner feel. I met and chatted a bit with a regular aunty who always comes in on Fridays to get her special meal. No order taking for her, they know what she wants and it was complicated. They seem to have fixed her up perfectly though. See, I sat at their counter area. It seems like it's the more social place to be with all the regulars chatting it up and they included me, which made me feel right at home. They also have a regular dining area. The counter and dining area are not connected and have a separate entrance for each side. The decor is definitely diner-ish and gives you that old time Hawaii feel with the old painted concrete floors. It is a bit loud there because it sits at the crossroads of Kamehameha Highway, but I think that adds to the charm of a diner like this. I have to say I thoroughly enjoyed my visit here.Unfortunately, unless you bring grandpa and his handicap placard, parking may be an issue. I got lucky this day, but it really is four stalls and a handicap parking space. Additionally, it's all located right next to the busy side street off of Kam Hwy. So you will have to be careful backing out. Other than that, I will definitely be going back!
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/6/2009,2/23/2010,183,197,6,10,4>My friend and I ended up here, due to The Little Oven being closed (that shouldn't surprise anyone really) After checking out the pictures on their site, and my friend mentioning how great their food & desserts were, it seem like the right choice.Oh btw, you order your food at the counter, sit down, they bring you your food, and you pay at the end of your meal. Just a side note.Pros:- Parking is easy, right in the back. With an entrance from the back (as well as from the front off of Waialai)- The atmosphere is nice, cute, and comfortable.- The service was good. (we went around 8:30PM) the 2 young girls were nice and cheery.- We heart their coffee. I enjoyed my iced Thai coffee very much and is one of the 2 reasons for me going back. The other, is to try something better, which brings me into cons.Cons:- My poor friend raved about their desserts and ended up getting the Tiramisu and coffee.  She enjoyed her coffee, but after taking two bites of her Tiramisu she was disappointed. The second bit was because she couldn't believe her taste buds the first time around.  Confused by the whole thing , she made me try it. Why have someone try something bad? It's like smelling something bad, and then telling someone "smell this, it's nasty". After eating there many times in the past, and enjoying everything she's ever gotten she just couldn't believe it was....THAT *points at Tiramisu*. I am not a Tiramisu person at all, but I do know it should have a espresso taste to it....it had nothing. Just cream (is that the mascarpone part?). Okay, maybe a very small small hint of it. She mentioned that her 5.00 slice seem like the whole cake itself should have cost 5 bucks.As for my Banana Oreo Cake (their signature dish), it was okay. I mean, can you really go wrong with bananas? Okay, they did seem a bit mushy and brown-ish, but it was close to closing time, so I won't hate on that. I plan to go back though, to try their meals/salads, and get another coffee. But I am sorry Cafe Laufer, your desserts and I don't get along, and  I think you're now not on speaking terms with my friend. I will try to talk to her about it, but...well, *sigh* she's over you....oh, but you might be able to lure her back with your yummy coffee.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2009,2/22/2010,440,533,7,14,12>I went back yet again this weekend and they've added more toppings for the shaved ice, which is just what I was hoping for. I had the ai-yu jelly and soft, sweet peanut soup (I've never seen this in Hawaii!) in addition to my taro and tapioca ball toppings and I was really happy! They also added oatmeal as a topping. For those of you who are not familiar with Taiwanese desserts, the sweet peanut soup is a real treat! Whole, unroasted peanuts are simmered with water and brown sugar until they are soft and tender. It smells and tastes delicious. In Taiwan, they often serve it with fresh, warm, soft tofu and it is my favorite combination for breakfast!Ai yu jelly is made from the seeds of a fig-like plant. It's really cool. You put the little seeds in a cheesecloth bag, submerge it in water, and gently massage it. The water will turn to a soft jelly which you then let set in the refrigerator. The jelly is usually served as a refreshing dessert with honey or brown sugar syrup and a squeeze of lemon. It's jello for vegetarians! It's better than jello! City Cafe's ai yu jelly is slightly sweetened with a hint of white sugar. I'm used to having my ai yu with honey and lemon, so I think I'll pass on this in the future. But Serena said that they are experimenting with adding different new toppings, so hopefully we'll see exciting new offerings again soon. And that just gives me more excuses to keep visiting City Cafe!
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2009,2/21/2010,12,179,3,5,4>First & foremost, this place just confirmed how lucky I am to live in Hawaii. On a beautiful day in March at 6:00pm, I'm so grateful to enjoy such a gorgeous view of Waikiki Beach wearing a tank top & sandals.  How awesome is that not to wear a coat, scarf, gloves & boots???  FOOD: You must not leave this place without trying Jasmine smoked Ahi pastrami.  The flavors of the smoked Ahi, mushrooms from Lihue, baby Japanese-spinach & sprinkles of tiny prosciutto (like a fresh version of Bacon Bits) meshed sooo well in my mouth, I just wanted to gargle the food in my mouth forever!  WINE: The wine list is quite delicious & of great-value, too.  All wines are 1/2 off, which just means, you can dink more for less!!!  SERVICE: 5, I mean 10 stars!!!  Our server (young bald headed guy) was sooo friendly & attentive.   Of course, I'm sure my table had an advantage since we were all locals.  Our server gave his honest opinions & recommendations as to which food & wine to select & which ones were not.  He even gave our table ample-sized portions of our wines to taste.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,2/20/2010,676,463,3,7,4>i gave the other location five stars, this one only four...for now..it sucks that this place doesn't serve pasta but the paninis are just as good.  for a bigger location, it's pretty cramped inside and it can get pretty hectic during the lunch rush.  ordered the steak sandwich since it was the only one that seemed appealing by the time i got there.  i missed out on the grilled veggies on my salad, probably because i came in on a later time..boo!  meal was good overall :)the one thing that doesn't give this location five stars is the service.  maybe it was just me but the employees were just a wee bit...nonchalant??  haha, idk how else to describe it.  i will definitely come back because the food is awesome but i really hope some fine tuning will be done.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,2/19/2010,169,446,7,9,8>So it's not the most perfectly cooked meal, but man, did this lunch make me so so happy.  Hence the 5 stars.  I grabbed the catch of the day special for $8.95 which on my particular visit was opah.  It was served seared with the most ridiculously delicious curry aioli.  The fish had a nice brown finish to the outside and it was actually slightly overcooked, which I didn't mind at all.  It was a pretty nice sized piece of fish, at least two deck of cards big.  It was served with some white rice (little dry) and then choice of green or mac salad. Although not a big mac salad fan, I decided to go for it, and it was a wise choice (well maybe not for my waistline) as it was easily one of the best mac salads that I've ever had.  I also tried their beef stew ($4.95) which was also really solid, but it's the fish that's the star. I wish that it was on their regular menu so that I could be sure to have it anytime that I want.  At the same time, I'm excited to try anther of their specials.The place is really clean with a lot of outdoor seating right by the pier so it's also pretty.  One of the best places for lunch in Honolulu, as evidenced by the local crowd.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,2/18/2010,65,50,8,10,7>I thought I'd start my return on Yelp with a place I absolutely, positively LOVE.  Hands down, this is the BEST Ninja Sushi you'll ever encounter.  All, right so I might be just a little biased since I am a regular and get VIP treatment (hehe), but even if I wasn't, I'd love them no less.While I was pregnant, I came every Saturday after I finished work.  Same order, same time.  A Spicy Ahi Donburi for the bf, and a Tempura Maki (shrimp tempura, imitation crab, and cucumber) with unagi sauce on the side for myself, sometimes a Kal-bi Handroll.  Two times, and I became a regular.When I could eat raw fish frequently again, my sister told me to get the Tiger Maki, which is the Tempura Maki, with their spicy ahi on the top.  I met a friend for lunch here recently, and she got the Superman, which is currently my favorite.  A spicy ahi roll, topped with fresh ahi, potato crispies, green onion, and unagi sauce... SO good!  And how can you not love something named Superman?!  You know it's gotta be awesome!  You could probably point to anything on the menu and it will be totemo oishii desu (very delicious).I normally don't get nigiri here, but the three pieces you get will definitely be loaded.  The picture of the garlic salmon was calling me, and it's like Genki's Onion Salmon (one of my faves), but with a garlic and unagi sauce.  (Note:  Unagi sauce is quite prevalent in many of their items, so if you don't like it, just ask for none!)  My bf's sister turned me onto the Ebi Tempura Nigiri, fried shrimp tempura topped with unagi sauce (see, told you), wrapped with a thin piece of nori.  I'm also a fan of their Ahi Poke, made to order and NO limu!  (Blech, I hate limu!)With an extensive menu featuring Nigiri, Temaki, Donburi, Makizushi, Udon, Salad, and Combination Bento, you're sure to find something to please even the pickiest eater.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,2/17/2010,165,267,7,7,6>Five stars, all the way!I want to simply say EVERYTHING was delicious!!! I hate to be so general about my descriptions, but why waste time and energy beating around the bush? My mouth and belly were SO happy!All the meat was moist, tender, very well seasoned. Kalua pig had just enough of a smoky flavor, laulau was cooked to perfection. Poke was very good quality, and the sauce it was dressed in was just right. It didn't overwhelm the fish, it served as a beautiful complement. Chicken long rice was yummy, with just enough ginger. I loved the pork adobo!Mango haupia was amazing! Just creamy enough with a punch of mango flavor. Reminds me of Bubbie's mango ice cream (which is seasonal!). Regular haupia was nice, but didn't shake me up as much as the mango one did.Prices are reasonable, quality is great!All plates came with haupia, li hing pineapple, starfruit, raw onion.I love you guys, I'll be back... ^_^
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,2/16/2010,295,401,23,32,25>Two words: HAPPY HOUR! I came here for my bday dinner to enjoy some Japanese grilling with all the fixings. Gyu-kaku offers an incredible happy hour including beef, rice, noodles, pupus, beer and cocktails. I'm talking 50% off the regular price! Happy Hours: Monday- Friday 5-6:30PM and 9:30-closing Saturday-Sunday 3:30-6:30PM and 9:30-closing Here are some of the dishes I ordered that did not require cooking on the tabletop grill: Edamame $1.50 - you can't mess these up! Garlic noodles $4 - okay, hard udon noodles but slightly greasy Bibimbap $4 - this was my favorite! The server mixed it up in front of you. Nice crispy rice chunks with veggies and small pieces of meat from the scolding hot black iron cast pot. You gotta work for your food here. Listed are the meats I grilled: Rosu $2.95 (beef ribeye) - good and lean. I selected 1. miso, 2. garlic and 3. tare sweet soy marinates. The miso was the most flavorful while the tare had the least. Chuck Kalbi $2.95 - Also tasty with a bit more fat. I ordered the garlic marinate which had garlic paste on top! Yummm! Shrimp Garlic $3.75 - Five good sized shrimp with the same marinate and garlic paste. Make room for dessert! I ordered their specialty dessert: Dorayaki ($5.95) which came with four Japanese style pancakes which you grill on your tabletop and eat with the most delectable vanilla ice cream and Japanese maple syrup. The pancakes were already made but grilling them gave it a light crunch which enhanced the texture. Unbelievable! On the table, they had three dipping sauces of tare, miso and ponzu (lemon/shoyu) so you can dip your grilled meats and vegetables. As for the portions, they were slightly small but it gave me an opportunity to try different cuts of meats and marinates. The good thing is you don't come out of here afterwards smelling like an AYCE Korean BBQ love fest. By the time I wrapped up at 6PM, the place was packed with tons of people taking advantage of the specials. Heck, that's the way to roll now in days! Richard our server was very friendly and made sure everything was to my satisfaction. You can make reservations to save your seat for Happy Hour. They validate the parking for free and accept credit cards. If they keep up these specials, I'll make sure to come back!
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,2/15/2010,226,303,,5,4>I heart Hanamaru!  We walked in with no reservations, but they sat us right away.  We ordered...Bottle of Iichiko ($35) and Oolong tea ($3)  If you don't finish the bottle, you can write your name on it and drink it when you return.  I live in the area so that shouldn't be a problem.  Sushi Duo - Perfect for a couple.  It comes with two nigiri pieces each of salmon, maguro, hamachi, and ebi.  It also has two small maki rolls that come with it.  The fish is so fresh!  It literally melts in your mouth.  Deep Fried Cheese Mochi - This was one of my favorite dishes tonight.  Two choice combo dinner with butterfish and tempura - The butterfish was okay.  They could have marinated it a little longer to lock some flavor in.  This was my least favorite dish.  The tempura was yummy with a nice light batter.Vanilla ice cream with green tea sauce - Nuff said.  Will I return?  HELL YEAH!!!  I forgot to mention that our food came out in less than 10 minutes.  We were there around 6pm so it wasn't during off peak hours or anything.  The server was friendly and helpful and the food was delicious.  The bill came out to $98, but with $35 of it coming from the alcohol, it was actually a good deal.  We left happy and completely satisfied.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,2/14/2010,27,70,5,3,4>I came here for my birthday dinner last week. It's still good. However, my date was a little disappointed. We had the raw oysters, ahi sashimi, and cheese bread...those were fine. He ordered the rib eye and I got the filet and lobster combo with garlic mashed potatoes. I thought it was all very delicious but my date said the lobster and rib eye portions were not as big as the last time we came. I really didn't notice. I told him his expectations were too high and he had been over-excited in coming back to eat here. They also gave us a complimentary birthday cheesecake (average) and had a photo of us printed out. They did screw up one thing: they forgot our order of creamed spinach. We didn't say anything until the check came and asked them to take it off the bill. I would go back as I thought the food and service were still excellent. My date said he wouldn't. Too bad for him...I'll just have to find someone else to take me!
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,2/13/2010,97,68,4,5,4>I've discovered something even better now for this place! Their coffee! Coworker and I hit this place every morning for their coffee! Sorry Starbucks, boycotting you from now on! This is the only place that I will drink my coffee black. The coffee changes daily and I haven't had one that I didn't like yet. Absolute favorite has to be the Kona Peaberry. The coffee is fragrant and goes down smooth, none of that gross sour aftertaste that I get when drinking Starbucks coffee black. The closest in taste to match the coffee here were the little cafes in Italy. Pricewise is great. A grande coffee of the day runs less than $2. They also give a coffee card - buy 9, get one free. And they give you the most expensive coffee as the free one, not the cheapest! Awesome!
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,2/12/2010,42,33,3,5,4>I. Love. Duck. No, seriously. I love eating duck. Especially roast duck or some sort of chinese cooked style of duck. Which made Duck Lee really intruiging to me seeing that there's not a lot of good duck places that don't require you to go to Chinatown. But first some background information: I first heard of Duck Lee on Yelp and the first time me and my roommate went to search for it we google mapped the address and even though the map told us to go to the address it was not the place that Duck Lee was at, we ended up in some sort of alley near some apartments. Eventually, after deciding to call the place up and finding the real address to the restaurant i ordered from their roast duck, roast pork, and char siu with fried rice. The roast duck was really good and the sauce that comes with it compliments it well, the char siu was ok though, not my favorite, but what stood out was the roast pork. Very crunchy! i would say if it's your first time try the roast pork and duck. The fried rice was good too.So if you're looking for a nice place for duck and don't plan on heading downtown try Duck Lee on Kapiolani, near the Fun Factory in Market City(not the alley).
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2009,2/11/2010,419,552,2,7,5>Celebrated my birthday here last night.  Still dizzy from the experience (and that's not the wine talking).  Notified upon arrival that we were upgraded to cabana seating for no charge (otherwise be prepared to drop $5K).  Shocked, we relished in the beach side ambiance with anticipation of things to come.  Our server welcomed us warmly and dazzled us with the menu's highlights and offered recommendations.  We started with the Sake Manila Clams in a scrumptious broth worth soaking your bread.  We were a party of four and between us we had two fish dishes and two meat dishes: Ginger Steamed Opakapaka; Simply High-Heat Roasted Onaga; Grilled Mountain Meadow Lamb Chops; and USDA Prime Rib eye Steak.  EVERYTHING was amazing!  Tastefully presented, ample portions and the flavors were uncomplicated and balanced.  For dessert we had the north shore pineapple cake & "the royal hawaiian banana split" with a Tattinger Rose sparkling wine:  Simply delectable.  To top the night, they ended up comping my dinner ($39 Onaga) and the two bottle corkage (*Tip: Always offer your server a taste of the wine you bring).  A heavenly treat to end a perfect birthday dinning experience.  Thanks to local boy Mike (the manager) and his efficient staff.  Huge mahalo to you guys!  Support local and spread the word!  royal-hawaiian.com/resor…
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,2/10/2010,221,283,3,3,3>food is good.lady at the front is nice, but outspoken. as far as the food goes, i am happy. i found the chicken a little dry, but i know many people who rave about it being delicious. the brisket was tender, but not very flavorful. i go there for the ribs. incredibly tender, incredibly flavorful. i love them. i also enjoyed the sauce, which comes on the side.i have heard from a friend that the ribs were really smokey when he ate there, but on the same day my friend complained about smokiness, two more friends who ate from the same order said they couldn't taste what he was talking about.. i eat here pretty often and have never found that to be the case.  i am left to assume some people are just sensitive to that flavor.the ribs and the sauce are my favorite, the sides are limited.the scalloped potatoes are okay. i wish they had more flavor and a better texture. the beans are okay, but my mom who is a baked bean aficionado claims they are yummy. the service is good. the lady at the front is a little outspoken, but always nice. i have to assume the people who take offense to her are just sensitive or she somehow happened to say the EXACT thing that would piss them off.i mean, i can see how hanging out with her for hours might be a little much, but i think people need to learn to be more patient. she's doing what she loves and being herself...is that so wrong?anyway, the dining is upstairs. it can get hot up there. if you don't get a drink you can run out of water and have to climb back down. she'll usually come visit you if the day is slow.again: good food- SPECTACULAR ribs, and good service.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,2/9/2010,58,57,11,12,8>Oh la la ! I love the hot servers here, and the food is delicious too. Great Service -seriously, even though the men here are hotter than the weather outside  they surely know how to make women happy. I go back there just to check out the servers and of course the menu.This is a quaint-little place, a reminder of mom and pops eatery which are gradually disappearing with the existence of corporate chains! We need more places like this -always. Thank you for being here in Kaimuki. The owner -local woman- is very nice, she makes you feel like a family. I came here when she had just opened the cafe , a couple of years ago and fell in love with the food. At first, they were still trying to put things together and food wasn't as great but I knew they could do it!!!  They are very popular amongst Kaimuki residents, and others, so the lines are long and the food might take some time- but I swear -it's worth the wait. GOOD food -especially, home made quality, takes time! Please keep that in mind. If you want a fast food-faster churn and burn kine place please go to the nearest McDonald-up in Waialae Ave.The decor is simple and very welcoming.  FOOD: So delicious. The Belgian Waffles with Strawberries on top and whip cream is like waking up in a land of wonderful puffy clouds and feeling like a princess. The breakfast combo -just the right quality and quantity for those who deserve a good meal after a long night of partying and waking up with a hangover! The breakfast bagel lox- simply the best. What I love about their brunch is that it's a lot of local -organic products and very affordable. The food is 5 star quality, better than most places, yet the prices won't make you cry.Cafe: they have a full espresso bar, order up! They are only open till 2pm, I think. This is a great place to take family,friends, out of town visitors, first dates, exes, whoever! Food is definitely worth the 45 mins wait! I kid you not. I love this place. And the servers.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,2/8/2010,226,141,3,5,4>I thought I'd add my review since we go here for dinner..(gasp!!) did you even know they served dinner? Well, although Orchids is the stepchild to the much more famous LeMer, don't let that deter you from a spectacular evening. On our last visit, despite the fantastic fish menu, we are craving RED MEAT. So J (the brave, the bold, the husband) and I make a deal: we'll both order red meat and get a big ole' red wine to boot. He has veal and I have rack of lamb, and we start with foie gras. And we have Justin Isoceles, which neither of us have had in far too long. The service is friendly and prompt.Our table faces the water, but is against the planter with flowering orchids, their gentle vanilla scent just soothes my feathers even further.I can't wait to go back, and I already know what I am having for dinner when I do: Kumamoto Oysters (to start) and seared Moi. I don't know what wine we will have...I haven't memorized the wine list...yet.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2009,2/7/2010,94,245,8,12,8>Masa really let us have it the last time we came here.  It was a friend's birthday, and we suggested Masa's.  He set us up with an real rocking omakase that really impressed us all: still the best I've had in Hawaii.  He served all with a selection of four different Soy Sauces, of his own creation: Honey Lime, Honey Ginger, Bonito, and Garlic.  The Wasabi is the best I've had in Hawaii (hell anywhere): I wonder if it is fresh off the root.Rose of Maguro sashimi (for my friend's birthday)Fried Baby Tako (tasty with the ponzu sauce)Fatty Otoro (fat cuts of tuna that could wrap over the roll two times)Fatty Hamachi (same sized fat cuts of yellowtail as the Otoro)Uni (Sea urchin)Hamachi Rib (delicious especially when you eat the skin/fat areas)Abalone (three different cuts of the abalone)Tottsuru (abalone enrails in sake)Akule roll (Masa called it a Japanese talapia)Anago (buttery sea eel)Ama Ebi temaki (sweet shrimp handroll)The meal did cost us a pretty penny, but it should be expected with the incredibly fresh cuts.  Every time I come to Masa, it keeps getting better and better.  I would have to say that the Anago, Akule, and Hamachi Ribs were my favorite.  I loved the Tottusru broth too.  Masa serves up a spectacular omakase; especially you give him free range to do so.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,2/6/2010,478,91,8,9,9>==================================================­======RJR - Issue # 69 - NOTHING WRONG WITH FRENCHING ONO EDITION==================================================­======"The Return of RJR to Yelp World."A block from my Glass Shack of a home - this little place is situated in the middle of Honolulu's Chinatown/Downtown nightlife.  And Brasserie Du Vin is a wine bar that happens to serve lunch & dinner.  Across from the Hawaii Theater, this long narrow restaurant offers excellent dinner date settings which boasts a Salon, an open courtyard/patio, and a Cask Room. So ono da grindz... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Oven-baked New Zealand Oysters served Au Gratin with Bell Pepper and Roasted Garlic Aioli, Topped with Melted Goudastatic.px.yelp.com/bphot…Salad of Marinated Artichokes, Bell Peppers, Olives and Salamistatic.px.yelp.com/bphot…"Dinner Special" - Roasted Quail stuffed with Corn Bread and Andouille Sausage served with Watercress and a Maple-Mushroom Sherry Reductionstatic.px.yelp.com/bphot…~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ This little place has become of a favorite spot - being only half block from my home, so of course - Oui! Oui!  They'll have my business again, and again...and again..."Here's to 69 with a lil wine!"TAKE NOTE:- Chef's Daily Specials are offered- Wine Club - Presented every Tuesday by local wine distributors and Brasserie Du Vin- Come in between 4 and 6 pm and enjoy the most popular dishes off their menu for half off! And live music starts at 7 pm. Never a cover.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2009,2/5/2010,75,169,1,26,11>WOW....Did this meeting with Lan Vo change the way I saw the world and the Universe. She told me names of people I knew and even professions, and facial features and appearances when she was adressing issues in my life. She even told me who I was going to marry, what he looked like, what he did for a living and also warned me of my mother's health.  ( all came true) She said something about a cyst on my mother's kidney  a year ago and 2 months ago my mom went in for a health check/MRI and the Dr's told her she had a cyst on her kidney and might need surgery! She knew specific information to validate herself. I didn't believe in this phenomenon before but now I'm a believer and boy does it feel great to know that God is here with us and watching us! Since then I have been back a few more times.. If you get in early in the morning she probably will be more accurate than later in the afternoon. I always show up at her house at 6:30-7am for a walk-in. Just bring a book and something to drink or eat and you will be all set. I wish she would charge less because the $100 is just a bit much for me. Still, I highly recommend seeing her as you will have proof that it is possible to tap into the "movies" of our past, present and future and that somehow our life experiences have been "archived" and is accessible to a few special people like her. Lan Vo is like a radio... she can tune into this infinate "archive" and sometimes she gets great reception, sometimes she gets a little static... definately a worthwhile life experience and I am honored to have met her. So far I have spoken to about a dozen people who also have had reading with her and have collected some amazing stories about their experience with Lan Vo. When I went to Tiffany's in Waikiki with my fiance we met a sales lady there who also happened to meet Lan Vo. Lan told her that she would sell Diamonds and jewlery someday and the sales lady responded " I have an MBA.. Why would I ever want to sell Jewlery!!! She thought Lan way way off... Here is she several years later working at Tiffany's! She had completely forgotten what Lan had said but in the end it came true.  Another good friend went to see her and she told him that he lives off Ala Wai! He was like.. hey! How did you know where I live? She told another friend of all the tatoos on her body and where they were and what they looked like when they were covered.Another good friend we'll call him Chris went to see her and I got to sit-in with him during his reading. She started talking about how he has 2 jobs. ( he really does) 1 for the government/social services, and 1 playing the guitar at night doing gigs. She said she can hear the music and she started to impersonate his music which was right on. She also saw his injuries from his recent motorcycle accident and described exactly where the pain was and said he was very lucky he didn't die. That Angels were around during his accident that saved him. He was blown away to say the least...... Anyways I can go on and on about the stories i've heard about her and it's great to know that they are all real and that I know from experience.Word of advice:Psychics are not perfect, so it's just up to you to live your life the way you want it and don't let what they say get to you. You still hold the reigns to your own life.   It's so awesome to know that everything we do and say and think is being recorded! There is justice and God is watching us.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,2/4/2010,54,322,,3,4>Very good Hawaiian food. My Hawaiian friends say that Helena's offers the best Hawaiian grindz. I'm not 100% on that assertion but I do enjoy the food. A bit pricey for the portion size.A small parking lot, so arrive here early.Parking can get a bit tricky. You may have to cruise around the nearby neighborhoods for a while to find a spot. Loved the pipikaula ribs and lau lau. I normally don't care for squid luau but it is delicious here. A really down to earth restaurant. Another gem reminiscent of Magnum P.I. days. After enjoying the lau lau, go down the road to Liliha Bakery and have a cocoa puff. Helena's and cocoa puffs ... ahh... a wonderful way to spend the afternoon!
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,2/3/2010,52,96,,4,4>I've been going to eat in the area for years (Kunio, Genki, etc.) but have never walked in Jurison's until now.  Imagine my surprise.The menu looks like any typical local plate lunch joint at first glance.  But closer inspection shows something different... lau lau, fried ahi (think battered ahi block deep fried and then sliced, black and blue style), pork adobo, hibachi tofu... No, this is not a typical place afterall.We ordered the hibachi tofu / teri chicken combo and the chicken katsu.  The hibachi tofu was excellent.  Tofu is not easy to do quickly so you can tell this was well prepped.  The outside is crunchy even when covered in sauce.  The inside was hot and not watery.  The sauce was tasty but not overpowering.  The teri chicken was well marinated.  It doesn't actually needs any sauce.  Again, very tasty.  The chicken katsu was also well done.  Crunchy on the outside but not at all greasy.We got a green salad with one plate and the mac salad with the other.  The green salad was a nice mixed green (not just lettuce).  The mac salad actually has potato, making it nice and creamy without using an excess amount of mayo.If I have to find something to complain about, I think the teri chicken was actually marinated a bit too long.  It was starting to feel a bit hard on the plastic knife.  I can imagine it being perfect around lunch time (we went for dinner).  Also, there isn't enough rice for big eater.This is definately worth repeating visit.  I couldn't believe we haven't tried it all these years.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,2/2/2010,473,75,5,11,6>I love Bikram yoga. The people here are very nice and friendly.I like to go whenever I'm stressed out. It really makes me calm and relaxed. I like being in the sauna and sweating away all the bad toxins. You get a really nice glow on your face after too.Also the best part is I'm way more flexible, stronger and I grew taller!! I used to be 5'6 1/4 " .. and now I am 5'7"!!  amazing... so if you want to grow taller this is your chance!! =Pone tip: drink lots of water before and after class!
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,1/31/2010,391,466,4,7,4>THE COCOA PUFFS ARE THE BOMB! I love their pastries. If you are craving anything sweet go to Liliha Bakery.  My parents love the scones. When you get there, most of the time you need to wait in the line by taking a number. That's telling you that the place is good!The restaurant is awesome. We hit the restaurant and I had a burger and potato salad and my fiance had the pancakes and a cheeseburger after a late concert. Pretty awesome place to satisfy your late night munchies! Who cares if all they have is one counter to sit on. Waaay worth it especially when they cook in front of you.
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2009,1/30/2010,451,160,,14,4>Family visiting from the mainland? Want to treat them to a PERFECT afternoon? Head to Waimea Valley.This stunningly picturesque botanical garden is almost too beautiful to be believed. The trail is very easy - so it's perfect for all ages. You can either walk through the gardens on your own, or take one of the guided walking tours on offer. Either way, you'll love the amazing native and non-native plants, trees and flowers - and most days, you'll also be able to see traditional Hawaiian crafts demonstrations like basket weaving and lei making. The Valley is steeped in Hawaiian tradition, culture and folklore - once called the Valley of Priests, the descendants of high priests lived here until the late 1800s. Volunteers recently restored the Hale O Lono, a heiau dedicated to the god of agriculture, fertility, peace and music. Keep your eyes peeled for Waimea Valley's peacocks. They roam the grounds freely and when we were there we saw several male peacocks, and even a female with 4 little chicks. One of the Waimea Valley staff members told us that these beautiful birds were the favorite of Hawaii's Crown Princess Ka'iulani. It is said that when she died at age 23, the peacocks screamed in mourning. If you think you hear small children being tortured, don't worry, it's probably just the peacocks. They are LOUD!Be sure to take a dip in the waterfall at the end of the trail - the lifeguards there have (free) kickboards and body boards to paddle around on.Hungry? Head to the Waimea Valley Grill. My family ordered an Acai Berry Bowl, the kalua pork sandwich, the fresh mahi mahi sandwich and the hot dog. All were finger lickin' good. There's a nice gift shop on site as well - jewelry, wood carvings, books, artwork and other keepsakes. The staff at Waimea Valley is super friendly and love to talk story...so feel free to ask lots of questions! Admission costs $10 for adults, $5 for kids 12 and under. Kama`aina tickets are $6 for adults and $3 for kids. They offer military discounts, too. Parking is free.
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,1/29/2010,182,292,2,3,2>I think this place is definitely underrated. It's an easy restaurant to dismiss, after all, it's wedged between some huge Mexican restaurant and Denny's.  But when you're on your way to Denny's next time, think about the diarrhea you'll get from their food later, and maybe you should stop at Verbano's instead.This is probably my favorite affordable Italian restaurant in the area. They have a good sized menu selection and their dishes (like the steak fromage, which is my favorite) are consistently good each time. The restaurant itself is pretty small, so it feels like an intimate (and yet casual) place for dinner. Perfect for a non-expensive date or just a lowkey dinner with friends.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,1/28/2010,272,312,2,12,10>I love these small, hole in the wall, family owned shops.  I never intended on eating here, but I glance at their menu as I was on my way to North Shore Grinds.As I was analyzing the menu a customer said, "you GOT to try the boil pork bowl, it's SO good!"  Long story short, I ended up ordering the boiled pork and it was unbelievable!  Extremely tender (I dare to say one of most tender I've eaten) and very satisfying.  Your Kitchen puts the right amount of teriyaki sauce to compliment the natural taste of the pork, I heavily recommend first timers to order it.Only cons I have is street parking and the wait could easily go over 20-30 minutes depending how crowded it is.  I hope to return to try more things, including the shaved ice.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,1/27/2010,560,702,2,7,2>LUNCH:We were walking all over Waikiki when we decided to grab a bite at Wolfgang's. The lunch menu is much cheaper than the Dinner Menu and has lots to choose from other than Steak.We ordered Lobster Bisque ($9-), Caesar Salad ($8-), Steak Tartar ($20-). Everything was really good. I noticed the table next to us was enjoying a Seafood Platter which wasn't on the menu. I asked out Server (Eric) about it and he said it was a Half Lobster, 2 Giant Shrimp and some Crab Meat ($28-). It looked really good and we will probably try that next time. $25- corkage.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,1/26/2010,11,165,3,5,3>After all the rave reviews and hearing from all the Japanese transpants that this is their favorite restaurant I decided to take my family here.  It was good, but maybe not the best place I've ever eaten.  The things that really stood out to me was the Spicy Ahi Rolls, Spicy Clams, and Lobster Dynaminte.The butterfish, fried gobo, garlic clams, fried tofu in ponzu sauce, garlic steak, and regular dynamite were all alright, but nothing special.  And the Chanko Nabe definately did not live up to my expectations.All in all it was a good experience, but I think I'll only come back when my Japanese friends go.  Still trying to find that one Japanese Restuarant item that keeps me coming back.  Till then I'll just be dreaming of that sukiyaki I had in Hakone.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,1/25/2010,111,110,3,5,5>Don't go to Starbucks!!!!! this place is WAYYYYYYYY better and so chill...its my secret place to just enjoy a hot cup of Fresh cup of coffee :)Its located just down the street from the Ward Starbucks but you don't have to pay ridiculous prices for coffee.The service is great! Always with a smile and coffee is FRESH! just like the name.They have free Wifi and outside seating available.
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,1/24/2010,78,46,5,4,4>You can't beat Gina's Special (BBQ'd Chicken, BBQ'd Beef, Kalbi, 1 egg roll, 1 squash jun, two big scoops of rice and 4 sides) for under $9.  I can eat a lot....i mean, i can throw down some food.  But its tough for me to beat this one.  The quality and quantity of food you get at this place is unreal.  Really, really good authentic Korean style plate lunch at a great price.  What's not to like??Oh by the way, their kalbi actually has meat on it rather than a bunch of beef fat and grizzle.....But, their water cups seem to freak me out all the time because they're always wet.  If those red plastic cups were dry and seemed a smidget cleaner, i'd give this place 5 stars for sure.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2009,1/23/2010,96,107,4,12,5>They put a Jazz club in the old Snappers bar.  Thank God, Hawaii doesn't have enough Jazz Clubs anyways.  The owner is the same guy that operates Margaritas, so they have the same menu.  Parking is only $1, the beers are anywhere between 4-6 bucks - not bad for Waikiki.  Surprisingly enough, there's a lot of local people that show up there so you're not surrounded by tourist.The bartender is Tim and the server that's always there is Marcy.  They're both local peeps and very nice too.  The music varies depending on what night you go - everything from straight ahead swing stuff to more post-bop/modern jazz.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,1/22/2010,39,141,4,9,4>This is a small salon with maybe three stylists. I had the WORST haircut I'd ever gotten from a Supercuts. I looked like a dutch boy. YUCK! So I went to my mom's stylist (I know, eek!) But HE IS FABULOUS! Very inexpensive. Great, stylish cuts that last for 10 to 12 weeks on average, beautiful color. Brilliant consultations that you can pretty much let them lead. Go see Calvin. This place is the best kept secret in haircare! Disclaimer: not for the snooty. This is a no-nonsense, light on the frills, great hair salon. This is not spa-ish in the least.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,1/21/2010,29,56,2,3,2>I've been walking past this place for months and it was always full, so finally Roommate and I got ourselves over there for some Thai towards 8:15 (they close at 9, natch) the other night.  We sat ourselves and the waitress brought us menus.  They have set menus for 2, 4, and more with a pretty good selection of their most popular dishes, but we went with calamari, shrimp curry, and spicy garlic beef.  While Roommate and I were thinking about the set menu, the waitress overheard us and let us know that the kitchen could make our order without mushrooms (Roommate doesn't like, he's weird).  Then when we ordered I asked for Thai hot, not American hot, and the waitress totally knew what I meant and said she'd make sure to add some spice.  So helpful and nice.The food was great too.  The calamari was crispy and cooked perfectly, the beef was sinus-clearing spicy, and the green curry was hot but not overwhelming.  We both had jasmine rice that was perfect too.With 2 drinks each (beer and wine only), 1 app, and 2 entrees the tab ended up being about $65.  The atmosphere was relaxed, service was excellent, and food was delicious.  Two thumbs up!
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2009,1/20/2010,15,16,6,4,4>When I was growing up I always thought frozen yogurt was for girls on diets and sissies. My conception of how yogurt was made was something along the following lines:1) take a really great ice cream and use a magic syringe to suck all of the goodness out of it2) sell the magic goodness on the street as 'crack'3) sell what's left in trendy little health food shops as 'frozen yogurt, the mirculous low-fat treat!'Then my girlfriend dragged me to Yogurtland across from UH Manoa about a year ago. She was predisposed to hating the place as well, mind you, as YL had recently taken over the space of what used to be her favorite coffee shop. But as we got in the much-described assembly line to create our desserts, we noticed something different. Something strange. What are these 'tart' thingies? 'Plain tart' sounds kinda boring, but let's give it a try. The rest,as they say, is history.Now, I'll agree with many of these reviewers that some of the stock ice cream-reminiscent flavors are kind of weak. I've never had good chocolate frozen yogurt, for example, and this place is no exception--it tastes processed and fake to me. Cookies and cream wasn't a huge hit either. But if your taste buds resmble mine at all, anything that says 'tart' is gonna blow your mind. The fact that it took major frozen yogurt retailers decades to realize that it wasn't necessary to process out  the natural tartness of regular yogurt when making the frozen variety befuddles me a little, but I'm certainly glad that they've finally figured it out. I also understand that these frozen miracle dollops can now be found on the menu of nearly all of the newest generation of yogurt vendors, but Yogurtland was my very first time, so five stars are mandatory.For me, the Yogurtland taste experience is all about balance, so I still need some non-tart flavors to mellow my plain tart, my blueberry tart, my pineapple tart, or whatever else might be on the menu (which changes regularly). I enjoy the taro, toasted coconut, and peanut butter--none of which taste artificial or light, though they are all nearly fat-free.Here's a little tip if you're psycho and neurotic like me and want a lot of different flavors but don't want them to all combine into a big, coiled, mixed-up frozen yogurt turd in your cup: Dispense the yogurt along  the sides of your cup in single straight lines, much like you'd fill the chambers of a revolver, rotating the cup as you go, so that when you're done you can have an easily-accessible array of flavors all neat and tidy and immediately accessible. My girlfriend swears she showed me this trick, but I still contend that we discovered it together and simultaneously on our first visit--a match made in the annals of OCD, right?I avoid the toppings--they create inconvenient and frustrating barriers between my spoon and the yogurt--so I can't really comment on the freshness of the fruits, etc., as others have here. And as for cleanliness, honestly, even if I saw someone wrap his mouth around one of the yogurt spickets, pull the lever, and start guzzling away right in front of me, that wouldn't raise enough of a concern about hygiene to keep me from getting my fix--in fact, I've considered doing the same on many occasions but worried they might not let me back in if I got caught.I am so obsessed with this place now that my girlfriend bought me a Yogurtland t-shirt for my birthday, and I wear it. Often. And proudly. Go ahead and call me a sissy--just give me my plain tart!
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2009,1/19/2010,129,194,2,5,4>Oh Manifest, I wish I could spend more time with you.This has probably got one of my favorite bar set-ups in all of downtown and definitely the nicest bar bathrooms (followed closely by 39 hotel, Murphy's & Bar 35).Plus, they have coffee! Not just coffee, fun coffee like espresso and lattes and cappuccinos etc.  Oh, and Arnold Palmers.... on the menu! I feel like I don't see that enough and wish I could see it more.My only complaint - the bouncers.  Seriously, I don't always understand the lines they try to create and on Halloween in particular I thought my head was going to explode with their nit picking about the line (which was often completely difficult to find).  Seriously, I know you've got a job to do and I'm often glad you're there doing it.  Someone's got to deal with the creepers, the violent or dangerously clumsy too-drunkies, keeping the kiddies out of the grown up bars, etc etc.  But seriously, this isn't Waikiki.  Simmer down.  We're friendly happy people downtown, not stupid lost tourists or drunken aggro dudes looking for a fight.  Would it kill you to smile or, oh, I don't know, be polite or nice about it?  Seriously.Ok, I'm probably being too extreme because I'm a lush and I like to try and befriend the bouncers at the places I like to drink and you all are exceptionally resistant to my attempts to be nice so I'm going to admit here my perception on that is a little skewed.But bouncers aside, this definitely wins the cool award for new downtown hot spots.  I HIGHLY recommend checking it out!
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,1/18/2010,316,226,,10,7>One of my favorite clothing stores in honolulu, I always manage to find something at this place.  I don't know if it's the warm hawaii weather or what, but everything always looks so cute.  It's like a nicer version of forever 21, but with manageable prices.  Lots of summery dresses, tops, jewelry, hats, belts, and purses.  The best part is that the brands are super unique, so you can be assured that no one else will be wearing what you're wearing!    This place is Japanese owned, and the owner is super friendly and talkative.  I definitely recommend checking this place out if you're looking for an outfit (or for you guys, if you're looking for a gift for your girl).
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,1/17/2010,250,158,3,6,2>I'd say the Royal with everything on it with extra patty is the best burger on the island. The salty-sweet of the teri burger balances out with the lettuce, the mayo smooths out the acidity from the tomatoes, and the cheese rounds out the onion. It's a freakin' orgy in your mouth. My only gripes are the parking lot being too small and waiting in line for up to 40+ mins in direct sun. Seriously call in your order ahead of time if you know what you want, because these lines are brutal during lunchtime.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,1/16/2010,89,131,3,4,3>OK, once again, I've found yet another hangover cure. Last week Saturday - one of my infamous "morning afters" - I was dragging. My mind was still groggy from the previous night's shenanigans and I was dead tired.What cured me - and seemed to give me energy! - was a small-sized bowl of pho with rare beef ($6) on the side. The bowl was generously filled with noodles and the broth was absolutely delicious. In fact, my lunch date's bowl of noodles seemed to multiple - I didn't think he'd ever get to the bottom. Also, his only complaint of their pho was that the beef slices were a bit too thick (but that's not really a bad thing).We arrived at the restaurant at about 1 p.m. There was only one person in line before us and the wait was about 5 minutes or so. The staff is efficient and their English is minimal. We communicated by pointing to menu items. At first, I was wary about eating there as I was concerned about the cleanliness but the tables and condiments were both very clean.I've been wondering about this restaurant for over a year so I'm glad I finally took the time to stand in line!
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2009,1/15/2010,28,119,5,7,4>Just came back home from celebrating my dad's birthday at Sergio's, and let me tell you, I am so full I am actually in agony. Uncomfortably full. But that's because I have the appetite of a linebacker stuffed into the body of a 5'3" girl. Not Sergio's fault!The service here was great--our waiter was charismatic and attentive without being intrusive--and it wasn't deafeningly loud in here. I like being able to hear conversations and not have to lipread or just give up all together and quietly get drunk on Cabernet because I can't hear a damn thing.We got:Bruschetta Funghi: 3 stars. . .a little sweet and the bread was a tad soggy and bogged down with sauce. sauce? hm.Caesar Salad: 5 stars. tasty as hell.Roasted Tomato & Bread Soup: 5 stars. hearty and excellent, with whole stewed basil leaves for added flavor and crusty grilled bread! Garlic breath to the max.Mahi Mahi Special: 4 stars. Very rich, a little oily, but the panko-crusted fish was cooked well, and the orzo and sundried tomatoes were a great touch. LOTS of garlic.Prosciutto & Arugula Pizza: 4 stars. Fresh tasting, peppery and crisp. Manchego cheese rules.Tiramisu: 5 stars. We all agreed it was the best tiramisu we'd ever had! All flavors were balanced and it was just firm enough, NOT soggy at all, and dusted with delicious cocoa powder. Delicious.My aunt ordered the Italian Sausage Pizza and it came out burnt. They graciously took it back and served her a baked italian sausage pasta dish, which was really really good. They were apologetic and took care of it. That meant a lot to us. Pretty good for Italian in Hawaii. And I'll be full for the next three days, so that's cool in my book.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2009,1/14/2010,771,231,9,12,11>I picked up my son from school today and he wanted to go to Fresh Catch .... cant believe they have been open for 2 years and we had not been in till today - the owner thought it was funny too since I am at Saint Louis School twice a day !! He and the people behind the counter were all super friendly and totally embodied the ALOHA spirit !!! Anyway they had about 12 specials of the day listed on the board.... we tried the Ahi Katsu and the Fish & Chip plates plus a side of spicy salmon poke and a red velvet cupcake. Everything was good and it had a cute atmosphere like a indoor boat dock ...... It was crowded with people waiting for their orders and it does take a while .... I will call in a order next time as my toddler was wiggling all over the place !!! Like the others yelpers noted their is a liquor area, marinated meats, and lots of " to go" packed items .... the soda fountain drinks are refillable so a better bet if your dining in. Anyway my son was in heaven with a lot of the sauces having a mayonaise base !! me not so much - I will do a sauce on the side next time now that I know. For two people it was $25.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,1/13/2010,272,94,,5,2>ok. so ive hear good and bad about this place, so i had to see for myself.friday night 8pm party of 4, the wait wasnt too bad about 20mins to get a seat. ordered the following items and all were delish!food:50/50  got this with the sweet fries and onion rings. i recommend that. sweet fries were very addicting. the onion rings as well, they can make that into a snack and throw it in a bag and sell it at the super market man serious! the regular fries were ok, and not as warm or hot as the others.ordered the "counter burger" i figured if im here i should try what is probably a signature dish, if they went ahead and put their name on it. ohh it was awesome. the patties were medium well, very soft, the buns here were nicely buttered and grilled(i got the regular hamburger bun). i believe it was buttered with the butter they use on popcorn. it made a very nice kick to the whole unhealthyness taste, but ohhh so good! texture and everything was right on! good job on this!  also  did a custom ordered one, i got the 1/3lb, american cheese, grilled onion, pineapple, lettuce, bacon, and teriyaki. man that was a winner. i always eat the teriyaki bacon cheese burger every place i go. its kinda how i can compare. but since this place comes with 4 toppings i threw in the pineapple for fun. turns out it was a big plus and they def did a good job here. the patty again was right on medium well, moist and juicy,crisp bacon. the highlight the TERIYAKI sauce is awesome!!! this is homemade sauce, not that typical sweet syrup type everyone uses.  this teri sauce was shoyu based, actually i think they might use yamasa shoyu. i can tell from the taste..but yea man, def my favorite teri sauce ive had on a burger. this burger kicked ass! for dessert  we had the apple crumble ala mode. it is what is it. nothing i wouldnt expect. like apple pie filling and ice cream/in my opinion this is a bit over priced.the bads:cool decor, but looked cheap to me. i think maybe the seating arrangements in there were off? lights looked cheap too also the furniture or something, it looks like the chairs that might be used at a trendy mcDs. but thats not the point, im there to eat!  still no points off for this..service was a bit slow, new place, new workers, new systems i know how it goes. so it didnt bother me. we had a get together, so we were chatting away anyways. now lunch time, and the clocks ticking i dont know if this is your choice.fries came out way earlier than the burger, we almost killed two 50/50 baskets before the burgers arrived. i think they should come out together, i like my burgers and fries together! i hope they improve that.ive been a long time teddys fan, tried burgers on the edge and it wasnt for me. same concept, but the execution was done much better here. so id pick this place over burgers on the edge.the counters got my vote when i want that burger with a twist.teddys is still good for that classic style burgers and shake. i rate the two as two different styles and will continue to go to both spots!
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,1/12/2010,184,171,3,5,6>CHINA TOWN DANGEROUS PART I:As I entered I was enamored with the décor.  Sleek leather couches, a mahogany colored bamboo bar, glowing orb lamps hanging from the ceiling, and a huge wooden mural on the left facing wall.The drinks were affordable and strong.  Skyy vodka isn't my fav, but at $3.50 a drink, what more can you ask for.  I am a fan of sitting down somewhere, and feeling like I'm out for a night on the town.  The fact that this place is so close to restaurants like Soul De Cuba, Du Vin, Epic, and Indigo makes it very appealing as a drop in to start your night before going to the 8:15 reservation somewhere else.  The service was very friendly, and I ended up having a $3.50 orange crushtini & a $9.00 ginger cran martini with greygoose.  Meanwhile my girl had a blueberry martini & a glass of merlot.  All the drinks were pretty good.  I am kind of craving the icy orange martini that I had, basically a screwdriver shaken with a cherry, but in a martini glass everything becomes a classy party.  While they don't have hot food, I am an opportunist, and from my pictures, you will see that sharing a ceaser salad and their spinach artichoke dip can make for a good appetizer.  Not much more to say.  This bar, while limited in food choice does one of my favorite things well and that is cheap drinks all night in a nice atmosphere.  I attribute it to sipping drinks in someone's posh living room and not having to clean up after.  We got out of here for $37 tip included, so at these prices, I want to tell everyone to come down and support the new kid on the block.  When we left at 7:45, the bar was only about a third full.  With the price of the drinks here, that's just barely keeping the lights on.  If we want to keep them around, which I do, I suggest making this one of your new Pau hana spots, or power up bars before going out.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2009,1/11/2010,185,168,2,7,4>I've always wanted to eat at this place, but the fear of the unknown has stopped me from trying this place.  I've always heard good things such as, their menu is all organic and they use only local produce so their menu constantly changes depending on the produce they get, and they're pet friendly (you can eat with your pet on the lanai).  I was going to get my nails done with my girl friend so we decided to try this place.The menu is simple and to the point, only being 1 page (2 if you count the drink page.. they also have a seperate drink menu), the only thing is, we were totally confused by it.  There are no headings, the food is just written in small bunches.  So I wasn't sure if what I was reading was a salad, or a sandwich, or a pasta.  What was in the dish didn't help either because they used words I've never seen before.  For example, instead of spinach they said "tatsoi" (or something like that)... maybe being a fellow culinarian I should've known some of these words... but I didn't.  Needless to say when the server came around we had a couple questions.We both decided on pasta, she had a simple penne, pesto, basil, and tomato pasta, I had a spaghetti with tomatoes, capers, ahi, and kalamata olives.  Both arrived quickly and although it seemed like a small portion, it did fill me up.  I didn't taste hers, but I'm sure it was good.  Mine was awesome.  It had just the right amount of capers and olives.  The tuna wasn't big and chunky, but cubed small and delicate.  The atmosphere is very soothing with nice decorative pieces and big light orange lights.  When I try to think of something bad to say about this restaurant I can't really think of one.  For some reason, it all just works.  I do want to come back and try more dishes... maybe try their dinner menu.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2009,1/10/2010,12,75,,6,3>My mother was born and raised in "Nawlins" and because of this I've been raised on Cajun Cookin. Regular nightly dishes around my family's table included red beans and rice, jambalaya, and gumbo. I look forward to my frequent trips down to New Orleans not only to see my family but also to enjoy the incredible food that I THOUGHT could only be found in the bayou. Most places think that just by coating dishes with Cajun seasoning and dousing them in Tabasco that it somehow creates a Cajun dish. They try to get by with stiffening up their soup with some corn starch and adding a little artificial smoke and passing it off as "gumbo"... But people that know Creole know the difference and know how to do it right. And the folks at Taste of the Bayou know how to do it right. Cajun & Creole cooking should contain rich, deep, complex flavors. They are savory and spicy dishes that "stick to your ribs". And Taste of the Bayou delivers on all counts.The "Taste of the Bayou" dish, which is a sampling of their chicken and andouille sausage gumbo, their chicken and tasso jambalaya, and their red beans and rice, is just outstanding. It's everything great Cajun food should be: deep, rich, and hearty with complex, smokey flavors perfectly balanced with just the right kick of spice. All three samples were so good in their own ways that there's no possible way I could pick a favorite. The Shrimp Po' Boy is also very good. (And btw... It's a "Po' Boy" folks. Not a "Poor Boy".) The French roll was crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside. It was filled with 5 jumbo shrimp, which was plenty enough to get a big bite of shrimp in every bite. The shrimp were seasoned perfectly with just enough spice. They were lightly fried with juuust enough breading to create a good crunch without masking the great shrimp. It was served with an excellent remoulade which was a little bit sweet, a little bit spicy, and a perfect compliment to the shrimp. The po' boy was served with a hefty serving of sweet potato fries which were also excellent. I'm not usually a fan of sweet potato fries, but they're subtle sweetness was a great match with the mild kick of the po' boy and they were perfect to dip into the remoulade.Look folks, if you don't love the food here, then you just don't like Cajun cooking, because this is as genuine as it gets. I can't believe such a great Cajun & Creole place can be found in the middle of the Pacific.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,1/9/2010,362,1158,,10,6>This reminds me of Japan ramen shops because of all the customization that you can do. How salty? Light please. How oily? Less please. Noodles? Soft please. Totally cool. I got the chicken broth (ok, so yah, I'm vegetarian...but I'm not strict...nor a vegan) with veggies. Mm....Yum!Oh, and I must mention, THEY PACK THE NOODLES. I could not finish it. It's soooo much, you will leave satisfied. Not the kine where you wish you had more noodles....cool!!!***Special Tip***You can ask for OROSHI NINIKU, which translate to grated garlic. I noticed that the sign is only in Japanese. So, unless you can read Japanese you wouldn't know that it's available...for free! (^__^)/
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,1/8/2010,92,120,20,8,7>The Dragon Upstairs should be renamed The Cougar Upstairs because after you meander up the stairs you'll find a quaint place populated with cougars.  I use that term loosely here, because "cougar" refers to an attractive older woman (40s, 50s) on the prowl for younger meat (think Ellen Barkin in Ocean's Thirteen).  The cougars here looked more like Margaret Cho wearing leopard print clothes, before she bleached her, uh, chocolate star.  (For single men you're better off going to Bar 35 where the crowd is younger and it's dark enough inside so all the wahines look pretty, even if they're not.)Anyway.I like this place.  Like others have mentioned, it has a nice ambience and I thought that the drinks are not that bad in terms of price (compared to equivalent places in the bay area).  It's also old school in that all soda is by can and not fountain.  We went on a Friday night and watched Ginai and Pierre, who were pretty good.  Pierre--a one man band who plays several instruments simultaneously--is a dead ringer for Kramer from Seinfeld, in both phenotype and mannerisms.  We sat next to Ginai's husband at the bar and had a nice convo and met her and the owner (Hank) briefly as well, so there's no pretension at this place.Couple tips:  1)  Come early (before the specific performer you want to see) because it's *sitting* room only.  If you don't have a seat you're relegated to standing by the entrance with all the single men.  (Unless, of course, that's what you want, cougar lady *RAWR*)2)  Bring your best kung fu grip and sacrifical friend (to leave behind for the ragamuffins as you run away when they try to jack you) because you still have to navigate through ghetto Chinatown to walk to this place.If it wasn't for the unnecessary $5 cover charge I would rate this place the highest possible, but for everything else this place gets Franksabunched with 4 stars!
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,1/7/2010,31,107,2,3,3>I went there last night for a pre-birthday celebration since there menu was half off only until 18th.  My boyfriend and I decided to get the tasting menu.  Before the dish even arrived they served us a pre-appetizer of onion, cream cheese, and ahi dip with won ton crisp just to tease the palette.  It was delicious and I wish they had more then a spoonful on the plate, I even snuck in some finger swipes on the dish when I thought no was looking.They had three different types of bread a pumpkin with ginger, a sweet bread encrusted with black pepper, and a rye with caramel.  I tried the black pepper which was sweet with the burst of pepper to give it a kick, my boyfriend tried the pumpkin which was surprisingly moist and delicious.The first course was the hamachi sashimi with a soy sauce reduction, some type mustard and japanese chili pepper flakes with a radish sprinkling on the top.  It was light and delicate, not strong on the flavor an ok dish in my book, but I'm not too fond of sashimi.The second course was a snow crab salad with the meat combined with a kahuku corn sauce and a Parmesan crisp on the top, a little heavier I think there was mayo with mixed in with the crab but very good, wouldn't be able to eat too much of it though since it was rather rich.The first entree was the garlic ahi with an extremely sweet black peppercorn sauce and the fennel was salty.  It was very good, but you have to like sweet sauce because it over powers the other flavors.  The second entree was the grilled rib-eye steak, the flavoring was much more subtle then the ahi, but definitely strong with the soy demi-glaze absolutely amazing.  Definitely the best dish not including dessert.For dessert we had a trio of: chocolate decadence, banana foster ice cream, and a mocha creme brulee.  The chocolate decadence was absolutely rich with bitter chocolate, I savored every bite and thoroughly enjoyed it that I saved it so it would be the last taste in my mouth.  The banana foster's ice cream was amazing also, as I do not normally like it as a dessert, but there were fresh nuts and brown sugar within that ice cream the combination was like a birthday and Christmas all rolled into one.  The mocha creme brulee was average nothing too special I think it needs to be stronger on the coffee flavor but that is just me.Also, since I was celebrating my birthday they gave me a free chocolate cake with a buttercream frosting which was a very nice touch.I loved the ambiance and food of stage and while it's not up to alan wong's excellent standards I wouldn't hesitate to come back next year if they continue their 50% off special.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2009,1/6/2010,91,203,5,10,7>Cafe Maharani really deserves that Hale Aina award hanging up on their bright red wall.  The Samosas were amazing, and the Lamb Vindaloo was incredible.  Our server asked how spicy I'd like it on a scale of 5-10, and seven had me sweating in my seat.  It started burning my mouth after a few bites, but it was so good I couldn't stop.  Also, the smallware was quite exquisite, and the whole place was very well-appointed.  We came at about 6:00pm, and luckily arrived just before the crowds overpopulated the place Mumbai stylee, so we were seated and served very promptly.  We tried to come here a few years ago, but it was packed so we left.  Now I wish we had waited back then.  I mean, think of all the times we could have been back between then and now.  Oh well, such is life.  Now we know.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,1/5/2010,113,187,3,7,4>So I woke up the other morning thinking about salmon.  I blame it on the salmon fried rice that I tasted (OK,I'll admit it; hoovered) at Farmer's Market.  A salmon breakfast dish just sounded good.  After reading mostly good reviews (but a few lukewarm ones as well), I ditched my normal plan of having breakfast at home and headed over to Cream Pot with guarded expectations.My fears were put to rest by a nice meal.  I had the salmon eggs benedict, a blueberry crepe and some decaf coffee (I was already fully caffeinated upon arrival, hence no intel re: the standard coffee) and everything was tasty.Here are a few things to keep in mind.1)Do they emphasize quality ingredients and subtle flavors? Absolutely.2)Huge portions?  Uh, no. So your aunty would enjoy it.  Your football-playing nephew who normally eats enough for 5 people at each meal?  Not the best match.3)The entrance to Cream Pot is close to Ala Wai Blvd.  No need to go through the hotel.4)Got some friends or family visiting from Japan?  The specials on the board were listed in Kanji as well as English.Only a couple of minor quibbles.  The meal was a little pricey and my crepe was lukewarm when it arrived.  Would I go back?  Definitely.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,1/4/2010,35,142,4,4,4>I took the man here to cheer him up after the po-po caught us (p.s., why are they everywhere this week?!) on H3 going just a smidge over the speed limit. He'd never been before but his first comment was about the Friendship tables I like so much. He felt they were out of place in that setting. I understand his point but I still dig 'em. We had opakapaka a la piccata & prime rib after the obligatory bowl of lobster bisque. The lobster bisque was delicious, as always, with a massive piece of lobster and a good base. The opakapaka was with a lemon-caper sauce over some vegetables. The fish itself was good, moist, tender and not an overly fishy flavor. The sauce was nice and light so you could enjoy the fish. The prime rib was cooked as it was ordered with that ubiquitous one spear of asparagus and onion ring. I'm not sure what was going on with the music that night; it was way out of the ordinary but maybe we just went on an off night. Waitstaff was knowledgeable and quick, as usual. Thank God, the trick worked and the man was distracted from being butt hurt about a big fat speeding ticket. What more could I ask for, a full tummy, a nice glass of wine and an un-p.o.'d man. Don't answer that.
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/14/2009,1/3/2010,66,228,2,4,3>This place is now a part of the Paina Cafe in Ward Center, not in Ward Market.$5 Small poke bowl, $6 large poke bowl.True to the name, this is more of a poke on rice bowl, rather than a spicy ahi don (spicy ahi on rice bowl).  The ahi is like most poke, larger chunks.  At first I thought I would appreciate this more than the scraped, small chunk style of most Japanese-style spicy ahi don.  In the end I think I like the bigger chunks for poke, and the scrape/small chunks style for don style.Overall the bowl was good.  Very small for a "large" bowl.  Hot sauce wasn't hot.Probably not going to add this place to my rotation of spicy ahi bowls.  Doesn't really offer more than poke on rice (which I can get anywhere).
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,1/2/2010,253,278,3,4,4>Wow. I would've never guessed that this place had decent/good Japanese food (teishoku, nabemono, sushi, chirashi, etc) at reasonable prices. I'm really happy about this since my gf lives 5 minutes away and we now have somewhere else to go to besides Jackie's Diner and Palazzo.I wish all Safeways made their Spicy Ahi consistently like this place.The butterfish misoyaki + spicy ahi combo plate was a winner.  Even though it was a combo, the spicy ahi came in a separate container that was halfway filled with rice. I thought it was the whole container and I was so excited...only to find filler rice.  =\My gf got the chicken katsu curry + spicy ahi plate which was only half a winner because the katsu wasn't great at all. I'd say L & L might actually make it better. She said the chicken wasn't that great, the pieces looked old, there was no crunch to it and the curry was bland.It's located in the little mall area that has the Cattle Company restaurant. We came around 5:00pm and believe it or not, this place only had 2 tables left. A lot of early birds!  Parking is difficult to come by unless you park down by times and walk.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,1/1/2010,171,537,3,4,3>there arent many places you can go in Hawaii that have good kim chee.  i like the palama market kimchee b/c its not bland or spiceless like the Halm's crap kind you can buy at Safeway.  plus, if you let it sit out a bit and let it "ferment" a little more, its even better.they have the standard korean offerings, snacks, meats, fish, and produce.  i like going here to pick up all kinds of korean goodies.  and they have pre-made food items to grab-and-go.  the kimbap (korean sushi) here is good, and cheap too - i've read other yelpers saying it has made them sick, but i've had them on many occasions and never gotten sick at all. there is also a take out area that has pretty cheap, and very tasty plates.... pretty much anything is good.the parking sucks here, and the only thing i hate here is that they have one of those useless parking lot guys who just stands around doing two things - getting in the way and pointing out the obvious open stalls.  what a waste of payroll.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,12/31/2009,107,148,3,5,4>So after munching a few malasadas at Leonards, my parents walked over to this shave ice cart in front of Sports Authority.  My hair colorist, Melvin (J Salon) told me about this place and had no idea it existed until this day.  Wow - best shaved ice on the Leeward side!  Their small is actually huge and the ice is very fine.  I was impressed that they serve mochi balls (mini-so cute) and the price - less than $3. They have many flavors to choose from except for green tea?  I wanted to try to recreate something similar to my "usual" at Waiola (azuki bean bowl/green tea flavor ice) but no go.  No green tea, no five stars. HA! If you don't want to drive into town or to the North Shore, head to Waikele, the shopping center across from the outlets.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2009,12/30/2009,230,197,10,7,5>This is the place mauka of Fort Street Cafe.  It's a Korean mom and pop shop and I'm just reviewing the Korean sushi (daikon, spinach, carrots, and ground beef, rolled up in rice and nori).  Great people and nice as heck.  They make it fresh and give you two rolls, cut into 4 fairly big pieces each, for $3.75.  It's just how my mom used to make it.  Ask them if they could just make it fresh, instead of picking one up from the display case.    They now have an extensive menu that looks more like Ahi and Vegetable.  I've also had two very filled up spicy tuna hand rolls for $3.75.  They even have a fried battered fish musubi for like $1.50 or so.  If I were an HPU student, which I am not (about 20 years removed from college), I'd be really happy this was close by.  Of course, I'd be happy that La Tacqueria de Ramiro, Ba Le and that Thai place, were lined up in a row next to the Korean sushi place as well.  And of course I'd be happy that my metabolism could probably handle eating out 3-4 meals a day plus a midnight run to Liliha Bakery -- and still remain rail thin.  But I digress.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,12/29/2009,179,461,4,5,4>My friends and I went here for a birthday dinner! it was soo worth it!  I had the pork tenderloin because i didn't want fatty pieces and the waiter recommended that I get this cut...boy it was DELICIOUS!  I really wanted to try the shrimp as well so i ordered a side piece and it was a huge fried shrimp that was soooo juicy!The service was great! The waiters and servers were helpful and very sweet! Small restaurant great ambiance! I felt like I was in Tokyo!I'm not a cabbage person but the side cabbage that comes with the meal was actually quite tasty....especially with all the tonkatsu sauce!so yum! I would come again...just get ready to spend some dough it was quite pricey!
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2009,12/28/2009,171,85,4,5,4>Tango is a small (and I do mean small) fusion Contemporary Restaurant .  Went here for lunch and my first thought was, "Hey, pretty nice".  The layout is simple and clean, but those Chinese cat statues gotta go.  Looking at the Lunch menu, I kinda wish they offered a better selection of  appetizers for lunch or if people could at least order from the dinner menu.  I understand it's lunch and most people dont like to stuff their faces mid day, but Im not most people.  After looking through the menu my bf and I ordered the Onion Soup, the Soup of the Day (Clam Chowder), Duck Confit, and Mushroom Risotto (I am a huge risotto fan).   -The Onion Soup to me didnt have enough onions in it, but lovely.  -The Clam Chowder was on the watery side and very under-seasoned.-I loved the Duck Confit.  Nothing more to say about that, but order it.-The Mushroom Risotto was...eh nothing special.  In general, all our dishes were very under-seasoned, which I thought was just my taste-buds (I like more salt than the average person), but my bf also thought it was extremely under-seasoned.  At least it  easier to add salt than minus.  The one thing that really bugged me about this restaurant was the not so good wine list, no cocktails, AND THE UGLY CEILING!  I advise you right now...do not look up.Usually i would give 3 stars, but after re-seasoning our dishes, they were all acceptable and yummy, but it's the Duck Confit that made my meal.  I definitely wanna go back to try the dinner menu.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2009,12/27/2009,358,275,6,8,5>Parking readily available, dynamic fresh housemade innovative yet traditional food, very reasonable prices, cool decor, and good-looking people. It's totally a win! I admit the first time I came here I vowed I'd never come back, but that was years and years ago when it first opened, and I came with the wrong people (my family) expecting the wrong things.  Good place for a date, bad place to come with your mom, dad, and little brother. We found it overpriced for a family-style dinner. Five or so years later, I've been back half a dozen or so times at the bequest of friends or be/for/e a night out. Win! The staff is pretty trendy and good-looking, and the food is priced very well for such a cool place in such a central location. Lots of Asian college-aged kids come here.Went on a Sunday night at 9:15 or so. They close at ten. We were seated immediately in the best table ever! It was at the top of these kind of stadium seating rows where we were Kings who Surveyed All Below. Including food, fake boobs, lava flows, and an unfortunately shitsu-faced woman.  Fun!The guy mister is on a diet, so we ordered tofu salad $9, beef bibimbap $12, and teriyaki salmon bento $15.  And a coke for only $2 which was gulped down by the mister in about three seconds flat.  The waitress came back about 1 minute later and refilled it (free). She also left me an entire pitcher of green tea (hot) for me. Nice. Very nice. The bibimbap didn't taste that great, and was kinda greasy, and didn't turn as crispy as I like on the stone pot. We asked for it spicy and it was barely spicy at all. The taste wasn't good to begin with, so some spice to mask it would have helped. Oh well. Just don't order it again. Tofu salad was amazing, with fresh housemade soft tofu, applesoy dressing and sesame dressing as well. I asked if they sold the apple soy chinese dressing and unfortunatley they don't. boo! I was literally almost going to lick the plate. and this was a salad, people! For only nine bucks this is a total steal. I will order this again and again. Teriyaki salmon bento was nice. Came with takuan, magenta pickled yucky things, tons of edamame, and rice and 3 unsettlingly healthy-tasting gyoza. No dipping saucce for gyoza. Too bland for me. I think maybe because it was made from good ingredients, from scratch, and I'm used to the frozen 99 cents for a dozen variety. The salmon was the star. I'll just order it ala carte next time. Moist and seared with a delicious glazed drizzle on the outside. Very ono. Too much edamame. Did not eat it. All in all, our waitress was the bomb excellent and gave us superba nd very attentive service without hovering, the food was innovative, fresh, and quality, and the prices were incredibly reasonable considering what we got. I like it.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2009,12/26/2009,59,44,2,10,2>Wow!  That's was the first thing that came to mind after I finished eating here.  This new Nepali/Indian restaurant is located in the vacated spot of the old "A Taste of New York Deli" on 11th Avenue.  It's a really cute venue- optional outside seating offers a view of the beautiful Waialae nighttime sky.  The food was incredible.  Seriously, it was the best Indian food I've ever tasted (and I've been to EVERY Indian restaurant/kiosk on Oahu).  I ordered the Nepali style lentil dish which came with delicious basmati rice and a really tasty spinach-potato side.  The flavors were out of this world!  My friend got the lamb curry which he thoroughly enjoyed.  My sister got a bamboo/black eyed peas dish (also with basmati rice) which she really loved too.  The naan bread came with a cilantro dip which was excellent.  Anyone going to eat there MUST get either the naan bread or the paratha!  The waiter said they bake a lot of their food in traditional Tandoori clay ovens.  I'm not exactly sure what those clay ovens do, but that bread was so ono!  For dessert, we got a homemade Indian style mango ice cream.  It was exactly what we needed to finish off the perfect Indian/Nepali dinner!  Highly highly recommended!
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,12/25/2009,147,94,2,7,4>The food and the drinks at Uncle Bo's are top notch, so why only 3 stars? I called last week to make reservations for 10 people. The hostess took my name and number then asked me for my credit card. I thought it was weird but being in a rush provided it for her. After thinking about it for a minute I called back and asked her why she needed my credit card. "To hold the reservation" she said, which I thought was ok. I then asked her what they do the with the credit card number, she rudely said they use to to charge people who don't show up $10 per person. At this point I got pretty irritated and said I kind of understand their logic, but if they are going to have a practice like this (is it even legal) they should have disclosed this when I originally made the reservation. Anyway, I probably wont boycott Uncle Bo's completely but I thought the lack of customer service from their hostess was pretty rude, and we moved our reservation to a different restaurant. **** Went back to Uncle Bo's last night for a friends b-day. The food was SOOOO ono, service was excellent, all in all a great experience. I now have food amnesia from my last comment and have changed my rating from 3 to 5 stars  Guess its true, the way to a man's heart is thru his stomach. :)
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,12/24/2009,95,75,4,6,6>I had heard about this place from many people and; nothing but good things. Christmas night was the first time i got to experience it for myself. Man, what an experience! We are talking top notch grades in every single area. The food - I was already expecting high quality eats. I was also expecting to drop at least a bill and a half for said quality. The former exceeded my expectations; best prime rib i have ever had. perfectly seasoned, perfectly cook, served with roasted garlic mashed potatoes and fresh, sauteed, whole green beans. French onion soup and a house salad with a creamy vinegarette (yes, creamy) complemented the entree. The finisher? Pumpkin creme brulee. I was so done.The latter? Well, there must have been some mistake. You mean to tell me this full course gormet meal was only $37? Heh, a Merry Christmas indeed!The service - By American standards, no place comes close to the service Top of Waikiki provides. Being a culinary school grad, i am familiar with the correct placing of silverware, order of table service, etc. Our server followed protocol to a tee. Served the lady first, then serve clockwise. Show the wine to the entire table, remove cork properly, provide the lady of the table with the first taste, then only after her approval did he pour for the rest of the table, always leaving the label visble to the person he poured for. I was very impressed.The ambiance - Perfect...just perfect. The place spins at a decent speed such that you get to see the entire island as you eat. Absolutely stunning views. The lights were a little low, but the tables had candlelight to compensate. Oh and try not to get confuzzled if you go to the restroom. With the place spinning as it does, you may have a time trying to find your table when you come back.5 easy stars for Top of Waikiki. Ill have to see what they are planning for new year's. Treat yourself to a fine dining experience such as this.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,12/23/2009,99,234,3,4,3>This is one of the most spectacular golf courses in the State.  If you play from the tips you'd best come prepared to be humbled, frustrated, and be willing to leave a few balls on the course.   That being said, I highly doubt the slope should be as high as it is--I've played much more challenging courses than this.  The club and course loses half a star because it is now a giant church facility (unfortunate, yes) but gains that half star right back with their K-Club membership program.   You pay ~$100 for a year and get  1 free round of golf, 20% of all future rounds, and a discount for your guests.  If you play the course 5 times you've paid for it---play it more and you are just saving more cash!The staff, grounds crew, and starters are all wonderfully nice and helpful.   I recommend making a reservation for the first tee-time of the day and getting out before the place gets crowded.  There is something about walking accross the dew-covered grass and watching the wind and waves build over Kaneohe that is so relaxing.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,12/21/2009,487,140,5,7,6>I finally made it into this little basement hole in the wall. "Don't judge a book by it's cover" applies to this place. It's dark, and everything is outdated, but it's not dirty (I didn't go to the bathroom though so I can't comment on that).  And it's not gross like certain Chinatown spots where the bums and lowest of the totem pole C-town residents reside. There are just friendly regular joe's chillin' at this place, but it's a nice vibe. Kinda like a semi-ghetto "Cheers".I sat at the bar. Art (the owner) was working the place, so he promptly served me a bottle domestic for $3.50. He didn't have a happy hour going,  but the prices weren't that bad. He had a few daily specials cocktails. Other than  that, he said tell 'em what you want to drink & he will tell you the price. Art was COOL. He's the man. Middle aged guy that loves to talk. Art suggested a few things to eat since I was starving. I'm on a low carb D, so I got the steak and a side Caesar salad. Art serves lunch too and apparently has a loyal following. He's talking about all these tourists that are starting to stroll through his place. He can't figure out how they hear about his place, you know, with it being a hideaway and all (Yelp, maybe?: ). Food: my plate was good. The steak was sliced up, cooked perfectly and very juicy. It was served with sauteed mushrooms and onions. The Caesar salad was good too. All of his dressings are homemade, which is a BIG plus in my book. Art kept talking about lunch and he said get there early cuz the small place fills up fast. There's all kine local plates and even meatloaf and Italian dishes. I'll check it out for lunch one day.oh, and they have karaoke. It's a $1 per song. 2 books, one by artist, the other by song. Good selection. He's closed Sat & Sun and has different hours on the weekdays, sometimes closing early if there are no patrons. Call ahead just to make sure he's open (at least in the evening).
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,12/20/2009,731,1118,5,5,4>This is a fairly small restaurant in a sort of unknown little spot. However, it is definitely a hidden gem in the urban jungle! Great pizza, amazing sandwiches, and incredible salads! (i know, i called a salad incredible!). Great ingredients and flavors that balance each other well. Great service, quick staff, and definitely great prices!I personally fell in love with the garlic bread. Oh, and I have to order the SuperSub and the La Pizza Rina Combo pizza...simply divine!Plan to order to-go and call ahead since the tables can fill up very quick!
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,12/19/2009,166,538,4,6,4>Freakin AWESOME.  Went here for dinner for the 1st time last night.  The only time I ate a hamburger on the rock was @ McDonalds 3 months ago.  After I looked up the nutritional content for the 2 cheeseburgers I consumed, I was disgusted and vowed never to eat another burger until I was @ a place that knew how to make real burgers to justify the calorie & fat intake.  ...So, off I go to Teddys, where they boasted several options from cajun to teryaki to an 18 oz beef burger if you so desired.  I actually asked for the turkey burger which surprised me when it arrived b/c it wasn't ground turkey, like I expected.  It was actually similar to a turkey breast but cooked to perfection so that I wasn't choking on dry white meat.  I removed the tomatoes & pickles and after that felt like was in the zone.  The fries and drink came with the combo @ about $7-8.  The fries were thick cut but b/c I love the fries of a competitor, Teddy's fries were just 'aiight'  in my book.The atmosphere is your typical fast food joint.  The decor reminded me of a child inspired room, with lots of primary colors, few tables & lots of bar stools.  If you eat outdoors, they'll bring your food out when it's ready.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,12/18/2009,399,464,12,11,10>To get my haircut here required an act of faith so profound, few women would even try it.  I recently moved here, and I needed a haircut .  I asked my husband to look at the women he works with and find someone with a nice blunt cut and ask her where she gets her hair cut for me.  He did and the lady produced a J Salon card out of her purse, as if she gets asked for this all the time.I made an appointment with Joy, her stylist. I arrived at my time and waited. I saw that Joy was still cutting someone's hair. 20 minutes into my wait time (bring a book, they don't have many magazines) a young lady appeared and offered me refreshments. I chose sparkling water and before I could take my first sip, it was my turn. So it was about 25 minutes behind.Joy thanked me for waiting and examined my hair. I told her my hair seemed dry, and it might be due to the cheapie drugstore products I use. She pointed out there was buildup, which I agreed with. Then she suggested doing something that would help with the extreme thickness of my hair. The girl who brought me water shampooed my hair with a clarifying shampoo, dry hair shampoo and some kind of conditioning treatment (as far as I could tell, this was included in the price).  Then Joy cut my hair.Joy asked the other girl to show me how to blow dry my hair with a flat brush and no roller brush, which would save time and be easier.  This technique basically uses your head as a roller brush. Then they flat-ironed my hair and Joy came back and straightened it up even more.It looks really pretty, and my hair felt GREAT afterward.  So did my scalp. Apparently the build-up of product was my problem, because it's four days later and my scalp is still really nice and my hair still frizz-free. I even bought the expensive shampoo because I was so pleased. You only use a quarter-sized amount, so it should last a long time.And my husband gets lots of brownie points, too. Asking a strange woman where she gets her hair cut on behalf of his wife? That's worse than buying tampons.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,12/17/2009,252,339,3,8,4>I had been avoiding this place because, like many people, I wondered what on earth a hot dog place (outside of Chicago itself, that is) could add to my life that it would make a trip out of my way worth my while. But, y'know, now that I work right down the street, I wonder, what was I thinking?The stand itself is pretty unassuming, from the decor to the friendly-enough worker bees, to the counter inside and few tables outside. Everything seems clean enough.The dogs: I've tried the chicken (on the everyday menu) and the rabbit (only available Wednesdays) sausages. Both had their merits. The chicken had a lovely texture and a great, hearty taste I wasn't expecting out of a chicken dog -- it didn't even need the help of the accompanying mango relish, though that was a nice touch. The rabbit was entertainingly gamey on certain bites, and I loved that the casing had some crunch to it. The grainy mustard and green tomato relish were a nice accompaniment to that, as well.Sides: So far, I've only tried the onion rings. You don't get too many per order, but this is probably a good thing, especially when you consider that they're SUPER greasy. It's just enough to make you feel like you've had a good side with your dog -- and a guilty one, at that!Drinks: Hank's artisan sodas are pretty neat, but I could easily go for a drink half the size (and maybe half the price) and be happy.The big downside to Hank's is, as you may have already noticed, the price. If you're eating alone, it's not too bad, but if you're with one or more other people, it does seem a little ridiculous to be paying that much for a couple of dogs and a couple of drinks, no matter how unique they are. The place isn't TOO expensive -- just enough to put it out of your price range for everyday dining, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, considering we're talking about hot dogs. :o)
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,12/16/2009,370,631,7,11,9>We stayed at the Ko'Olina Beach Club Resort this past weekend and were pleased to see that they opened another restaurant on their property, so we dined here the first night.We first seated ourselves at the bar as we waited for our lovely outdoor seating.  They had a really nice bar area with a cool glass display that allowed you to look out past the restaurant patrons and the koi pond out to the deep blue ocean and sunset.  We enjoyed part of our drinks before we were quickly seated in their outdoor seating.  Being the health nut that I am I just ordered their all you can eat salad bar.  I know, I'm boring...  My husband ordered their fresh opakapaka special for the evening and was pleasantly surprised at how tender the fish was as well as cooked to perfection, which also came with a baked potato (and cute sides all separate in a fancy display platter) and the all you can eat salad bar.  He shared his potato with me because he could barely finish his meal.  He wanted me to make sure that I gave them a good rating because of their tasty opakapaka special and great service.  We will definitely be back when we have the once again pleasure to stay out at their beautiful resort.Food:  ****Service:  ****Ambiance:  *****Value:  ***
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2009,12/15/2009,32,630,7,12,6>This is the KCC culinary department's  restaurant, run by the students themselves.  On their site they say its "Asian Pacific Cuisine Bistro Style".  WoW! haha fancy eh? Anyway they are located in the KCC cafeteria and have their only little restaurant near the entrance of the cafe.  You can eat in and be served by the students of do take out and just find a seat in the larger cafeteria.  They are also environment friendly by using biodegradable plates, utensils, cups and even take out containers.  However, I suggest that you call in your order for take out because it takes quite a long time.  Nevertheless the food is pretty good and even at a better price for the type of food they make.  So far i've had the rock shrimp risotto with mushrooms in a parmesan cheese bowl and that was MmMmmm goooood at only $5. 95.  Another time i also had the Lamb chops with come with fingerling potatoes and grilled ratatouille for $9.50.  It was good but they overcooked it a bit when i ordered it med some were med-well and well.  O well still good.  Another + is that there is no tax so kudos to that.  Anyway just come here and see/taste for yourself and you'll probably agree that its also a bargain.  Btw they only serve from 11a-12:45p tues-fri.
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2009,12/14/2009,144,174,11,7,4>I love this place. It has a really cool, yuppie hang out type of vibe, very laid back and relaxed (well, once you commandeer a seat that is). No corkage fee for the bottles of wine you either bring with you or buy from the shop next door and they offer refills when you buy a soda too.After all the years of coming here,  the food has never disappointed us. I remember eating here when they used to serve lunch on Fridays and weekends and even before they had the seating and awning outside; it was always good.The Hummus here is the best,  we always get it with an extra order of pita which is only 75 cents more. The other things we usually get are the Chicken souvlaki and the Shaorma, both are terrific and come with a small green salad. The ingredients used are always fresh and I always drool over their tomatoes, they're juicy and taste like the ones I'd grow at home. I've tried most other things on the menu like the Falafal and the Fish or Lamb souvlaki too, all good.One of the downers like others have mentioned is the seating situation. There is no order in getting a table so you just have to stand around and wait for people to leave. There are other people standing around also so you really need to position yourself strategically. We've remedied this by making sure we're here at 5pm or shortly thereafter, otherwise we avoid coming here.This one time we got into it with this bossy pregant chinese girl who thought she could bully people around. I won't go through the whole story but it ended with her yelling at her henpecked husband..."DAMN IT, JUST GO ORDER THE FOOD! THESE GUYS ARE ASSHOLES! MY DINNER'S RUINED!" Poor husband, he had a glazed look over his face like he was in shellshock, I felt sorry for him but secretly enjoyed watching her little meltdown. And for the record, we were there before they were, but I digress.Anyway, some other downers:It's cash only, (and local checks too I think), but I wish they would take plastic. And, when you eat inside, the music is soooo loud, it makes you want to do the plate-smashing dance like Anthony Quinn did in  Zorba the Greek. Although, when it's hot and muggy out, sitting inside has its benefits since it's air conditioned.So if you come, remember to bring cash and maybe some elbow pads and a helmet, you might need it to get a table unless you come at 5 like we do.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2009,12/12/2009,85,61,4,7,6>yay! people have reviewed this place finally! mine has been long overdo.when peeps ask about mexican restaurants on the island, this is the ONLY place i highly recommend if anyone is craving for the real stuff.  i've been to most of the mexican restaurants on the island and i believe this place is as close as you can get to mexican style home cooking. just like my friends' (i have quite a lot) mothers in california used to cook and make me eat when i would go over to their homes for dinner! i discovered this lil place in 2004 with my bf @ the time and i have been going there ever since.it's located in waipahu at the small shopping center in which Highway Inn is also located. the shopping center is right across the street from don quixote. please don't let the looks of the shopping center nor the restaurant scare you away. most of the hole of the wall places are the hidden treasures of the foodie world.it's family owned with members of the family doing their own thing for the place. when we did go, we would were always waited and served by a teenage girl who was always sweet and polite. if we had questions, she was kind of enough to inform us and describe the dishes. the elders worked behind the counter either cooking the meals, taking phone orders, etc.i have never been disappointed with the food. every morsel on our plates were licked clean. their chile rellanos is the best and spicy! and whatever they put in it,  their green sauce (altho the red sauce is good too) is quite addicting and mostly the type of sauce i would order for my plate. also try the desserts like their fried ice cream or their "horchata" which is a traditional rice milk drink served cold. my friend loved this refreshing drink after his meal.you know how we could tell that this place was an authentic mexican food find? well, each and every time we went, there were customers/ diners speaking in spanish to the waitress or to the other workers behind the counter so my thought is, if they continue to come here to eat, it must be close to the real deal, don't cha think? most of the time, my crew and i were usually the ONLY asians in the place *L* which can be amusing :)also be prepared to be listening/ watching to spanish novelas while you are eating. the television is usually on when we go there which i didn't mind because novelas is my thang altho i don't understand most of it.the only complaint i have is about  their serving of salsa and chips before the meal. it's so good  (homemade i believe) but each and every time we would come back, the serving has gotten smaller and smaller =( but other than that, if you are in search for mexican food that is close to authentic on the island, i believe this is as close as you can get.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2008,12/11/2009,183,197,4,8,6>-1 star: Yes their membership card is quite useless-0.5 star: You can find majority of there items else where, but somethings I have purchased I can only find there. I mean, I am a very frequent shopper of Daiei and Shirokiya, but their selection is not as large at this certain Marukai. -0.5 star: Also, I wish they would knock down their okazu lower then just 20% off when they are close to closing. I have been there I think an hour or so till they closed and it was at 20%. I could be wrong. The places in Japan go as low as 50% off?!? Then again that's Japan, but still, what are you really going to do with the food after closing beside throw it out, or give them to your employees (which i hope they do instead of tossing them out)+1 star: For the fact that when I need to kill some time, or just wonder around this is a great place for me. They have cute little signs about popular sellers and recipes on how to use certain food items, sometimes I find myself buying something I can only understand 20% of. ha ha.
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2008,12/10/2009,440,533,4,13,7>Azul is my new favorite restaurant. I was so impressed by the quality of their food and service this past weekend.Please note that Azul is no longer a Mediterranean restaurant. Now they serve organic meats and poultry and fresh-caught local fish. They use local farmers for their produce. The best part is that it's not all trendy green hype; their food is high quality,  tastes good, and is not too expensive.Good thing we were guests of the hotel, because after dinner, I was so stuffed, I could barely waddle upstairs.We were able to get the best table on the patio outside, right by the stairs leading to the waterfall, so that we had the best view of the fishpond and gazebo. Our server, Stuart, was very professional.Both of us had the tasting menu: $45 for 3 courses. He started with the lobster bisque and I with the heirloom tomato salad. His bisque was so delicious, filled with bits of sweet lobster and drizzled with chive oil. I almost ordered another one for me. My heirloom tomato salad was perfect: slices of  yellow, red, and purple heirloom tomatoes stacked with Molokai basil, sprinkled with gorgonzola cheese, and drizzled with aged balsamic vinegar. These were the best tomatoes I'd ever eaten in Hawaii. Even when I buy heirlooms at the Farmer's market, they are still mushy and tasteless. These tomatoes were perfect. The best part was the crunchy bits of alae salt sprinkled over the tomatoes--a nice textural contrast.Intermezzo was a lychee and I think basil sorbet. It tasted like lychee.For dinner, we both had surf and turf combos with filet mignon. His came with King crab legs with drawn butter and mine with jumbo prawns in a sort of ratatouille with white truffle oil. Those prawns were indeed jumbo--they were 8-10 sized--and so sweet and delicious, they tasted like lobster. Even though there were only two on the plate, it was a good portion. His crab legs were the merus of the red Alaskan King crab and were also excellent. My petit filet was perfectly medium rare, properly aged, and delicious. Their beef is from California and is organic and hormone free.Dessert with the set menu was cheesecake topped with strawberry coulis, fresh sliced strawberries, and whipped cream. Our server noticed that I only ate the strawberries and asked if it was okay. I told him I didn't care for cheesecake and he very nicely offered me sorbet instead, which I took him up on. When we were presented with the bill, it also came with two miniature pineapple scones tied in a bag with ribbon. It was perfect for the next morning because I like to start eating as soon as I roll out of bed!Overall, I had a wonderful, memorable experience. The setting was lovely and secluded, everything I ate was fresh and delicious, the set menus were affordable, and Stuart was an attentive but not intrusive server. The rest of the menu looked so appetizing, too. I am really looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2009,12/9/2009,135,212,8,4,4>Took someone there for a dinner date a while back, and like most of you, was very intrigued by their radio commercials and location. It has a really nice atmosphere for both familia and to impress a potential love interest. White linens, clean layout and the smell of fabric softeners encompassing the room. Like the other reviewers complaining about waiting for the food, I'll admit, this is true. Our food took about 30 minutes to get to our table. Another thing to keep in mind is how your host/waitress will probably up-sell you on buying appetizers while you wait. Fine. No, I'm not talking F-I-N-E about the generous gesture of nodding in approval but rather, Sabrina's (I think) daughter (our server), who is absolutely foiyyyne! Aside from their vast and somewhat pretentious looking menu, I hate to say I paid more attention to our server than the girl I was with - as with the food, which was of course exceptional.Chef worked his magic well as I watched my date scrape her plate clean. Lucky for her appetite, dinner was on me that night. She had a seafood combination dish and I had the pesto potato balls. The calamari was really tender and marinated nicely. The breading on the squid added an extra crunch, complimenting the gooey goodness of their gnocchi. Sabrina's signature pesto sauce is a greeny creamy with just enough salt, garlic and basil to make your eyes roll and mouth sprinkle. Man, I love pesto!We shared our entrees and I remember biting through shells of grilled shrimp out of a strange nervousness. I felt everyone in there was watching us. One of them was our waitress (AKA devil seductress), with those "eyes", nose ring and long, curly brown hair. Possibly checking me out? Hah! Ill bet she does this to all the couples who eat there. Pairs of gals and guys around the room also joined in. I always thought we made a strange looking couple anyway. This collaboration made the tail end of my Sabrina's experience uncomfortable and I just had to get out! Between us both, 2 entrees and 2 sets of appetizers came out to about $45.  The service may have been slow but I can only imagine this being as authentic as the old country gets. Rustic, rich and cooked with a sh*t-load of garlic.Would I return? Yes.  With the same girl from last time? Nope.  Make it with waitress? *Crosses fingers* 3 stars Sabrinas Restaurant on Waialae
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,12/8/2009,430,319,14,24,29>I now dedicate my 200th review to my favorite O.C. resi......I can't understand how anyone could rate this place less than 5...4...even 3 stars. Out of complete respect, I would never visit another family's resting place and rate it 2 stars.With that being said, I've been coming here over the years to reflect and be still. I lived in Temple Valley next door with my daughter's father at a very young age. I was pregnant at 16, had my daughter at 17. I was always searching, still am. Whatever walk of life you lead or religion you follow, all are welcome. It feels as if you're transported to another place, another time, if only for that moment, it feels serene, you'll feel at peace. At peace with your life and decisions. I decided long ago that I would share this place with my children and hopefully with their children. I love seeing the smiles on their faces when ringing the bell, making their offering, lighting a incense, feeding the koi, and the birds. The first time my daughter was old enough to walk, I placed a couple pebbles of food in her hand and laid it flat, put her hand in mine and watched as the first little bird flew into her hand and took a nibble. Then the second, then the third. She was tickled pink, her eyes lit up as so did mine. Over the years, it's become a special place to us. Both of my daughters love coming here as do my nieces and nephews. In all the craziness in the world, it's one place we can come, reflect and be still.One of my favorite quotes is, How far you go in life depends on you being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and the strong. Because someday in life you will have been all of these. G.W.C.Be respectful and come for the photo ops,  for the beauty,  come if you're a tourist, come if you're local. Ring the bell, make an offering, light an incense, pay respect to your ancestors, feed the Koi, let the birds fly into the palm of your hand. Chase a peacock, laugh, reflect, cry. Listen to the running water, smell the fresh air, feel the mist of the Ko'olau Mountains. Look around you, what an amazing life we've been given. Transcend your mind and begin to dream. Dream Big, the worst thing is a small dream could come true. Open your mind and your heart, give less than 5 or 4 stars, I dare you.
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,12/7/2009,104,132,7,6,5>I was ready for Sasabune - I was ready to go 12 rounds, or whatever it took to get to the "anything else" victory once you've made it through all the courses.  The mantras of "trust the chef" and "no soy sauce on this, please" had been practiced, and repeated.  I had studied up on sushi etiquette, and learned that if sushi already has a sauce,  do not dip it into soy sauce as well - this all seemed common sense to me now. You're even allowed to eat sushi with your fingers.  Dammit - I'm a bonafide sushi Otaku!! I made a reservation to sit at the bar, knowing that the only option would be to have the Omakase.  I had also prepared my wife for, what would be, an introduction to the correct way to eat sushi.  We walked in and were given our seats at the bar.  Shortly after a waiter asked if we wanted to get started with some drinks.  I had already scoped out the sake list, and noticed a $35 daiginjo - yes please.  I was expecting a small bottle, but it was a 720ml size - pretty good value. Seated at the bar, we didn't receive a menu, and didn't have to say anything, until the arrival of the first dish - let the feast begin. I won't go in to detail on each sushi, but it has been commented that liberal use of ponzu and other sauces has a tendency to overpower the fish flavors, and I'll have to agree in a few cases.  I'm not sure, as has also been pointed out before, why the fish is already pre-sliced.  As I kept eating, I kept waiting for that "goddamn!" moment where I would realize that I had truly reached Sushi Nirvana, but it never really occurred.  i don't know if I had just psyched myself up for an inevitable letdown, or if this just was not the best sushi I'd ever had - either way, it didn't quite blow my mind, and I'm still trying to find out for exactly what reason.  I guess the anti-climax came when, after my wife had already thrown in the towel, and I had proclaimed that I was all in, that I was served a hand roll with blue crab filling - uuuuh, what??....  I liked it the first time, when it was served as the second dish of blue crab-filled squid...  odd, that it would be held in such high regard to make an encore appearance - even before any uni, ikura or tako had even appeared (I had to request those later) - wow, I was a little stumped, but I proudly ate it.  I thought maybe the chef was testing me out - you think I can't eat any more??..  you're wrong!...  I said I'm all in!! - gimme everything you got.  Seriously - maybe I'm losing my cool a little here, but seriously??. (that's the cause of the missing last star, btw)   I'll probably never know what that was all about - and it's not worth dwelling on.  A few other things I wasn't too excited about was the baked oyster with the cheese, and the unagi on egg (which tasted fine, but should have been served last). Altogether, I enjoyed the experience at Sasabune - but I'm not quite sold on how great this place is.  I think, conceptually, it's quite a unique experience.  The chef has created a restaurant where he can serve his masterpiece menu set for a captive audience.  It's not an old-skool,  hard-core sushi bar, but more of a fine-tuned, modern, open-ended prix-fixe menu. You could say it's a once-in-a-lifetime experience - for me, more so because I don't think I will go back, even if I could afford it.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,12/6/2009,65,50,4,9,9>I don't know much about the Korean culture, so I can't tell you what's authentic or not.  Like Meat Jhun!  Apparently it's not 'real' Korean food.  And you know how corn is an option for your banchan?  I didn't know corn was a Korean thing.Anyways, I love this Tasty's.  Okay, it's the only Tasty's I've been to, but they seriously PACK on the food!  I think it's because they're true Filipino ladies, you know the ones that always make sure everyone's well-fed, even though they're not hungry.  One regular plate has been enough to feed my sister AND her two kids.  My mom and dad always share a plate, and there's still leftovers.  For some strange reason, whenever we order from here, this ravenous monstrous feeling comes over and I feel like I can eat the whole plate by myself, stuffing my face like I haven't seen food in weeks.  It always defeats me, I usually eat only half.  (And trust me, I can eat a lot.  I've consumed an entire entree of Chili's Steak and Portabello Fajitas in one sitting.  I'm quite proud of that record lol.)  I've weighed this plate.  It comes in at over 2 pounds!Combination plates are less than $9, and they throw in this mixed vegetable tempura-looking thing that I never eat and a man doo.  I always get the Meat Jhun and Kal-Bi, but the first thing I eat is the man doo, crispy and tasty.  I have issues with their Meat Jhun.  Half the time when I bite into it, the egg coating comes off.  I've made Meat Jhun in my high school food science class, and sad to say, ours tasted better.  We probably marinated it longer though.  But their sauce is good.  It doesn't taste like just shoyu (like Yummy's in Pearlridge).  Kal-bi is always good, not too sweet, but of course nothing beats that other cut that I call King Kal-bi.And their banchan is delicious!  I've had bbq from other Korean places, and they are so generous here.  If you get sweet potato, they'll give you 4-5 pieces.  I used to go to King's BBQ in the Waimalu Shopping Center (called Ohana BBQ now), gave ONE potato, but I don't know if things have changed.  The Yummy's in Pearlridge was soaked too long, almost completely brown, with an overwhelming shoyu taste.  Their long rice is the best I've had so far.  Lots of meat and mixed vegetables, and not too saucy.  There's a reason they always run out, so get it earlier in the day, because later at night you get somen (good, but not the same).  BBQ King's one was oily.  Again, Yummy's in Pearlridge had too much shoyu taste, and there was no beef, and hardly any vegetables!I love it how these Korean places are named after synonyms for delicious.  But for a good, very reasonably priced value meal, skip the McDonald's nearby, and head here.  You'll get more than twice as much food for just a few bucks more than those burger and fries combos.
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,12/5/2009,165,267,6,4,5>After reading so many reviews about Boots & Kimo's, I was super curious to try it and see what all the hullabaloo was about. Oh wow. Portuguese sausage omelet with the ooey gooey melty swiss cheese... I am a HUGE fan of Portuguese sausage, and the stuff in this omelet was just joygasmic. So flavorful, cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside, nice and meaty inside. ARGH! I don't even like cheese, but that swiss was ridiculously good!And the macadamia nut pancakes... ZOMG. I don't mean to be obscene, but let's just say, that creamy sweet sauce combined with the fluffy soft pancakes... I would like to do naughty naughty NAUGHTY things while high off the sugar rush/food trance that results from the surreal bliss of eating it. Uh oh, this is a family program, I'd better calm down! I agree with previous reviews, it's like melted ice cream, except with crack and pieces of heaven mixed in it.Normally, I try to be a classy lady, but all manners and etiquette flew straight out the window once the food was set on the table. I made a total pig of myself, a complete BEAST, really, and it was just UGLY. It was a disgusting feeding frenzy, and once the last morsel had been scarfed down, my mind slowed down and I realized that I'd left my body just for a little while. WOW. I loved it.Can't wait to do it again.PS: Service was friendly! Smiles and all!
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,12/4/2009,676,463,5,8,8>FINALLY...we raised enough money to eat here!!!  oh, and also, i've been saving this for my 100th review :Di was so excited to come here like no other.  we had a bunch of choices for tables since it wasn't busy tonight but i was too excited to decide lol.our waiter was french and that was cool since we got the whole package.  french restaurant, french waiter...yeah.  he was great!  "voila, merci!"  love it!i've been wanting to try foie gras for a long time and i got that along with the shellfish appetizer.  my hot date didn't like the foie gras but more for me!  it was really good.  the shellfish dish was great too, the sauce was amazing.  we ordered the beef quartet and rack of lamb recommended by our waiter.  they were all delicious!  the lamb was very moist and not gamey tasting at all.  the beef quartet was super good as well.  i loved the filet.  the shortribs were good, very tender but it wasn't my kind of taste.  i wished we had room for desserts but oh wells.  there is only one problem that sticks out the most for me.  getting reservations seems to be so difficult!  they have a hard time answering their phones.  we had to call several times to get an answer -__-.  the food was a little greasy but it was still yummy nonetheless.  will definitely come back once we do another fundraiser :P
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2009,12/3/2009,169,446,10,9,6>Holy meatballs!  I was craving some comfort food and was dreaming of spaghetti and meatballs, and this place hit the spot.  The restaurant is intimate, the waitstaff friendly, and there was an older guy playing music on a keyboard which was amusing.  We ordered the half serving and it came with 2 meatballs, each seriously nearly a pound of meat each.  Surprisingly, although they were nicely browned, the meatballs were still really moist and flavorful throughout.  It was really good, and the classic spaghetti that I was looking for. I still can't get over the size of the meatballs though.  They were the biggest pair of balls I ever seen!
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,12/2/2009,12,179,6,6,5>OMFG, I died & became a Japanese actress!  Well, that's how my hair looks like anyway, thanks to Naomi.  My hair alone can easily be in the pages of JJ or Can-Can magazine.  I didn't come like this before entering Raiz.  In fact, my hair was dull, dead & very dry.  There was no shape or style.  I basically had a desert of hair on top of my head.  At first, I was a little turned off by Naomi because she was soo soft spoken, sweet & gentle.  You see, I usually had stylists that were loud and sassy, with lots of attitude wearing some piece of black leather... aka happy men.  So throughout the entire procedure, I was preparing myself to be disappointed.  But, when the whole process was over, she transformed me into Cinderella.  On top of that, the massages are amazing, I used all my control not to fall asleep.  I got massaged on my scalp, behind the ears, neck & shoulders.  It's amazing what strong & mighty hands comes out of this petite Naomi.  It's $60 a haircut.  It took about an hour & a half.  This is great value considering you get an amazing hair transformation, intense scalp massage & you get to read the latest Japanese fashion magazines.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2009,12/1/2009,226,141,15,70,22>Aloha!! As someone who lives 5 minutes from Hanauma Bay, and visit with guests regularly, I want to give you a few tips.THE PRICE YOU HAVE TO PAY: As of earlier this year (2009), admission is $7.50, not $5. Parking is $1. But..can you complain? No..I didn't think so. It's probably the cheapest attraction in Hawaii (besides the numerous free beaches).  Yes, locals are free, but think of it this way, we subsidize it already, whether we go or not (with our tax dollars). LOCAL SECRET (exhibit A): There is a spot to the far right (while looking at the water) where the beach is practically deserted, there is a grassy area, a less crowded rest room and even areas of black sand. If you are looking at getting away from the crowds, head west young (wo)man.KEEP IT REEF: Please don't step on the reef. It helps keep the bay healthy and alive..we'd all like it to be around for generations to come..right? If you aren't sure if its reef or not, here is a surefire way to tell: is it sand? If not, its probably reef. HEY, HOWARD HUGHES: Staff Infection in the water. Are you kidding me?! Did you know you probably have staff on your skin already? Despite thousands (millions?) of tourists per year the water here is some of the cleanest in the country! If you think the WATER is dirty...you should wash your hands, wash your feet, then wash your hands..if your too OCD to enjoy the beaches, stay in your room, but please don't scare everyone else.  NEAR (by) GEAR: It's true, the gear isn't the cheapest here, but you know..with a little pre-planning you can address that.  If you are going to be in Hawaii for a while, you can rent snorkel gear from SCUBA Bob's or stop at the Longs in Hawaii Kai (on the way) and buy your own gear for cheap. LOCAL SECRET (exhibit B): 1X or 2X/month depending on the time of year, you can snorkel at night! Life on the reef is totally different at night and it is AMAZING. It sounds scary..but do it. It's super cool. Lights and gear are available for rental. Check with the park for dates. TURTLES (Hanu). If you want to see turtles, you can head past the reef and you'll almost certainly see them. Please don't harass them, they are endangered species and special to the Hawaiian people and Islands. Ask the lifeguard before heading past the reef, especially in the summer, the currents can be quite strong. A CRAZY WILDLIFE. Enjoy the fish.. Its one of the few places in the world that you will see aquatic life this diverse in one spot. Its like swimming in a fish tank, which is an experience most people have to SCUBA to experience. Back on the beach..feed the pigeons at your own risk..they will FLOCK to you and they are waaaaay more aggressive than the fish...not to mention way dirtier (hear that OCD?)PARKING PROBS Yep. It's a pain. I suggest getting their very early OR after 1pm. You can have a beautiful afternoon at the bay and the crowd thins out (a little) after lunch. If you go and parking is full, head into Hawaii Kai and shop and eat for a few. Its only a few minutes away. DETAILS, DETAILS, DETAILS: The park is closed on Tuesdays and is CASH only. Food is limited (but available at the top). Consider packing a small cooler (you can get a soft cooler at ABC stores). There is a trolley to take down and up (if you'd like). Enjoy Hanauma Bay. It's a great experience for any visitor.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,11/30/2009,341,83,5,12,10>Thank goodness for Korean-run Japanese joints.  At 2:00 pm on a Sunday afternoon, all the REAL japanese restaurants take a midday siesta or something.  We drove all around town looking for a place....Yagura, Yusura, Utage, plus two others that I don't know the names....all closed!  Thankfully Kikuya (which happens to be the closest one to home!) stays open from 11:00 am till 10:00 pm daily.The "Lunchbox" is a great deal for $9.95:salted cabbage, pickled cabbage, fried salmon skin, miso soup, white rice, green salad, shrimp tempura, miso butterfish, and sashimi (salmon, ahi, hamachi)!The shrimp tempura was the highlight....a large shrimp coated in golden tempura with lots of crunchy, wispy bits of batter that have been fried to a crisp!  We also had the soft-shell crab, though it was just so-so.Did I give this place an extra star because we were STARVING and DESPERATE by the time we found it?  Probably.  oh well...
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2009,11/29/2009,94,245,8,9,7>I love surprises; and this place serves up some surprising flavors.I don't exactly know why there are so many terminally bad to mediocre Thai places in Hawaii.  With such a strong Southeast Asian connection in Hawaii, one might make the conclusion that this wasn't the case: but sadly it seems that Hawaii is cursed.  When I heard of this place, I was hoping that it would be my savior in a sea of insipidity masked in coconut milk.  Thankfully, this place did do just that.We got to the restaurant right before they were gonna close up before dinner: always a questionable time regarding the quality of your meal.  We decided to order a few dishes; all of which came out in a very timely fashion.  We ordered the Crying Tiger steak salad; the Drunken Master (a type of stir fry of veggies and our choice of chicken); fried Quail (lightly crispy wings); and a Mussamum Beef Curry (one of my fave Thai dishes).  The food looked very unassuming, but the flavors were incredible.  I was very impressed that despite the place was getting ready to close, the food was brought out fast; and that the food was still excellent.I was very shocked at the amount of flavors that were in these deceptively simple looking dishes.  It reminds me of the caliber of Thai food that Hawaii is missing: Very humble food yet containing complex vibrant flavors.  Out of our meal, I'd have to say that I liked the Mussamun Curry and the Crying Tiger steak salad the most; probably for the same reason.  The Mussamun Curry had deliciously rich and varied flavors.  The Crying Tiger salad had this really explosive flavor in the steak (and the steak was cooked perfectly by the way).  With both seemingly simple dishes, the flavors did come as a welcome shock to the senses.  All the dishes had this deceptive quality, and I am definitely looking forward to coming back here many more times.The best Thai in Hawaii; This is what Thai food should be.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,11/28/2009,94,67,6,6,7>When they first opened up, hardly anyone would venture in there... Now, dang, there's a long wait during lunch on the weekdays and I hate calling in an order unless it's your typical maki mono roll/cali roll/ebi/tamago blah blah blah platter that you don't give a crap about just as long as you bought your share to the potluck.   This place blows Kozo, Aloha, Genki (well their spicy ahi is different from Ninja but that is the only thing that I like there), and yes, KuruKuru (I just love correcting my hubby when he mispronounces it!).  Always judge your sushi from the quality of their rice and how fresh their fish is.  Right away, I could tell that this place didn't mess around when it came to their rice and I aint talking about Hinode!  And their ahi, fresh, fresh, fresh!  This is great spicy ahi and once you try it, you will be addicted to it.  What I like even better is that if you feel like you don't want to overindulge (my sis and I call it FF moments- for fat f*ck) in a spicy ahi  (oh the horror) set or a full on Tiger or Dragon maki, you can go for the chibi size spicy ahi donburi.  Cheap, cheap, cheap but quality rates up there. Now this is what I am going to miss when we move back to Maryland next year. My friends up there in MD would take me to a sushi bar (sounds so retro) and say, hey - Hawaiian Girl (I'm not Hawaiian, I'm Asian, but that's a different story, lol) this is the bomb ass sushi... Come to find out, rice is hard, taste funky and rolls taste like ass or chlorine (come on people, you do know that you need mirin/rice vinegar to flavor your sushi rice, right?). I'm like, peeps, you really don't know what you guys are missing...No wonder you guys need to drown it in wasabi and soy sauce (btw - no such thing as "shoyu" on the East Coast, I dare you to ask for it at a Japanese restaurant and let's bet the server will say, WTF?)   Getting back to the subject (sorry Adult ADD moment).. In my opinion, the difference between Genki and Ninja's spicy ahi sushi is that when you taste a Genki spicy ahi piece, it bites you (sorry, that's the only way I can describe it, lol - but it's a good bite) and the ahi chunks from Genki are quite large (not poke large, lol).  Ninja, its mellow. Smaller or maybe fine chunks of ahi. Also, I guess the only word that comes to mind for their spicy ahi is creamy. Creamy? Try it and you'll see what I mean!  This is great take out sushi, just order it when you get there, it's worth the wait.  Also the Tiger Roll is sooo good, if you can finish this in one setting, you will be set for lunch and dinner. Fresh, hot shrimp tempura, their spicy ahi, what more can a sushi monger want?  And come on, "Ninja" just sounds cool. And their Ninja mascot is just so kawai.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,11/27/2009,139,416,17,20,15>The Nuuanu Y is a great place to work out.  Why?1. It's not a meat market pick-up joint disguised as a gym.2. Too young to drink?  It's okay, you're here to work out.3. Old enough (like me) to join AARP?  It's okay, you're here to work out.4. There are plenty of classes for adults from Tai Chi to Yoga to Aikido.5. There are plenty of classes for kids from swimming to Hula to Karate.6.  They open early in the morning so you can exercise before work.7.  It's very convenient to the freeway and to downtown.8.  Not a bunch of "posers" walking around making loud grunting noises.9.  The staff at the front desk are  friendly and professional.10. Nobody cares how you look or sweat when you work out.The only negative is the price, which is a bit steep for a person of modest means.  But perhaps that keeps out some who are just looking for a pick-up scene.Like the Central YMCA, this one has an executive men's locker room that you pay extra for.  I have no idea what you get for the extra cash--maybe cocktails with pink umbrellas in them?  A massage?  Or perhaps just the distinction of having to enter a special code in the door, to keep the "commoners" like me from coming in!
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,11/26/2009,82,160,4,11,9>Years ago, I often dreamt of becoming a pastry chef and opening my own little bake shop.  Then again, I'd probably eat 1/2 of the stuff I made...so maybe I'll just keep it as a side hobby.Bakery Manoa is great!  They open super early and you can see them diligently making their yummy treats.  However, keep in mind that they are closed on Monday and Tuesdays.I like their savory pastries the most.  Here's some of my favorites:Ham Parmesan - bread roll with ham and cheese on the inside and a dusting of Parmesan on the top.  Garlic France - French roll with garlic, drizzled with mayonnaise. Bacon Asparagus -bread roll with bacon-wrapped asparagus.. Mmm................and some others I tried:Tuna roll was okay.  Kinda like Panya'sBacon epi - I think "epi" is a type of baguette.. so it's supposed to be a little chewy.  It looks really cool, like a vine and it has bacon inside.  For me, it was a little too hard to bite into.Also tried the Manoa Rain doughnut and it just okay.  Sorry, I like Krispy Kreme's better.  Well, overall, I'm very satisfied and this bakery leaves me wanting more.  The first time I went, I bought only 1 or 2 things and it was freaking amazing.  So I went back the next day to try a whole box.  Well, it was meant to be shared with my family... but needless to say, only 1/2 of it made it home ;-)**There are some tiny drawbacks, like the ham and parmesan can get a little oily from all that cheese.  And it is a little pricey.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2009,11/25/2009,295,401,17,20,19>Who's up for a quick happy hour at 9PM?!? Me!! I came here with some friends on a Thursday night to enjoy a bright cocktail with a contemporary vibe in the background. Panya has three components: self serve bakery, eatery and bar. The bakery has fresh pastries, breads and refrigerated desserts that offer a quick bite to carry with you. All of them are pretty good especially when you need an extra boost of energy for your shopping excursion. I've ordered takeout from here and what stands out is the baked pork chop with egg fried rice and tomato sauce ($17). Huge breaded pieces of pork sitting on top of a bed of the fried rice. The tomato sauce perfectly compliments the dish. Since I have "oilphobia",  the meal was surprisingly not too greasy! On my last occasion, I came at 9PM where they offered a happy hour menu until closing. The green apple martini ($5) caught my eye and it did not disappoint. When they served it, I noticed there was real grated apple in my cocktail. I didn't feel so guilty since I was drinking real fruit too!! The liquor ratio was fine but I could have used another one (or two!). Panya is located in the Ala Moana Shopping Center closer to Genki Sushi and the popular Victoria's Secret. Good service with a diverse menu. The happy hour menu offers a few signature drinks and pupus which really makes it a good value. The decor is contemporary/modern and clean. Eat, drink and go shopping!
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2008,11/24/2009,478,91,17,21,25>HISTORICAL YELP NOTE:11/24/2009 - This little mochi review  became the very-very-FIRST-ever ROTD for the STATE OF HAWAII.... **"That's one step for Yelp, one giant leap for Yelp-Kine..."  ** (Aweswomeness, and THANKFUL that Honolulu got its first community manager (EMI) - bringing the island to the next Yelp level with a yelp website with full features finally!============================== ===================================RJR - Issue # 66  Mochi Cream - Don't U Stop - Mochi Cream - Sh-Boogie Bop Edition ============================== ===================================Now I've tried Mochi "Ice" Cream all over the west coast...But since living on this rock, in the middle of the ocean, I've heard of a little place that has a "slightly different variant" of this delectable Japanese sweet treat known asMOCHI CREAMmmmm...So of course, curiosity got to me and we found our way to Shirokiya's at Ala Moana Shopping Center - Where inside, you will find an independent vendor counter near one of entrances called:  Japanese Sweets Deli - Mochi Cream. Now these mochi are slightly frozen, and inside the palm-size treats they offer a multitude of sweet cream fillings that are paraded and showcased in a splendor of colors.So of course, I had to give it a go and order one...~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~STOREFRONT static.px.yelp.com/bphot…VIEW 1  static.px.yelp.com/bphot…VIEW 2  static.px.yelp.com/bphot…VIEW 3  static.px.yelp.com/bphot…VIEW 4  static.px.yelp.com/bphot…VIEW 5 static.px.yelp.com/bphot…VIEW 6 static.px.yelp.com/bphot…~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~So what did I think?  Well after one bite of the Chocolate Banana, I had to order another...The mochi cream is very light, enhanced with a flavored cream filling with the bean paste...Whereas on the other hand, mochi ice cream is flavored ice cream without the bean paste.   And wow, it makes a sweet tasty creamy difference...something new...something cool...something for all to try...So in short - Mochi Cream? - I dig it!Now each time that I'm on walkabout at Ala Moana Shopping Center., I got to stop by & try one new flavor.  Hope you enjoy them too!  And by all means, bring some friends & share them...*TAKE NOTE*  - This place is inside Shirokiya's on the first floor near Macy's and Starbucks Coffee.  - It's no Crispy Cream or Pink Berry sensation yet...So there are no long  lines - just step right up and order up!  - WEBSITE:  mochicream.com
