<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,1/1/2014,8,6,,5,2>We went in on a Thursday evening to use the Groupon that we had purchased.  We absolutely loved the atmosphere and the whole vibe of the Zin Room.  Our server was great.  When we explained that it was our first time there, he reccommended several selections.  The bacon wrapped dates were amazing.  My only complaint is that I wish there were more of them!  We had the Beef Wellington and the Chicken Oscar.  The chef's vegetables were seasoned perfectly and the Chicken Oscar was one of my favorites.  While nothing was wrong with the wellington persay, it just wasn't our taste.  The pastry was just slightly underdone, but it didn't bother us too much.  While I'm a sucker for mushrooms, the demi glaze was just a bit overpowering, and the dish felt a bit messy with the steak, proscuitto, pastry and sauce all together.  The steak itself was cooked perfectly and very tender.  We had the carrot cake for dessert and it was by far the best carrot cake I had ever had.  The wine list was very reasonable for a place of that nature.  Our server is normally a bartender and we may be so inclined to stop back and visit the bar as he was very personable.  There were many dishes on that menu that we would go back to try.  We don't get downtown too often, but when we do, the Zin Room will now be one of the places on our list.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,12/31/2013,13,4,,2,1>Taxi's is my favorite brunch joint in Omaha. My girlfriends and I like to come in on a Saturday morning and do brunch at the bar with mimosa's. I have yet to be anything but extremely happy with the food at Taxi's. Not only is the food great, but the vibe is excellent and the staff are funny and friendly. We always get some really great chats going with the bartenders and end up staying for more than a few hours.Don't miss out on anything covered in their delectable hollandaise sauce. My mouth is watering. I am a Taxi's regular and I don't see that changing anytime soon. Try it, love it, never look back.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,12/30/2013,1,12,,3,1>This is an updated review for B8. I've been seeing Kelly here for almost a year now & I'm still very happy! Most recently I had Kelly take my longer bob to a full crop with heavy bangs & it looks fab. After my appt I went up the road to Whole Foods & within 10 minutes had two strangers tell me my hair looked amazing! They've also gotten a new brow gal named Laura & I've been super pleased with her as well. She is very attentive & does a wonderful job. I love the convenience of booking brow & hair all in one appt as I'm a busy mom w young kiddos. Come here! You will love it!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,12/29/2013,26,33,1,3,2>I have to imagine that any Children's Museum is going to be a good time ... if you're a child. But how do they entertain the older set required by law to watch their kids?Massive. Room. O. Balls.Yes. One of the year-round exhibits is an enormous room full of brightly colored toy balls and every which way you can conceive of vaulting them across the room, bouncing them on top of your head and plinko-ing them into the correct hole to do it all over again (and yes, I just turned Plinko into a verb. You're welcome. It should have been done years ago). My 15-month-old had the time of his life chasing down the balls and mom and dad had just as much fun figuring out the best place to put them. (NOTE: I didn't take any pictures in the ballroom .. I was too busy playing. It's THAT fun)The rest of the museum is all well and good (art room, water table, blocks, climbing stuff, etc.) and of course the banks of toddler-sized buttons (OH! THE BUTTONS!) to be pushed.  The one downside: expense. Entry is $9/person ... including anyone over 2. Yes, you can save by becoming a member - but if you don't plan to come more than twice a year, it's possibly still too expensive to justify.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,12/28/2013,26,56,,4,1>I have really enjoyed going to this bowling alley. There are a lot of regulars who are pretty darn good, but they don't make fun of my lack of knowledge. They are quite friendly and I've even gotten a few good pointers when I've asked! There is a large bar and I know that is a huge plus for most. For me, I am just glad it doesn't make the place feel like a sleazy bar. The place is very clean and everyone extremely nice. It's not the largest bowling alley I've seen and the parking could be a bit better, but the homey, friendly atmosphere makes up for those small negatives.No kids were in the bowling alley when I've gone, but my husband took my son once and it didn't seem too awkward for him. They also have some video games and one of my favorite games where you can match up blocks to win something.Generally, we've liked this place for date nights.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,12/27/2013,0,3,,1,2>The food was great.  We started off with the Bruchetta which was the way to go.  My ordered the scallops and I  had the Braised Beef Short Ribs.  Both were cooked to perfection.  We finished off with the Apple Pear Crisp with Ice Cream.  Excellent once again.  Ryan's has an extensive wine list as well, which made my wife happy.  The only downside I would have to say is the place is small and tends to get noisy.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,12/26/2013,9,8,,5,1>I went here for dinner on a Tuesday night. It is incredibly close to my house but I have been avoiding it for a multitude of reasons. One being that I am picky about Mexican food, I detest cheese, and they always look so so so busy. They were very busy for a Tuesday but they have a ton of tables and we were seated immediately. The first thing that stood out to me about Cilantro's  was complimentary chips and salsa already set up for us at our table. I went with two other adults and a baby and we each got out own salsa cup, even the kid !The second thing that really stood out to me was the service. Cilantro's had the BEST service I have ever had. Period. I've done fine dining, I've eaten in big cities, small towns, and this was the BEST service ever. Our drinks and food came very quickly. Our waitress checked in often but didn't lurk and checked with the chef on my special order and came back to confirm it. Another waitress saw us giving our daughter a bite off a fork and brought us a spoon and some extra napkins.The food: I LOVE their beans ! I hate the mushy, tasteless pile of stuff some places give you. Cilantro's has real black beans, seasoned well but not overly so. They were perfectly cooked too. The rice was flavorful and cooked well. I ordered the vegetarian tacos on corn tortillas with no cheese or sour cream. They were great; cooked and seasoned well, and a myriad of different veggies. My husband had already eaten dinner so he only got the guacamole. I thought it was pretty good but I am a guacamole snob. It was fresh and tasted good but I like it a bit spicy and it wasn't very spicy to me. My brother in law got a chicken quesadilla which he said had incredible shredded chicken in it. They also included a little corn ball ( probably not the technical name?) and it was amazing.Overall. The prices were reasonable, the service was outstanding, they had a clean and comfortable dining room, and I will definitely go back and recommend it to friends. They have a lovely patio too. The only con I found was the salsa and guacamole, while incredibly flavorful, fresh, and tasty, could be spicier for me but I can get over that. Cilantro's is a winner in my book.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,12/25/2013,54,139,,4,2>Our children brought us here for our wedding anniversary on a Friday night. We had reservations for 7:45 and when we arrived we were seated immediately.We had a bottle of wine, a Reisling, it was about $30.00. We then ordered appetizers,  the pork slider tacos and the calamari. Both were very good especially the slider tacos. My husband and I both ordered the Beef filet medallions, it does not come with a salad, that is extra, although it does come with 1 side.The medallions were wonderful,  each was topped with a different topping. One with sauted mushrooms,  one with a spinach mixture, and a crab stuffing. The filets were tender,  juicy,  and full of flavor. This was plenty of food for me but would not have been for my hubby,  so thankfully he had ordered the Caesar salad, which also was very good.They are a little pricey but well worth it.It is a little small place with a great atmosphere!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/24/2013,5,11,,3,3>Best and almost only place for post-bar chicken nachos! I'm not huge on tequila, but the authentic Mexican is amazing!! Great friendly service also! The bar tenders and cooks have good suggestions if you are not sure what to order! Also, the food is so cheap and great quality!!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,12/23/2013,2,19,,2,2>Love this restaurant. Food is flavorful and fresh. Brown stew chicken is melt in your mouth savory. How some cabbage with a few carrots can taste so good, I don't know but it is yummy. The plantains are excellent. Beans and rice very tasty. My brother had the jerk ribs which were sweet and hot. Tried the oxtail was was great also. Pineapple daiquiri was small but made with fresh pineapple and strong. The only thing I didn't like was the rum runner. I could have run my car on it. But overall fantastic experience.  Glad to give my money to a family run business instead of a corporation. And you can pick up some jewelry, hot sauce or cute hats at the little shop while you wait. One criticism is they should turn off the TV's and play music. If I want to eat and watch tv I can stay at home. Too many Omaha restaurants have an abundance of tv.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,9/10/2014,35,5,4,7,4>This is probably my favorite place in Dundee!I love how simple Amsterdam is! Small menu, either Kabob or Falafel in the form of a salad or sandwich, no fountain machine either (they do have canned soda), and curry fries. The restaurant itself is rather simple, only having about five tables, making this a great place to grab to go food. It's a very open place, being that you can oversee the whole kitchen, and being said, the customer service is super chill and super friendly!I always order the Kabob sandwich when I go (which is literally every week). They have three sauces to go along with the sandwich, but I always get the chili sauce and garlic and herb, which is the most similar to tzatziki sauce which normally goes with the traditional gyro. To top it all off, I get an order of curry fries and even if you aren't a curry fan, the spice is subtle enough to enjoy, but isn't overwhelming. Prices are great for how much you get with your order and this place has never been a letdown. Only downfall is being that they are open late on weekends, they tend to attract an obnoxious crowd.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,9/9/2014,26,8,,3,3>Heard about this place from a friend and decided to try it. Had a Catfish fillet dinner and my friend had a Buffalo fish dinner. The fish was excellent on both dinners!!! The sides were just so-so...like they were trying NOT to offend anyone's particular palate. The prices. $11.75 and $10.50 respectively, were pretty reasonable. Overall, I will return but will only get the fish SANDWICHES without the sides.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,9/8/2014,11,10,,2,2>Me and my girlfriend went there this last week and it was a great experience.  Food:We got the date night package, which I would recommend to anyone.  It consists of an App to slip, a salad and entree for each of you, and a dessert to split.  You can also include a bottle of wine for $20.  I think it's $58 without the wine, and $78 with it.  I'd go the wine again. For our appetizer we got the mussels, which were great, especially for being in Nebraska.  They were extremely flavorful, and soaked/steamed in what looked like a butter sauce.   I'd also recommend the goat cheese salad over the house, it was delicious.  They have a balsamic reduction that is to die for.  For the entree I got the salmon, and she got the American Kobe Flat Iron.  Both were cooked to perfection. You honestly can't go wrong with either.  For dessert we got the bread pudding, which was hands down the best I've ever had.  I'd go back there for that allow.  The portions aren't huge, but they don't need to be since you get so much food throughout the whole meal. It leaves you just enough room for every aspect of the meal.  Service:Initially we had a reservation, but they didn't have a table for us, so they sat us at the bar.  At first I was kinda disappointed, but the bartender and the couple next to us were awesome.  The best part about the bar was watching him make the drinks.  I decided to get a Buffalo Negra, which is made with a balsamic reduction, a sugar cube, basil, and bourbon.  It was incredibly refreshing, and quite delicious.  My girlfriend, who doesn't like bourbon, or anything like it, thoroughly enjoyed it too.  They also comp'd me the drink since they sat us at the bar. While I don't know if I'd shell out the cash for the entrees outside of the date menu, I'd absolutely go back for the date menu and overall atmosphere.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,9/7/2014,21,14,2,2,2>I tried this restaurant upon the recommendation of several friends from India. It exceeded my expectations.1. The food was all delicious and amazing quality of ingredients. 2. It had excellent service and very friendly staff. I did not order the buffet but instead ordered straight from the menu. Based on other Yelp reviews, I expected to order and wait an hour for my food. This was not the case, it came within 15 minutes. Expect your food to be made fresh and with care. This isn't an establishment where you should expect to dine and dash. Enjoy your meal and savor the wait time conversation.I would equate the dinning experience to Gyro of Legacy, Thai Spice near 114th, or Gusto's Cuban Cafe. These places have brand new buildings and try to add atmosphere to an otherwise sterile retail space. Each is operated by their owner and take pride in their business. Food is their passion.Paradise has earned my recommendation because of their emphasis on quality of ingredients and excellent service.I will be back to try the buffet. I am looking forward to the opportunity to sample foods I have not tried before.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,9/6/2014,45,57,4,7,7>First time!Wow let me just say that this place will blow your socks off...The menu is perfect size for accommodating every taste buds needs, I tried the 9.00$ THE CURE sandwich and made the right first choice sandwich. This sandwich had so much flavor, i probably could have eaten two of these.I seriously wanted to try something eles. ITS GOOD real GOOD.The popcorn is out of this world too.  The head chef is a local gent and sure knows how to put a smile on your face when your eating his delicious FOOD. Thanks again. Ill come again soon
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,9/5/2014,105,425,2,9,4>This food truck is in my hood but for some reason it took a tip from Sarah G for me to find it. The food was awesome and the people are very nice. I ordered two shrimp tacos and a fish ceviche tostada. Both were absolutely delicious.They have a area set up by the truck with tables and chairs and there is a kwik shop really close to grab that tall boy of Modelo to wash it all down.This place is a real gem and one of the few places to good good ceviche in this town.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2014,9/4/2014,43,27,1,5,4>We tried this place with some friends, and were pleasantly surprised. They have a toddler and the place was pretty full, so we went to the seemingly deserted outdoor seating area so she could run free without bothering anyone.  The area would be really nice in the summer (it was a little chilly when we were there) with a raised wooden patio-like area and a window where you can easily order and grab your food without going inside. The wings were the highlight. I would go back just for the zing wings--they're perfectly sweet and spicy. The desert wings were a little dry and underseasoned.My friend's burger looked pretty good, and my husband enjoyed the Mike's special. The fried cauliflower were disappointing, and the cheesesticks weren't very hot. On the plus side, they made me one of the best and BIGGEST amaretto and cokes I've ever had. Next time I'll try the chicken philly and see what it's like inside.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,9/3/2014,39,76,1,4,4>Skip the chicken but say yes to the al pastor and chorizo!Great food, and polite and friendly service. This is a food truck so the speed is dependent on how long of line they have, but it is worth the wait. The shredded pork torta was good, but I thing their tacos were better. Chicken is ok, if a bit flavorless, same with the shredded pork. The marinated pork (al pastor) had a great sweet/smoky/chile flavor and the chorizo had even more of a pepper punch but a little on the greasy side.Burritos, enchiladas and quesadillas are also available and I agree the green salsa is the best and goes great with everything.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,9/2/2014,42,55,3,8,8>We live in Elkhorn. Block 16 is downtown. It's worth the drive.The food here taste like upscale street food, but served in disposable paper food trays. Completely unpretentious, completely awesome.We first devoured B16 when one of my foodie friends referred us here on a date night. You walk into an unassuming store front and quaint interior, totally oblivious to what's about to happen to your mouth. I've had a bunch of specials, the regular B16 burger, and the pulled pork sandwich. All fantastic! I'm quite sure you can't go wrong with anything on their menu.Make sure to like their Facebook page for daily specials.Awesome. Now I want some B16.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,9/1/2014,41,51,5,8,5>So here's the deal. If you like traditional Vietnamese food and are used to the typical hole in the wall joints with sticky tables, metal containers with all the utensils and very little explanation of what's actually in that bowl of deliciousness in front of you, this may be too "pedestrian" for you.Saigon Bowl does its best to widen the appeal of their food by making it feel more like a chipotle experience. You, American Diner, get to pick EVERY SINGLE item that goes into your meal down to the crispy scallions and herbs. This adds a considerable amount of anxiety (and time) to the ordering process for someone who has no idea what they're doing. I appreciate the idea of choices, but this is something that slows the process way down, especially since they cook your food fresh.Portions are a little bit on the skimpy side compared to the traditional places, but they are more than adequate.I ordered the grilled pork with peanut and house dipping sauce (ie: fish sauce) and all of the toppings plus an egg roll to shoot for a traditional Bun thit cha gio. It was solid, but had some things in it I wouldn't bother with next time, like the wok tossed veggies. The pork was tasty, toppings fresh and overall quite good.Work out the ordering process, keep the food good and you'll do just fine in this 'hood.I'll be back to try the Pho.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,11/10/2013,50,126,,2,2>Wow and yum. If you feel like indulging in some old school fatty, sugary ice cream (you know the good stuff) in some classic as well as creative flavors-- go here!Gets busy around 8pm in the summer, but the line moved fast-- and it's totally worth that 10-15 min wait.Also something that has always intrigued me but I have yet to try: coffee or a cappuccino floats. As a coffee lover, this sounds damn awesome if I'm about to start a long night out down in old market
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,11/9/2013,1,14,,4,2>After moving to Omaha from Boston, the hubby and I have had quite a time finding restaurants that we really enjoy. We've been to Lot 2 several times, and each time it is a great experience. The food is top notch, the ambience is perfect- not overly fancy but not a dive bar either, and the prices are incredibly reasonable for the quality of food you get. It's a perfect date spot. It's not the largest place, so reservations are a good idea, especially for Sunday brunch, which is amazingly delicious. When friends come in town we'll be taking them here to show them how rad Omaha can be!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,11/8/2013,0,7,3,1,2>I'm definitely a fan of Amsterdam, but I just wish there wasn't such a long wait every single time I'm in there. I've never once walked in and walked out in less than 20 minutes, so plan for that.One good thing is that sometimes if you're going to Dundee for drinks, they'll deliver the food to another bar. Not sure if there's a specific time that they do that, or if it's restricted only to Beer & Loathing (where I was), but I liked not having to sit outside while I was waiting.Minus one star for the wait and the sandwiches being really, really messy to eat.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,11/7/2013,60,21,,5,1>From the outside, Lalibela is very unfortunately easy to miss, at the corner of the street. Very nondescript from the outside, it looks like it could almost be another one of Omaha's ghostly abandoned restaurants, but when you turn into the parking lot and walk in, the place is alive and friendly.Super friendly staff - love them - Amanda, and the owner who is also the cook - I wish I could remember her name, but they are both full of energy and zeal for customer service. One thing I noted that is different than most Ethiopian places I've been to (in California) is that instead of family-style serving, everyone gets their own plate of injera with their order on it. They are also more than happy to offer a fork or spoon if picking your food up with your hands just isn't for you. I  think for most people who haven't been exposed to Ethiopian food, those have been the two major things that turned them off, so they have gotten past that with their own style.The atmosphere is very, very casual with some great Ethiopian decor, and television somewhat quietly posting its videos of Ethiopian music & dance culture in the corner. There is also always what I call a tea altar set up in the corner farthest from the door, which is nice to be exposed to, as I have had Ethiopian neighbors & friends in the past that did the same in their homes, and it is comforting to have it.Bottom line: VERY casual, very friendly, good food, recommended highly :)
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,11/6/2013,3,14,,2,2>Went to Dario's for another fantastic meal last night. The food is fantastic and quite different form all other restaurants in town. Last night I had the short ribs which were slow cooked for 36 hours. That's what you call dedication!  The beer selection is fantastic. The beers are all Belgian and Trappist based, which are unbelievable in variety. If you have no knowledge or experience in this area then the waitress will help guide you and you will not be disappointed.  Last and certainly not least, the wait staff is top notch, their training is top notch and they enjoy and excel in their role. It's a wonderful experience every time we eat at Dario's.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,11/5/2013,10,35,1,4,3>Without question the best steak I have ever had in Omaha. Better than any of the "prime beef" joints in Omaha. Our filets were cooked to medium rare perfection and seasoned just right. My fiancé told me to "stop smiling like an idiot" while I slowly chewed my first bite. Expensive but excellent and varying wine list. Great bread, salads and large baked potato. Our waiter was helpful and appeared seemingly out of nowhere when we needed something. Best $300 I've spent in a long time. Two long hours of pure joy.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,11/4/2013,54,368,,3,2>I do love a milk stout...a good one is hard to find, especially in Omaha. So how excited was I when we dropped in for dinner on a Tuesday night to give their reuben a go only to find out the Pint Night special was Odell's new chocolate milk stout?! Reuben, beer, fried dill pickle chips, fries, service - all a win. Pre-Creighton basketball game, it gets a bit crowded and parking can be a bit tricky, but completely worth the search for parking space and wait for a table.Left with a full belly, left overs to cover my next day's lunch and a couple of pint glasses to add to my collection of glasses in the freezer.Yay for the Moon!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,11/3/2013,39,76,,2,1>Maru still is a great place for lunch or dinner.My husband and I were in the area, so we stopped by here for lunch.  We tried out two Korean lunch specials we hadn't tried before the Hye-Dup Bab and Chab-Chae.  We started out with Bindae-duk, two medium sized fried pancakes stuffed with soybeans, veggies and meat.  Great hot-sweet dunking sauce, and would've gone well with some beer or soju. The entrees were great.  I really liked the sashimi salad that is the Hye-Dup Bab, tons of tuna, salmon, yellowtail and krab, all mixed in with rice, salad and sesame oil and chili sauce.  It is kind of the cold alternative to the Bibimbab.  The Chab-Chae noodles were nice and peppery without having very much sauce, and the lunch portion was plenty with some leftovers, and did come with side dishes.Still one of my favorite restaurants in town.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,11/2/2013,51,901,6,8,4>This place is for real. The only thing that could have been improved upon was the air conditioning... yes, I realize that I may be more critical of this than others, but it was legitimately hot, humid and generally uncomfortable in the restaurant when the temperature outside was above 80. I shudder to imagine what it's like in here when it's 90 and humid. But the temperature would have been a whole other story had the food not also been on the higher end of the spice scale. Ordering a dish on a spice factor scale of 1-10 isn't really anything new to me. At other restaurants I think the highest I've gone before on, say, a dish of pad thai, was maybe around 8. I like spice and spicy foods, but not to excess. A more usual order for me is a 4-6. In BWW terms (sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/h…), I'd compare my 'usual' order to Asian Zing or Thai Curry. And an 8 to the burn of a mango habanero. Anyway, here I ordered a green papaya salad (6) and pork pad thai (4).Bill, on the other hand, likes things a little hotter... he'll routinely eat at the 7-10 end of the scale. But when he tried to order his meal as a 10, our waitress actually talked him out of it. This caused the rest of us to second-guess our orders, but we stayed the course.Starting with the fried meatballs and spring rolls allowed us to sample opposite (but both equally delectable) ends of the appetizer spectrum. The meatballs were dense, the breading was crispy, and the spring rolls were bursting with uber-fresh vegetables. And then the burning began.Thank god I also had a Thai iced tea, because that (4) pad thai was even a little spicier than I'd maybe want... the crushed peppers dumped on top contributing most of the heat. And the (6) salad was too hot for me to eat. So lesson learned, the scale here is a little different. Next time I might try a 2 or 3 across the board but there will be a next time... and a time after that... and a time after that. Great food, and a nice grocery to stock up on curry paste, durian, spices, prawn chips, whatever else, right next door.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,11/1/2013,105,425,3,10,1>I went here expecting to be let down since these are the same owners as Blatt but I was pleasantly surprised. This place reminds me of Kansas City - the interior looks great.Started with a cocktail and I gotta say they make a great Old Fashioned here. Next up was the wedge salad and it was THE BEST wedge salad I have ever had. For my entree I ordered oysters rockefeller off the app menu and they were outstanding. The bacon they use in the salad and the rockefeller is beyond great. My gf ordered a burger and it was mediocre. I realize this is a seafood restaurant but if you are going to put a burger on your menu please do it right and put some effort in it.Even after the let down of the burger I still feel this is a five star place.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,9/20/2014,7,44,,2,2>The chocolate covered orange peels are absolutely amazing! We literally make a trip to the old market just so I can pick up some! Everything at the Old Market Candy Shop is delicious and I love that you can watch them make it fresh right in the store. You know that what you are getting is freshly made and hasn't been sitting behind the counter for days. The service is always quick and helpful too. A great place to stop for a sweet treat!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,9/19/2014,6,8,1,4,2>Took the wife and kids to shucks tonight and was quite please. I got the shrimp and chips. Shrimp was fresh and fried just right, baby cakes were delicious. My wife got a grilled salmon sandwich that was very good. Tried a cup of the chx tortilla soup as was very impressed. For the icing on the cake they had $2 cardinal pale ales on Thursday nights!!! Will be back for sure!!!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,9/18/2014,3,9,,3,3>I could live on these burritos alone. $5 for a huge, delicious burrito. I always get the al pastor with no beans. It's filled with pork, rice, and cheese. Food comes out piping hot, so give it a few minutes to cool down. I've burned my mouth many a time because I couldn't wait to eat it. Along with the food itself, I love the combination of people who frequent the truck- you never know who is going to wander up and wait alongside you!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,9/17/2014,4,46,3,4,4>B&Gs sort of reminds me of In-N-Out burger (which unfortunately doesn't have locations in Nebraska). It's a throwback to the 50s and 60s (decor is old-timey) and serves awesome (and cheap) burgers and loose meat sandwiches. Personally, I go with their loose meat sandwich, waffle fries and a shake. The meal never fails to hit the spot and it's just over seven dollars, which gets you a large drink, large fry and 10 chicken McNuggets at McDonald's (which, needless to say, is disgusting).
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,9/16/2014,32,108,,4,4>I went here with my mom for dinner on a Thursday night. We started with the calamari for an appetizer and a carafe of their house white wine. The carafe is a little over two glasses of wine and their house white was a decent, dry wine. The calamari was excellent! It was topped with a spicy honey hoisin glaze and comes with two dipping sauces: one of them was a sweet, tangy sauce (we really liked this one) and the second was similar to sriracha (or may have been sriracha). For my entree I ordered the fish and chips, which was served with cole slaw. The fish had a nice, crispy breading and a great flavor. It was a little tough, though. The wedge fries had an herb seasoning and were really good. The cole slaw is more vinegar-based than creamy. I was not a fan of the cole slaw, as a I prefer a creamy base, but my mom really liked it. I also tried my mom's crab cakes and they were excellent. I have tried their lobster and shrimp mac and their portobello prosciutto and truffle mac on another visit and both were excellent, although I preferred the portobello version better. This restaurant has a neat atmosphere but it is pretty loud. Our waitress was nice, but not overly friendly, and was a little inattentive at times (we had to flag her down to order our entrees). The last time I was here the service was great, though, so I don't think this is a regular issue. Overall I really enjoy this restaurant and I will definitely be back again.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,9/15/2014,84,127,5,7,4>Trust me, a phenomenal experience is awaiting you at the Berry and Rye. I went for drinks with friends for the first time this past weekend and was impressed by the excellent service, the wide variety of top notch cocktails, and the cool atmosphere.Let's start with the drinks. Their menu is organized by alcohol, with plenty of great, diverse choices for vodka, gin, agave, rum, etc. The French 75 is delightful--not too sweet but nice and light. One of my favorites was La Floridita, which had plenty of lime and just enough sweetness. The debonair pear has a delicious light honey egg white foam on top, which I know sounds really gross but was surprisingly a perfect complement to the floral chartreuse. Flowers for Chavela was one of the most "interesting" cocktails I've ever tasted. It had a distinct smokiness and tasted like burnt ash and watery barbeque sauce. It was definitely not my favorite, and I wouldn't sit and drink and entire glassful, but there's a drink for every taste at Berry and Rye.I could go on and on about each of the cocktails I got to try (best to go in a group you're comfortable sharing sips with!), but the wide array of unique and different ingredients that were used was impressive and intriguing. Our server, Aaron, was incredible! One of the most fun servers I've had in a while. He had an outgoing, fun personality and popped by at just the right times to ask us if we needed anything else. He made us laugh while sharing his extremely developed knowledge of the menu. He truly elevated our experience to the level of impeccable.Finally, a note about the atmosphere. The interior looks great--a complete overhaul from the old place it used to be (Myth martini bar). Nice big booths for larger groups, down lighting, and unique full wall murals.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,9/14/2014,34,229,1,6,6>I went to Lot 2 a couple months ago and just got around to remembering to write a review on it.My brother-in-law and sister took my wife and I to Lot 2 as he received a gift card from one of his friends to Lot 2 and he wanted to treat us to a night out.As you walk in, you notice the simplistic, yet modern decor that is strewn about the walls and its very nice.  It also looks very classy and 'upscale', which I always like.We got the rabbit and scallops for our appetizers and they were both delicious.  This was the first time I've ever tried rabbit and it definitely won't be my last.  It was tender and juicy, and was accompanied by tender gnocchi and mushrooms.  The scallops were top-notch as well; some of the best scallops I've ever had with that perfect sear and paired with duck confit.I had the special for the evening, which was Barramundi or Branzino, can't remember, with carrots and oyster mushrooms with a puree and a few strips of pork belly.  The dish was complex and delicious with layer upon layer of texture and flavor.  The pork belly strips was an amazing touch as well.And to top off this whole experience, the head chef hand delivered our dishes to us and informed us of what was in all of our dishes and how it was cooked.  I LOVE it when chef's take the time to visit with his/her guests.Our waitress is what you would expect from an upscale restaurant as well, very knowledgeable, nice, and very down to earth.This is truly one of the best dining experiences I've had.  From the entrance, to the service, to the amazing food, everything was delivered at the highest mark.  My brother-in-law and I said a few times during the night, 'I wish we could do this every weekend!'I will definitely be going back to Lot 2.  Thank you for a great dining experience.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,9/13/2014,20,68,1,3,6>This is seriously my new favorite restaurant! I have had several friends telling me how wonderful Ethiopian food is for years, but after seeing pictures of it I refused to try it. Mark that up as one of my biggest food regrets! The service here is wonderful! We get the same server every time and she is great! I also love that the chef always asks everyone if everything is okay. She is SO sweet, and her food is the best! So far, all we have tried is the combination platter, which is a little mixture of most of their menu items. My favorites are the three meat dishes, everything is delicious though. Everything is perfectly spiced, nothing is too spicy for an average pallet. Take it from me, even if it looks less than appetizing, you HAVE to try it! We have gone twice this week and we are already planning our next trip to Lalibela!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,9/12/2014,74,236,1,6,4>I finally made it to Thirst tea after reading the reviews here on yelp!  By reading the reviews, I kind of went in with high expectations considering everyone just loved this place!  I must say, I was not disappointed!  The first time I went, I ordered a Thai tea.  I t was really good! Especially since the last Thai tea I had, which was in Boulder, was really gross, the Thai tea here was refreshing!  We also ordered the mango slush, and a taro.  They were all really good!Not only does Thirst tea serve boba tea, the also serve some food too!  We  ordered the takoyaki and a couple spam onigiris.  So good!!!  Being from Hawaii, we like spam so of course we liked those and the takoyaki?  My husband and daughter really loved the fact you could actually see the octopus AND they said they were good!Since Thirst tea exceeded our expectations, we plan to be regulars here and bring everyone we know too!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,9/11/2014,5,4,2,1,2>I really enjoy coming to DJ's Dugout downtown. Whether it's to watch football on Sunday or to get the $8.99 steak special on Thursday night. There is always a friendly face to serve you drinks and plenty of sports action to feed the urge of any sports fan's need of a fix!Free wifi for any sports nerds that want to have a live fantasy draft party and the piano bar is just next door!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,5/13/2014,10,37,1,7,2>Expect the unexpected. Many people, including myself, have passed by this little gem and probably do not even notice it. I was "Yelping" a place to eat for lunch and decided to check this place out.I was greeted as soon as I walked in, which is always a nice gesture. The menu is standard Chinese fare. Appetizers, soups, and entrees fill the sign above the checkout counter. I ordered egg drop soup with sesame chicken. I was literally sitting for a minute when my soup arrived. My food arrived five minutes later. My food was fresh, delicious and inexpensive.The restaurant does not have servers. You have to order from the counter and it is delivered to your table. This place is perfect for those half hour lunches when you are craving good, Chinese food.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,5/12/2014,2,11,,8,3>I've been living here for 6 months. Villa Vinee is by far, the best place I've ever lived. The staff is very friendly and helpful. There have been some minor housekeeping issues that were taken care of shortly after letting maintenance know (usually within a day). You can pay rent online which is really nice. I'm looking forward to another 6 months and possibly more. Everyone, I've met here, has only good things to say. Many people have lived here for years.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/11/2014,12,39,,8,5>Why have I never been here before?! El Basha is an instant favorite. In fact, I kinda don't want to eat anywhere else ever again. Their service is fast and friendly, and the food is so good that I wanted to never stop eating. They're an order at counter/sit with your number style restaurant. We had very little wait time on our food, which was perfect because we were both really, really hungry. You know when you're super full and you know you shouldn't eat any more but you do because "who cares this is the best stuff ever?" That's El Basha. We ordered a Meza mix plate with an array of hommus, falafel, baba ghanouj, pita and and tabouli. Everything tasted fresh, the falafel was tender and cooked JUST right, the hommus was wonderful and the baba ghanouj was creamy and had the perfect amount of smokey-ness to it. I really enjoyed both of the wraps as well. I think the meza plate alone was definitely enough food for us, and I preferred that over the wraps as a dine in, but if we order take out we'll definitely opt for the wraps. As someone who rarely eats meat and avoids dairy, it has always saddened me that I never felt like I could have the veggie equivalent of a charcuterie plate. In the summer time my friends love to order charcuterie and munch/lounge around with wine. Well the meza plate options make for a perfect substitute. I noticed they have a patio and also serve wine..I can't wait to hang out here when the weather warms up! My friends won't miss charcuterie at all.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,5/10/2014,35,109,,8,4>Huge fan of the Waiting Room.  This is one of the key places in Omaha if you are into live music.  With the remodel awhile back, they really improved site lines, sound and lighting. Great venue for live music.  Bar is always staffed up so drinks flow quickly.  Bathrooms at both ends of bar so never hardly lines there either!  Music is scheduled almost, if not every night with lots of new interesting acts.  Come check it out.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/9/2014,0,8,,2,1>It was difficult to find a good Korean restaurant here in the Omaha area, then Henim opened her doors. I fell in love with her homestyle Seoul cooking at first bite. the environment is awesome and Henim(the owner) is really friendly. The place is a little bit on the small side but the food is great to pick up and take home, I highly recommend every single item on the menu to everyone, it is impossible to choose a favorite because it is all fantastic.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,5/8/2014,45,26,1,4,4>It had been a little while since we have been to the Grey Plume for dinner and I am glad that I was able to get a babysitter last night so that my wife and I were able to enjoy another amazing meal created by Chef-Owner Clayton Chapman.We arrived and were warmly greeted by the hostess and shown to our table and we started to review the offerings of the day on the menu.  At one point, Chef arrived at our table and I told him that I was in a pickle.  Reason being is that as we were driving to have dinner I was thinking about the whole trout dinner, then there was rabbit on the menu and finally with my wife's help realized that there was also halibut as well.  Chef talked about possibly doing a tasting menu however, all three options were excellent.  We asked Angela to start with the Charcuterie Board and Chef asked us if we wanted the warmed or cold version of the Charcuterie and my wife and I both chimed it, "We trust your decision for which one Chef."  Plus we added the Foie Gras to it as well.  The board was brought out and the person who served it for us did the tour of the board however, I was lost in salivating on the tastes and posting pictures on Facebook.  Finally started eating and was just blown away at how awesome the Charcuterie was as usual.  Needless to say that all the cheeses, sausage/salamis and other yumminess was quickly eaten up.I finally settled in on the rabbit for my main entree and was not disappointed.  Between the loin wrapped up in some additional yumminess, the liver, hind quarter, croquette and the various other accompaniments, I was in heaven.  Such flavors that unfortunately I do not remember specifics on yet, was just as amazing as always.  I have said it for the last year, I went to Bobby Flay's Bar American in NYC in 2013 and I know Bobby Flay was not at his restaurant cooking that night cooking yet, Chef Clayton Chapman in my personal opinion is a far better chef than Bobby Flay is.  I had rabbit at Bar American in 2013 and Clayton Chapman's rabbit once again is just far superior in flavor and presentation.  My wife had the agnolotti once again and she was just as happy with her meal as I was with mine.  Another great meal at the Grey Plume created by Chef Clayton Chapman and I look forward to our next meal there and hopefully it will be quite soon.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/7/2014,0,13,,2,1>This place lives up to the hype. Pricey but worth every penny. The atmosphere is very romantic with low lighting and darker woods. We were sat quickly and our sever showed seconds later. These servers REALLY know their stuff. Our server described everything so well you almost wanted to just nod your head and order one of everything, however my wife and I knew that we had to take it easy so we had room for everything. Even simple water had options, I was blown away!We didn't order an app so we started with salads. We both had the chopped salad which pleasantly had the perfect dressing to salad ratio which is really difficult to do. I have to say the one thing that I was so pleased with, I assume because of his attire, was the manager approached our table and presented my wife with a rose in a vase because it was our anniversary. This was the height of customer service and going above and beyond. I ordered the 14oz ribeye and my wife ordered the 8oz filet mignon. The sides we served family style. We ordered the chive whipped potatoes and the Parmesan breadcrumb topped Mac and cheese. Our steaks were cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly. My ribeye was hands down the most tender cut of meat I have ever had. The potatoes were smooth and creamy. The Mac n cheese was cheesy, rich and delicious. Neither of us were able to finish our food and had to have it boxes up. I wasn't done though and needed to see the dessert menu. My wife and I both were trying to figure out where to put it but I found the little pocket in my stomach. I decided on cheese cake with brandy marinated fresh fruit. The cheese cake was huge and almost too beautiful to eat...almost. We put most of it down. This is the place to go if you have a special occasion you want to celebrate in style. Even the bathroom doesn't have paper towels or hand dryers they have actual individual towels to dry off. We couldn't have asked for a better place to have our special day. I will highly recommend this place to everyone I know.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,5/6/2014,6,14,,2,>Made reservations for 8 at 6:45, we were greeted and seated right away. We sat in the Garden room and love the decor. It was really cold in there, we asked to turn up the temp and they did. The food was fabulous! Our waitress was very accommodating. The chef was seen walking around and checking on everyone, we told him our dinner was great, he was very nice. I would recommend  this place to anyone one. The price was not bad for what you got. I plan on going back with my daughter, she would love the pot roast.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/5/2014,0,2,,3,2>Three words. I love Trios! Three more words? I love Ferole! Ferole is my stylist at Trios and I ended up just getting lucky with their New Talent Cut and Color promotion. It feels great to have such a great stylist who knows what she's doing and makes it a wonderful experience! I'm an absolute fan of hers and of Trios. It's a very clean, neat, and beautiful salon. The staff is so friendly, my hair always comes out perfect, and they have always been so incredibly flexible. I love Trios and their beautiful team!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,5/4/2014,33,147,,3,2>It had taken quite some time to get scheduled (rental property). Special order and many hoops had to be jumped through, but it's done. My building was on the historic registry so upgrading/updating is tough. The guys were very nice and as professional as they needed to be. They showed up a little late, but i expected that as it takes a lot of materials to install 2 big windows. Casual conversation between them. No profanity. Now i can finally see out. No draft. Now i just have to paint the gap that is left. Did I mention that I should expect my heating and cooling costs to be halved? I guess I just did. If I was a homeowner looking to get a tax credit I would most certainly call Bil-Den
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,11/29/2014,32,108,2,3,2>This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Omaha. I love the environment and how it is tucked into a little passageway. I also like that you can enjoy "patio dining" in the dead of winter. The regular margarita is not very good (it is pretty clearly made with a mix, and not a good one) but I love their blended strawberry margarita when I'm in the mood for a sugar-laden alcoholic drink. Their food is amazing and the star of the show! I usually get their cheese and mushroom enchiladas. They are chock full of cheese, mushrooms, and flavor! They are served with a black bean-rice combo that is in a really yummy sauce. The service is usually just average, but on our most recent visit our waitress brought us complimentary chips and salsa because our food was taking a little long (20 minutes - not even long enough for us to comment). It was a really nice gesture and showed that she cared about our patronage. This place is definitely worth trying!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,11/28/2014,84,127,4,5,5>*This review is for the clubhouse*I recently had my wedding reception at Indian Creek, and overall it was a positive experience. The coordination team is pretty organized and they meet with you to go over details and make sure everything is set for your event.The space is lovely, which is why I booked it in the first place. There's a nice big bar in the back of the main room. The dance floor is a good size, not too big. Very comfortable but also elegant. The services and the rooms are pretty pricey. We paid for a beer and wine package, instead of a full bar, and still it was costly. I would suggest having them lower their prices for just renting the hall. I'm sure the property has to be maintained, but I did kind of feel like it was a highway robbery experience. Weddings=$$$They require you to spend a minimum of $2,000 on alcohol for a Saturday night, regardless of the beverage package you choose. This ended up being fine for us because we did beer and wine for about 150 guests and a champagne toast, which was just over the minimum. But it's good to know when you're considering the place.Indian creek has just one caterer approved for food, which is HAP Abraham. They did a fine job. Just be aware if you have your heart set on a specific caterer.Overall the staff and event planners helped the reception go as smoothly as possible from their end of things. They coordinated with my vendors, my MOH, and if something went wrong as far as deliveries or timing, I never noticed. Very professional and helped the evening go off without a hitch (well, at least from an event standpoint!).
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2014,11/27/2014,34,229,1,5,5>Good ol' Mai Tai.  I've been coming here for years and its great every time.My most recent visit was this past weekend, on a Saturday night at around 8pm.  When we walked in there were a lot of available tables, but by the time we left at 9:15pm, the place was packed.It is in a basement of a Chinese Restaurant.  Not sure if that is still open, but I heard they do parties and catering only now, but I have just heard that.  It's pretty dark in the place but that's never a bother.  The main attraction is the digital jukebox that everyone uses when they go.Their drinks are just plain good and they are a great bang for your buck.  The XXX drinks have 5 shots of rum/alcohol in them and are just delicious.  They are $8.50, which is an insanely good deal compared to other bars.  The Zombie literally tastes like fruit punch.  I'm done after two of those.You can order small apps from the restaurant upstairs and the menu is basic, decent fried Chinese food; egg rolls, crab rangoons, etc....Mike, the bartender, is their every time I go and he is super nice and very accommodating.Talking about the Mai Tai, I already want to go back.  Maybe I'll have a stop there this weekend!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,11/26/2014,35,5,1,6,7>If you're looking for something fancy and relaxed at the same time, this is definitely the place. Lot 2 is my go-to restaurant for special occasion or celebratory outings. The restaurant has a very upscale vibe (without robbing you) with vintage decor and candle lighting. The relaxed vibe comes from the location (Benson) and having a bar as well. The menu is awesome, having a wide variety  of items. We started off with a charcuterie board which you can choose different items of cheeses, meats, nuts, and bread. I never thought I would enjoy Tete De Cochon (pig's head) but I did! Everything on the board was savory and delicious, I definitely enjoyed every bite. My boyfriend ordered the Lot 2 burger and I ordered the beef stew. I swear there's something about the beef at Lot 2 - super tender, super juicy, and cooked exactly how we wanted it. Their house frites which come with garlic aioli is a must as well. I will definitely be back soon, because they are always changing their menus and I'm determined to try everything!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2014,11/25/2014,11,70,2,6,5>Dog friendly patio! I've been here several times but only recently found out they are dog friendly. While at Artsarben we got hungry and wanted a sit-down place. Most of the places we asked in Artsarben village were surprisingly not dog friendly or wanted us to tie the dog outside of their patio while we ate. Not what I wanted to do so we went here and had a great time. They usually have some pretty good drink specials and even so the draft beers are a pretty decent price. We had some wings and calamari and both were decent. The calamari was a little greasy this time, but I've had it plenty of times so hopefully this was a fluke.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,11/24/2014,45,57,5,5,5>I just love this place. I enjoy everything about this place. Im a huge Italian fan and would put this restaurant in my top 5 for italian foods in Omaha. This is a very elegant place to dine. I can not remember our waiter's name but he was an older gentleman. I will be asking for him next time. You can tell he really enjoys his job. The menu is full of great choices and its always hard for me to choose what to eat because everything on their menu is to die for. I will continue to dine here.... Thanks
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,11/23/2014,74,236,4,3,4>This store has some of the cutest things in it!  From little bibs for the little ones to clothes, they pretty much have it all!  Unless you have a little boy that is.  I used to shop here a lot for my daughter.  They have many one of the kind clothing and accessories that you can't find anywhere else, like the milestone birthday shirts or dresses.  I started shopping here for my little boy recently as well and noticed they have way more girls stuff than boys stuff.  Kind of disheartening, but that's okay.  I'm still a fan of this place.  I just only wish they had more little boys stuff.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2014,11/22/2014,56,122,1,3,5>Just opened! I went for lunch and sat at the bar. I was a little confused when I walked in as I wasn't sure if I was supposed to seat myself or wait for someone. Thankfully someone quickly noticed my loitering behavior and directed me accordingly. The patio are is still under construction and with our weather dramatically changing soon it wouldn't be a comfortable place to sit anyway right now. They have a few large tvs for sports watching, bar looks well stocked as well. Food was good, service was good! I am excited to go back on a weekend to try the chicken and waffles and a Bloody Mary!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2014,11/21/2014,13,29,2,2,3>This was about the 3rd time that I have been there - the first I had this wonderful baked spaghetti dish, the next time was lasagna and this last time was pizza. This last time I went to enjoy my birthday pizza. I am a little picky about my pizzas and probably would never have ordered one without this coupon. And I would have made a mistake. I got their version of the meat lovers pizza and I was worried when I saw it - I tend to like mine with a little bit more sauce, but again - I would have been wrong. This pizza was wonderful and will bring me back for it again!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2014,11/20/2014,42,55,1,2,3>I feel robbed.For years, we have lived right by this place and have overlooked it. We frequent the Target nearby on a regular basis (my husband would say too much even) and never once was Five Spice mentioned when the question "What's for dinner tonight?" had come up.We recently were having dinner with some friends who moved closer out West and they mentioned part of the benefit was having Five Spice. They went on to rave about how the food was amazing and the value was just as good. Convinced, we knew we had to venture out.So earlier this week on Monday we headed over there for dinner. As we entered, I was quite surprised to see how well lit and semi-well decorated it was. We were greeted and sat right away...quick service. At 6pm on a Monday, there were 4 other tables when we arrived and the place quickly filled up to near full- always a good sign.We got Beef Lo Mein and Mongolian Beef in the family size for our family of 4 (2 adults and 2 little ones) which was more than adequate! I also was in a soup mood so got the Hot and Sour soup which was REALLY good! Might very well be my new favorite.Service was prompt and efficient. Bathrooms were clean. Food was tasty and a great value. What's not to love?My only regret is that we waited so long to try this out. We will certainly be back!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,2/20/2014,50,59,,8,4>I was pulling into Bronco Burger across the street when I noticed a cool vintage bike outside this shop, and what appeared to be a new sign. I ventured across the street and discovered a terrific new antique store, open since maybe the first of June.A lot of antique stores have (a) crap and (b) stuff that isn't antique in any reasonable sense of the word. Not this place. Everything they have is well-curated and quite lovely. The basement has some mid-century stuff, but that's not my cup of tea, nor is it apparently the owners'. It's the upstairs that captures their sense of what antiques should be -- elegant, tasteful stuff that would be welcome in any well-to-do home, regardless of era.Right now Omaha (to my knowledge) doesn't have another antique shop quite like this. All the other stores in town have at least some measure of pure junk that no person of taste would want in their home. Not this place. My only fear is that they might sell a lot of their current inventory in the first few months and slowly begin diluting the quality that they've established at the start. We'll see.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,2/19/2014,8,52,,2,1>I love the thai chicken pizza and salad w/ a scoop  of tuna salad, so much so that I don't want to try anything else on the menu.  They get fairly busy over the lunch hour and you can stand in line for quite a while since they only have one cashier. The side of fruit for $3 is just a few slices, so not really worth the cost.  I love that they are on PinPoint.  Will be back.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,2/18/2014,56,122,,4,2>I was disappointed the menu was only available until 10am.  They have regularly available cupcakes and then a cupcake of the day that you can get.  I ordered a red velvet and it was pretty tasty! The presentation is very charming and the staff was very helpful during my interactions.  I am not sure how reasonable it is or how often one needs to drive thru for a cupcake but for special occasions I am sure it is quite handy for those on the run!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,2/17/2014,43,27,,4,1>I try to get a massage every month or two if I can, and I almost always choose Utopia. It's small, cozy, and they have the best deals if you subscribe to their email alerts or follow them on Facebook. With their loyalty deals, birthday month and half-birthday month deals, and regular sales, I have never paid more than 30 for a 60 minute massage, plus tip. I know they offer other services as well but I can only vouch for their massages. My husband is a massage newbie and he enjoyed his visit as well. Both Becky and Hannah are great but I prefer Hannah's deeper pressure (I like to get my money's worth!). The hot towel service is the best. You will not regret going here!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/16/2014,6,9,,4,2>Wonderful sushi place owned by the same people that owned Wasabi Sushi off of Maple (which is sadly now closed). I love the all you can eat menu because you get the opportunity to try so much more. The staff is really friendly and knowledgable. A gentleman stopped by several times to offer suggestions and we loved every one we tried. The presentation of the food is beautifully done and the cost is affordable. I've tried both Blue and Hiro 88 and this place beats both hands down in both authenticity and affordability! The only negative thing I can say is that there is often difficulty finding a parking spot but since it's the Old Market that's no surprise. If you want sushi defiantly go here, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,2/15/2014,193,329,3,23,5>This is a great school.I see all the poor reviews. This is just like any other school... you can get a degree but you have to know how to apply the skills.I know people with Master's degrees from University of Nebraska at Omaha who are underemployed... it says nothing about the school.Furthermore, you can't expect a degree to be your only standing point... while in school, did you intern somewhere, did you volunteer... boost your resume... a degree will not do it.Bellevue started as a small school and has expanded to offering several online courses... it is NOT a diploma mill. There are several federal agencies that endorse BU's education programs.I have had no problem with getting jobs with my Master's degree from BU!The tuition is somewhat high... but what do you expect from a private school... AND an accelerated program. You are paying for the time that you save. If you want a lower cost, traditional school... BU may not be for you... Try a public state university.If you want a school with a flexible schedule that offers online course WITH the same quality education as a state university... BU is a good choice.Secondary education is evolving to offer more nights and online course... Bellevue is ahead of the game... soon- we will see more state universities offering this in order to meet the demand of residents... just the sign of the times.Go Bruins!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,2/14/2014,116,39,,6,3>OBC is tha bomb! Why you ask? The owners are super sweet, kind and full of great information. The Intelligentsia coffee is great (only place in omaha you can find this stuff-originally from chicago-and is direct trade) and I like the yerba mate iced tea a lot. They have a great bike selection focusing on the Surly brand which isn't cheap but they are great. Vince is a bike genius and Sarah is the queen of the coffeeshop side of things. They really believe in what they are doing and are doing so much good for the bikers of Omaha. Forget soulless chains, come here for something amazing!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,2/13/2014,84,127,1,9,6>Nice open floor plan with lots of light. The decor was pretty random but white tablecloths were a nice touch. Service was fine but not fabulous. The little salad and wonton appetizer was a nice way to start the meal. Fresh veg and great sweet chili sauce. Cute rice tower in the shape of a star. Not over-steamed. The red curry with beef was very good--the beef could have been a little more tender but the sauce was a nice balance of sweet coconut and spicy pepper. I went with some coworkers over lunch and they told the server it was my birthday (which was true!) and at the end of our meal she brought out a complimentary surprise dessert. I'm not sure what it was exactly...some kind of coffee cake with mango sauce on it paired with some vanilla ice cream with toasted coconut on top. An unexpected treat!Overall a solid pick for a mid-week lunch.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2013,2/12/2014,17,103,3,9,2>I'm torn with this place, I liked it, but not enough that I would go back any time soon.After reading other's reviews I completely agree with them, to sum it up:  Average food, FAST order turnout, slow with the drinks, and hard on the wallet.The 4 Pork Gnocchi was very good, but the reccomended Lobster Poutine was odd, and sitting on the patio the little flies swarmed us.  As they hovered over the poutine, it gave me an ill feeling.... granted I'm not a huge poutine fan, I think I would have enjoyed another appetizer more.I don't venture out to West O much for dining, and I'm glad I tried this place, but the clientele wasn't exactly my cup of tea either....Plenty of designer bags, expensive cars and 'surprised' faces...*cough* Botox.  Oh and I'm really glad I left my kid at home with a sitter so I could listen to your kids be obnoxious!  You know what?  Maybe I don't like this place as much as I thought....atmosphere is everything!The long and short of it.  This place will keep being successful, but it's not the greatest.  Like my review of J. Coco, some people think it's amazing, so it will stay popular, but there are way better (cheaper) places to eat and drink wine in Omaha.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,2/11/2014,58,216,,6,2>Been wanting to go to a Runza since I moved here...I ordered a double cheeseburger and onion rings...the rings were pretty good, and the burger was better than most fast food chains...Price wise it was in line with other burger joints and I didn't feel like I got ripped off...but I was really impressed with the people who worked here...one guy in particular was constantly cracking jokes and in general struck me as a very happy and upbeat person...it's something that's unfortunately rare these days in fast food joints...I'll certainly come back to this location in the future...
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,4/13/2014,72,103,,6,5>One of my favorite new bars. They have created a retro room (feels like every basement I was in during the 70's growing up in Northern Minnesota) without have to schlep old beers signs all over the place. Good staff, the music chosen by the staff when I have been there was never obnoxious and always interesting, and they have good drink specials even on the weekends. This is a North Downtown and Downtown gem. It's hip but you do not feel out of place or like you need to be up on the craft culture to be here. They took a small space (in a very new urban building) and made it feel unique. They did it with a simple concept that they executed with care. A lot of bars that are in kind of generic spaces like strip malls and such could really learn a lot from The Trap Room.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,4/12/2014,22,8,,3,2>I consider this one of the best sushi restaurants in Omaha, and that's saying something as this town has a lot of good sushi.What appeals to me, though, are the hot dishes. The Yakiniku grill, where you cook your food at your table is good, but it's the combination platters with teriyaki and tonkatsu/chicken Katsu that I love. The restaurant has good miso soup and small salads with ginger or carrot dressing. I always go for the ginger.I would rate this a five, but it is starting to get more pricy. It can be a $$, but it trends closer to $$$ these days.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/2/2014,4/11/2014,16,15,,4,3>They don't make them like this anymore.  This Chinese restaurant has been here since 1920 in the glory days of art deco design.  While this restaurant looks to be in it's twilight it was an honor to step into this time capsule replete with chinoiserie flair. The massive intricately carved wooden frames and even more intricately crafted dragon lantern light fixtures with gold accents are works of art that belong in a museum.  The tables are all antiques now.  Marble set in wood with mother of pearl inlay still clinging on for dear life in places.You won't find your Chinese comfort food favorites here such as heavily breaded general tso and sweet and sour pork.  I have never had authentic Chinese food before and not sure if this was it though it certainly tasted less Americanized.  It is cash only and a very fair price for what you get.This was a great discovery and I will definitely return for lunch.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,4/10/2014,0,3,4,5,4>This place is so cute!  The concept is really great-a group of entrepreneurial women who decided to bring their businesses together into one eclectic, vibrant space.  They have entirely too many desserts to choose from (a good problem, for sure), DELICIOUS sipping chocolates-I recommend the salted caramel, and a great variety of fresh coffee drinks, toddy, and food.Plus, there's a little wine bar area in back for those days when you say you're "going to study or do work" but end up watching Netflix instead with a nice glass of vino :)
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,4/9/2014,4,28,,3,2>I love Chicago style pizza and this place is my favorite in Omaha. My husband and I split a 12 inch deep dish pizza with me ordering the Z and he ordered one of the meat pizzas.  You can only eat 2 slices because they are huge and filling. With 4 beers, breadsticks and a 12 inch pizza...our bill was about $50.We had enough left over for lunch the next day.  I just put them in a 9x13 pan on 350 and the crust stayed crispy.I wish they had more beers on tap and that the sauce had a little more garlic.  Besides those things....we loved the place!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,4/8/2014,4,44,,16,2>I recently saw a friend's Facebook post about this place, which came with a photo of Tom Kha Gai soup.  She gave it a very positive review, so the girlfriend and I set out to try it.We recently had takeout from another longstanding Thai restaurant here in Omaha, and honestly, it was not great. We had an agenda: to find a new Thai restaurant that we could be excited about. This place turned out to be it. In a nutshell: super friendly happy service, an honest heat/spice rating (we ordered 8 on a scale of 1-10, and we were glowing), generous portions at super affordable prices (one appetizer, one soup, two entrees and a dessert for $30) and last but not least, awesome flavors. Appetizer: spring rolls, 3 big ones, cut in half and served with a light dipping sauce; Soup: Tom Kha Gai, featuring chunks of lemongrass, thin slices of galangal, kaffir lime leaves, bell pepper, loads of thinly sliced chicken breast in a spicy coconut broth; Entrees: Pad Thai with Pork, seasoned noodles with finely chopped seasoned pork with bean sprouts and chopped peanuts, and Green Curry with Chicken, huge bowl with white meat chicken, bell pepper slices, Thai eggplant, all in a simmering seasoned coconut curry broth; Dessert: Pandan ice cream - a large dish of bright green scoops, not too sweet, reminiscent of green tea ice cream. Pandan is a plant that is featured in many Asian dishes. Look it up - Pandanus amaryllifoliusNothing was overly sweet or salty like so many Asian restaurants I've been to. The flavors were fresh and what I believe to be as authentic as can be. Maybe it's because there's a Thai grocery store next door. One of the best aspects to us (besides the awesome food and service) is that it is an easy walk from our house. The neighborhood just keeps getting better and better.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,4/7/2014,25,93,,7,3>I saw this place quite a while ago and made a mental note that I wanted to go try it sometime, but forgot about it.We had a friend in town visiting, he saw it on Yelp and wanted to go. Having not eaten Ethiopian before, I wasn't sure what to expect, but I was excited to give it a try.We went with a combination platter. They make it for 2 people, but they were nice enough to just scale it up for the 3 of us for a small extra charge. I honestly don't know what most of the food was, but it was excellent. There wasn't anything on the plate I didn't like. It was a great value. For less than $8/person, we were all able to get absolutely stuffed.I highly recommend Lalibela and look forward to going back many times.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/27/2014,4/6/2014,45,179,4,7,4>Full Disclosure: I AM CHINESE. Meaning my review will be based on my entire life experience with Chinese food. So here goes!Upon pulling up in the lot to pick up my order I was greeted with a smell of delicious garlic..! After a hard week I was ready to dig into some delicious comfort food. I ordered the orange chicken and seafood delight.My first complaint is that there was too much sauce for both entrees! It leaked into the bag and then hot/warm sauce broke a hole in the cheap plastic bag which got onto my car seat. Boo. Second, the orange chicken was too orangey tasting..! Like they used a preserved orange peel or something. Shame. Too overpowering! Boo #2. And there was too many breaded pieces with tiny pieces of chicken or no chicken at all..! Boo #3.Third, the sauce for the seafood delight was red not brown as described. Probably as a result of being lazy and not using different/cleaning the wok to cook. Boo #4.Boo #5. Too salty. I drank an entire can of pop and a bottle water after. All dat MSG doe. Yikes! Still feel salty. And my eyes are dry.Let's take about the good now. Everything was piping hot and acceptable in terms of taste. Yay.Yay #2, the "fried rice" actually tasted good. I mean it's just soy sauce and egg stir fried but nevertheless the rice was soft and it had flavor. Yay #3, the seafood delight had all the seafoods described and they were not stingy on them! I got scallops, imitation crab, squid...the whole lot! Woohoo.Overall i'd come back to eat here. It's a typical chinese food place and while it has it's flaws, it's good for Omaha.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,4/5/2014,2,19,,3,2>Just divine. Expensive? Yes. Worth it? Absolutely. From start to finish a fantastic experience.  We ordered the large nigiri plate, the large sashimi plate and several rolls and a few extras like tobiko with quail egg and sea urchin. Every bite was delicious. The sashimi was rolled like little flowers. Beautiful presentation. And huge pieces too.  The miso soup was delicate and flavorful. The staff was friendly and informed. I like when everyone at the front desk greets you with smiles and laughter and makes you feel like they've been waiting for you to arrive so the party can begin. They do that here. Our waitress gave info on items not on the menu and when I asked about a specific dish she complimented me on my knowledge of Japanese food, commented that it was a traditional dish and recommended where I might find it in Omaha. I don't know that much but she made me feel great. We spent about $160 for 3. We didn't have alcohol. Just yummy green tea with toasted barley. ( gen maichai).  When we left, same group asked if we were happy smiles and jokes and please come back soon. Oh yes indeed I will!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,4/4/2014,27,79,4,7,4>Well...it's been a spell since I've done this. Had to deal with a loss. My Special Lady Wife was eaten by a shark, that shark swam ashore and was then eaten by a T-Rex, which got sick to it's stomach and vomited that goo into an active volcano.  Feeling bad for the T-Rex, I took it in and we go out eating together. He let's me ride on his back!  Right...so currently I live in the Benson area and one night I was called up to observe binge drinking at its finest. It was adorable. As the late hours closed in, my hunger began to knock as the 4 cups of coffee I had that evening began to fade. We were at Jake's and the finger was pointed at this little sandwich shop. Late night sammiches!?!? Sold. My challenge to them: if I love your sandwiches, completely sober (straight-edge) then I'll give you a 5 star review because I knew service would be a task at this late hour and with everyone pouring into the place.  Well they earned that 5 star review and a little golden banana sticker. I won't get into how I had to remove some vagrants from the premises but it was awesome and it made me look sexy...ladies??? I ordered a Cubano because that is the bar I set for sammiches. I expected a wait and in under 10 minutes (that's fine) I got something in my hands that was bigger than I expected it to be (grow up). Size was a pleasant surprise (seriously,  grow up), the bread had a crunch to it that comes with good quality bread and the ingredients exploded in my mouth...I'm just gonna stop there because you won't stop snickering...kids.  So they won over a sober person with a damn fine sammich and the place, as a whole was clean and well groomed. It had class!!! So yea...put these in your facehole. Eat up Minions!!!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/3/2014,116,39,2,4,5>antiques and any type of candy you can think of is here.  Pricier than other places, but a great assortment!  The piano from one of Lady Gaga's video is here and their is an old school private movie theater in here that you can rent out for private parties!  We also got a deal on plush beavis and butthead dolls for my brother's birthday present here that everyone loves.  They have a small arcade in the back!!  Also they have an old school fountain shop, but I have yet to order something from there as of yet, but I just heard their menu will be expanding!  Whenever we bring out of town guests they just love it here!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,5/2/2014,13,81,2,7,2>The interior is dark and sexy: from the bar to the lighting, it was like being catapulted into an old-timey photo. There is a definite aura to the building as well, and I couldn't shake this feeling of knowing that something very risqué probably happened in the same spot in which I sat. The menu features some unique items including a beet burger and Scotch egg. There's also a Reuben, with a nice beety twist. Reuben snobs may not be appreciative of that deviation, but thankfully I took that risk. I found the addition of beets to really elevate the earthy tang factor and even though I told myself to just eat half, after a few bites I knew a to-go container was out of the question. I also opted to add fries, perfectly crunchy on the outside with pillowy softness on the inside.Lunch service was efficient and friendly; the bartender offered up the wifi password without my asking. I appreciated that from him and will definitely return when I'm in the area.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/1/2014,24,11,,13,6>Gourmet breakfast at an affordable price! This place is fantastic! Went here with a friend this afternoon for brunch and everything we had was delicious.Started off by splitting a homemade pop tart--how could we come here and not get one? Had the Nutella--obviously anything with Nutella isn't going to be bad, but this pop tart was the perfect start to our otherwise savory brunch. The pastry crust was flaky and done to perfection. Yeah, you can't go wrong on this one.Next we had the quiche and the biscuits and gravy (along with a side order of the hashbrowns). Everything was delicious and inventive--the biscuits and gravy comes with a cheesy vegetable gravy, unexpectedly different but so good. They were served almost like a Benedict. And it worked to perfection. I also tried the fried hashbrown balls--which would have been fabulous on their own, but both the homemade ketchups they served them with upped the flavor and my overall appreciation of the kitchen/chef here.The menu has limited options, but who needs them when everything on the existing tastes this good?! All this food and my friend and I's total bill came to $28. A steal considering the quality of the food. Come here. Now. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,4/30/2014,31,49,,4,4>We went to check out Tim's Vermeer based on the preview we saw on a previous visit. While I've usually never heard of the movies, I get drawn in by the previews. Check out the trailers on the website if you want to get an idea of what you're in for. We've been a few times so we thought we'd get the family membership. It's $100 but you get half price movies all year long. Can't beat $5 movies at any time.Great alternative to the Hollywood cliche movies.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,4/29/2014,3,6,,6,4>Just stopped in Echo for the first time. The staff are very educated about coffee and extremely friendly, so don't hesitate to ask for more info about the delicious (and unique) options on their menu. If you like traditional espresso drinks (some with modern twists) this place is for you. They roast their own fair trade organic coffee beans here, and I enjoyed the strength and richness of their espresso roast greatly. It's also vegan friendly, offering soy and almond milk options.The shop has a very fresh and open yet comfy vibe. It's basically every vintage-chic DIYers wet dream. Definitely a gem worth visiting, if you're brave enough to venture past your time-tested old market and midtown coffee shop arenas. I personally can't wait to become a regular here and leave behind the stereotypical scenes/crowds of some of the other Omaha coffee shops. Definitely recommend--Echo will not disappoint!!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,4/28/2014,12,13,,4,3>I picked Railcar for my birthday dinner as the reviews of the food were mostly positive. I was apprehensive about the service though as many have stated it was terrible. We were seated immediately at a very small table near the ramp leading into the dining area. Not my first choice in seating but it was fine. What I noticed about the wait staff is that everyone seemed like they didn't want to be there. Our server was good and attentive but just seemed bored with his job. We started with the pork belly appetizer. It was very good, the apple slaw was amazing. Seemed like there should have been more pork belly though. My husband got the grilled chicken and clam pasta which was outstanding. $15 got you a very good amount of clams. I opted for the land and sea which was a flat iron steak, crab cake, and wild mushroom risotto. Each element was delicious but on the plate it didn't make sense. There was no element that brought the. three things together. Overall I would recommend this to friends. I think  the prices are very reasonable for the quality of food.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,4/27/2014,179,204,2,7,6>OK. people, this is the REAL DEAL BBQ; I know what good BBQ is and this is the best I've tasted in the Midwest.  I've eaten BBQ all over the Midwest and this food truck rates as the highest!The smoked rib eye was super flavorful and juicy.  I couldn't decide on what to order because they have a great variety of items on the menu.  I eventually made my mind up and ordered the BBQ rib tips and what a good decision maker I am,  because they  were very, very yummy! We sampled the smoked brisket and it left me craving more, more, more!The homemade BBQ sauce was a yummy blend of spices and a perfect accompaniment. Fresh french fried potatoes were perfect and sooooo good too.The folks there were very friendly; I hope they get a brick and mortar place soon. All I can say is  I will be back again and again.  YUMMY!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,4/26/2014,30,64,3,5,3>I recently rescued a dog from the humane society and this has been a great place to go to get him socialized with other dogs-- especially since they separate the park into two areas, one for the big dogs and one for the small dogs like my dachshund Cletus.  Would be great if they had more trees and picnic tables but I can't complain just happy to have a dog park.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,4/25/2014,98,210,3,7,4>I've been admiring this place from afar. I even met the owners Colin and Jessica at an Omaha Public Library culinary event in 2013, and it STILL took me a year to walk across the street from work for lunch. If anything, it was well worth the wait. I ordered the Cauliflower Jam sandwich ($7). Since it was bustling during lunch hour, it took a while for said sandwich to make it from order to my table; but expect this, as everything is made to order. The sandwich did not disappoint. The layers of flavors were mouth-tingling, and KT did not skimp on ingredients including cauliflower, pesto and mozzarella cheese. Sandwich was served with a complimentary helping of popcorn and pickled cauliflower (which was the topic of their library presentation, pickled condiments).There are only a handful of places like this in Omaha. Prices are reasonable, and I love supporting local vendors via small business. Self-serve water is a plus. Co-owner Jessica made the rounds several times, ensuring everybody was happy; I was happy. In fact, all staff I encountered were friendly. No TV: a big plus.Have your phone handy for photos: The space is stripped-down and very cool, very natural.I will not wait a year again before returning; I plan to return incredibly soon.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/1/2014,4/24/2014,193,329,5,8,4>Just ok! The catfish was greasy. It tasted good while I was eating it but afterwards I could tell that I'd consume too much grease.Prior to ordering the mac & cheese- I asked was it baked. They said yes. It was watery and flavorless... and they used processed cheese (American cheese). I loaded it down with pepper and hot sauce to make it somewhat consumable.The yams.... CANNED! Not really spiced with anything! For $13.00 a plate... I left sad.But the experience is fine...sit down soul food place... I guess I'll have to settle until I open my own restaurant lol!Tip to the owners. ..use fresh ingredients! And don't used processed cheeses! You will thank me later!Also... I dont know rather it was too much grease or food poisoning... the food did not settle well and I made a midnight trip to a plastic bag!Yeara ago, this place gave us expired mayo that was over three years old... so I would not count old ingredients as the culprit for my midnight episode!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,3/2/2014,7,30,2,6,4>This place is awesome! I ordered the carne asada taco, chorizo, and carnitas. The asada was very tough and I wasn't able to chew it so I gave it to my husband, the chorizo was dry like it was older. The carnitas, however, were amazing. I ended up ordering 3 more. They are tiny though, maybe 4 inch tacos? My husband ordered the cheek taco, marinaded pork, and chorizo. He says the cheek is very greasy but wasn't that bad. We also ordered a carinta gordita and asada sope. My husband ended up eating them both, I couldn't handle all the cheese on them (it was really a lot).I also think their decor is cute and the older photos are very interesting. The TVs weren't blaring (as one review noted) but it gets VERY loud in there as it gets busy. One thing to note is when you get there to just sit down at a table, and when you go to pay you remember your table number and go up to the register. This was the only hard time I had because the lady didn't speak good English, but it was fine, we just exchanged money.NOTE: Their menu they give you is in English and Spanish (one side is English) and they had 2 people there who spoke really good English. Do NOT be afraid to go there in terms of language barriers. For $26 dollars we got 9 tacos, 1 sope, and 1 gordita. You also get limes, radishes, salsa verde, a hot salsa that is bright orange, and roasted jalapenos.All in all it was a great experience and they are truly authentic tacos! I will go back there again soon! Muy Bueno!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2014,3/1/2014,13,6,2,9,4>Overall, it was a decent meal. Inexpensive, considering the portion sizes. I really wish the place was cleaner though. Definitely a dive place, but it seems like the owners/management have stopped caring about the cleanliness and overall appeal of the diner. The floor was filthy,  and there was dust everywhere. There was dirt built up around the footrails at the counter top area. Ceiling tiles are damaged and not placed properly in the ceiling, and the wall is bowing in and looks incredibly unsafe. Vents looked like they were caked with dirt and dust. The booths could definitely use a good cleaning, and a fresh coat of paint would make them look much more welcoming. We both ordered orange juice(which were a bit small for the price) to drink. For our meals, I got the cinnamon roll & coffee, and 2 eggs (scrambled with cheddar cheese) and hash browns. The eggs/hashbrowns came with either toast or a "small pancake". I opted for the pancake. My boyfriend ordered the Original Island (biscuits & gravy), and a side of bacon. The cinnamon roll was huge, but it was extremely hot on the inside, and the outside was a bit tough, like it had been microwaved. There was lots of gooey cinnamon filling and a decent amount of icing. Quite yummy after I cut it in half and let it cool down, yet not overly sweet. The coffee wasn't amazing, but it was good enough to drink black, and definitely complemented the cinnamon roll.  My "scrambled" eggs were definitely not scrambled. It seemed like they had thrown the beaten eggs onto the grill very thinly and then allowed them to cook almost completely before tossing them together while still a little wet and gooey, then melted some cheese on top. The hash browns were good and crispy on the outside, but they were nothing special. The "small pancake" was huge. Sadly, it was barely warm when our food came out. It was cooked so there was a slight, crisp, golden brown edge and it was soft and fluffy. My boyfriend said he enjoyed the biscuits and gravy. The biscuit was flaky. The gravy was very flavorful and the sausage patties were delicious. He also thought his "scrambled" eggs were a bit weird but he ate them regardless. The side of bacon (4 strips) was $2.75. A bit pricey, but it was thick cut and delicious. He asked for it "crispy" and it was done perfectly.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,2/28/2014,11,18,3,7,6>This place is absolutely amazing!  It is so creative and is really wonderful how the chefs and staff can bring all of these amazing flavors together.I am here at least twice per week, and I don't even live or work that close!  I have a bit of an addiction, ha!  The drive, the parking, waiting in line... it's all SO worth it!  You know a place is good when there is a line out the door every day during lunch!  I am also getting my friends and coworkers hooked on this place.. Everyone loves it!  I also love how they are locally sourced and can cater to vegetarians, vegans, and those with any allergies.  They really do CARE about their customers, and it definitely shows in the food!  This is DEFINITELY a must-try place!!!If you're a first-timer and wondering what to order, definitely check out a daily special of theirs.  The specials are extremely unique and AMAZING.  Otherwise, the gyro, philly, house salad, lux, pulled pork roll (ask for it spicy - OMG!), the duck duck goose fries... It is ALL good.  EVERYTHING IS GOOD!!!I'm going to go order some to-go now :)  Enjoy!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,2/27/2014,115,120,,4,4>Dario's was a nice change of pace from the typical burger and fries diet that I normally and religiously adhere to...Although I think I had the frites anyway hehe. Great place to take a date for dinner--the company, the cheesy bacon mussels appetizer, and the sweet ice cream and crepes made for a really fun night.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,2/26/2014,22,154,,6,3>Finally got a bite of the Smoked Reuben that I have been hearing so much about from Yelpers, and man oh man, is it delicious! Pair that with a tasty German beer and you got a good night ahead of you. This place is one of everyone's favorites for a reason. It's just a great place to go.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,2/25/2014,0,10,1,7,4>Love The Drover!! Took my mom and dad here when they came to visit. The salad bar was good, the food was great. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. We've had some random moments where we sat by some pretty awkward customers, but that's nothing against the restaurant. The service was pretty good although there were a few times where the servers were either snotty or rude, but we haven't found an actual steakhouse with steaks as amazing as the drover, so we were willing to sacrifice service for how amazing the food is.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,2/24/2014,173,319,1,5,3>When you're Elkhorn and love Italian trek on over to this cute Italian restaurant in old Elkhorn.  My family and I went to this restaurant the very last night my uncle and auntie were visiting from Hawai'i and all of us decided on Italian.  Our party of 8 were seated immediately as they hadn't gotten busy yet for dinner time.  The service provided was professional and knowledgable of the menu and wine list.   What was really great about going to dinner here on a thursday night is that they have wine bottles for half off!!  Of course, we added a bottle to pair with our dinner.  I ordered the linguine with artichoke and a salmon fillet.  It was a different taste but I liked it a lot! It was a generous portion of dinner and I was definitely able to save the rest for lunch the next morning.  We also tried a few appetizers, the bruschetta and the spinach and artichoke dip: yummy!  Each were full of flavor and delicious.  I also enjoyed the rolls of bread they provided, they were warm, soft, and tasty! Dinner was filling, the atmosphere pleasant, and service was great!Now, a sweet tooth like me I had to save some room for dessert, and the lucky dish was the Tiramisu!  It was also a generous portion size and incredibly delicious! The chocolate on top tasted rich and wonderful!  I was lucky enough to enjoy this dish on my own and loved every bite :)If you have the time and in you're in the area I highly recommend trying this Italian restaurant, you will love it! And if you enjoy chocolate try the tiramisu!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,2/23/2014,19,97,2,6,4>Small little restaurant with great food! My friend and I shared a charcuterie board, which featured a very impressive variety of cheeses, spreads and meats, including duck prosciutto(YUM!) and elk sausage. We also had the steelhead trout, which was great. The cocktails were also unique and delicious. The "Old Grey Wolf" cocktail is a must try. I'm giving it 4 stars because I haven't decided if the prices are justified. It is a pricey place. I have no problem with spending big money for a good meal, but I've had food just as good or better at other places for the same or less money. I guess I will just have to go back and find out!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,2/22/2014,1,8,3,2,1>Thai Lavosh!  Gettin turnt up on this food and atmosphere is way too easy to do.  Staff, environment and food quality blows the top off most all other staples in the Old Market.  Not to mention the price point is super accommodating.  Whether you're trying to pull off a match.com one and done, taking your in-laws out behind the woodshed, or looking for a lunch time bloody mary and quick sandwich turn to M's and you won't be let down.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,2/21/2014,16,70,,4,3>If you're visiting the Zoo, this is the place to eat.Although the menu features the Kong burgers, I usually prefer the other fare. They have the cheapest steaks in town, especially when they're on special on Sunday and Wednesday. The flavor is good, and they're fairly tender. The gyros are my favorite entree, though I usually pull off some of the onions. The  Tzatziki sauce on the gyros isn't always consistent; recently it's been more like runny sour cream, but I still like it.The salads come with oil/vinegar dressing, olives, feta cheese, tomatoes, and a pepper. If you order an entree salad, you can get it with a generous helping of Gyro meat. Although there isn't much choice in how the salad is prepared, it's one of the best bets in this part of Omaha for something bordering on healthy.They have an unusual rice+potato+bean side dish. The fries are consistently good, with a generous helping of seasoned salt. Don't forget to try the sweet, flaky baklava.As of spring, 2013, prices ranged from $5.99 for a 1/2 pound single hamburger to $13.99 for a 2-pound Super Kong burger with bacon or mushrooms. Once or twice a year, as a gift to the community, the owner opens the doors and provides free meals to everyone. This is a spectacular act of generosity.The atmosphere is very informal, with all manner of King Kong and gorilla-themed decorations--if you have kids, "count how many gorillas you see" is a great activity here.These comments are equally applicable to all three King Kong locations in Omaha.Nearby alternatives: A few miles to the south, there's Stella's if you're after stellar hamburgers. If you want something creamy with a burger, and the weather's nice enough to eat outside, try Zesto's to the south and across 13th (Zesto's is closed for repairs in 2013). Fast food chains and ethnic restaurants abound if you head north on 13th St.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,3/14/2014,73,37,,5,3>As I do not have the appearance of a typical runner, I often get treated differently in athletic stores than those who appear to be more athletic.  With certainty, I can say that this is NOT the case at Peak Performance!  Their staff is helpful to all those who walk in.  While I went in looking for shot blocks (large selection, by the way), I wandered around the store, and never felt pressured to buy anything else or leave quickly.  As I am not in the market for new running shoes yet, this will be the first place I go when I need new shoes this summer.  Other positives is their support of the Omaha Running Club and their weekly runs on Wednesday nights.  Feel free to ask them any questions you might have regardless of your ability!  They are more than happy to help!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,3/13/2014,0,13,,2,1>I grew up in Chicago's Albany Park area and we had lots of family owned ethnic grocery stores and I can say that this takes me right back there.  The deli here is just amazing, I will go there sometimes to buy a quart of thier famous homemade salsa and fried corn chips and browse the deli case full of all sorts of delicious items.  I have tried to many things to mention but have never been dissapointed.  Well worth the trip, we usually stop there for chips and salsa to take with us to the zoo, it is only a few miles from there.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2014,3/12/2014,109,155,1,5,3>Cleanliness 4Service 4Food 3Likelihood 31-5 (5 Best!) 3.5After being away for over a year, we decided to give Wheatfields another try.  We stopped on on Sunday for lunch.  We were seated in the front sun room, 2 large adults and one small adult.  No way we were going to fit comfortably there.  We had to ask to be moved to a "grown up table."  Perhaps if a table on each side was removed there would be enough room for guests to be comfortable.  The serve was incredible, she did a good job.  Thank you!  The food was flavorful, and good portions.  I had what I ALWAYS get there, the hot turkey meal.  They are using their original gravy recipe again, GOOD!  My food was not hot.  If my meal would have been as hot as the extra gravy that was brought to the table AFTER my meal was delivered, it would have been most happy.  I think it sat in the expo too long, waiting to come out.Overall, it was a better experience than out last visit.  I would consider going again.  I long remember the days that WOW food and WOW service was the standard set by THIS restaurant.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,3/9/2014,1,7,1,5,3>Great place. Food is outstanding! Sit at the bar to eat and enjoy good company with the bartenders. Very reasonable prices. FYI, bottle of Layer Cake Malbec is $22 here ($35 at Charleston's on West Dodge). They also serve Stella Artois. Had a Jams burger with gorgonzola and balsamic onion marmalade -- 10.5 plus .95 for each extra. Wow! Best burger I have had in Omaha. My wife had char grilled Portobello mushrooms with basil aioli as her meal, with some soup. Both outstanding. Not  fancy environment. But, a place where you feel everyone knows your name.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,3/8/2014,19,6,1,11,3>I've been there for lunch twice in the last year. Both time the food and service were both excellent. I had a the asparagus soup a few days ago. Perfect. Creamy without being too rich. Just enough asparagus without having too much. The tenderloin sandwich with apricot mayo was very superb and so were the tavern fries. When I was there about six months ago I had Your New Favorite Sandwich. Its taste and texture is worthy of its name.The other day for lunch the opened up a garage door so it was like outdoor dining.This is a top notch restaurant with a innovative and fresh menu. The chef is legit with an attention to detail. Hoping to go back in the evening sometime with my wife to try something more than a sandwich.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,3/7/2014,65,42,23,11,8>So there was this girl I went to high school with who I really didn't know too well but my BFF was friends with her in grade school and she told me this story about this time she went to this girl's house when they were really young, like second grade, and her mom tried explaining to them that sex is "like chocolate." From then on, every time I had Calculus with this girl, I wondered what kind of weird key parties or tantric rituals this girl's mom was into and/or if it rubbed off on her.  While I probably wouldn't attempt to explain to an eight year-old the similarities between some delectable chocolate and a hot and sweaty sack session, I will tell you, able-bodied Yelp readers that the caramel macchiato cheesecake they serve for dessert at Dolce rendered me completely physically satisfied and yearning for a long nap and some kind of cigarette.Also, if you go here and do not try the scallops you have denied yourself possibly one of the great pleasures of your life. That sounds dramatic but I'm serious. Everything is exceptional. Bravo.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,3/6/2014,15,16,1,5,4>It's funny that we've lived across the street for about 6 months and not have tried this restaurant until now. I think it has something to do with it looking more upscale than a traditional fast food Chinese take out. Which led me to feel that it would be more expensive, but since it was in a strip mall, I put off trying it. So, tonight was the night. When we entered, there were no other patrons in the dining room. We were greeted promptly with a friendly smile. We were seated (where we choose). I noticed the place was clean, warm and inviting. I immediately felt at ease. When we started looking at the menu, I think I went into shock. It was VERY reasonably priced. My thought was I sure was wrong about this being very expensive. We ordered a lot, to try all of our usual favorites. I had the egg drop soup. I did not care for it. The soup was only warm, not hot. It had some corn in it. I thought that was odd, but maybe it's a regional thing. I also found it to be slightly thicker than soups I've enjoyed at other places. Noticeably missing, was the cruchies I put into the soup. My guest had the won ton. He enjoyed that. It appeared to have larger than usual noodles/won tons. We were served the egg roll and crab ragoons. The egg roll was pretty good. Comparable to any Chinese take out. The crab ragoons were a little different. The stuffing was unique. Then the pot stickers came. I first noticed a slight oily coating. I took a bite and felt there was too much wrap. I had a couple and decided I didn't like them because there was simply too much dough. Then, I decided to try something. I cut the top off of the pot sticker and they became a perfect size and flavor combination with the dipping sauce. The entrees arrived quickly. I got very excited, My General Zsoa Chicken looked delicious. I took a bite and was very pleased. The chicken was crisp covered with the tasty sauce, which had a bit of fire, but managable. My guest had sweet and sour chicken. His looked better than mine. The sauce came with real onion, pepper, carrots and pineapple. I stole a bite from his plate. Absolutely delicious! We asked for to go containers- I'm sure I will eat the rest later tonight. All in all, we had a great visit. The restaurant is really clean and nice. Some of the appetizers were just ok, but the entrees were great. ESPECIALLY for how inexpensive the menu is. I see that this restaurant has used GROUPON as a marketing tool. Although it may be a cliche. You should put paper menus in togo bags!!! The server and or manager should remind guests that this location has a drive up window for call ahead orders. I noticed it, but others might not. Although I would order some take out in a hot second, I forgot to get a menu and I'd have to look up the phone number.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,3/5/2014,0,96,3,10,5>My experience is rather different than that of most the reviewers, I fear. I was at market basket in the late afternoon, on a Wednesday, for a gathering/meeting. Our group was alone in that half of the restaurant. We were attended to by the manager, Jessica. She did a great job. The snacks that were provided were fruit, bread, and some mini quiches that were fabulous. They also have a decent wine selection. About 6pm, after the meeting, I decided to stay and have a meal. At the time, there were only one or two tables filled with patrons. Jessica was quite gracious and accommodating. She seated me at a warm, comfortable table in a corner; perfect for someone who is eating alone. (I hate it when places want to seat us lone diners in the center of the room...) Granted, were it busier, I doubt I would have gotten quite such attentive service. I had the beet appetizer, and the kale salad. Both were quite tasty. My only issue was with the julianned vegetables in each; their fine, long shape, combined with the style and shape of the fork, made for difficult eating. Quite hard to do it mannerly, or delicately. Ha. But, as far as taste, both were good. The ambiance, while I was there, was absolutely perfect for a date. But I have no idea if that was the normal ambiance. I felt the prices were a tad high, but were still in line with the portion size, etc. If you throw in the wonderful service I received, it was a perfect ratio. It's not exactly close to where I live or work... but I am tempted to try to make it back occasionally for dinner.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,3/4/2014,13,6,1,7,4>When I found out that an Abelardo's had opened up near me, I thought it was a mistake. When I lived in midtown, I'd stop by there all the time as the food was tremendous. I hadn't had a chance to go back...until today.I ordered the burrito and enchilada combo (chicken) which came with rice and beans, a fish taco and a side of three taquitos with guacamole and cheese. Sound like a lot? It was. I hadn't had a fresh meal in a good day and a half, so I was going to take advantage of it. Taquitos were fantastic. Nice and crispy and the guac was perfect. The fish taco was full of flavor and a pleasure to devour. The burrito and enchilada were both huge and the rice and beans both fresh and a lovely end to the meal.Here's the skinny: You want the most authentic Mexican food in Omaha outside of one/a kitchen with abuela's recipes handed down? Not Taco Bell, not Taco John's (this ain't Tex-Mex). Throw them both out the window, drive through 24 hours a day, get breakfast or your standard day fare for a comparable price as either of the above.It's drive-thru only, but trust me, you won't care.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,3/3/2014,26,33,2,11,7>So the early bird might get the worm ... but that worm isn't always as tasty as the one the rest of us get when we finally get around to it.Metaphorically, of course. I mean, unless you like worms.Case in point: I'd actually actively avoided BB because I heard mixed reviews on the food after it first opened. But apparently a few months (and, I'm told, a possible menu takeover by Block 16?) is all it needed to ramp up to deliciousness.Because holy cow, you guys. I can't speak for everything on the menu, but the Farm Burger alone is enough to make me want to go back week after week after lip-smacking week. It's a perfectly-cooked patty (I went with the Wagyu beef, but bison is also an option), topped with tart apple-bacon jam, smoky mozzarella and the perfect crunch from two fried house pickles.So. Good.It's also a super chill place with a nice design and really friendly staff. The one letdown of my night was that they were out of hard cider ... at 6:45 p.m. on a Friday, no less. So the Chai-bite (a mix of their own Karha-T and hard cider) was out. Womp. Womp.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,1/11/2014,54,368,4,5,2>Alas...after 13 years, 126,000 miles, a bazillion conversations and just as many memories...it was time to retire the Mazzy (our little nickname for the Mazda) to car heaven. OK, so perhaps car "heaven" is a bit of a stretch, seeing as how this resembles something out of a movie, with miles and miles of cars and car parts stretching across the distance. On a Sunday afternoon, selling my car to salvage was easy, friendly, efficient....and fair. While getting a bit sentimental, I was told to think of it like organ donation. Some car somewhere will have a second chance at life because they were able to get parts from our li'l Mazzy.Sweet dreams my dear ol' friend.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,NA,49,98,,2,1>I found this place by accident. We were getting a 4d ultrasound next door and noticed a baby store next door! We were just browsing around and the cloth diapers piqued our interest. The woman working was soooo helpful. She answered a million questions and had great recommendations. We ended up going the cloth route based on all her info and the research we did after leaving the store. They have great options for newborn diapers as well: diaper service or starter kits. We opted to purchase and keep the diapers for our next one or resell. The store has very high quality items and tons of natural options as well, which is what attracted me to it initially. The baby junk card is also a great deal...10% off! We have purchased rockabye baby cd's, diapers, belly bands for post partum recovery, amber necklaces and tons more is on our list! Our new favorite baby store!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,1/9/2014,12,24,,2,1>The food was very tasty. The drunken noodles were the best. The place was intimately small and service was prompt. My only complaint was they have a TV playing in the background and that make conversation difficult. It is too small a place and the noise of a TV to talk over. Remove that from the space and I could give it a five.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,1/8/2014,21,16,,4,1>From the exterior this appears to be a small mom and pop neighborhood place.  One step inside and you find it's much more than that. There is a small bar and a nice waiting area for busy nights.  This was my first time there and a guest of someone who spoke highly of it.  I was IMPRESSED.The waitress could not have been more pleasant.  When asked, gave honest and candid opinions about what was great and what was EXCELLENT.  My companion told me the ravioli was a good as her grandmother made (and you know grandma's cooking is ALWAYS good).  The waitress agreed it was excellent mentioned the spaghetti pasta was homemade as well.  I opted for the lasagna.   If you have a small order it comes with one meatball, large has two.  I ordered the half order.  At the suggestion of the waitress we ordered the mozzarella sticks.  It was probably the best version I have had.  The cheese itself is wrapped in pasta and then very lightly breaded and fried.  HUGE size pieces and you get 8 in an order/Next is a nice size dinner salad that comes with a homemade dressing.  It was not your typical vinegary Italian, but slightly sweet and very pleasant.  The lasagna arrived and portion was huge.  I only ate about 1/2 and brought the rest home.We did find room to be able to split a dessert....they have homemade cream puffs that are amazing.  They are a nice size and you have a choice of vanilla, chocolate or (and what we had) is a sweet vanilla sour cream filling.  It was topped off with a cherry pie filling type sauce.I was very impressed with the food, the staff and the pricing is good too!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,1/7/2014,4,28,,3,2>I love The Jaipur.  I could eat here every single day.  My absolute favorite thing here is the spinach stuffed naan--creamy and flavorful.  From the dinner menu, my favorite dish is chicken buhna.  From the lunch menu, my favorite dish is the chicken tikka wrap.  The grilled lamb is wonderful, as well as the salmon byriani (if you don't like heat spice, ask for less because it is pretty spicy).  The mint chutney takes everything up a level.  You could eat that like soup.  Speaking of soup, their soup is delicious--tangy and spicy.  The desserts are great too-mango kulfi, pastacio kulfi, and the kheer--alllllll soooo gooooood.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,1/6/2014,46,281,,6,2>From their webpage: " Owned by two local chefs, Jim Trebbien and Mike Combs, Chef2 carries a wide selection of products including over three-dozen varieties of olive oil and vinegar, sea salts and health and beauty products."They opened June 2013.  I've been in several times.  The first time, the young woman there could not have been less interested in me.  The store is nice looking and has two rows of jugs with olive oil on one side and vinegar on the other.  You can try samples by just drinking or with small pieces of bread that they provide.  The concept was not something that I had seen before so I was asking her some questions.   She was just not going to provide me with any information so I just walked my happy little a** out of there.  Whatever, lady!I went back with a friend yesterday.   There were two people working, a man and a woman, both of whom could not have been more helpful and super nice.  They explained the entire concept and made several suggestions.  In addition to the oils and vinegars, they offer many different salts and sugars, locally handmade vegan soaps, and gift ideas.   One thing that really interested me was the molecular gastronomy kits (one for cooking and one for cocktails).  I think it would be really fun but at $59.95 decided it might be a good gift for later.  They said they have/will have some classes that range from basic (how to make a salad dressing) to more foodie like (cooking ideas) that might help those who are a bit intimidated in the kitchen.   As someone who always makes their own salad dressing, a store like this is great.  I am looking forward to trying some of the unusual oils and vinegar for salad dressing in the near future.  They do have a truffle salt too--super delicious!!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,1/5/2014,16,104,,7,6>In response to my ill advised review about not so great hot dogs at the turn, I received a personal message from the owner apologizing for the experience and asking for the opportunity to make it right. That shows not only a lot of class, but an honest desire to put out a quality meal. Brian, you bet I'll be back for another go round! Posting a 1 star review based on a hot dog from the bar at a place that is obviously so much more shows a serious lapse of judgement on my part. Apologies to Caddy's and all of us that take these ratings seriously.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,1/4/2014,0,13,,2,>I should first say that I grew up in Chicago and I have had deep dish Chicago pizza probably more then 200 times.  That being said, unless I want to go to Chicago this is the best I am going to get in Omaha.  The stuffed pepperoni is my favorite and it is pretty good.  Is it giordanos, no, Leona's, no.  But for a local joint it does the trick.  Pudgy is an old school restaurant owner and shows this every time I go, he puts the customer first.  They even have old style most times I go.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,1/3/2014,20,23,,3,2>I've eaten here 3 times so far (many, many more to come), and the food is an easy 5 stars. The carne asada burrito is extremely tasty. The churros are a nice dessert as well. Food is very inexpensive, fast, and yummy. This place is open 24 hours. I believe they serve breakfast burritos all day, but I have yet to try one. We ate inside here once, though, and the cashier was not very friendly at all, hence only the 4-star rating. My recommendation is to just use their drive-thru. Excellent late-night or post-drinking food as well.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,1/2/2014,50,99,,7,4>Nosh is an upscale wine bar just north of the Old Market.  Great decor, ambiance and crowd.The wine by the glass selection is very good - I saw 2 or 3 options in each variety.  I usually don't order an entire bottle, so I didn't look too close here.  We tried two flat breads (a balsamic and a meat) - both were excellent.  They also have martinis, hard liquor and craft beer, so you can invite your non-wino friends.As far as some of the negative reviews go, remember that this is a wine bar, not a restaurant.  You go there to drink good wine, talk with your friends and have some appetizers.  It has gotten popular as of late, so sometimes its at full capacity.  Omaha needs more places like this.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,6/2/2014,51,901,3,8,5>Shout out to Dale, who has mentioned Mariscos Los Willy's to me several times, and just this week I finally wrote it down on a Post-It note. I took that note to our Yelp Burger Brigade dinner where I told Matt M. all about it. Matt was as quickly enamored with this place as Dale (who originally discovered it by scooter happenstance - i.e. Food Fate) and has been back twice in as many days. I think he also has plans to go again today... Last night, I finally made it down with some of the usual suspects and somehow ended up out of my element in a whole new delicious world. It pays off big time to go rogue sometimes. This place isn't searchable on Yelp (yet, though Matt has since added it), has a personal Facebook page (but no company page), isn't on Urbanspoon (yet, I just added it) and is pretty much totally absent on Google.The most interesting tidbits I was able to find came from a flyer on Facebook that reads something like this (thanks Google translate and my shaky recollection of 5 years of Spanish):#1 for Seafood Omaha - Shrimp Aguachile specialists - 100% Sinaloa-style seafood.Fish Tacos: Wednesday buy 3 and get the 4th free!Hours: Wednesday to Monday 9:30 am - 9pm. Located at: 3216 Q Street, Omaha, NE 68107Lesson learned though, ordering something just because it's on special from a food truck where the menu is not in English may not be something I should gravitate to - at least before Googling some things first. I knew about 12 of the words on the menu board upon arrival. Luckily I'm not intimidated enough to NOT order or eat food from a truck where I only understand 54% of the menu and can't easily communicate with the person taking orders. Then I proceeded to eat what looked like raw shrimp and scallops.Living on the wild side in Omaha!The special in question was the Aguachiles. At $15.00 it seemed like something that HAD to be tried. A $15 food cart menu item? We had to find out what it was...Turns out it was raw shrimp (and later, scallops), brined and cured in a concoction of lime juice with peppers and spices, served with onions and cucumbers. A quick Google search would have revealed that easily.And, for the record, it wasn't 'technically' raw... the citric acid in the juice "cooks" the fish, without changing its "raw" taste. Anyway, it looked raw. Tasted good though. That wasn't really my favorite dish (though according to the flier this is their expertise). In any case, our group wasn't really hesitant about digging in.The other items we sampled knocked it out of the park though. Like the Tostadas Mixtas: a tostada loaded up with amazing cerviche including shrimp, fish, octopus, and probably other sea-dwelling animals; or the Pescado (fish) tacos. Also the Camaron (shrimp) tacos. Where are they getting this seafood, because it was all crazy delicious. And perfect for those hot summer days coming up where you don't feel like cooking. There's seating outside with a covered tent, and plenty of festive music to go along with your meal. This will definitely be added to our restaurant rotation - and next time I'll come a bit more prepared, though you have to be willing to go with the flow a bit here.Also, maybe this should go without saying, but it's CASH only folks. And brushing up on your espanol ahead of time will only help when it comes time to order.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,6/1/2014,6,21,1,4,2>I have to say I have only used this company when moving. And I have moved several times. This company came through for me in a pinch when I mistakenly deviated from using them to another company- who failed to show up on the day of my move when I had tenants scheduled to be in the following day. 2M came same day and there was no up charge. They are consistently professional and efficient. I have never had damage to my residences or my furniture when using them. Lesson learned. Don't skimp. If you have more than a couple pick up trucks full of stuff at this point in your life- spend the few hundred and hire it out!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,5/31/2014,1,3,,6,2>It took me about 5 months of getting haircuts at random places to find Brenda's. Since I'm in the service, I usually get a haircut every 2 weeks and I finally stumbled across Brenda's. I must say the 4 haircuts I received were very good. I will be coming back for sure. It's a good off-base alternative.The haircuts are priced at $10. I get a skin fade (no guard) which gets pretty close to skin for my liking. If you bring a shaving razor, a couple of the barbers will do the skin shave for an additional $5.I like supporting local businesses. I try to stay away from the chains because they don't seem to care.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,5/30/2014,0,7,,2,1>This is a real South Omaha restaurant with a real South Omaha feel to it. I go here a lot, the food is amazing. You could open the menu and randomly pick something and you won't be dissapointed. They use Grade A beef and its pretty good mix of people you see dining here. The prices are very fair and the staff are friendly. This is my favorite place to eat and I've been going here for years.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,5/29/2014,18,8,,4,3>This is a great school my children have been going here for years. Plus my aunts and uncles went to this school as well. My daughter is a six grader so this is her last year here it's been a journey. From pre k to sixth grade. But she enjoyed every year. Made student of the month every year. Did safety patrol and sports . Thanks to Minne Lusa ....
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,5/28/2014,43,47,3,4,3>A wonderful new(ish) addition to downtown Omaha and particularly, a place where I can trust I'm going to get good coffee. As someone who isn't strictly vegan but both enjoys vegan food and has friends who are vegan, I really enjoy that Culprit has committed to always having a vegan baked good option (at least one) on a given day. I've personally tried the peanut butter cookie and it was outstanding! The only downside, as others have said, is their lack of outlets. A bummer since it's such a large, open, inviting space where I would think people would want to hang out for an extended period of time.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,5/27/2014,22,154,,5,2>Highly recommend this place. The cocktails are $10 a pop, and completely worth it. Sit at the bar to watch the bartenders work their magic and ice to magically change shape from a cube to a sphere. It's like a science experiment going on at the bar, and people are getting cozy at the booths across the restaurant. The Dill Collins is my new go-to drink. I could drink a pitcher of that stuff all day.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,5/26/2014,2,34,1,4,1>The old manager, whom I mentioned in my previous review as the source of its decline, is no longer with Charlie's on the Lake! Mitch, the new manager, who has been with the restaurant for over ten years, has taken over and has completely turned the place around. I can't begin to enumerate the positive changes he's made!The food quality is back to what we remember. Appetizers were terrific... My chicken was cooked perfectly... My wife's salmon was done absolutely right... The bread was warm and delicious! Oh, and the drinks were top notch!We sat on the patio last night and enjoyed the first warm evening of spring. Lots of other patrons had the same idea. Building the new expanded patio was a great business decision and the views of the lake are excellent.Special mention goes to our server, Denae. Her vibrance, personable attitude, and professionalism makes her a real star! She is absolutely tops!If you've not been to Charlie's recently, it's time to go again. Mitch and his team have done great things and we can't wait to go back!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,5/25/2014,50,99,,7,3>This is a very nice coffee house. It's as good or better than ones I've been to in KC, Denver, Portland and Maui.  (It's been awhile since I frequented Caffeine Dreams.)I like the physical layout - three main seating areas and a small outdoor patio. No problem finding a table to enjoy your coffee.  There's also an 'arts stage' where music and other events can happen. Their '2 for $6' menu is great for the morning. I tried an Ethiopian and pecan roll - both good. Next time I'll order a latte and see how good the espresso and barista are.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,5/24/2014,173,319,,7,3>Prior to my visit to the The Drover I had enjoyed an Omaha Steak at Johnny's Cafe and I felt myself getting caught up in trying yummy steaks from different restaurants.  After completing my volunteer hours near by I headed on over to The Drover for lunch.  It was my very first time coming to this restaurant and I was quite thrilled that I was near by to try it. I stepped in and was welcomed by dimmed lighting and a warm atmosphere.  I was seated swiftly by the hostess and given the specials right away.  I knew I wanted the luncheon steak when I walked in but as soon as the hostess told me about surf & turf, butterfly shrimp and the luncheon steak, I knew that was the one for me.  I was a tad worried that the butterfly shrimp would be over cooked, which happens so easily at times, but I was clearly surprised.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked without any rubbery texture to it. The shrimp went well with my whiskey drenched 7 oz sirloin steak.  My meal came with either a soup or salad bar and chose the salad bar. It was all right, there were many choices of toppings and such for the salad.  I usually prefer spring mix salad, but the main salad was fine.  When my steak and shrimp finally came I finished every bit of it.  It was so delicious and tasty I am so glad I stopped by for lunch.  Someday I hope to enjoy it again soon, perhaps with my co workers or boyfriend as well.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,7/12/2014,53,68,1,6,4>What an amazing experience!  Our waiter was a wine genius,  and he wasn't even the somolier! The food and atmosphere is unique and delightful.  More expensive than your average meal out,  but well worth it.  Everyone needs to spoil themselves occasionally, right?We were walked through the menu when we asked for suggestions. The waiter bubbled enthusiastically about the cooking processes and  the origins of the ingredients, and we wanted to taste everything!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,7/11/2014,17,103,1,10,4>This was my first trip to Spezia, and I was very impressed!  I'm glad we made a reservation, previously we had tried to visit, only to be told it was going to be almost a 2hr wait.Our server was awesome, seriously, the best server I've had in recent memory!  She went above and beyond and gave comments and suggestions as needed.  I enjoyed the eggplant parmesean, and my husband had the pork tenderloin picatta.  Each dish was great!  Served piping hot, not too much sauce- which is a pet peeve of mine with Italian food.To finish the night, we enjoyed tiramisu.  House made, and incredible!  Along with a seasonal coconut cake dessert that was also delicious, but no where close to the all-star tiramisu.I can't say how soon I will be back, but I'm glad that I finally tried this place.  A good time was enjoyed by both.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,7/10/2014,30,64,,6,2>Very friendly people!Had my first experience with this new venture that Tide has rolled out and came away nothing short of astonished. Talk about a forward thinking business plan that may very well turn the industry upside down.  A few points where they shine:----- A kiosk for after hours pick up, much like a redbox, put in your card and your clothing comes to you through a small slit/door------ Email when dry cleaning is ready.------ Open on Sundays------ 50% off for first time customers-------And of course drive throughI fully expect to see these popping up everywhere and putting the others out of business.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,7/9/2014,9,52,3,5,3>Tara has a spa room inside the Nails R Us on 168th and Dodge. It's in the plaza with the Fantasy's Gas Station... which is important so that you DON'T go to the nail shop actually in the Village Pointe shopping area! I was about 5 minutes late because I went to the wrong place at first! But she was very accommodating and patient and once I arrived everything calmed down quickly. She is there waiting at the door to the nail salon when you arrive.I bought the groupon for an express facial. It's worth the discounted price! The room is cozy and the table is comfy. You have the option of taking off your clothes and getting under the covers, or keeping it all on and laying on top. Either way, you'll want to take off your shoes and socks for the wonderful foot massage that comes included with your facial! (She does it while your mask is setting).I took off one star because she never really examined my face to see what I needed... I assume the facial she gave me was for combination skin or was general enough to not require an examination of any sort. It may also be because it was the express facial, and maybe if you purchase one of the longer, more "corrective" type facials, she'll actually examine your skin to see what you require. I will say, the express facial was so great I am definitely looking forward to a longer facial by her in the near future!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,7/8/2014,34,14,4,5,4>In times where you're looking for food,And nothing seems to fit your exact mood,You can swing down to the Blatt,Sit down for a spat,And then just order the Chicken n Waffles!Seriously, the waffles are cornbread based with a hint of jalapeño spice. The wing batter is crispy and whether you're a dipper and decide to use the cracked black pepper ranch, or walk the wildside by using the syrup instead, you can't go wrong. And for $10 bucks? C'MON!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/7/2014,7/7/2014,8,54,,4,3>We decided to try out the Salty Dog on a Saturday evening, knowing the prime rib was the special for the night.  We arrived later than planned, about 7:30PM, and the place was packed.  We grabbed the last empty table in the place.The music was loud enough that it made holding a conversation nearly impossible, but then again it was 7:30 and it is a bar!  Service was outstanding for as crowded as they were.  My drink was never empty the entire time we were there.  I ordered the prime rib and our server recommended the buffalo chicken soup as my side instead of the salad.   I really wanted to save my appetite for my steak, but went ahead and ordered it with full intention of taking it home for lunch the next day.  Made a big mistake...I tasted it.  OMG it was so delicious.  I kept trying to put my spoon down, but kept picking it back up and taking another bite...until it was gone!  YUM!  I ordered my prime rib med-rare, but it came out medium.  It was a large cut of meat, not overly fatty.  It wasn't the best piece of prime rib I've had, but some of that could be attributed to the fact it was over cooked for me.   It also could have used a little more seasoning.  The steak is served with a baked potato and grilled Texas toast.  I got the smaller cut of prime rib, and still had more food than I could finish.The Salty Dog is a nice place to go for a meal or a just a drink.  It's definitely steps above bar food, and the employees are very welcoming and offer excellent service.  Next time you're in CB I'd recommend giving this place a try.  I will definitely be back.!   Try.The.Soup.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/6/2014,84,127,8,9,5>I have to say I was thrilled to see a gastropub make its way into the slowly evolving culinary coolness of Omaha. I'm not sure if we're cool yet, but we're getting there. I'm giving Pig & Finch 4 stars because I believe that food is the most important part of dining out, but as a diner I still want an overall exceptionally pleasant experience. Good news first. The menu really is exciting. As soon as I began reading, my eyes began to dart from buzz word to buzz word, and I couldn't decide which item to fully read first! Once I calmed down enough to really decide, I ended up ordering the kale caesar salad and a side of the short rib mac and cheese. Yes, my name is Natalie and I am a mac and cheese junkie. I can hear the chorus of "Hi Natalie" ring out. The space is quite small. And the serving staff seems unfamiliar with the general flow of things. It's a new restaurant so I was prepared to cut them some slack, but if you think about it, new restaurants really should be knocking it out of the park when they open to garner repeat business. Our server was fine, nothing great. No major issues, but again if you're going to make a good impression, now is the time! The hostess was a little on the arrogant side. By that I mean she acted like she had been working there for a long time (impossible) and that we, the patrons paying her wages, were annoying because we had never been there before. Not the warm welcome I was expecting. Service aside, the food really was splendid. The mac and cheese had big chunky noodles, not those piddly little elbows like my mom always used. I was a bit worried that the cheese might get lost amidst the robust beef flavor, but it was actually a perfect compliment. The two dishes marry very well, without overpowering the other. I also liked that they did something special with their choices of greens. It's easy to put all your focus on the "stars" of the menu, but I was impressed with how fun and fresh their salads were. The kale was a great change up from the classic romaine in a caesar, and paired well with the nuttiness of the parmesan shavings. I would venture to guess that they make their own sourdough croutons, but didn't ask in case I was disappointed. I'd just like to think they do...even if they don't. I'm a fan of the decor--as you look toward the kitchen a brightly-colored mural really gives a pop of color. And of course any time a wall is painted a deep purple, I'm happy. :) Another cute little touch were the logo-emblazoned sandwich picks. They will add an automatic 20% tip on groups of 6 or more, so be aware of this if you choose to dine with a large party.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/5/2014,20,68,,5,2>I finally made the trek to Bellevue to try these infamous burgers. Lets just say, I was not disappointed! I went with a cheeseburger and added mayo, peanut butter, and a fried egg. It was delicious! Next time I will be sure to ask for extra peanut butter, this seriously is what makes the burger. Where the money is really at though, is those sweet potato fries! They may very well be better than the burger itself. They are perfectly fried and seasoned just right. I can't wait to go back and get it again.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,7/4/2014,179,204,3,5,4>The fried catfish was very tasty and seasoned deliciously. I recommend calling your other in aheadf you are in a hurry. Good, tasty & fresh meal.Raspberry lemonade was the perfect tasty blend of sweet & tart. Fresh cinnamon spiced yams was a serious treat to my taste buds. Servicer was awesome, friendly and very nice!  Finally, I can say, I'll be back somewhere!!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,7/3/2014,74,236,,6,3>If you can overcome the fact that 1) There is only really one person working.  She is the cook, waitress, and cashier! and 2) Service is pretty slow, you will be surprised by the awesomeness of this lady's cooking!  Each time my family and I go here, we get something different and each time, we are surprised by the decadence that comes on our plates.  You should try it and you'll see!  I'm actually real particular about customer service, but the food really makes up for it.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,4/23/2014,84,127,2,8,5>I had to go downtown to get my marriage license (woo hoo!) and since I don't make it dt near as often as I would like, I wanted to try Flavors. I've heard good things about it recently, and am told that it was closed for a while for repairs/renovations, but it's hopping now! I went just before the lunch rush and I'm glad I got seated before a tidal wave of people arrived.I don't do a lot of buffets, but the smells wafting from the chafing dishes were enchanting, so I hoped for the best. For the most part, I wasn't disappointed. There is a selection of various dishes that changes, probably daily. The Chicken Korma was my favorite. It was mild, but had very pronounced notes of coriander and cumin. There was a lamb dish I didn't recognize (can't remember the name) that was good but was a bit heavy on the cinnamon. Very good curries on the buffet, I'd suggest trying any of them. My main complain with the food was the naan... it's simple but it has to be done right. I don't know if it was a result of having sat out too long or there was a problem with the cooking itself, but the naan I had was gooey and pasty. It had nice char marks on it, but wasn't pleasant to eat.The decor is modern, and isn't overt. The design and vibe fit the restaurant, but it isn't trying too hard to say "Hey! This is an Indian restaurant!" like so many do.They do have limited hours so call ahead if you're not going around a typical American mealtime.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,4/22/2014,58,216,2,10,6>The fact that this place let's you put things like a fried egg and pb&j on a burger is the definition of awesomeness...had me a double cheese with egg and pb&j with a side of onion rings...upon receiving the food, I wanted to shed a tear at the beauty of it...and after taking that first bite I swear angels were singing...the grease turned the napkin clear, so that was a treat lol...and yes it's totally messy, but that's also part of the appeal...the service was really good considering how busy it was...sat at the bar since waiting for a table would have taken far too long...is it worth the drive? Yes...is it worth the wait? Yes...
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,4/21/2014,17,103,,7,3>Completely exceeded my expectations!We walked in on a Friday night, (not recommended if you plan to go..)  Lucky for us, a couple did not show up for their reservation and we were seated right away.  The whole time we were there the place was packed.  Ambiance is perfect, warm, not loud and inviting to settle in for a while.Our server was fantastic, he was helpful with the 'Italian' menu, (no seriously, it's all in Italian and there is a glossary of terms on the back page to help!)  and made suggestions based on his favorites and asking us questions about what we like. They say 'family style' but the portions are not huge, however we left beyond satisfied.  In house made smoked pork sausage, hand made pasta, and little details such as pickled vegetables on the meat tray and marinated Bing cherries in the Manhattans, made this place memorable.My only thumbs down was an overly salted pasta dish, which in turn made the sausage seem very salty. The other spices were not lost, but I felt the bolognese was a tad on the salty side.  This is my only complaint and it will not keep me from coming back.  In fact I'm craving their pasta tonight, so it won't be long before I'm back.Recently, the Word Herald named this one of the best restaurants of 2013.  I agree wholeheartedly.  The fact that the owner also runs Darios, you know this place is a class act.  I hope you are around for many years Avoli!Salute!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,4/20/2014,34,14,13,22,20>I never tried The French Cafe before it closed but I doubt it came close to the meal I had at Le Bouillon and the menu that took over. If you've ever eaten at the Boiler Room, you know that chef Paul Kulik's meals are incredible. The menu at Le Bouillon took French comfort to a level I didn't know possible. Three of us decided to just eat family style. I recommend this to everyone. We started with toast appetizers. One featuring rock shrimp, the other a rabbit rillette. This was followed quickly by a double helping of magnificent charcuterie of red wine salami and one of the most delicious chicken liver mousse plates I've ever tried (the extra addition of duck fat and pickled fennel brought this dish to another level).For our meal, duck cassoulet (you'll want to eat it all yourself) and skirt steak cooked beautifully. And I'm not kidding, it was absolutely delicious yet still my least favorite part of the whole dinner. To top this off, a slice of Gateau Basque. Part cake. Part pie. All amazing fillies with almond paste and dried cherries. It's a must. That and a bottle of wine for the table and for three people the entire excursion was just over $100. WINNER!!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,4/19/2014,15,12,1,4,2>My two favorites at Upstream: Jambalaya and rootbeer. Their burgers are delicious, too. Bathrooms are always clean and some times there is a wait to be seated, like at peak times. Time and time again. Delicious food. We've eaten here several times in the last few years. Great service and the food is always delicious. The last time I was there they switched the shrimp used in the jambalaya to smaller shrimp. :(  I figured they probably ran out of the large ones? Who knows. It won't keep me from returning. Hmmmm, now I'm hungry for some jambalaya!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,4/18/2014,34,229,,9,2>My wife and I went to Taita for Valentines Day.  I made a reservation in late January as I knew all restaurants were going to be busy that night.  One of the things that caught my eye was their Valentines Day menu.  It was a special, 4-course meal and the items looked very unique, creative, and delicious.We walk in and immediately are seated.  To the left is the bar, with a very nice sea backdrop behind it.  The decor is very subtle and modern.We were seated, rather close to another party, and our waitress, who was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and very nice took our drink orders, left to go get our drinks, and came back and snagged our food order.  For Valentines Day, they had a 4-course meal.  For the second course, there was only two selections, so naturally, my wife got one item and I got the other:1st course: Tortellini of goat cheese and butternut squash, corn puree, garlic chips.My wife and I both got this and was some of the best ravioli that we've ever had.2nd course: Chilled and stacked potato torte, trout tartare, thai basil, fresh lump Dungeness crab / or / Seared scallop, house made bacon and corn relish, crispy seaweed. Again, both dishes were top notch and great.  The scallops were some of the best that I've ever eaten.3rd curse, Choice of:- Whole roasted Lubina seabass (for 2), papas bravas, japanese peppers, yuzu. - Spanish Serrano Ham wrapped Rockfish, mussels with corn cream, fingerling potatoes edamame. - Braised Wagyu Brisket, chili, tomatoes, potato puree.My wife got the Spanish Serrao Ham wrapped Rockfish and I got the Braised Wagyu Brisket.  Both were EXTREMELY delicious and cooked to perfection.  We loved the rockfish and the Wagyu beef was super tender.The desserts were good as well.  IT's the only part of the meal that I can't remember 100%.  One involved a vanilla-esque ice cream with a nice broth, and the other was a chocolate brownie of some sort.  Both were very good and a nice topper to the evening.Our whole experience, except for sitting so close to the party next to us, was great and an amazing choice to spend our Valentines Day.  Will my wife and I be going back?  I definitely hope so.  I would love to see how their normal menu items size up to their fantastic and imaginative Valentines Day menu.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,4/17/2014,8,16,,4,3>This is one of the better Thai restaurants we've found, and the prices are good. We have tried the Hot & Sour Soup and the Coconut Curry Soup. Both are REALLY tasty, but we recommend ordering them with tofu instead, as the chicken can get rather chewy otherwise. The Pad Thai is more sweet than I'm used to (I believe some of the other reviewers here say it's made with ketchup), but I still thought it was tasty. We have also tried the Eggplant dish. Only complaint here is that the eggplant was cooked a little too long, but the flavors were awesome. It didn't stop us from enjoying it.The little vegetable donut/fritters are very good! We'll keep coming back and trying more of the menu. We love Blue Orchid in Lincoln, but we feel we can get comparable food here for less money (we don't care about the lack of ambiance).
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,4/16/2014,7,29,,5,3>I wanted to visit the store at least 2 times before writing a review. Too often I would visit a place for the first timeand write a glowing review, only to have a bad experience during the second visit.Wohlner's is "On Point", from customer service to the  cleanliness of the store and being next door to my crib. Wohlners has real old school feeling.I am rating this a 4 because of the prices. However they do accept coupons and run specials which takes away the sting. They also offer you a choice between paper or plastic which shows that a hood store is doing thier part. If you purchase a Wohlner,s black shopping bag and use it during all your visits you will get an additional discount.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,4/15/2014,42,54,1,6,4>I had a "moment" this afternoon where I backed into my garage door and threw it off its track.  I looked around and found two GREAT reviews for Steve, and I called him first!  He was able to come out - after he completed a couple of other big jobs, and made it so our garage door was safe to use again!Steve is great!  If you have a problem that needs solving, give him a shout!!!  The work is stellar, the communication he provides so you know what's going on along the way is AWESOME, and the professionalism with which is works is outstanding!Now, we're awaiting Steve's estimates for repair of our current garage door AND installation of a new door!!! Thanks, Steve, for the amazing service you've provided to our family tonight!!!  We are definitely looking forward to working with you in the very near future!!!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/14/2014,105,425,2,7,5>I have not felt the need to rush home and write a review for a place for quite some time but this place is an exception. Everything was outstanding. The food was fantastic and the staff was exceptional. This is what a charcuterie plate should be. The meats were delicious as well as the cheeses and I was not made to feel like I had to beg for more bread like many other places. I left completely satisfied and thinking about my next visit already. Everything on the tray was great but the whiskey bacon is life changing.I really can't say enough good things about this place. If you haven't been there yet go try it - soon.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,11/22/2013,115,120,1,3,2>Came here again for happy hour and as always the quality of the food and service were top notch. Got seated right away at 5 with no reservation, and it was good that we got there when we did because at about 5:30 the place was 3/4 full (and on a Tuesday night with no special offers going on nonetheless!).Being frugal and modest--I'm calling it frugal and modest because calling myself poor is too close to the truth and as we all know the truth hurts sometimes--med students, we all ordered off of the happy hour menu and fantasized about the day when we'd be able to actually afford the true Essence of Fleming's hahah.As usual the prime burger was the highlight of the meal (and a steal at $6 from 5-7pm), but I was also happy to have discovered a new treasure on the menu--the braised pork belly appetizer! So tender yet so crispy, 'twas a perfect ratio of fat and meat. We only got 3 pieces and unfortunately there were 3 of us there so by the law of fair splits I only got 1 piece D: hahah.  So good though I'm definitely going to make that toothsome pork belly a routine item I order at Fleming's. 5 stars for the food and 5 stars for the service (again) because I asked the waiter if I could substitute the fries for mixed veggies or something, and he was very accommodating with my insane request to forgo heavenly streak fries for something unfried.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,11/21/2013,81,53,,1,1>El Basha is consistently good. I have been going here for years and a place I worked at years ago would even get El Basha to cater our company parties.The Humus wrap is one of my favorites. As others have said in reviews... it can sometimes be a bit messy, but well worth it. It has the even amount of veggies and hummus.Other favorites are the chicken shawarma wrap and the lamb kabab entree. The lamb kabab is really tasty, it comes with rice and your choice of soup or salad. The rose tea is also really nice.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,11/20/2013,9,8,2,5,1>Absolutely love this place. The burgers are amazing...don't hesitate to ask for a double or triple; it might not be listed on the menu, but they can whip it up really fast. It's pretty busy, so don't be surprised if it gets cramped in there during the evenings. Overall, though, great burgers, kick ass onion rings, and pretty good service add up to a great burger joint.The only reason that I am knocking off a star is the lack of credit card support. It's 2013...sign up for Square or something, it's not that unreasonable to expect credit cards to be an option.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,11/17/2013,10,7,,2,1>Amazing BBQ, friendly service, and a great experience. I lived in Texas for a while before moving to the west coast for college and found myself in a land of yummy burritos but lacked good BBQ. I recently moved back to the Midwest and have been hunting for quality BBQ and this is it. The food is amazing and they probably don't charge enough for it which of course means that I will be back again soon. The pulled pork was melting in my mouth and the brisket had so much flavor that I didn't see any need in adding some of their sauce (which also tasted great). Basically, you should eat here. 'Nuff said.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,11/16/2013,20,68,1,4,2>While the atmosphere may be a little bit less than wonderful, don't let it fool you. The service/servers are absolutely amazing here! It feels like a small town diner where if you go enough, they will even learn your names. All of the food items are huge and extremely flavorful! My two favorite menu items are the cornbeef hash and the breakfast burrito. They have a daily food board that offers new things each day so you could never get bored with eating there. If you haven't given Leo's a chance, trust me you are missing out!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,11/15/2013,26,7,,5,3>My all time favorite place in this cow town. The summertime just isn't done right without a few Saturday afternoons eating the cheese plate with my gal pals over a bottle of wine. Also, might I suggest any other item on the menu. I haven't had a bad selection yet. The atmosphere is the type that you don't feel in Nebraska and the shady patio offers a good amount of people watching. Or if you're not into staying amongst a crowd, pick a bottle of wine from the endless selection and enjoy it where you may.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,11/14/2013,1,4,,7,4>I have been to this restaurant twice, and have been blown away each time.  We are still talking about the peaky toe crab pasta from two years ago, and the wine selection is phenomenal.  The servers here are amazing...they seem to intuitively know when you will need them and are simply impeccable.  I am from the east coast, and I am hard-pressed to say I ever received a better quality meal or service while living there.  It's worth it!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,11/13/2013,3,1,,2,1>I travel all over the country and always try to eat at the local destination spots. Naturally, in Omaha beef is king. I've had steaks at all the best steakhouses coast to coast. If you're looking for a great steak in Omaha this is the place. It's old school! Walk in the door and step into the 60's-70's. If you're solo eat at the bar, bartender was great, service was great. Get the bone-in Ribeye med/rare. Side and salad are ok, nothing special but who cares! This is about the steak and The Drover delivered one of the best steaks I've ever had. Perfectly cooked, cut like butter, and the whiskey marinade is awesome.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/21/2013,11/12/2013,31,49,,1,1>Hungry? Get the bacon bloody mary. You can get your meat and vegetables all in one glass. Couple huge chunks of chewy bacon on top were more like jerky than bacon but I loved it just the same. Pretty cool atmosphere albeit loud. I am starting to get kinda old, however. If you're looking for cheap drinks, you'll have to go East or sign up for the Beer Society and get a lifetime of discounts.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,11/11/2013,0,96,,2,1>I am not the biggest beer drinker, but I tagged along when my companions wanted to go see what the fuss was about. It is well-deserved. The selection is akin to walking into a well-stocked bookstore; it's almost overwhelming, all the variety. What else is nice? Cider. I do drink Cider. And they have a great selection. I have to admit that, with all the choices, I did end up trying a couple of beers, too. ;-) I found the staff to be welcoming and friendly; even to a non-beer drinker like me. They didn't seem to mind that we took FOREVER just looking at all the types of beer; searching every shelf and cooler. Yes, the parking could be better, and maybe the hours a little later, but overall I really have no "cons" to add to my review.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,8/11/2014,0,6,1,2,2>I waited too long to return for my 2nd meal at Taste of Asia.  This visit was at 5PM, and my experience was just as positive as the first.  I switched from Thai to the Viet Namese part of the menu, enjoying the vermicelli with grilled chicken.  The dish was beautifully presented...the vegetables so fresh and crisp, the grilled chicken was moist but so flavorful.  I can't begin to say how good everything was, and that includes the service which is prompt, attentive and personalized.  If you haven't tried it yet, be sure to go!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,8/10/2014,9,6,1,2,1>Comfortable bistro with a great menu, although I don't think I'll ever get past the JUAN de FUCA tacos.  I may just order these every time!  They are as tasty as they are beautiful!  Stephanie stirred up a special Moscow Mule just for me!  When dining here, I have a designated driver, you see my hubby is a bud light only guy and they don't serve any domestic beer.  Good for me, sad for him!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,8/9/2014,6,5,3,2,2>I wanted my first Yelp review to be a Tavern that totally impressed me....Divide Hill Roadhouse near Castana, IA. It is an American restaurant / Tavern located in the country. This is a place to go to relax, have a meal and enjoy the scenery. They have a beer garden that looks over a large corn field and features a bonfire pit. When you walk into this Tavern, it smells really clean and it is clean. I had the chicken strips which were plentiful. A friend of mine had the spicy, sweet BBQ wings. He said they were the best. As we were sitting inside enjoying our meal, he pointed behind me and I looked and the Bartender of who was a ray of sunshine was washing the table and chair legs. Before leaving the restaurant, I sat out front on one of the benches and just enjoyed the scenery. This was my second visit and my third will be very soon. If you are ever near Castana, Iowa, this is a must stop by.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,8/8/2014,174,46,2,2,2>I had a wonderful time here with my friend =)We walked in and mind you my friend's leg is broken so we spoke with our hostess and asked if we could get a location where my friend could tuck her crutches away and sit comfortably because she also had a cast. We were seated promptly and our server Stephen came to greet us and seemed genuinely concerned about my friend.We orderedJOHNNY'S TOASTED RAVIOLIHEART OF ITALY COMBINATION x2and a mixed drinkSo....my mixed drink was taking quite a long time and even after the ravioli came out I was drinkless =(! Stephen followed up about the drinks status at the bar and because I had to wait so long he was able to give me my drink complimentary. =DBut....our food was taking forever =( was very hungry almost 30-45 minutes we were waiting! I try to be understanding because you know we came during dinner time but...I was hungry, so I asked our waiter to check up on the food again and he apologized again for it being so delayed. We finally got our food and it was great =D it came with so much though I pretty much took more then half togo.  Overall I was very pleased with the service =) and the food was good too~
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,8/7/2014,21,23,,16,15>I had an amazing time here! My bridesmaids took me here at the start of my bachelorette party. Even though we were a little loud and all dressed up: the four girls wearing a pin that said team bride and me wearing a crown with a vail coming from it, a sash that said bachelorette, and a big pin that said bride, they treated us very well. This was my first time getting a pedicure. They did my toes and hands at the same time! I really felt like they were treating me like a queen!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,8/6/2014,8,57,1,4,2>Another new stop and an overall nice experience.  First,  the ambiance and decor defies expectations for a non-descript strip mall restaurant.  The dining room is roomy, clean,  perfectly lit and shows as fine dining.  The waiter was EXCELLENT with both descriptions and suggestions and the food was well priced. I started with the spring rolls and the firecracker shrimp appetizers.  Both were nicely done but the shrimp in particular is worth a 2nd mention. The dish was well balanced and paired well with the house made chili sauce.  I am a HUGE fan of chili sauce when done right and this was top 3 anywhere I have been.For the main course I went with the spare rib special. I had a difficult time reaching that decision and part of me would like the decision back.  Although the peppers and the sauce were very nice, the ribs were on the dry side.Overall,  it was a 4 start experience and I will be back to try out some of the other main courses.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,8/5/2014,24,84,3,2,2>I love the fact that this was a bookstore that they turned into the bar and that they kept many of the original elements. It definitely has a unique/classy environment. Kind of a hipster vibe. I went in on a Monday after work, so naturally they were not very busy. They have an enormous beer selection, which unfortunately for me, I am not a big beer drinker, but I did enjoy the Rico cocktail. The service was good, and they had a nice small outdoor seating area. I would imagine that parking may be a little bit difficult with a busy weekend crowd, as from what I could tell the only places available were in the back, or, on Dodge Street, so good luck with that.The only thing I didn't like was music. I don't even know how I would categorize it. Maybe alternate alternative? I don't know I just know I hadn't heard it before and wasn't a fan.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/4/2014,13,20,1,2,1>Almost Music is a treasure. Brad's record selection isn't the largest in town, but he always has great records at a great price, always very clean. He mostly carries used records although he does stock some interesting new records in as well as a healthy local section. There is always interesting things floating through there, from the common classics in the $2 bin to the ultra rare $100 records!The bookstore portion is also well curated and it is easy to find a good read within a few minutes. Brad, the owner, is always present and is a very pleasant guy. Always willing to put a record on his turntable for you to listen before buying and perhaps offer you a cup of coffee while you are browsing. With all the recent growth in the Benson community, it was in need of a good record and bookstore again and Almost Music/Solid Jackson Books fits that need perfectly!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,8/3/2014,8,22,,4,2>I went to dinner here at about 6:30pm on a Wednesday with my brother's family (including 2 children). We walked in to a empty restaurant and were seated right away. The waiter brought us water, though they didn't have kid ups for my nieces. The menu is large and a bit pricey but the food was excellent. We ordered the Chicken Masala for the little ones and for the adults we had the Lamb Roganjosh, Chapala Pulusu, and the Dal Makhani. My sister-in-law had Muligatawny and said it was very good!The Chapala Pulusu was supposed to be salmon but ended up being tilapia (apparently other customers had complained about bones with the salmon-which just means it is real fish). I do wish we had been told when we ordered about the different fish, but it still tasted amazing. The Dal Makhani was the best dish in my opinion. It wasn't too spicy and had good flavor. The Lamb Roganjosh was good as well, though very spicy. We ordered everything medium and will being ordering mild next time. We had regular and garlic naan. Both were good, especially the garlic (always my favorite).
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2014,8/2/2014,8,80,1,7,2>It seems like the reviews for Mula are either hot or cold, so I will bravely venture to give a lukewarm review. I would give Mula a 3.5 if I could.  Food: we sampled several items in the menu. The winners were the Tortas and the salsa trio. I will describe everything that we tried.Yes, everyone says that the tortillas are small. The exact size is about the size of the palm of your hand or about 3" in diameter. The couple next to us made a point of telling us that the tacos are small. I don't know if they have any plans to enlarge the tortillas if this is a common complaint.Smoked ceviche: we were fooled into thinking that the ceviche would have a smoky flavor, but they explained the smoke is more of an effect than a flavor. Unique presentation in the jar, and it smoked when we opened it. Salsa trio: my favorite was tomatillo, even though the waitress didn't recommend it. My companion liked the pineapple habanero, even though it was too sweet for me. The chips were crisp and delicious.Tortas: this was the highlight for me. I ordered the carnitas torta, and the meat was crispy, tender, and flavorful. Special props because my companion is gluten free and they accommodated her by serving the torta in a lettuce wrap instead of bread.Helote loco: beautiful presentation but a little overpriced at $4 for an ear of corn. Reminds me of Mexican street food.Service: the server painstakingly explained the menu, which would be helpful if you were familiar with Mexican food. The service was slow and scattered. She forgot several things and we had to remind her, such as refilling our water.Decor: yes it is beautiful and modern, and I thought it was a good sign to see our Lady of Guadalupe at the bar. I certainly appreciate their dedication to local ingredients that are fresh and organic or free range. You certainly will pay more than Mexican in South O, but it was a fun dining experience.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,10/20/2014,5,33,1,4,4>This new location is really nice. Much better than the bowling alley, imo. I like that they have a few out door tables and chairs. The inside is always clean and cozy with a nice display case of baked goods.  A nice place to enjoy a cupcake and a latte. The staff has been super friendly every time I've been there.One of the things I like best about Cuppycakes is that the owner keeps it fresh. Today when I went in they were doing Christmas in July. Very cool. I love the coconut Santa cupcake. Very cute.  Their coconut and vanilla tend to be my favorites overall, the red velvet is probably my least favorite of the ones I've tried. If you've never been, I recommend giving this place a try.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/19/2014,8,5,5,5,5>I'm not a coffee snob... Just your usual Starbucks dolt. BUT MAN DOES THIS PLACE MAKE SOME AWESOME COFFEE.Other Midtown coffee shops better step up their game because this place threw down the coffee gauntlet.  Well they probably set it down lightly because the men that work here are very well mannered and seem to be dressed for a gala.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,10/18/2014,24,84,1,4,4>I have been coming here on and off since 2005. I cannot think of any visit where I have been disappointed. One of the best aspects is the atmosphere. Half the seating is indoors and half is outdoors. the grocery/indoor seating area has wide open doors to the outside seating. Even if you are seated inside you still have a full view of the outdoor seating area, the passerby's in the old market and the traffic on the street. It is always a wonderful experience. Their wine sells at retail price and they only charge you a four dollar corkerage. You can't go wrong with the meat and cheese plate. Their menu changes often but you're always in for good food and nice French fare.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,10/17/2014,21,23,2,15,15>The day before my wedding, all my dad's relatives came in from Chicago and my mom's from Ohio. My dad made reservations at China Garden for everyone. My dad chose this restaurant because it was one of the few Chinese Restaurants in Omaha that offers an authentic menu. He wanted to go there because he is full Chinese and his mom was an immigrant from Hong Kong and his Dad from Guangzhou, China. Everyone was pleased! My relatives loved the food and the service was great! Our party was about 30 people, and we took over the entire restaurant; however, they treated us very well. We did not have to wait long at all for our food, and it came out steaming hot. They even treated us to four free orders of donuts for dessert! I will definitely go back here.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/6/2014,10/16/2014,109,155,2,4,3>Cleanliness 4Service 2Food 4Likelihood 31-5 (5 Best!) 3.2We stopped in for lunch this weekend.  VERY clean restrooms, thanks!  Good job.  Menu board was a bit overwhelming, to me.  I "get" that the Chicago Dog is about the condiments, and I just wanted a good ol big hot dog.  I found something.  We stared at the board for a long time, the employees didn't ask if we needed help.  They had a tip jar out... FOR WHAT?  You are counter employees?  We each ordered a plain dog and one order of onion rights, and two medium sodas, it was about $18.  The dogs were ok.  Onion rings were ok.  Overall, I could have fed 8 people with $18 at home.The owner stopped by to ask how they did.  I shared just what I typed here. He thanked us for our words.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,10/15/2014,8,57,2,3,4>What a fun place!!!!!   Great patrons and employees.  What CAN'T be right with an authentic European bakery and short rotating lunch menu?  I didn't find anything wrong except more of a selection at lunch would be nice. At the same time, knowing you get quality from the menu is worth something as well.I had the Reuban and German's Chocolate Cake - OUTSTANDING!!!!  A fun, must try spot if you like European food or want something different.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,10/14/2014,8,80,1,5,4>This is a no frills neighborhood bar with very friendly service. I think they cater to firefighters?I didn't expect too much from bar food, but the burger was juicy and flavorful and the secret sauce really added to the burger. Order an extra side to dip your fries or chips. The burger comes with chips, which tasted homemade. You can pay extra for fries. I tried my friends' fries, and they were thin and crispy, just the way I like them.I would definitely go back!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,10/13/2014,13,34,5,4,4>I really enjoyed their food! I had grilled chicken breast and my boyfriend had the California burrito. Both meals were very good! I am sure other items on their  menu may taste better, so I will be going back to try them! I definitely can have a girls night out here with the pitcher margaritas! Who doesn't love margaritas? The chips and salsa that they give you in the beginning are very tasty. We also ordered the Mexican guacamole and it was pretty good.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,10/12/2014,10,15,4,4,3>The best restaurant in Omaha! I've been coming to this little gem since they opened and they do not disappoint! Everything is sooooo good and fresh. The tortas are definitely the best ever and I just love the tripas. If you love authentic Mexican this is the spot!!! They have Goodrich ice cream too!!!!THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,10/11/2014,173,319,2,6,5>I had been wanting to try this place for awhile since my mom started talking about so it was to my delight that we made it on a nice friday morning.  When we got there it was still early and they weren't opened just yet so we hopped on over to TJMAXX to do a little shopping before we had breakfast.  I was so hungry I could not wait til they opened.  Thirty minutes had gone by and they were finally open.  We sat in the corner booth area next to the window and we were the only customers there, but it was nice, cozy, and the music was fun!Their menu is small but to the point.  It's overwhelming going to a restaurant with numerous entrees, desserts, and appetizers on the menu.  It makes me want to try everything but alas that is impossible unless I am foregoing healthy eating. I love how colorful this place it, it really made me  happy to have breakfast with my mom in such a happy go-lucky place!  I ordered a cappuccino and a banana split crepe.  My mom had the raw ice cream and these cute yummy cookies that look like they are made in-house.  It took a bit for the lady to prepare our order, but that was A-okay with us, we are patient people and she is a one woman show.  The cappuccino was strong and warm.  Probably not the right choice on a warm day, but it was yummy and I'm glad I ordered it.  My mom's Raw ice cream was presented beautifully and it tasted great! If  you've never tried raw ice cream I highly suggest it.  My banana split crepe came and it was a generous portion of nutella, strawberries, whipped cream, and bananas.  The plate came with two crepes and presented with a load of fruit and nutella.  I love nutella, have you tried nutella?  You will love it too and this crepe will show you how it's done.  It filled mah belly and was just enough to share with my mom.  Those tiny cookies were worth a try too, they reminded us of those russian tea cookies, but better!  No nuts, but a hint of yummy flavor that was different and good.  if you want to try something different, eat some delicious crepes, and perhaps even go back for a cookie and raw ice cream, I highly recommend checking this place out.  It's defintiely worth it!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/31/2014,7/22/2014,12,39,,4,2>I've now been to 2 events here. I think my whole thing with it is that typically when people are renting out a property for a event, it's because of something they want everyone gathered for in one place. Right?? Maybe...As a wedding venue, it was a little odd. Only because it was hard to focus attention on the bride and groom for a reception/dinner when people are strewn through 4 different rooms to eat. It's quite possible that a wedding combined with cocktails (no sit down dinner) would work better because everyone is moving room to room. Being in separate rooms meant that anyone not in the bride and groom's room were missing toasts, and announcements were kind of like phone tag.I guess what I'm saying is that while the venue is stunning, it's important to remember how much the rooms are breaking up the people that are coming. That's not the Joslyn's fault and I totally get that. Also, the rooms were a bit complicated, but the wedding was still beautiful and we danced like crazy and had a blast!  I went to the Omaha craft bartender guild's "Breaking The Ice" event here yesterday, and that actually worked really, really well with the space. Several different bars had set ups in the different rooms and we were able to go room to room trying things. I read a tip about murder mysteries here, and that sounds super rad/cool. I'm definitely not opposed to events happening here. I just have seen a definite complication with the fact that it's a house and not a giant open room.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,7/21/2014,19,6,8,10,4>So you find a Vietnamese restaurant sharing a building with a gas station in West Omaha and the expectations level starts pretty low. You walk in and nothing about the place screams or even whispers Asian food. The workers...they remove all doubt. They don't really speak English too well. If you have questions about the menu...good luck.My son and I ordered. I wasn't expecting much. Maybe the quality of food from a Chinese buffet or so. But is was close to where we live and we had worked up an appetite by running seven miles on some pretty tough trails.The booth we say in was similar to a Pizza Hut Booth from the 1980s. Red and hard. The view out the window was of a car wash drive through and a faux brick retaining wall. I kept thinking this was a bad idea. And I was wrong. I couldn't believe it. The Pho at this place has no peer. I have lived all over the country and travelled much of the rest of it. Even spent some time in Asia. It was delightful. Fresh. Rich, but not filling. Seasoned and cooked to perfection. A better Pho may exist, I just have come across it and don't expect to.The summer rolls and hoisin sauce were equally as perfect. Seriously. I looked like art. I didn't even want to eat it until I started eating it. It was an eclectic blend of vegetables and shrimp. You can taste the freshness in each bite.My son got the vermicelli. Pure grace. I couldn't imagine it any better. They chopped up an egg roll and placed it on top of the noodles, vegetables, and shrimp. Their version of a sweet and sour sauce is so good it should be illegal. I am eaten at many Asian restaurants in Omaha. Well-known ones. Hard-to-find ones. Chinese. Thai. Japanese. Korean. This place is the one all others will be compared to from now on. And you can drive thirty feet and fill-up with gas on the way home.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,7/20/2014,3,12,8,9,4>Because you're on the internet and obviously in a hurry let me say, don't listen to the haters.  Voodoo Taco is eclectic and delicious.  They use quality meats, offer interesting menu items and they have my favorite vegetarian taco options in town.  You'd have a hard time going wrong here.Now I'm just gonna go down the list of Tacos I've had here and rapid fire review them.Short-rib taco:  Honestly, outside of Block 16 this is my favorite Short-rib in town.  It's delicious, has great texture and will make you recite long forgotten spells of taste-devil-magic if you combine it with their smokey Aleppo sauce.Alligator Taco: I've never wrestled an alligator but I watched a dude do it in Florida once and when we locked eyes for a bit, I kind of felt something similar to when I ate the alligator taco here, which is to say a deeper understanding of the food chain.  Really tasty, too.Avocado Taco: Finally something for vegetarians to eat that doesn't just seem like a salad with guac on top.  You wouldn't think deep fried avocado would work but it does and if you disagree than your opinion is different than mine and also wrong.Carnitas Taco: I don't know what those pigs did to end up this delicious but I imagine it was probably something cool like hanging out in a ghost chili pepper hot tub blasting Warren Zevon on a boom box all day.Turkish Streetfood Taco: "You see what I'm talking about man!  This is cool!  This is something I want local places to do! Highlight lesser know culinary styles and flavors and combine them with more prevalent ones to make something that is both delicious and unique!  YEAH!""Sir, if you're not going to adopt a puppy I'm going to have to ask you leave the Humane Society."This place rules.  Go here and eat good food.  Or don't.  I don't care, I'm not your dad.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,7/19/2014,33,147,3,7,3>I have been coming here for years. I was out of town after whatever incident had them closed for a while, but it seems like old times. the staff is so friendly and courteous. I have yet to go for a single plate dinner, but soon I will. I have been to the lunch buffet  multiple times, but yesterday it was so top notch. The Manchurian cauliflower was  so good and delicious that I had 4ths. What the hell? I had to check that they weren't chicken. I wish I could replicate this dish. The mushroom masala was also great. The only bad part wasn't really that bad, but the muligatawny was off. a little grainy and and not creamy. To offset that was the rest of the choices to eat. the mint chutney was great. It didn't have yogurt in it so it was vegan. Rock on
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,7/18/2014,17,123,,4,2>Oh my goodness, this is my new favorite restaurant. There is super delicious food, a wonderful ambiance, and friendly wait staff. Oh, and the yummiest desserts! I moved to Omaha in December and in the past three months, I've gone to J Cocos four times already. And I have reservations again for my birthday there in three weeks. So... safe to say, I enjoy this place. :) The wait staff is awesome. Everyone I've encountered is friendly and knowledgeable about the food and drinks. The bartenders make fantastic drinks -- whether you go with a solid G&T, or try one of their unique drinks - I promise, they will be good. One time I went, I tried three different drinks, just prompting my waiter to "surprise me" with the next drink. They were all great! The last time I was there, the front end manager stopped by our table and chatted with us about the origin of the restaurant, the story behind the huge photographs on the wall, and where they ordered their wines. The food is simply amazing. My favorites are the fried brussel sprouts (drenched in yummy miso and sprinkled with bacon pieces) and the Stuffed Chicken. The chicken comes sits atop a butternut squash lasagna and is sprinkled with chestnuts. It's tender, full of flavor, and oh my gosh ... just so yummy! This is one of those rare dishes that tastes good warmed up in your microwave the next day. I've also tried their Short Rib Tacos (definitely worth trying), Pork Belly Steamed Bun (yum, yum, yum!), Artisan Cheese plate w/ Cured Meats (a must!!), Pommes Frites (can't go wrong here... especially with truffle aioli!), and Ribeye (not a huge fan of red meat, but this is pretty darn delicious). And then... the desserts. Seriously, AH-MAY-ZING. My favorite is their cheesecake, but you can't go wrong with their crème brulee. Or seriously, any of the items. Ask your server, because they change. Finally, this ambiance. It's romantic, it's fun, and it's a place you go to enjoy yourself. Whether it's on a date or with a group of friends, you have to try this restaurant.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,7/17/2014,116,39,,3,4>Best Thai in Omaha hands down!  It used to be bangkok cuisine, but after I sampled their pad see eew at the taste of omaha, I have been a fan since and unfortunately, bangkok cuisine had to get knocked down!  All their curries are delicious and prices are perfect! The spice level is out of 10 and 5 is pretty spicy to me, so it's actually out of 5. 3 being moderate and 0-1 being no spice at all.  Take out is pretty dependable here too and everyone who works here is supernice and great service! We go at least once a month to get our fix if not more frequently! Enjoy!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,7/16/2014,98,210,,6,4>Boxer BBQ is hands-down the best BBQ joint in the Omaha area.Their pulled pork sandwiches are amazing. Tasty, juicy, flavorful. Don't let the no frills dining room fool you; come here for the food, not the ambiance. Even better, grab takeout and during spring, summer or fall walk on over to Bayliss Park and enjoy your grub outdoors.Admittedly, the "bang for your buck" element isn't what it used to be here. When everyone caught on to this formerly hidden gem, the owners wised up and adjusted their prices accordingly. Too, quantity used to be hit or miss; sometimes you'd feel spoiled with a heaping portion of pork! But now proportions feel more exact and consistent. The owner's great, and everyone is always pleasant when I stop in for my takeout. Also: 1/2 off older meats in the refrigerators.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,7/15/2014,58,216,2,5,3>I have to give this place 5 stars...granted, this past Wednesday was a fiasco due to all the college kids there, but in general I have really taken to the Jay lately...their $7.99 steak night on Thursdays is really awesome since it's actually a pretty decent cut of meat...but where they really shine is in their prices...I love being able to come here and drink myself silly for under $20, sometimes even under $15...and the service lately has been nothing short of awesome...the barback, who goes by the name Bobbo, is really someone who never fails to make you feel welcome...and while he may take some getting used to, between him and the most excellent bartenders, if you come here and don't have a good time, then perhaps you just weren't meant to come here...I'm glad I live across the street since it makes stumbling home that much easier lol...
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,7/14/2014,193,329,3,7,3>There is a small restaurant before you enter Don Gaby's--- the cooks are separate from Don Gaby's. I think they said that they are only open on Saturdays -- until 3am.Well, the little stand before you enter this restaurant only sells tacos... the man cooking them told me that they were the best and fastest tacos in omaha.... He told the truth on both accounts.The tacos were DELISH! FRESH! And they have a little bar area that you can add your own cilantro, lime, salsa (green and red) and onions! So I loaded mine big time and they were EXCELLENT!I can't explain how great they were. Seasoned to perfection!Now INSIDE of Gaby.... Ugh... they were ok.The guac.... was ok. I've made better at home... but they give you a lot for the price.But it wasn't bad-- it just wasn't the best. I had the gordita... made with homemade tortillas... Very good! I loaded mine with the bar stuff from that little bar stand in front of the restaurant.I think that both places are owned and operated by the same people... the stand just does Tacos so people can order their tacos and go (without having to enter the restaurant.... when walking down 24th street. Which is extremely smart!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,7/13/2014,18,64,3,6,1>Went here for the first time last night and I have to say it was very good.  I had the chicken gyro platter and the custard dessert that I couldn't pronounce...something like Galafinakis.I had the order to go. Had to heat it back up once I got home but that was my fault.  The gyro was really flavorful.  The chicken was a little dry but was probably due to my lack of microwaving skills.  The sauce was outstanding, best I have had.  The portion was outrageous as I had enough chicken, onion and tomato to make two.  Unfortunately I had only one pita, but that was a good problem.  The Greek salad was also very good, only complaint would be that there was only one chunk of feta. The dessert was a nice big portion, so much so that u had to share.  Very creamy custard and the layers of pastry were so thin and flaky.  The sweet sauce that it was covered in was tasty.All in all, I have a new favorite Greek spot in Omaha.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,8/21/2014,2,6,,2,3>Where to start? We started out with the blue crab Rangoon egg rolls. Fantastic. The sauce was thick and spicy that added the zing to to the cream cheese. The ginger salad the rolls rested on were a pleasant surprise and didn't last long. Next we got the Short rib tacos, Mac and cheese, and ribeye. We both can't even begin to say how delicious both were. The tacos had a snappy sassy sauce with cabbage on top with perfectly cooked meat. As for the Mac and cheese was light and almost fluffy. It tasted too good. With a hot of pepper it left a clean taste in my mouth. As for my boyfriends steak it was cooked perfectly and the pile of potatoes must have been good too because suddenly they were gone.All in all it was a perfect meal. Five stars for this hidden gem.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,8/20/2014,13,93,1,2,2>Your typical Farmers Market with a variety of produce, fresh baked goods, and crafts.  Some regular vendors, with some that tend to come and go as well.  We have purchased numerous items from a variety of the vendors and they have always been good.  You can also count on free massages from the Universal School of the Healing Arts (based in Florence), as well as live local music, and from time to time there have even been pony rides and petting zoos for the kids.  The historic Florence Mill (Weber Mill, built in 1846) is open to tour for free.  The main floor houses historic pictures and mill history, and the second floor is an art studio showing off various local artists work.  Overall a nice place to grab some local food and look around on a Sunday afternoon.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,8/19/2014,51,901,4,5,6>As I look back on my previous review, This is all still pretty accurate - the crew at French Bulldog really know and love food. That love shines through in each and every dish. And the restaurant itself lends to a versatile experience. You could make it a date destination, happy hour stop, casual afternoon lunch, or late night gathering with friends. It's a spot that's loved by neighborhood locals and far-flung Omaha foodies alike. The Yelp reviews are obviously glowing. A solid 4-star average with fans from Miami, L.A., Kansas City, Denver and Honolulu. I'd say it was wise of these visitors to our fair town to make the bulldog a priority stop on their visits, and I for one am happy to have a place like this representing Omaha on the national stage as well, with chef Bryce Coulton's award-winning Hungarian Salami taking home a Good Food award this year (Congrats!)It's true that The French Bulldog could have been opened - and done well in - any other foodie city in the U.S. But the concept is perfect for Omaha, and Dundee in particular. If you're planning your first visit to the restaurant, the charcuterie and cheese plate is a must. 3 meats and 2 cheeses for $23. Served with some complimenting items (honey, jam, nuts) and freshly baked baguette, there's plenty to share as an appetizer. Try not to load up on bread too much though, because you'll want to save room for the entrees. Okay, also you need to get the chorizo stuffed dates. I probably don't need to elaborate on why. Moving on through the menu, I have had the quiche and greens before also. It was one of those rare nights I felt myself tending towards the lighter side. And while it was good, by no means was it my favorite menu item. That honor [ha] is reserved for the nearly mythical pork belly sandwich - smoked gouda, jam, red onions, greens and mustard-creme fraiche on ciabatta bread. Served with chips. This could be shared, if you can convince one of your dining partners to order up my other favorite sandwich - the ploughman's - with white cheddar, granny smith apples and greens on sourdough with piccalilli (a pickle relish) and candied walnuts. Ooh-wee.If you manage to read all the way through the menu without committing to any of those items. there are also the Sausage Board or Mexican Chorizo Plates (and don't forget the chalkboard specials)! As you might expect, this is one of those places where it's very easy to both over-order and over-eat. Cocktails and beers are nicely curated as well. Wine (probably) also, though I'm not really a good judge of that. They also have desserts, but I've never had the stomach space to try them. To sum up... get there now and enjoy.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,8/18/2014,54,368,4,5,4>My fellow Yelpers, you steered us in the right direction!A tiny little establishment located in a strip mall, the petite but fiery owner of Korean Grill makes you feel at home - so much so that we ate waaaaaay more than we should have because we didn't want to hurt her feelings by not finishing the generous lunch portions!We opted for Combo #1 ($8.99) which gets you one protein group (spicy catfish was amazing), rice, noodles, potato and two pickle options AND the Combo #2 ($10.99) which gets you two protein groups (beef bulgogi and Korean short ribs were quite tasty), rice noodles, potato and two pickle options. They also have some items on the menu (posted above), but since it was our first visit, we opted for the point-to-food method of food selection. All food is served on styrofoam plates (or boxes, with a pretty robust carry out business).BTW, while the above dishes come with 2 pickles, somehow we ended up with a (separate) plate of ALL of the pickle options, which are homemade. The cabbage kimchee and pickled daikon radish were my favorite, but as my food baby can attest, I was also quite keen on the eggplant, kale, and bean sprout options.Food baby so happy. Nap time for mama now.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,8/17/2014,43,47,2,6,3>I've been a longtime fan of the original Aroma's downtown, so I'm definitely excited that they've been able to expand and open a second location. First off, the place is absolutely gorgeous. I love the renovations they did to make it modern while keeping the history and industrial Benson look alive. I was happy to discover on my most recent visit that Aroma's is now serving a "traditional cappuccino," which in my opinion, is the only one you should order. It's just what it says it is - a traditional cappuccino - which is a 6 oz drink composed of equal parts espresso, steamed, and foamed milk. I always thought it was a bummer that up until recently you could order a small, medium, or large cappuccino - the latter two, by definition, not really being cappuccinos. I also love Aroma's because they're one of the only places in town where you can purchase whole bean, speciality, single-origin coffee (previously from Beansmith Coffee, and more recently, they've moved to Kickapoo). I do wish that they had more frequent shipments of beans such that customers would be able to buy them closer to their roast date, and that's my only reason for 4 stars here instead of 5. All in all, definitely one of Omaha's best coffee shops and I think they'll continue to get even better (offering more manual brew methods, classes on coffee, etc.)
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/16/2014,73,37,3,8,3>When Plank was being constructed, I was hesitant.  While I like some seafood, you just never know what you are going to get in the middle of a land-locked state like Nebraska.  At the time, I had also never tried things like oysters or mussels.  Now that it has been open for over a year, I'm proud to say that Plank is one of my favorite Omaha restaurants!First off, whenever we go in to Plank, it's always crazy busy.  We typically sit at the bar, as we have only sat in the dining area once or twice.  The service is typically very good, always very friendly.  The bartenders know their cocktails, as well!  They have a wide selection of specialty Spiked Lemonades that are delicious.  I also enjoy the Whiskey Whistler (Whiskey, peach nectar, lemonade).While I was reluctant to try oysters, my first experience with them was the BBQ Oysters.  These are cooked, on the half shell, with ginger, soy sauce, and butter.  DELICIOUS.  After that experience, I knew my next trip had to include raw oysters.  We came in during happy hour when oysters are only $1 each (!!!) to try them out.  Much to my surprise I really enjoyed them as well!  Now, I can't get enough of them!Other items that are delicious are the steamed mussels and the lobster roll!  Both are outstanding if you are hungrier and looking for something outside of Happy Hour.  Once again, the Flagship Restaurant Group has done a wonderful job here in Omaha!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,8/15/2014,2,6,1,4,4>If you want to dance in Omaha, this is the place. $5 cover before midnight, $10 after, on weekends, but it's definitely worth the price for fantastic dance music that you can't get elsewhere in Omaha. Saturday nights are straight nights, and are usually the best night to go, as The Max is bustling with activity. Drinks are a little pricy, but it's one if the few places to go clubbing in Omaha, so it's to be expected.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,8/14/2014,4,10,1,5,6>I absolutely cannot get enough of their food!! Their tacos are so affordable and SOO GOOD!!Wednesdays/miercoles tacos are 1.35 and sopes 1.75$ hot dog 1.25$ mole con pollo 6.99$ caldo de pollo 5.50$They have tortas, burritos, sopes, hot dogs, queso, and BOMB NACHOS!!!BEWARE their food is spicy hot! Don't expect to come here and get bland food!! They have Jumex and Mexican bottled sodas- the works.The service is great (but I've only ordered carry out), and the tables are clean. Not just wiped down but actually CLEAN!They have a jukebox and tvs playing the soccer games and novelas ;)I'm from Southern California and you can't get better food in Omaha ESPECIALLY for these prices!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,8/13/2014,1,8,8,10,10>Okay, a few things. First, the atmosphere is bare bones in a very classy sort of way. The tables are beautiful, I will say that much. There are plenty of plug ins for laptops.Moving onto my visit: Yesterday I went to Archetype for the first time and tried the following: A cup of brewed coffee (Ethiopia), a cappuccino, and a mocha. The brewed coffee was outstanding. No cream and sugar for me, thanks, it didn't need any, not even a little bit. It came with one free refill, which I absolutely took advantage of. I'm somewhat stingy when it comes to money, but I would've gladly paid double.After the coffee, I went for a cappuccino and it was served in a very cute cup with a saucer and spoon. Very traditional. However, somewhat disappointing. There was some foam, approximately 1/4 of an inch in a 6oz cup. Overall, enough for me to enjoy like 3 spoonfuls. Cappuccino sadness :(. On a more positive note, the espresso was flavorful, which I expected after trying the brewed coffee, and it was still a tasty drink, just not precisely what I wanted. Also, it had a pretty flower on top.Finally, I ordered a mocha to go. I've had better. I've had exactly one mocha in my life that was better than the one I drank at this establishment yesterday, and it wasn't in this city. I thought about this mocha when I got home and noticed that my cup was empty. I thought about this mocha when I sat at my kitchen table until 2am working on homework. I thought about this mocha when I woke up today. And I really wish they were still open as I write this review because I'm craving one now. I think it's more difficult than people are really aware of to make a perfect mocha, to find a good balance of chocolate, espresso, and steamed milk, and I think they've done that in a way that's perfect at Archetype. No strange oil floating on top, not so sweet that it tastes like hot chocolate, not so overwhelmingly coffee-ish that it tastes like a plain latte, just a really good balance where you're able to taste the espresso and the chocolate in harmony (as opposed to one overpowering the other, which often happens). Exciting was that no one tried to slather whipped cream on top. I will be back, probably often. And I seriously doubt that I will ever be properly satisfied with a mocha from anywhere but Archetype in this city ever again.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,8/12/2014,0,3,2,2,1>Service was great food was the best and a bar tender Travis was the most friendly bar tender we have ever had mad sure are glasses were full and talk about all sort of things ask us what we had been doing that night.  Made us feel as we were his only customers in a bar filled with tons of people
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,10/30/2014,16,75,1,10,6>My husband and I went here before my Zumba class at Prairie Life. We walked in and were immediately greeted by lots of friendly faces. My husband was in awe of all the whiskey. He's a huge fan and knows his stuff.He put money on a whiskey card and went around to the machines to try different things. He loved that there was a mix of high and low price point whiskeys to sample.He ended up ordering some whiskey cocktails from the bar and saving some sips for me to try when I met him after finishing up Zumba. The apricot whiskey drink was right up my alley. I love mixing whiskey with sweet tastes. I can't remember the names of the other cocktails but he loved them.He ordered a bread plate and I was in love with the salted smoked butter. There was a maple honey bread that was out of this world.Everything was delicious and I can't wait to go back when I don't have gym plans. I want to try the salad, the fondue, and have heard fabulous things about the whiskey cake.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/4/2014,10/29/2014,53,176,3,4,4>Very cool concept! A great place to get either gelato or ice cream! Ice cream is super creamy and voted best vanilla in Omaha! Prices are no different than other ice cream places. Check in and get a free waffle cone, ice cream not included. I wish they had some more unique flavors.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2014,10/28/2014,5,34,1,3,2>Growing up in Council Bluffs I have been to Pizza King more times than I can count. We have had wedding rehearsal dinners, family dinners, and some random nights with friends at Pizza King.The pizza is great! Different than your typical cheap pizza joint. They are generous with their toppings. Despite their name, they almost seem more like your typical steakhouse with amazing steaks, prime ribs, and pasta. Pizza King is the only place I will order prime rib. It is to die for! Best prime rib in the metro area. It is pricey but one night a week they do a prime rib special which is totally worth it. Also their blue cheese salad is fantastic with huge chunks of blue cheese and a great chunky blue cheese salad. The veal Parmesan is killer too. This place is a staple in CB and every night including week nights they are packed so they are doing something right.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2014,10/27/2014,4,4,2,5,4>One of my favorite places to eat in Omaha. Great pub food and nice atmosphere. Their burger is one of the best in town. They also have a really good brunch menu. I haven't tried any of their dinner entrees, but they all sound amazing and the menu is impressive.  Never had any problems with the wait staff and can always get a table with no wait. Highly Recommended!!!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2014,10/26/2014,0,15,2,2,2>I had never had pho before, so I asked friends for recommendations. This place had the most mentions, so I stopped there for dinner. The service was very friendly and helpful, the prices very reasonable, and the pho was phenomenal. I will most definitely return.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,10/25/2014,51,901,3,12,5>This is how you open a new restaurant.The first month Mouth of the South opened, I was impressed that they appeared to be firing on all cylinders right out of the gate. (And you've gotta love when places live up to expectations and overcome challenges like broken AC in Omaha summers).Perusing the pictures and reviews in Facebook before my first visit, the culmination of less than 5 days worth of actual operation (building on a weeks' soft open) looked too good to be true.Craft cocktails, southern style comfort food with a bit of flair, and a window herb garden in hanging mason jars?Sign me up.I've been thrice now and I severely enjoyed all three times. They were all different days and times too, so I got a nice variety of experiences.First up, an early dinner on a Saturday afternoon back in May. I sampled my way through a Cajun Lemonade (vodka with pimms, lemonade, hot sauce and sierra mist). Yes, strange but good. They have lots of interesting drink options. From the early menu, some offerings included: the Southern Sunset, Kentucky Mule, Southern Iced Tea, Creole Kiss, Louisianna Thyme, and the Chocolate Cherry Cha Cha.For appetizers, we started with Boudin Balls (sausage!) with remoulade sauce and Gizzards (pepper jelly sauce!). Hands down, best gizzards I've ever had.Then, I rounded out the gut-busting meal with a pulled pork sandie (slaw on top, of course) and a cup of gumbo.Pulled Pork Sandie and GumboApparently I wanted to try everything in a single visit... but turns out there was still plenty to come back for.Our second was in June on a Sunday for lunch, and I went for the Cajun Burger with andouille, tasso ham, gruyere cheese and - again - remoulade. For $8.50, it was a LOT of meal for the money. But why stop there? We also had the Crab Dip, which included lump meat, poblamo and cheese gratin.No shortage of flavors here folks. The only issue with the crab dip is I that wanted moooooooore. Would've easily taken down the whole Dip myself but was unfortunately forced to share. Obviously we also had gizzards too.When it came time to maw the burger, I barely made it through the sandwich and was sad to have to leave some of the thinly sliced breaded onion rings behind as well. Side options include the aforementioned hald cut and battered onion rings, french fries or sweet potato fries. OR, for another $1.50 you can upgrade to gumbo, soup of the day, salad or red beans and rice.Give me a mason jar of water and I'm happy.My most recent visit was Wednesday lunch, and I had my entree all planned out ahead of time: Mahi Tacos (blackened), with slaw, comeback sauce, & cilantro. Because it's summer and you just can't eat enough tacos in the summer! Sweet tea also really hit the spot also.Oh, but what is 'comeback sauce' you ask?No worries, I had to look it up as well. "Comeback sauce is a dipping sauce for fried foods or as a salad dressing in the cuisine of central Mississippi.Similar to Louisiana remoulade, the base of the sauce consists of mayonnaise and chili sauce."  Thanks Wikipedia!So... remoulade-esque. At least I'm consistent.To complete the trifecta, yes, again... bring on the gizzards. Nom Nom Nom Nom.And while I probably wouldn't order the tacos again, even now, I'm plotting my return.Next up? Smokestack burger with dill chips? Yellowfin tuna sandwich? Wings with a bucket of beer? Maybe some GIZZARDS? (What is wrong with me...?)On the topic of plating, I don't understand the switch from paper lined baskets to salad-lined plates. Maybe this is because I feel compelled to eat lettuce instead of wasting it as a garnish - and because that just doesn't work out well in this case. Or maybe waste is what this is about and the paper-lined baskets are somehow cost prohibitive? (In which case, there has to be some type of reusable platter or dish that would be better suited to gizzards than a lettuce plate). The baskets seemed to match the tone of the restaurant more and I hope to see them again sometime. Fingers crossed on this one.Also, the gumbo has been updated. Honestly, I think I preferred the older iteration, which was a bit creamier. But at least the gizzards have stayed consistent. Apparently I'd come back for those alone... which is strange, since I NEVER think to order gizzards anywhere else. (Though I can see a trend emerging here).Anyway, enough about my sudden strange gizzard fetish.Mouth of the South is great. Yes, perhaps it's not what some would prefer, or expect, but they do what they do pretty darn well. Also, now they do offer reservations also for parties of 4 or more, but keep in mind that it's it's a small space and establishment. There's only one 'low' table also. Some things you just have to roll with.Anyway, there's no chance I won't return. Boom. Double negative out.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2014,10/24/2014,13,93,1,4,4>Stopped in during a pub crawl for the first time.  Pretty cool concept for a bar.    They have a nice selection of craft beers, and a good selection of old school arcade and pinball machines.  If you grew up in the 80's - early 90's, some nostalgia will certainly kick in.  Enjoyed a beer and spent some quarters on a couple games and enjoyed the scene.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,10/23/2014,54,368,1,7,5>Others before me have waxed poetic, so I'll refrain from getting too wordy (now THAT'S a crazy thought).While an evening at the Boiler Room may not fit within everyone's budget, it's worth stopping in for an adult beverage and nosh (I recommend the charcuterie board). What I especially love about their charcuterie board...it's a bit more interesting than what's passing off as the standard "meat and cheese" plate hype that other establishments are adopting.If you can manage dinner, do so, especially if you're into more creative dining.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2014,10/22/2014,9,214,3,5,5>Based on recommendations from two fellow Yelpers, 'Alyssa' Lyss and 'Tutti' Frutti, tonight I decided to give Mo Fish a try. As said by Florida Evans on Good Times, Damn Damn Damn!!!!!!  It was absolutely delicious and hands down the best I've had in my short time here in Omaha.  For appetizers we ordered fried okra and fried pickle spears and our entrees consisted of catfish and beans for me and walleye and cole slaw for the Mrs.  The appetizers arrived piping hot and I was glad to see that they use a thin batter instead of flour or corn meal.....at least that's how it appeared to me.  I would be remiss if I didn't warn you that you get A LOT of food and I'm just talking about the appetizers!  By the time the entrees arrived, I had already downed 15 okra pieces and two pickle spears.  I was just warming up!The entrees arrived and I dug in with a vengeance!  The fish was plentiful, hot, and fresh!  My wife, although far less glutinous, abandoned the diva persona and went straight sista girl.......hot sauce and all!  Everything was great but she gave special props to the cole slaw; she's picky about slaw.  I tried it and couldn't agree more!  The beans and steak fries were also a standout.  To top it all off Trent, the owners son, epitomizes the definition of EXCELLENT customer service.  He was personable, genuine, and a confident advocate for what Mo Fish has to offer compared to the competition.  I'm definitely a fan and can't wait to have leftovers tomorrow for lunch!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/26/2014,10/21/2014,43,47,4,5,3>Went here with a large-ish group after a nighttime group run near the Pedestrian Bridge. Had been looking forward to trying Storz out for awhile and was excited that it finally worked out to visit. When we walked in, the host at the front was very friendly and ushered us over towards the main bar to order beers. My husband and I, plus a few others from our group, waited by the bar for about 5 minutes before we were even given any attention, let alone a menu. Not impressed. When we finally did get our beers, we ordered the Triumph, the Bavarian Wheat Lager, and the Amber Ale - all were just ok, decent session beers. That's fine, and they were refreshing after a 4 mile run. Nothing was really calling our name from the menu, but we hesitantly ordered the steak nachos not expecting much. Turns out, they were the best part of the experience - the meat was well cooked, chips were crispy, and both accompanying salsas were tasty. Unfortunately, the service and the mediocre beers will be what keeps me from rushing back, but I may give it another chance if I find myself down that way again.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,7/2/2014,16,104,,4,3>The Wilds is a Resort Community about 20 minutes south of Omaha/Council Bluffs that I have recently discovered. They have a Bar/Restaurant that is just outstanding! The food is a cut above standard Bar food with a Special (usually Prime Rib) on Saturday Night. The Par 3 golf course adjacent to the Wilds took a major hit during the Missouri River flooding in 2011, but the effort is being made to get it back into playing condition. Friendly locals with a "house" guitar in the corner makes it likely you'll hear some fun tunes on the patio overlooking the Golf Course and RV Camping. All in all, this is a great little out of the way gem!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,7/1/2014,34,229,,5,3>I've been to the Orphuem Theater a few times for:-Beauty and the Beast - Broadway-The Lion King - Broadway-Blue October Acoustic Concert-Wicked - BroadwayThe decor is very nice with huge chandeliers above as you walk into the main lobby.I went and saw Wicked this past weekend and the show was great.   But if you sit on the second floor balcony, (Loge), you may not be able to see the top of the stage.  My wife and I sat in center Loge, first row and we were unable to see the dragon at the top of the stage.  If there was something actually going on at the top of the stage and we weren't able to see it, ($90 a ticket), I would have asked to be seated somewhere else.Overall, the experience at the Orpheum is always great.  The decor is really neat to see and the service is always pleasant and easy to deal with.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,6/30/2014,32,108,,5,4>Pitch is one of my favorite restaurants in Omaha and I love taking out-of-town guests here. I have never had a bad meal! Their pizzas are all delicious but my favorite would have to be the Marsala. The combination of figs, arugula, goat cheese, pears, and truffle oil is so unique and so incredibly delicious! I also love their truffle fries and their wings - their wings are some of the best I have had. Their burger is also great and has a lot of high quality options you can add to it. Their mixed green salad is also one of my favorite salads. The sweet onion vinaigrette is amazing!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,6/29/2014,43,27,,5,3>Working just down the street, this is our favorite spot to grab lunch on teacher inservice days.  The decor is cute and bright, the workers are usually pleasant (though they may not speak much English), and you can't beat the prices. I love the steak tacos with all the fixings--onions, lime, avocado, radishes, peppers, and several salsas, with an order of rice on the side.  They don't have complimentary chips, but the food comes so quickly you won't miss them.  The horchata is good, but in my opinion El Chalan's (down the street) is better. They do have the good glass bottled Cokes from Mexico.Service is extremely fast, the food is good, and it's a great place to take out-of-town visitors when you don't want to break the bank.  It is cash only, so be prepared.  There's an ATM in the gas station down the street if you need it. One word of advice, be careful with the roasted peppers that come on the side. Some are mild, but some are SPICY.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,6/28/2014,56,122,2,3,2>My experience was delightful!  My first visit is clearly going to be not the norm as I arrived around 1145am on a Thursday for lunch.  The menu is very diverse and sophisticated but not too experimental.  The portions are very generous as well.  The service was quick and friendly so no complaints there.  My only concern was I was asked how I wanted my burger prepared and it doesn't seem they really have any control over that as they don't seem like fresh patties at all and not very juicy.  I really enjoyed the quinoa salad as my side dish as well.  I will be going back and hopefully when I can enjoy some wine and that live music they advertise so much.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,6/27/2014,45,57,3,4,3>I have been coming to this bar for quite sometime now and have enjoyed every visit.I am friends with the bartender Jimmie and hes always mixing something up thats new and exciting. They recently added beer bong to the bar and it gets pretty intense on the weekends, They also have GIANT Jenga with 2x4 to play with. Cheap drinks and awesome people. I dont always get out but when i do i go to Grant street.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,NA,32,90,2,3,3>Great service. I needed my garage door repaired quickly and he was quick to come over and have it done for me. I also utilized the deal they had at the time which instantly made my decision easier on who to call. He even checked out the other functions of my garage door to make sure everything was working smoothly. I will be sure to come back to them in the future in case I need anything repaired.The best!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/7/2014,6/25/2014,105,425,2,5,3>While I still stand by my original review the burgers are just a total disappointment. Tonight they had no flavor, were way overcooked and were generally bad. Go here for steak night, taco night or other items but don't waste your time with their burgers.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,6/24/2014,10,15,,4,2>Quaint lil country bar a country mile from everywhere!!! Free pool always and the prices are great!!!!! Large TVs for watching anything you want, just ask and they'll turn it on for you!! Friendly staff and always a good time for a little mini road trip! Comfy rolling lounge chairs and a large all wood bar to slide your beer glasses down! Two separate happy hours which offer great specials and karaoke on Tuesday! No real menu is offered, but they have popcorn and pizza (frozen). Definitely worth checking out!!!!!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,6/23/2014,0,9,,4,3>After driving by countless times, I finally stopped yesterday.  I had a sausage pizza and it was excellent!   It was also extremely affordable.  Very limited hours, unfortunately.  Parking can be problematic which is the only downside.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,1/21/2014,12,111,11,26,22>Le Bouillon opened where French Cafe used to be, so it had big shoes to fill. The bathrooms are the same, but otherwise, the space has changed quite a bit. It's a very open floor plan and not too crowded with tables at this point. Large art hanging on the walls and a big art sculpture when you enter. Most of the dining area is carpeted, which is a bit odd, but it definitely helps with volume, meaning we could hear each other while dining. That's a welcome feature compared to other Old Market restaurants. We dined there on the second night that the restaurant was open to the public and service was already very smooth. We ordered two of the "Les Toasts," which are a small piece of toast with toppings. We had the Ricotta withEdamame and Lemon and the Rabbit Rillettes with Currant Jam and Marrow. We enjoyed both. My husband especially liked the rabbit and I thought the currant jam was a highlight. We also ordered two Le Petits Plats to share. My husband thought the Crispy Sweetbreads with Chèvre and Honey were the highlight of the meal, although I found them to be chewy, even for sweetbreads. I enjoyed the Cassoulet with Garlic Sausage and White Beans a bit more. Lots of fatty pork products that had incredible flavor. We shared one entree (Les Plats) - the Marinated Wagyu Skirt Steak with Shallots. This is a very fatty meat, but full of flavor. The shallots were delicious. Although it's an entree, it still wasn't an especially large serving and even with all the food we had already ordered, I was wishing we had added a couple side dishes. For dessert we had the Chocolate Pôt de Crème. That was definitely the highlight for me. With those food items, three glasses of wine, a dessert drink, and tip, we came out to just over $100. Overall, we were both pleased, but not blown away. I think serving size will be an issue here. I understand that most items are small plates and meant to be shared, but serving sizes still could have been more generous. We'll likely be back, but with several upscale dinning options in the Old Market, there wasn't anything so exceptional about this place that I see it becoming a staple in our rotation of fine dining restaurants for special celebrations.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,1/20/2014,72,103,1,5,2>This place has been around for decades and I have been recently going here again since I started working in the area. I can usually get in and out of here in a half hour during lunch (and it looks like they have a lunch buffet option also). Recently I have tried the fried chicken at dinner which arrived hot and crisp with a well cooked baked potato. Enjoyable. I would not put the best in Omaha tag on it-but it is above average. After the Omaha World Herald did their "Chicken Fried Steak Food Crawl" and named Millard Roadhouse one of the best-a group of my friends decided to try it out together. We discovered in our conversation online about the article that we too all had a passion for a good chicken fried steak. About seven us of hit up lunch here and six of us ordered the CFS correctly with the white gravy and one traitor went with the brown. A lot of food arrived for each of us individually and it became a  "who can finish challenge" also at this point. Everyone of us agreed that this was the best chicken fried steak or very close to it in Omaha. Decor is partially lived in "road house" and partially quaint small town. It works for the area and food. Service averages out as good on recent trips. My recent chicken experience was a bit annoying with the waiter making too many trips at my table early on and really none after the food was delivered. Honestly seemed like a newer server. The woman we had at the lunch was one of the best waitresses I have experienced in Omaha. Friendly, funny and she did everything just right. This is high 4 star for me.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,1/19/2014,124,217,,2,1>Perhaps it was because I went with a person who loves this place, or perhaps it was because my first time here...but whatever the case, I liked what I ordered and I will be coming back. The chips and salsa weren't terrible but they weren't something to write home about.  I ordered the al pastor tacos and unlike the other reviews, mine wasn't drenched in oil.  In fact, it was well seasoned and tender and all sorts of deliciousness al pastor tacos should be.  I kind of compared it to Robo Taco in Portland, OR and while Robo Taco had the better tortilla, Rivera's had just as good seasoned meat.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,1/18/2014,30,64,,6,3>I've been anxiously awaiting for this place to open.  Yesterday I stopped in for a late lunch and was taken back by the decor-- absolutely beautiful!  Then I was given a little tour by one of the managers and I have to say the patio area is beautiful as well facing the golf course.  I like to keep it light for lunch so I just ordered the hamburger and fries, and they were delicious, quite tasty and fresh.  I may have to revise my 4 stars to 5 becasue I reviewed the dinner menu and it looks amazing.. Stay tuned!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,1/17/2014,29,200,,6,3>Been here twice in two weeks. 'Nough said. Drunken Chicken? Best fried chicken I've had in a looooong time. And the brown sauce that comes with it? Soak it all up with steamed rice to finish it off. Other favorites include Pineapple Fried Rice and the Wokked Crispy Noodle. Presentation on the Pineapple Fried Rice earns it especially high marks - served in half a pineapple that's been hollowed out. Atmosphere is great. Sleek, minimal and modern. Service is fast and very friendly, especially our last visit. Drunken Chicken for $6 during happy hour? I'll be back next Friday for sure. Sooooo good.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,1/16/2014,2,35,,4,1>I went back to Guaca Maya last night.  The place is stunning, and servers are dressed to the 9's and very friendly.  We had the #5 meal for two. It is kind of a build your own meal.  I loved it.  I LOVED IT!.  It was $24 and had homemade soup, best fresh salsa and chips.  The platter comes out on a table barbecue.  It had a cheese fondue I would have been happy to pay $24 for.  Beef, pork, chicken, potato's, and rice.  Handmade flour tortia's.  Left overs for days!Best of all the service.  Perfect.  Fast, Friendly, pretty, and we did not need to ask for a thing.  My Iced tea was full but she carefully dropped of a new glass without interruption of conversation. This place is one of Omaha's best.  Definitely the best service in Omaha.  This is the perfect date place.  Get the #5!!   I am dreaming of my next return.  Once you walk in- you are no longer in the mid-west but topical get-a-way.  One of my favorite places to go.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,1/15/2014,4,44,,5,1>V. Mertz has been around since my childhood.  Last night was my first night in, and I was not disappointed.  The girlfriend had purchased a Living Social Deal, which was an obvious incentive to explore new territory without the fear of getting stuck with a big bill for a lousy experience.  I must say that I/we will happily come back and pay full price based on this meal.  We made an early reservation and arrived at 6 PM.  There were already several parties seated and at various stages of their meals.  We were greeted and shown immediately to our table.  The place just oozes ambiance, carved out of a cellar in a very old building,  with an old tin ceiling strung with bare festoon lamps, massive exposed beams, a beautiful sunken bar, with all of the liquor bottles displayed in lighted glass cases.  Aside from the soft table chatter from the other patrons, there was only the sound of the fountain across the passageway for background noise.  A single cut flower and a white votive candle accented our table.  Okay.  Enough of the super romantic imagery, but seriously, the place didn't have anything to draw away from the dining experience.We had looked at the menu on their website before coming in, so we had a little bit of an idea of what sounded good to each of us.  We decided on the prix fixe menu - 3 courses featuring a choice of two primers, two mains, and two desserts for $35 per person, a very fair price in my opinion.  We added wine pairing for an additional $15 per person.  I decided to order an aperitif from their drink menu, a Bulleit Rye whiskey.  They have an extensive drink menu featuring cocktails, beer, liquor (conveniently organized  into aperitifs and digestifs), and of course a large wine menu featuring wine that is probably not easily found anywhere else in Omaha. The primers: Crispy potato gnocchi for the girlfriend, paired with a Friulano.  Wagyu beef belly for me, paired with a Lagrein. Each dish had vegetable accompaniments that accented the main ingredient.  We shared bites of each other's dish along with sips of wine.  Pure perfection.  Next, the mains: Salmon for the girlfriend, paired with a French Chardonnay, which was not overly oaky and buttery like so many.  Pork loin for me, paired with (gasp) a Merlot....a great fruit forward wine, but with some subtle smoky notes on the finish. Again, seasonal vegetables accented the main attraction.  The salmon melted in my mouth, and the pork was tender as well.And finally, dessert.  We both passed on the creme brulee and went for the strawberry & rhubarb, presented as strawberry sorbet on al dente steel cut oats with bits of crumble consisting of brown sugar and butter, and dots of rhubarb preserves.  A light Moscato D'Asti was the wine pair.   The entire experience was quality. Our server and sommelier  were gracious and professional, explaining each element of each dish and the origins and characteristics of our wines. Our water glasses were never empty, and empty wine glasses, plates, and tableware were cleared promptly with a flourish.  At no time did we ever feel rushed, and the whole experience was about 90 minutes long.  I did observe that as the dining room filled up, it seemed that the wait for food and drink increased for the patrons who were seated after us.  It could be that the kitchen is small, and the quality of the food could not be rushed.  My suggestion?  Go early if you can, and definitely make a reservation.  We were also among the youngest diners in the place.  The other observation: most of the clientele were 20-30 years older than us.  Perhaps the Living Social Deal is an attempt to draw a younger, curious crowd through the door or to show what classy dining can be for those who have never experienced it.  Whatever the case, I am glad to have finally made it to V. Mertz.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,1/14/2014,4,46,,3,1>Really good for brunch! All of the food drew on flavors other than salt, which can be tough to find in a breakfast place. Everything tasted fresh. I got the crab cake Benedict, which was very flavorful. The person I was with got the eggs Blackstone, which was also very flavorful. The eggs were very well poached on both. We also got the pistachio French toast to share, and it was amazing. It comes with ice cream to add to the flavor, but it didn't need it. Had a very modern, clean vibe. Service was super quick, even when they were busy. I will definitely be back.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,1/13/2014,50,126,3,3,2>I hate to play favorites but.....this place makes cupcakes as if they kidnapped my grandmother and are forcing her to slave away in their kitchen. Butter, you can taste it. If you've had the "real deal" from scratch stuff made for you before, you know what I mean.  It melts in your mouth, the flavor seems to touch all your taste buds, little birds sing around you,  this is heaven, you don't even feel guilty or understand the words "fattening" and how it applies to your health. They are just that good.So good in fact, I was at a bridal expo one morning tasting many a yummy treats, and this place stood out.  I ran home, told my boyfriend and made him come with me to their store that same day to get some of their cupcakes.  We preceded to come more times than I'm willing to admit to over the next month, and then ordered his custom birthday cake 3 weeks into our obsession. I've been to Jones Bro, Cupcake Island, Bliss, a few others not worth mentioning I'm telling you....for me, Mockingbird Cupcakes is now my mantra.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,1/12/2014,51,901,,10,4>It's ridiculously affordable, it's crazy good, it's quick, it's convenient and damn, it's Tasty. My love for this little place has grown exponentially over the course of the last month. From ever-expanding and exciting pizza flavor combinations (white mushroom pizza w bechamel sauce, swiss cheese, garlic confit, and fresh jalapeno!) to ever-changing soups served cafeteria style and some kind of magical slaw recipe to go with the chicken sandwich... not to mention the restaurant namesake pastries.These things have catapulted this place into my top 5 Omaha restaurants. Keep up the great work!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,2/10/2014,98,210,,6,3>Great diner feel. Typical greasy spoon. Always busy, Great portions. Good value. That says it all. I visited for the first time with coworkers recently. I ordered what was the most perfectly assembled  Jr. Cheese Omelette; egg substitute, no extra charge. For $1 off I omitted hashbrowns (though ended up eating what remained of a coworker's order). So a small omelette with a pancake was $4.49; you can't beat it! 11-Worth Cafe, where have you been my whole life? Okay, so I lived away from Omaha for ten years, but I'm back and long overdue exploring is underway. I'll return to 11-Worth Cafe with my husband for the old school atmosphere and tasty food.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,2/9/2014,14,76,2,6,4>When you are typically the only gringo in the joint you know it's authentic and good.  Get carne asada tacos, tamales, carne asada quesadillas or gorditas.  You will not be disappointed.  This is the best mexican food I've ever had anywhere and the prices are very reasonable.  It's just too bad they don't sell beer or margaritas.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,2/8/2014,120,34,,6,1>I don't typically give flowers much thought.  They are a means to an end.  Make my wife happy, adorn a banquet table at an event, send to a grieving friend, etc..  I call, they deliver, goal accomplished.I rarely stop to, well, smell the roses..The holiday bouquet I recently ordered from Capehart Floral may have me rethinking my stance on flowers.  The arrangement was beautiful, creative and unique, incorporating subtly placed turkey feathers for the season.  The quality was well above my expectations and the price seemed most reasonable.Going forward when I order flowers for any of the above scenarios I will do so with the confidence that the recipient will know I took the time to send the very best.  And those will, from this day forward, be flowers by Capehart Floral.  Good work guys!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,2/7/2014,0,33,,3,>This place is perfect for me as a small business owner when it comes to advertising specialty items.  I bought some logo'd golf shirts and found Wade (the owner) to be a great resource in helping me select quality yet affordable shirts for my business.I later wanted some flash drives with my company logo on it and again Wade saved the day by finding me a great product that was still within my budget.  The drives turned out great, exactly what I needed.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,2/6/2014,8,18,,4,3>Delicious! Really a "foodie" type of place. Unique flavors, classy urban atmosphere, very good service. Crepes are crafted with an expert hand while you watch. We ordered "The Hen" savory crepe - loved the toasted nuts and balsamic. Also got the "Fruit" crepe (raspberry and lemon). It was on the tart side. Could use whipped cream or mascarpone to balance that out. Still good though. Also had a honey and ginger crepe. Nicely balanced - the ginger was mild. We'll be back for more!! But be aware, it's not a large portion - just enough.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,2/5/2014,0,9,,3,2>I live close to this restaurant and wish I would've discovered it earlier! I went in during lunch time hours. The waitress was quick to serve me with chips and salsa and a beverage choice. They were cleaning under, around and on tops of tables. The music  created a calm and relaxing  vibe. Which was perfect because I'm on vacation. I had yucca for appetizer and it was very good and plenty to take home. I had a tongue taco and a cheek taco. They were smaller but very good and to the tune of 10$. I was pleasantly pleased and would recommend it highly. If you want good food, service and a check that doesn't break the bank. Costa El Sol is the place.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,2/4/2014,3,19,,3,2>1st time since childhood being here. Now I remember why my parents loved t so much. Great setting (must like old style steak house), nice little bar, great staff. Salad bar is top notch, drink prices are cheap. We got Prime Rib and Sirloin. Prime rib was perfect, very little fat, steak was good size and cooked perfectly. Great  experience and I will say I'm hard to please when it comes to a steak house.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,2/3/2014,105,425,,8,2>To be honest the friendly people who own this and their Bacon Dog are what sent this from a 3 to a 4 star review.I ordered the Bacon Dog with fries and a Four Cheese Panini with fries. The Bacon Dog is fantastic. The panini was fine but for having four cheeses it lacked any real flavor. I think one of the cheeses needs to be replaced with something more exciting. The fries were the only real let down - they needed to be cooked longer and at least salted or seasoned when they come out of the fryer.That being said I would return just for the customer service and that awesome bacon dog!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,2/2/2014,10,4,,5,1>Working less than 30 feet away, I have had every item on their menu. Every. Single. One. You can't have everything in life... but at least you can have tots slathered in pizza sauce and topped with an egg. I have never spent more than $10 there (albeit I've had every menu item, I've never ordered a whole pie) so anyone complaining about price is ludicrous or extremely obese. Get a combo! Of you're taking it to a bar and don't need the drink, TELL THEM! GET MORE TOTS! BONUS TOTS! TATTERTOTS 4EVER. The only negative I've ever experienced is having a slightly undercooked slice once or twice, usually because I order right at open and I'm a butthole, or that it took a while to deliver or get my order in, usually because some drunk idiot in front of me is confused why they don't have breadsticks even though he's been looking at their giant menu right in front of him. Don't be that idiot. Order and enjoy. Get a slice of jalapeño and sausage with an egg on top.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,2/1/2014,18,8,,2,1>This is only my second visit here but I am impressed. Oh - We checked into foursquare for an additional discount (FYI) in case you're a foursquare person : ) Dinner was perfectly cooked! Our service was better than I have had in a long time. Great spot to watch the game. When it's all said and done don't skip dessert. Best cheesecake and shortcake we've had in Omaha to date! We took a growler home the beer was so good...
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,9/30/2014,98,210,,6,5>I walk here when I need to hunker down to work in a quiet controlled environment sans the temptation of the normal home distractions.I bring my laptop and make myself comfortable on one of the many tables in the open space of the library. Plenty of light pours in; the openness is inviting. Throughout the library there are plenty of tables and chairs; make yourself comfortable in a new spot each visit.The physical location offers your regular library fare: books, audiobooks, DVDs, etc. Online there's free access to music, eBooks, digital magazines, etc. Low and behold the evolving public library!Did you know you can reserve a meeting room? Have your next meeting here (and for free).Us Council Bluffs residents are very lucky to have a relatively new, updated and clean state-of-the-art library. Take advantage of it!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,9/29/2014,16,104,1,5,2>Two of my friends and I met here on a stormy, wet night before attending another outstanding Sunday Roadhouse concert at The Waiting Room around the corner. At 7:00 PM we were the only people in the place. After a friendly greeting and some explanation from the young man behind the counter (for some reason I thought this business shared more than a former location with Worker's Takeout). What Star and Worker's share beyond that is a very reasonably priced, absolutely world class sandwich experience! I had the half French Dip and if I have ever had a better one I certainly can't tell you where or when. The bread had the perfect crust and texture to stand up to repeated dipping in a perfectly executed au jus. The beef was thinly sliced and wonderfully tender. Perfect in every way, and for 4 bucks it will be on my A list from now on when I find myself in Benson!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,9/28/2014,3,39,2,3,2>Mama's is nearly a weekly choice for our family. The staff and service is top notch. I am not sure who does the training, or what incentives are leveraged to the high school and college employees there, but i have never seen more polite and hard working youths. They do a great job and are always helpful.The food speaks for itself. Great pizza all around, regardless of your toppings. Out "Go-to" is the 4-cheese with white sauce.A great, open environment that allows you to monitor kids, but let them mingle at the same time.Cheers!!! To Mamas!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,9/27/2014,7,30,1,2,1>Okay hopefully this review is valid BUT I just got back from the brewhaha event in Omaha earlier tonight and these folks were there as part of the tasting. Their Thai Chicken ravioli is one of the BEST things I think I have ever had. Not too sweet, not too spicy but very rich. It comes with a peanut sauce that is very subtle and great (normally I do not enjoy peanut anything). I am so impressed I plan on eating here soon. I met one of the chefs and the 3 folks there were really sweet. Seriously though, try that Thai chicken ravioli. So rich and it's only 9 dollars for lunch prices, you can't beat that.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,9/26/2014,77,12,2,2,3>I would say Blue is one of the better sushi places you're going to go to in Omaha. Is it earth shattering? Eh, no. But if you go there during Happy Hour, it is definitely worth it. Thursday night they have dollar Sapporos as well as Happy Hour drink/sushi specials. Very fun when you want to celebrate. (I used to go here when my Creighton friends all started turning 21. We we do the whole dollar beer thing, each order a round of Sake bombs, and stumble our way to the Dubliner around midnight when they closed.) Their tan roll is really good if you want something simple. Ditto the the spicy tuna. The Crunchy Blue roll is pretty legit. (Or maybe it is the Crunchy LA?) Try both! Their Dragon roll is also delicious if you like eel.Upstairs in Sake Bombs is realllyyy loud, so I only like going there with groups, now. If you want to go there for drinks with a couple girlfriends or a date, and actually talk... Stay downstairs.Overall, not a bad a place. Not the best sushi place you will ever visit, but it definitely is a fun visit!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,9/25/2014,9,52,1,3,2>I had been avoiding this place because it's really dog friendly and I do not like dogs indoors. But my friend dragged me here one afternoon anyway, and I've since been back twice in a matter of weeks, so I'm officially hooked! There's usually a nice mix of people- some studying quietly, one or two watching television, others chit chatting lowly. I'm usually on the patio with a book. They have cushions for the larger patio chairs just inside the front doors.Dogs do indeed come and go with their owners, but the folks here keep them on short leashes and they don't let them come up to you. This makes this place possible for me to visit. Visually I love the space. I imagine I'll be doing some studying of my own here as the weather cools down.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,9/24/2014,53,68,,4,4>So much more than coffee! These chatty and lovable guys are proud of their choice selected coffee bean retailer, which undoubtedly provides an amazingly addictive cup - but they are proud of ALL their retailers!  This coffee shop is connected to an "everything made in Nebraska" gift shop,  complete with delicious wines,  jams, jewelery,  photography,  and t-shirts from natives. My favorite t-shirt says "it doesn't get NE better". They have added a soup shop with home made soups and delicious sandwiches,  which is worth the trip alone.  They have outdoor seating for the summer weather,  festivals on the calender,  and are a happy,  nebraska-trivia rich bunch - perfect stop when you have guests from out of town!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,9/23/2014,30,64,4,2,2>I utilized the drive-thru today and the gentlemen that took my order was quite helpful and friendly but beware he speaks very fast so pay attention..I ordered the barley beef stew and all I can say is wow-- as in delicious wow, quite tasty.  Although I would expect a little more beef but nonetheless delicious.  I also had their ham sandwich which was delicious as well, pretty clear all their ingredients are fresh.They have a number of different soups which I will be trying this fall, seems soups are always better in the fall/winter and I'm looking forward to their chili as well.Negatives, kind of a dumpy looking building close to the hood.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,9/22/2014,17,103,4,4,5>Delicious, hot, beefy goodness.This was my second experience with Stella's, and I don't know why I don't come more often.  A group of five, and we only had to wait fifteen minutes.  Because this place is always packed, you do get a rushed vibe.  We all ordered quickly, and devoured the burgers in record time too.  Why?  Maybe because of the loitering patrons hungrily waiting for our table, or the folks waiting outside for a seat too...Regardless, take time to savor and slow down, this burger is worth it.  Next time, I won't let my self be rushed.I don't know what else I can add that others haven't already said.  Excellent cheeseburgers.  Bottom Line.Handcut fries are good, but a side is plenty to share.  Onion rings are average, nothing fantastic.  If you are daring, load up on all the exciting toppings they offer to fancy up your 6oz. patty.Aside from a little claustrophobia (the charm of the establishment?) this is one of Omaha's/ Bellevue's best burgers!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,9/21/2014,179,204,4,10,8>I thought we'd pretty much have the place to ourselves, since it was really too late for lunch and too early for dinner when we arrived.  Gosh was I wrong, it was packed.We ordered the shrimp scampi, charbuff wings and burgers all around. The scampi was delicious, flavorful with lots of garlic and cheese.  Oh and it was served with dinner rolls which were perfect to dip into the garlic cheese sauce. The charbuff wings were charred to delicious perfection and were served with homemade dressing. We tried both ranch and blue cheese.  Let me tell ya, homemade sauce makes a huge flavor difference -both were fresh and very tasty!Our burgers were also good, but I will admit I loved the appetizers more than the burger.  I was pleased to be able to order real cheddar cheese on my burger. The kid's meals consisted of two slider size burgers and they loved them, although they weren't fans of the smiley fries.Server guy was awesome and genuinely friendly.I really enjoyed my meal and will definitely go back again and again!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,4/3/2014,34,20,1,5,3>Delicious dim sum in Omaha!  I've read a few mixed reviews but decided to give this place a try. We were blown away!  The pork congee, Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, beef rice noodle rolls, BBQ steamed pork buns, and pork + peanut dumplings were all stand outs that I recommend!  We also enjoyed the Singapore noodles (which were not on their menu but they prepared for us). Tons of food for $40 and we took home the leftovers for dinner. Dim sum is only served on weekends from 11am-3pm--this will definitely become a regular hang-out.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/2/2014,41,51,1,7,3>So here's the deal. This is a classic abarrotes type joint that serves honest to goodness Salvadoran food. It's made to order, takes a while and they aren't all things to all people. No free WiFi, no outlets, and no loyalty program asking for checkins and shout outs.And that is exactly why I love this place. The owners run the place and their only employee is a family member.The star of the show is the pupusa. All juvenile jokes aside, these little circles of masa, beans, cheese and pork are $1.50 each. They're grilled and get nice and crispy. Eat them right off the grill and you will burn the hell out of your mouth. They come with salsa and curtido (vinegary spicy coleslaw) on the side.Try it out
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2014,4/1/2014,20,68,,5,3>I went to Summer Kitchen for brunch today with a couple of friends. If I were to rate the service alone, I would give it a 5 star for sure! Our server was extremely attentive, filling up our drinks every time they got below half full. She offered us menu suggestions and was just generally really sweet. The food was exactly as I said, "A-OK" I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak, which I am not proud to say that I am a bit of a connoisseur of.  It was disappointedly low on my list of best CFS in the city.  It was poor quality meat and less than average white gravy. On a positive note, the sides were delicious!  The eggs were great, the potatoes were even better, and too top it off.....they have a million sweet treats to choose from. I went with a snickerdoodle cookie that tasted wonderful. My husband went with the chicken benedict that was absolutely amazing. I think I just went with the wrong menu item on this trip, I definitely plan to return and update my review sometime soon.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,3/31/2014,39,76,,5,5>Pageturner's Lounge is a bar I could see myself becoming a regular at.  The older I get, the more I need to know when I go to a bar I will be able to find a seat.  Sure it is nice to have good atmosphere, an interesting array of people and good drinks, but for me tables are key.  This place had all of that, plus they had a nice aperitif that I had not encountered, dubonnet.  They had this wonderful spiced, fortified wine aperitif in a drink called the figure eight. It is composed of bullet rye with dubonnet, orange juice and bitters and tasted like a boozy christmas with it's spicy/orangy flavors.  They have more bottled beer then draft, but a good selection of craft beers plus it is always nice to see strongbow cider on the menu.I almost didn't want to post a review, because then I could keep all the tables to myself!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,3/30/2014,7,5,3,6,4>I visited salt for the first time at lunch on Valentines day.  We had "OUT of this world" service.  Our waiter was just the right amount of attentiveness and was very helpful with choosing wines.  He brought us some to taste just for fun and of course they were so good we had to order a couple of glasses.  Food was tasty and not pretentious.A couple of weeks later we brought our teens with us on a Sunday.  Happy Hour all day!!!  Everyone found something on the menu they liked which is saying something since we have some picky eaters.  The services was very good once again.  The cotton candy was a big hit.  Now...they want to go every Sunday.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,3/29/2014,101,167,2,6,5>Owner is awesome, we came in on a very busy night and a guy threw up so it was taking forever to get our hookah. Our first time there, we were totally offended and was about to leave when the owner came in, apologized and gave us smokes on the house. Great laid back crowd. I will definitely come back next time I'm in town. Prices are decent and you know that staff can pack a bowl when Al Fakher lasts you a long time. They are really good about changing coals too.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,3/28/2014,0,8,,5,3>Come hungry!!! This place has wonderful hot and crispy fried chicken, a little pasta salad beforehand, large hand cut fries and plenty of hot sauce! Get in touch with your redneck side, the racoons are thrown chicken scraps just out side the window. Has a "divebar" feel to it, but you have to try at least once because it is always an experience. Fun little drive out past Hummel Park. Nice! :-)
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,3/27/2014,30,126,,4,2>I had their Burrito Ranchero yesterday for Lunch (They only serve lunch on Fridays) and it was nice. Nothing out of the ordinary but very reasonably priced. The daughter of the owner came over to talk to us for a while. Another relative will be opening another Mexican Restaurant in town soon. They have remodeled and have a nice sized party room in the back. Cash only.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,3/26/2014,14,72,4,5,3>Get the veggie pita served warm.  I know it doesn't sound good at all, but it is frickin awesome!  I don't know how they do it, but it's awesome.  You should also have the baklava ice cream for dessert...amazing!!I've had the vegetarian pastichio, and it was good but a little blander than I expected.  If I indulge in a giant plate of cheesy, creamy, hearty pasta casserole, I expect to have my mind-blown, and that didn't happen.  :(  The chicken souvlaki pita is also pretty good.  The avgolemono soup tasted off, but I've never had it anywhere else so that could just be my taste.  Honestly, nothing else I've ever had there is as good as the veggie pita.  One of these days I'm going to try their ouzorita, which apparently is a Greek margarita.Pros: Veggie pita.  Baklava ice cream.  Out-of-this-world tzatziki sauce (and lots of it). Free bread & butter.  Lots of vegetarian entrees.  Greek coffee.  Large servings.  Bar.Cons: Hummus is meh. Bland pastichio. Weird soup.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2014,3/25/2014,29,200,,7,3>With a sign like this how could anyone not be a fan of this classic hamburger stand? Decided I'd have to try it, and I'm glad I did. Ordered up a #2 combo - Double Cheeseburger with fries and a drink. Burger was good. A touch greasy, filled with crisp white onion and crunchy pickles. Served with mustard only and two slices of good ol' American cheese. Fries were a bit of a disappointment. Good flavor but they were a touch under done for my liking and therefore limp and just a bit oily. Service was fast, but the young lady at the cashier seemed pretty down. Just pushed the buttons and put in the order. Not a hint of a smile. I'll be trying a few other hamburger joints before going back for a burger at Bronco's. I would, though, like to take a pork tenderloin or some fried chicken for a spin...
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,11/9/2014,11,51,2,1,1>Self-proclaimed(maybe it is written somewhere) hottest Thai in Omaha.  We(my wife, friend and I) were feeling like Thai and came here based on previous Yelp ratings.  We ran a risk coming here in the evening to what is obviously a lunch crowd restaurant and we were not disappointed.  We got Spring Rolls - Awesome. Pad Thai - Not what I traditionally think of when I've ordered it, but still good.  Red Curry (Level 3, out of 10, hotness) - Also really good.  My buddy got the Siam Garden and was happy.My only knock on this place would be that it shares a wall with a pet grooming business, the same wall we sat next to, and while not terribly strong I could faintly smell "wet dog". Now back to the heat.  I'm not a self-proclaimed heat chaser but 3 was pretty spicy, and easily spicy enough for my wife but I think I could turned it up one more notch and had been good.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2014,11/8/2014,38,93,2,3,2>Do-nuts, doughnuts, death from the fryer... however you call them those puffed up, glazed, melt in your mouth, blow up your blood sugar morsels of death are a treat. I was nearly alone in the parking this morning at 845am. I walked into the store and was greeted by the scent of donut shop and sugar. Now there is a difference in smells between a donut shop and a bakery. There was no aroma of bread as you might expect more of a hearty sugar scent. Rows upon rows of glorious donuts in all their lovely configurations. I needed two dozen... well I didn't -need- two dozen, who needs two dozen donuts? I volunteered to bring in some to the office this morning.  I surrendered myself to the lady behind the counter when she asked if I wanted to pick them out. Nope, you put yourself in the hands of the professionals when it comes to picking out what should go in your mouth.  I told her I wanted a dozen donuts and a dozen bars/others. Total for all came to less than $33.00 and they take all kinds of plastic. I was nearly mugged when I walked into training this morning. There was much moaning and looking for milk. Now as a diabetic, I have to be careful about my sweets. I wasn't planning on eating one, I do find happiness in watching others eat things I can't but there was an apple fritter with my name on it.  It was worth the headache!Located on 16th and Cass, it's a hop, skip and jump away from my apartment. Donuts might be a regular thing in the office!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,11/7/2014,24,9,2,5,4>Real time review guys. So I walked in and was greeted by a friendly hostess who sat me and went to get my server who was trying to chow down his lunch quickly while slightly hidden behind a wall. (whatever it was, looked yummy) so my server quickly comes over and introduced himself as Robert.  I ask if I should try the b.l.a.t. sandwich or the grill cheese and tomato soup. He suggested the later. We had a short conversation about the restaurant (I'm a bartender and server myself) and after looking for a good drink to try, he offered to make me something. He brought out a strawberry, raspberry, basil lemonade that had so much flavor I couldn't help but be pleased. When my meal came out. I realized that I hadn't read the full description of the meal. This sandwich is huge, comes with a crisp veggie salad and did I mention that they put short ribs on their grill cheese?  I may have gained a few pounds after indulging in today's lunch but that's what gyms are for I guess. All in all, I had a wonderful time and my server/bartender Robert was very handsome and charming. *a bit pricey so I would suggest keeping it for special occasions or comming with a date who will pay for you :P
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2014,11/6/2014,2,28,1,3,3>Hole in the wall- usually I take my food to go.  Most dishes take about 20 minutes to cook, so don't go there if you are in a hurry- or at least call ahead and place your order. I think this place easily has the best indian food in Omaha. The Hyderbadi Lamb Biryani, lamb curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorites. The biryani is very spicy, the lamb curry can also be- despite the fact that they ask you how spicy you want it. The chicken tikka is not spicy. (I like very spicy btw)
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,11/5/2014,7,17,1,4,3>This place was great. I was in Benson to meet some friends at another bar. I got there early and saw this place on my way to the other bar. Thought I'd stop in for a quick beer. The staff and beer blows away the other two bars I went to in Benson. One of them a brewery as well. I didn't get the chance to eat here, but it looked good. I wish I could've made my night here instead of the other two bars I ended up spending the evening at. Much better quality!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2014,11/4/2014,8,23,2,5,3>This is what every town needs, a bar friendly to the soccer community. Always accomidating to various tv schedules and great prices on their spirits. Not to mention a great selection. The staff is always cool and laid back. They know what they are selling and have no problem trying to help you find the right beverage. Each booth has small tv so you can see the action without having to turn towards one of the larger ones on the walls. Another cool feature is that during certain occasions, they bring in turf and cover the floor with it to provide something truly unique. Only thing this place is missing is a food menu but you would be crazy to let that stop you from checking this place out.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,11/3/2014,189,417,5,16,11>Anyone who knows me will also know I love to scope out Hawaiian Food anywhere I travel....Especially places really far away from Hawaii itself.I cannot be more thrilled that there is now REAL- "local" as we call it- food in the Omaha area. They are already a popular spot for their limited weekend hours, serving up a different Hawaiian plate lunch every weekend. (A little history lesson: Plate lunches originated from food trucks back in the 1880's for plantations workers on the sugar cane and pineapple fields of Hawaii. Mixed with the Chinese, Japanese, Portugal, and the Philippines influence, it became a mixture of rice, mac salad, and a meat dish with sometimes a veggie side or salad) This type of dining is a staple in the Hawaiian islands--and this is your chance to have a taste of the islands without stepping foot into a plane.The blue bus is set up exactly like the food trucks back at home. They have a shave ice machine so similar to the ones back home that I PROMISE you it beats any crunchy icy sno cone that you have ever eaten. The ice is so fine it will melt in your mouth like powdery snow. The syrup flavors are just like the ones back home also, you can get flavors like haupia (a hawaiian coconut dessert), mango, orange, banana, POG (passion orange guava)-a hawaii favorite, and a few more that I've forgotten.The plate lunch itself was great. I ordered the mixed BBQ plate which included Kalbi ribs and BBQ chicken (not western BBQ). The meat was well marinated and very tender, I think I would have liked the kalbi to be cooked a little longer so it has those charred bits on the end though. The mac salad was ultra refreshing and the cucumber salad was prepared in a korean way (banchon, if you are familiar with korean cuisine)If this food truck existed during my undergrad days at Creighton I would have been lining up the block every weekend. There were so many numerous days I would feel homesick and want the comfort of home food- yet living in the dorms didn't allow cooking. The truck is run by two Creighton graduates who have a knack for business and a passion for food and their hawaii roots! Their goal is to share the flavor of the islands with everyone in the area, and have a little fun while doing it.*****The current location is right on Creighton's campus on Burt St, between 21st and 22nd. ****I have a feeling they may move when the school year starts but for now head on over there to treat yourself to a shaved ice bowl with special sauce on these hot summer days and a delicious plate lunch!!!! I can't wait to see what is on next week's menu. ****If you follow on facebook you can see what they are making for the week and the hours of operation for the week (right now I think they are weekends only?)facebook.com/pages/Local…HAWAII in OMHAHA!!!! Can you tell im just a little excited????
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2014,11/2/2014,30,126,1,8,5>You can't drive down West Center Street on a weekend and not smell this Smoker without wondering what's cooking. I had passed it several times but thought it was hit and miss until I realized it was only a Thursday to Saturday option. Parked in the NW corner of Canfield Plaza, all you se is this big black metal monster. I found out it was a beast that Perk and a few friends actually created themselves, an old school wood burning smoker. I asked Perk what he thought he did best was the brisket, he told me the recipe came to him in a dream, he has been cooking for 40 years, but this was his best yet, so of course I had to try it out myself. You could see him pull off the meat from the slab of brisket, so you knew it was tender at the start. He pulled a Rotella's bun from his bin and just slathered layers of beef on the bun, and it was as good as advertised. I will have to go back and try out some of his other offerings, now that I know when he is parked there.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,11/1/2014,72,103,3,8,4>Have visited Mula twice in the past three weeks. Once with a party of ten and once as a duo. My experience both times were excellent. The first trip had ten excited diners of varying adventure levels. If you know me....you know I am on the low end. I was blown away by our waitress's ability to handle a ten top on a weekend during a busy dinner rush. I was more impressed with her knowledge of the food, drinks and her ability to confidently make suggestions. I was boring this time and got an IPA from local brewer Infusion while everyone else got mixed drinks they were raving about. Infusion's IPA is very good also. Every appetizer and kind of guacamole was purchased by and for the table, and our crew went through it all and many pleasurable sounds and comments were made throughout. I went after the pork belly which just melted beautifully in ones mouth. I was told by the waitress two weeks later that the recipe had changed and that people said it was too fatty. Who are you people?? I had four mini tacos steak, pork and shrimp (they all have Mexican names) the steak was good, the pork was fantastic (braised in coke, slightly crispy and flavorful) and the shrimp was mouth burning delicious. At 41 I have just become addicted to mouth burning food and these guys are the inspiration. The second meal was also on a weekend during dinner.  We had a different server who was also knowledgeable and great with suggestions. Since I was told the pork belly had changed I went with the Mexican/Scottish Egg (which has a Mexican name) for an appetizer and got a cocktail called Don Flores which is a tequila based mojito. The drink was delicious and was something that I enjoyed sipping throughout dinner. The egg was delicious. Spicy sausage, a crisp then moist breading/crust and well, an egg. Super flavorful. Not going to lie...I did the same tacos again and they were just the same as a couple weeks back. I am really enjoying both this area of town and this eatery. It will be a very regular stop seeing as how many of my friends enjoyed it also.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2014,10/31/2014,29,200,1,5,5>I've heard a lot about the fish tacos here and decided I had to stop in. As a Los Angeles transplant, I've had the real deal in SoCal plenty of times...Had to try this place...And was pleasantly surprised but, overall, disappointed. The good: Fresh, perfectly cooked and seasoned fish. An awesome and crunchy fried tortilla. The portion size (no need to order two).The not so good:Shredded yellow cheese.The price. The cheese isn't bad, just not what I'm used to on a fish taco. I'm no purist though - change it up all you want. I'm not nuts about cabbage anyway. But I do prefer my fish fried for my fish tacos.Instead of yellow cheese why not some shredded queso fresco? I can get shredded yellow at Taco Bell. So the price...Definitely off the charts for my cost-to-value index. Paid over $10 for a Mexican Coke and one Fish Taco. Fish Taco alone is $6.30 even though the website still has it at $5.30. Sure it's satisfying and the portion is large -- I just can't see spending that much on one taco. And $2.50 for a Mexican Coke? I guess it's on par with everywhere else, but I can get the same bottle at Family Dollar for $1.25.Don't mean to sound cheap but living in Omaha has taught me to be conservative! :p
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,6/12/2014,53,176,,6,2>The Henry Doorly Zoo is a huge advantage to living near Omaha. It is an experience in itself and it's one of my favorite past times.The zoo is voted one of the best in the world. With it's award-winning Lied Jungle and it's reinvented Scott's Aquarium, there's almost no animal you won't see here (chimps and panadas). The zoo is always working on a new project, and reviving it's already well-established animal habitats. The zoo itself is convenient enough to cater to good or bad weather. With multiple indoor facilities housed towards the front of the park, it's well-suited for year-round entrance. The zoo's layout is also convient for vistors who have a lot of time, or only an hour or so. As a teacher, I enjoy taking my students to the zoo. It's a great experience for the students and is easy enough for the teachers. From my experience, the zoo is handicap accessible. I've yet to encounter a problem with strollers or wheelchairs. The zoo also offers a special pass for special education classrooms, so we get a pass and try and go a couple times a year. I do have a couple complaints. As fellow Yelpers have complained, the large cat and bear establishments are far too small, and almost sad. I do know that a larger cat complex is in the works, which is amazing, but this should have been done years ago. Some of the large cats can be found pacing back and forth often. The prices for food here can get a little pricey. Save your money and bring a sack lunch.  If you do want ice crea- get it at the aquarium. The price isn't too bad, they're huge, and that have soft serve. Makes for a hot day. The price for entrance has changed in recent years, and is now $15 a person. If you plan on going multiple times, get a pass, and it'll pay itself off. If I have family in from out of town, the zoo is one of the first places we will go. It satisfies both touristy adults and adventurous children. If you live or are planning to visit the Omaha area, be sure to check out the zoo. You won't regret it.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,6/11/2014,30,126,,7,5>Saw this food truck in the parking lot of Walgreens and decided to give it a try. Find out the La Chiripa on 19th and Vinton has reopened under new ownership and this food truck is associated with them. I order something simple, the Beef Burrito and received it almost right away. It wasn't till I got home and sank my teeth into it that the taste of grilled beef just permeated my palate. Avacado, tomatos, it was garnished well. I will go back to try other dishes here soon!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,6/10/2014,29,200,,6,3>Found myself to be the recipient of a very generous gift card to Lot 2 and decided to take my brother and sister-in-law out to dinner to enjoy some big spending on some delicious food. It's been just under two years since I've been to Lot 2 and boy was it good to be back. My drink: the Manhattan. Delicious. Everything I hoped it would be. And a bargain at $9. Appetizers: Rabbit, Scallops. Best scallops I've ever had. Incredible sear, buttery and tender. Duck confit gave it an added layer of richness while the pomegranate syrup brightened and elevated the dish with a sweet, acidic flourish. Awesome. Rabbit was homey and rich and the gnocchi and mushrooms were the perfect earthy goodness to go with the tender, fall-apart rabbit. Wanted some extra bread just to scrape the bowl clean. Wow. I ordered the special after debating between the Duck and the Pork Cheek all week. Glad I got the special. Seared Branzino with carrots and oyster mushrooms and a delicious, velvety purée all served next to three crispy, juicy cuts of pork belly. If you'll notice in my last review I had mentioned wanting an appetizer or special featuring pork belly -- well, I picked the perfect night to come in. What a terrific entrée. So many layers of flavor and texture. The house-pickled onions were the perfect topper to every expertly crafted bite I could fit on my fork. Haven't had fish cooked so perfectly in a long long time. And to top it off... Joel, the wonderful chef at Lot 2, personally served our entrees and explained our dishes to us. We even got a chance to say good night at the end of our meal and thank him for an incredible dining experience. Morgan, our waitress, provided top-notch friendly and humorous service that was appreciated by all of us. A truly memorable meal and dining experience that had each of us saying, "Wouldn't it be awesome if we could so this every Friday night?"Thank you, Lot 2!!!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2013,6/9/2014,26,33,2,6,2>I've been meaning to make it here ever since I started working in this neck of the woods -- but the draw from Cali Taco has been too strong for me to overcome.However, I finally made it over with some work friends and I'm glad I did. The food is decent. The fresh-cut french fries were probably my favorite thing we tried -- but my chicken shawarma was also well seasoned and the perfect size for lunch. The saffron lemon chicken also came highly recommended from my co-workers, but I'll have to try it for dinner sometime because I'm told it's a pretty large serving.Make sure you take in the decor when you visit. Yes, it's pretty dark and dingy when you first walk in, but you have to give them bonus points for the stories behind some of the artwork inside (including pieces from Mister C's!). The one thing we still don't have an answer for, however, is the big blue dot painted on the ceiling above the door. The building's owner is to thank (blame?) for that - and his fiancee, who was our server, didn't even know what led to that decision.  So if anyone can help solve the blue dot mystery, please share!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,6/8/2014,54,368,3,8,2>I feel the need to update my review. Not because I'm changing their rating status, but because I do tend to frequent this spot quite regularly DESPITE the inconsistent rules that seem to govern the place. A couple of tips necessary for those of you considering a visit to this little establishment:1. Your bill will NEVER be consistent. Sometimes you're charged for glass (Riedel glassware) and sometimes you're not.2. Sometimes the service and spot on and sometimes a bit more slow, making this a not-for-lunch destination if your on a time table.3. The restroom is down the longest corridor of stairs EVER, so if you have knee/ankle/drunk problems, you may need to rethink this option.4. In the European style, they are open to smoking on the patio so if you have an aversion to cigarette or cigar smoke, stay away from the patio AND the tables most adjacent to the patio.5. Best meat and cheese plate selection in the area in terms of selection and value.6. The haricovert in pancetta will rock your world (if you love the green bean).7. Always assume you will overstay your anticipated visit by at least two hours.8. Fabu wine selection and, if you get the right person, spot on recommendations.So stop being in a hurry, grab a glass (or bottle) of wine and chill.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,6/7/2014,0,3,,5,2>My husband and I went here, based on the yelp review and location of the store, because I was tired of spending the money for walking/running shoes, only to have them still hurt my feet.  Red Dirt Running, did an analysis and fitted us both for new tennis shoes based on our needs.  For the same price that I would have spent at any average shoe store, we got a pair of name brand shoes that properly fit and support our feet.   Friendly, knowledgeable staff, happy to help no matter what stage you are in, walking, running, marathons etc.  Give them a shot!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,6/6/2014,1,12,,2,1>Today we had our first appt w Dr Rakes, pediatric dentist.  I was blown away by how friendly the staff was!  I took 3 kids in & all the ladies were so friendly, chatting away w the kids, etc.  They even opened up the dental area door & told me to just come straight in.  Some places prefer you to wait in the lobby but it was great to be able to walk around as I pleased.  It may have been due to the fact I had 3 kids getting cleaned all at once & there wasn't anyone else there but still, it was appreciated.  3 kids were cleaned, checked out by Dr Rakes & two future appts were made for my oldest son (cavities) & we were out of there in ONE HOUR!  That's how we like it! The only reason I didn't give the clinic 5 stars is bc Dr Rakes has two offices so he is only at the Bellevue one on Tues & Ths.  That's kind of a pain bc it means my son's next two appts will have to be during the school day & I dont like the kids to miss school.  I would highly recommend Dr Rakes for anyone looking for a ped dentist!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,6/5/2014,44,39,,4,1>To be honest I live really far from this place but we picked it because they offered alcohol. It's just a nice added bonus to have a drink while getting your feet rubbed. Amiright? When you enter, there's a cute little bar and reception area where you pick your color and your drink before you enter the main salon. The salon is laid out nicely. There's a giant nail bar in the middle to get your mani's done and pedicure stations lining the outer walls. Nice chairs. If you go by yourself there's a giant stuffed panda getting it's nails done to keep you company.When you sit down for a pedi they give you a menu which details how long and what is in each package and the price, which I really like. I got the deluxe pedicure, which lasts 35 minutes, included orange slices (not to eat) and a hot stone massage. It was delightful, relaxing and my nails turned out great.I went to this place with three wonderful ladies. Three of us were really satisfied with our mani's and pedi's one was not so satisfied with her manicure. It seems they really like to up-sell you on the shellac. Drink prices are very reasonable too. $1.50 for a bud light, cheaper than a real bar and more relaxing, I would definitely make the trip again.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,6/4/2014,0,11,,5,1>I have been here several times, most recently this afternoon. Today I had the French onion soup and bruchetta. Both were excellent. My friend had the chilled BLT soup and Mediterranean salad. She said the soup didn't taste like a BLT, like the server told us it would, but said it was very good regardless. Over the last year or so I have had several items on their menu and have enjoyed them all. My only comment would be that if you order a salad, get your dressing on the side. They tend to have a heavy hand with the dressing. The service is always quick and friendly to a fault. The restaurant and bathrooms are clean and well kept. I would recommend Jimi D's to anyone looking for great food & service in a relaxed environment.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,6/3/2014,24,214,4,4,2>Mother of God......Beertopia is awesome. If you enjoy beer I suggest coming here just to come here. Better yet, stop here and Crescent Moon at the same time. Beertopia has awesome employees who are super familiar with beer and all things associated with beer. Plus they are friendly. I had never been here before, and after about 5 minutes in the store it seemed like I knew both employees. They always have suggestions for new beers to try. They can pretty much suggest beer for anybody based off of what they already like. Great prices also. Everything I have bought here was slightly cheaper than a grocery store or convenience store. Say a $6 6 pack of beer is usually $5.50 or cheaper here. Lots of stuff you can't get anywhere else.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,12/2/2013,14,19,,2,2>I love most places in Dundee in general.  After eating at the Amsterdam falefel shop, we spontaneously decided to get dessert since my daughter goes nuts for anything with sugar. Ice cream was better than any most boxed store bought icecream.  Good location for a little ice cream shop in my opinion.My only complaint is the shop interior could look a little more cleaner..maybe re-model and paint it a bit?  I dont know I tend to be a snob when it comes to the interior of restaurants and places I go to.  Customer service was good.  Everyone is very nice there.  Four stars. Woohoo!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,12/1/2013,13,147,,4,5>And yet, two years later this place is still AHHMAZING! During Happy Hour you get these pull tab tickets, pull one tab only and get your drink on the discount printed on the tab you pulled (why do I feel like I am making this description so much more difficult than it really is???).
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,11/30/2013,0,27,,2,1>One of the last independent book stores in America! What I love about the Bookworm:  I always get personal service and recommendations from their staff. They have a frequent buyer program with a discount that doesn't require a special card. If they don't have it, they will order it at no extra charge. It is owned by real live people from Omaha. They have book signings with national and local authors.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,11/29/2013,25,163,3,3,1>I like scotch. Like, I really like scotch. It's my go-to liquor. I'm by no means an expert on the stuff, and if you blindfolded me I probably couldn't tell the difference between a 30 dollar bottle and a 200 dollar bottle, but I still love it. I like drinking it, smelling it, looking at it, and trying new versions of it.So you could imagine my surprise when, upon walking in the doors at Dundee Dell to sate my wife's hunger for fish-and-chips, I noticed more bottles of scotch on the walls of this bar than I've ever seen in my life. It was a moment of beauty. I seriously think I heard Ode to Joy emanating from the walls. The scotch menu is pages, and pages, and pages of scotch whiskeys you and I have never even heard of. It's glorious. It's mind blowing. It's awe inspiring.The food was ok. They get four stars just for being the single best bar I've ever been to for a scotch drinker. I'd give them five if their drams were a little more voluminous than 1.5 ounces. (winkwinknudgenudgehinthint)
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,11/28/2013,0,23,,2,2>Good spot for a burger fix. GREAT value on some inviting burgers. Nothing fancy but solid delivery. I had an Italian burger that was crusted with parm and served with a side of marinara. Hefty 1/2lb patty. It was cooked well done but it's fatty enough that it stayed juicy. Nice people, friendly owner. Worth a visit for sure but it's not a *destination* burger.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,11/27/2013,1,4,,2,1>Had dinner here with the family tonight. First off, I loved the look of the place. A lot of the design work was done by Omaha's SecretPenguin, and it really paid off. All brick and wood and incandescent light bulbs; it's very hip. The restaurant's pretty small, but there's a lot of outdoor seating, and it looks it'd be a great place to visit during the CWS. It wasn't crowded tonight, but it took quite a while for our food to come, and people who came in after us got their dishes well before us, so there might have been some mix-up in the kitchen. That being said, our waiter was friendly and attentive, so service was pretty good overall.We shared the Bavarian pretzel bites, which were good but expensive at $6 for eight small pieces. As a vegetarian, I thought they had a pretty good selection of entrees. I went for the veggie currywurst on a pretzel roll, and it was excellent - not the kind of dish you see often, either. I also got salt-and-vinegar chips, and they were nice and fresh but VERY salty. I liked them after I brushed off a lot of the salt; I'd recommend ordering them with less salt, if possible.All in all, a really cool restaurant in a great location - I'll be returning just to enjoy the design of the place, and I'd like to try the mac & cheese that my sister ordered.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,11/26/2013,16,3,,2,1>When I moved to Omaha, I had no idea of  where I would be going to get my next piece of art done. After reading through a lot of reviews and consulting some of my friends, I opted to go with Liquid Courage. I met with Andrew and he immediately for the vision of what I wanted to have done and what I wanted to incorporate. The trick was that I wanted to not only have a significant piece of work done, but I wanted it to be built around an existing tattoo. After some planning and 2 sessions, I was blown away with the art work that now graces my body. I will be back for additional work and never hesitate to to recommend them if someone is looking for some new work or to get tattooed for the first time. Simply phenomenal and my tip is to look through the portfolios of the artists. Each will have specialties of what they are best at in terms of design. Also, they are booked well in advance, so be patient...it will e worth the wait.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,11/25/2013,1,5,,2,1>Light years ahead of your Village Inns and Denny's, and infinitely more charming. We went in 20 minutes until close on a Sunday, and received prompt service and didn't wait more than 10 minutes after ordering. Our food was exactly what you'd expect from a greasy spoon hole in the wall. Sure, it's not breaking new ground or changing anyone's mind about cuisine, but it's generous and freshly made (except for the OJ and coffee, which were good but not great) and, most importantly, delicious. Our server was an absolute sweetheart. It was super loud and crowded and I couldn't help but smell the neighboring table's food while we were waiting, but for the size and quality of pancakes like those, I'll excuse a lack of intimacy for sure.As close to 5 stars as you can get for a basic brunch at this price point.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/4/2013,11/24/2013,11,70,,1,1>Stopped in for dinner before a show at the Holland Center. We were seated quickly and servers were attentive. The food was more than enough and was great. The shrimp and chicken could have been a little more crisp (honey walnut shrimp & Kung Pao chicken). The reason for three stars for the disorganized staff. We were given the wrong menu by the hostess, which was corrected by the server but only after I asked if they had a wine menu. The other reason is because when we received our bill it was way more than what we expected. When my husband looked through it he noticed they had added another appetizer and a  bottle of wine to our bill that we didn't order. When I looked at the table next to us I noticed they had the appetizer and wine...so our server added their items to our order. Not a huge deal as mistakes happen....but they were not busy and we were one of maybe four other tables in that section. She apologized and fixed it without issue. So, overall food was good and plentiful just be sure to check your bill before you pay;) Good place to try before a show, especially if you're looking to get in and out before a show downtown.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,11/23/2013,2,7,,2,1>My go-to place for comics. (And that super rare occasion that I feel like coffee.)The staff are exceptional - truly, if every place I went to had people as friendly as Legends, the world would be a happy beautiful peaceful place. I guess that sounds a bit cheesy, but I think that Superman is cheesy too, so whatever.I've heard from my bff that this is a great place for Friday Night Magic too, although I haven't been. Once again, the people who work here kick it up a notch.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,8/1/2014,13,34,4,5,3>My first impression when I saw the outside was, "this is a little cute place." Then we walked in it was dark, mellow, and seemed like a very romantic place. My boyfriend chose to bring me here because he wanted to take me somewhere special for my birthday. We ordered tell whiskey sirloin steak with broccoli soup, baked potato, rice, and we tried the bacon wrapped shrimp. It was all amazing so far one of my favorite date nights. This place made the night pretty special.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,7/31/2014,173,319,1,8,4>I contemplated hard about writing a review about this place...it's not because of the food or service really, it's because it's such a diamond in the rough I wanted to keep this place a secret all to myself and my boyfriend.  BUT, how Yelpy would that be? It would be very un-Yelpy-like so fear not, I am here to share with you this little gem of a place that was shared with us by our very own Omaha Community Manager Will S.I confess, we got a tad bit lost looking for it and when we parked outside we were uncertain of this place.  But we put our trust in our CM and threw caution to the wind! Cuz that's how Yelpers roll, foodie adventures are what we love! We sat down and our waitress came soon after that offering water and drinks.  We studied the menu a bit and decided on the Asada Nachos Supreme, I had the supreme tacos which I did not realize they would be similar to regular tacos {toppings etc} as tacos you would find at T.Bell, Joel had the Los Portales Quesadilla and there were a couple of tamales ordered as well.  The Nachos were AH-mazing! If I could have ordered just that I would, perhaps next time I will.  It had avocado, asada, cheese, sour cream, beans, the works and boy oh boy it was good! My boyfriend's Quesadilla was just as delicious and both were a generous size.  And yes they have horchata horchata lovers! So there you go Yelpy peeps this little Mexican Diamond in the rough is one of those mom & pops that you gotta make a trip out to because the food is delicious and I may not be of Mexican ethnicity but I'm pretty sure this is authentic :)
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,7/30/2014,49,24,1,2,2>Friendly staff, Kid friendly, Excellent customer service. Stopped by to get books for my kids (7 & 2) who had a blast looking around the store. When we couldn't quite find what we wanted the staff was great. They took the time to go through the books and helped us find the right selection. After leaving we noticed the book for my 2 year old was defective (binding was lose) so we brought it back. Because that was the only copy we wound up getting another book she liked that actually cost more at no extra charge. Thanks for doing the right thing Krypton!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,7/29/2014,15,29,1,1,1>Easily my favorite coffee shop in Omaha. There are several things you simply cannot beat about it:Mission: Affiliated with a church, they are a non-profit coffee house that uses parts of their proceeds to benefit local Omaha charities. Though the place is explicitly religious, I have never felt unwelcome or pressured by the employees or members of their religious group to attend their services beyond one simple invitation when I first visited. Product: The coffee is Beansmith which is delicious and high quality AND it's for a great cause. They also have small plates of desserts and lunch-type items that are homemade donations to their charitable cause. They have all the beverages you'd expect at a good coffee house from the simple brews to the frozen coffee concoctions.Atmosphere: Bright, airy, surrounded by books, and welcoming. You don't feel rushed or hurried. Price: Affordable!Service: Super friendly and personable. You'll probably makes friends with the employees in no time. If you're in the Old Market and you're thinking of getting a coffee, give Urban Abbey a try!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,7/28/2014,0,12,1,1,1>Recently newer owners and since then we have ordered almost every week from China Song. Delivery is quick and it arrives hot and fresh.  Best part of this new owner is he listens when you have comments / suggestions. I told him the hot and sour soup wasn't right, he fixed it and takes constructive critisism quit well.  No matter what changes we want he does it and with respect to your liking.  Yes, please,  thank you,  ma'am and sir go a very long way here.  We will be moving to Florida and WILL miss China Song delivery. The only Chinese food we like that's close and the delivery is a bonus.  And if you tip the driver appropriately your food not only arrives hot,  it comes with a smile.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,7/27/2014,2,7,,3,2>I went with relying on online reviews just like most newcomers to a new city. My roommate and I came across Bungalow/8, as well as several other salons, but saw that this salon had the best reviews overall. Therefore, I chose to make an appointment here and see how it went. From the phone call to the end of styling my hair, I was completely pleased with this business and their employers. As I walked through the front door, I was greeted politely by the receptionist, offered a beverage, and seated to wait for my stylist. Katie Hilgendorf soon appeared to graciously greet me as well. She started out by first showing me around the shop on our way to the styling chair. Then we started discussing my hair and what I wanted to do with it. I came in with full intentions of going much shorter, but had no idea what I wanted because I didn't know what would go good with my facial structure and the curliness of my hair. After much discussion of what would look better for my head of hair, it was time to make Katie's vision come true. It was a total makeover for her to play around with it! Katie was extremely helpful with all questions I had regarding to care for my hair as well. After the job was complete, I couldn't help but have a huge smile plastered on my face! Katie did a wonderful job of transforming what was once a mess of hair, to something I loved! On top of doing a great job on my hair, I truly appreciated being able to relax in the chair without being bombarded with questions about my life and trying to make conversation like I've found a lot of stylists have a tendency to do. With that, I also enjoyed seeing the diversity of stylists throughout the shop. The energy was great! I would definitely recommend Bungalow/8, as well as Katie!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,7/26/2014,5,19,,2,1>For starters we had HH drinks which mostly caters to whiskey, bourbon & wine! However they're a full service bar!  We shared a wedge salad that was surprisingly served with Catalina dressing! I was a fan but Paul prefers Blue Cheese dressing.  We also had the Crab Cake entree-3 large crab cakes filled full of crab but still not 5* like the East Coast! We give them 4*  we left happy, full & will go back!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,7/25/2014,1,6,1,3,2>This place trumps La Mesa and definitely Maria's by far. Their food is hot and full of flavor. I've tried many different items on the menu and haven't been disappointed yet. Their chips and salsa are delicious and will satisfy that part of your Mexican craving.  I've eaten a lot of Mexican food in Omaha and I highly recommend this place to my friends. The service can be slow at times but I can overlook that when the food tastes good and delivered with a smile on their face. Happy eating!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,7/24/2014,27,21,3,3,3>I was telling my dinner companion last night that I'm always a little bit sad taking my first bite of food at the GP.  I have eaten many different items here, but I'm always surprised and delighted by the gorgeous presentation.  I just don't want to mess it up!  That sadness persists until my brain registers what I'm tasting... and then suddenly, nothing else matters.  The food is complex, but so thoughtful.  Not a gratuitous ingredient... each one has a purpose.  The cocktails are equally mind-blowing.This is a very special place that should NOT be reserved for special occasions!  Top notch.  I really don't know what else to say about this place, because each dish is so unique, and not like anything you've ever tasted.  If you have an adventurous palate, just go there.  You won't be sorry.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2014,7/23/2014,35,109,3,4,2>Solid place.  Typically only go here for lunch so not familiar with menu since lunch is usually a buffet.  Food is good with some items being very good.  Typically items include chicken masala,  chicken tandoori, some curries, etc.   They have added some interesting items ( i.e goat curry and some kind of cabbage dish).  Loved the new items however you should watch for small bones in the goat.  Atmosphere is a little disappointing.  The space is large and has a cafeteria feel but the service is good.  If you are looking for Indian and a good price... feel free to stop by. us
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/7/2013,12/12/2013,15,16,,1,1>Overall, we enjoyed our visit here. It was an early Monday evening so not very busy yet. We were seated promptly. The server greeted us immediately. I must admit, we asked questions because we had never been there and she was a little unsure of her answers. But we got through the ordering and the bread came. It was delicious! The salads soon followed. I appreciated the nice crisp caesar salad with plenty of romaine hearts. I believed the dressing was fresh, if not, was of very good quality. Some of our party ordered local beers.They were an interesting inclusion on the menu. When the entrees arrived my mouth started watering. I love Chicken Parmesan. It was cooked wonderfully and an adequate portion size of meat. I would have liked a tad more melted cheese, but was served parmesan (I don't think it was fresh) on the side. The sauce was delicious. It made a great pairing. I did eat a bite of the vegetable that came with the entree. They were cooked poperly, but I would have rather had more pasta. In essence, I was very happy with my meal. Unfortunately, I noticed the small pizza one of our party ordered was noticeable burned on the bottom. I don't know how he ate it. I think he just wanted to be polite. We were tempted by dessert, but had other plans. I found the meal to be slightly expensive. When you add on the salad, your meal is about $20 a person, not including a beverage. When I have a craving though, we will definitely be back. This has the best Chicken Parmesan I have found so far in Omaha.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,12/11/2013,15,20,,7,3>Very good place to stop and get a bite to eat and a great beverage.The Beer selection is fantastic, they have a very good mix of beers for everyone.  The cocktail list is impressive too that includes classics as was well as some unique drinks.I have really liked what I have tried there.  The first thing I tried was the Scotch Egg.  First time I have ever had one and it was fantastic!  I will probably end up with one of those every time I stop in!My favorite entree so far is the Mac & Cheese!  I also had the Grilled Cheese and also the Reuben!  Both were good as well.Next time I stop by, I am trying the fish and chips!Overall a great place, friendly staff and a nice space.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,12/10/2013,56,122,,2,1>Delicious and authentic Italian cuisine.  The tortellini app was delicious and made tasted like fall.  The ambiance is darling and quaint and I look forward to it aging a little to not seem so new.  I encourage getting items and sharing.  It is a great place to start or end the night and you can be there for hours with a bottle of wine and great friends.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,12/9/2013,1,32,,2,1>What a great little place. The decor is eclectic, but the food is great. Unlike a lot of other mediterranean places, you can tell the food here is made fresh. Everything from the mint tea to the falafel has a slightly different emphasis each time I've had it. The menu is straight forward, the prices are reasonable, and the waiters are really friendly. I'll be back.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,12/8/2013,84,127,1,5,4>While it can be an adventure to find this mud house, it is worth the trip! I love going to new places and just sitting with the place. By that, I mean going alone so I'm not distracted and just experiencing how it feels to be there. So often we overlook vibes and energy in our busy lives, but it is a hobby of sorts of mine. Anywho, Accelerando feels comfortable. It is clean but not industrial or cold. It doesn't feel pretentious or stuffy, just like anyone from the neighborhood could walk in and grab a cup. Not every coffee shop feels like that.I had a cornflake latte. I wanted to try it because I have honestly never seen it on another menu. Great vanilla flavor. Next time I want to try the cinnamon roll mocha or the Latin mocha (it has orange and chocolate in in!).My only gripe is the price. I love supporting local businesses so I am happy to pay a premium from time to time (especially because they support local artists and the community), but the prices here will probably make this a "treat yourself" kind of place instead of a regular hangout.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,12/7/2013,193,329,1,3,3>This location is much larger than the previous. Clean and decked all up in Chicago items!The food... Well, it is the typical Chicago menu.... Chicago dogs, polishes and Italian Beefs... and other items which are really just a variation of the three menu items mentioned. You can't really screw up a dog... as long as you have all the Chicago fixings... which they do.... down to the poppy seed bun (which many places that pride themselves in Chicago Dogs forget). Fries may be fresh at times however, I do not believe they are fresh upon order. They taste as if they are freshly cut and then frozen until ordered. I'd add a little seasoning to the fries because they are a little bland.I am NOT a fan of Italian Beef but-- If I am going off taste... It does taste identical to an Italian Beef made in Chicago.My husband is a Chicagoian and loves all things Chicago... per his verbal review--- this place has authentic Italian Beefs.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,12/6/2013,98,210,2,2,2>I arrived at work and discovered I had forgotten my reading glasses! I called the pharmacy and the woman I spoke with was so helpful and kind. She told me where I could find the glasses if I were to come in, and assured me they had a variety of strengths. Ten minutes later I was in purchasing glasses (they saved the day), and she and a gentleman were behind the register and were incredibly personable and friendly. Highly recommend for any last-minute pharmacy-style needs!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,12/5/2013,24,214,3,5,2>This place is fantastic. We came here one day when they happened to be closed for remodeling and were sadly disappointed, so we went across the street yet again. When we came back we could not have been happier! This is one of the best taco places I have been to in the Omaha/Lincoln area. I ordered four tacos, lengua and al pastor. The lengua was the best I've had, cooked perfectly and had that soft, steak/roast beef kind of flavor to it. The al pastor was great as well, but not the best I have had. Don't worry though, I would still order every time I go here. Unfortunately for me, I ate one of the jalapenos they served with our meal. I did not know it was soaked in habanero juice and it was much hotter than I expected! But it was totally worth it!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,12/4/2013,58,216,,3,1>A deceptively awesome museum...Upon arrival, I liked the art deco interior, but wasn't under the impression that it'd be quite the extensive museum it was...Admission was 9 dollars which really wasn't that bad...a very nice lady was manning the counter and was very helpful in describing the museum and it's offerings...lots of stuff devoted to the history of Union Station and the city of Omaha, which I enjoyed since Im a relatively recent transplant and didn't know much about the city upon arrival...also lots of train exhibits and being able to walk through a real life caboose and Pullman car was very enjoyable...it's a shame train service isn't what it used to be since I'm guessing it was quite the experience to ride cross country on one...if your into museums and history, especially local history than make the Durham Museum a destination, you won't be disappointed...
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,12/3/2013,17,103,1,2,1>We are recent transplants to Bellevue, and as we were driving through the downtown, we stumbled across this place.What a pleasant surprise!  Very good pulled pork, and briskett.  We all did sandwiches, but the ribs looked fantastic.  They do have 2 house sauces, hot or mild.  They are pretty sweet in my opinion, (I'm more of a vinegar BBQ sauce fan personally) but each were equally good.  For a kids meal, and 2 sandwiches with sides our bill was just over $20.  For the amount of food, this places is a BBQ bargain.The interior was very casual, clean and family friendly.  On a few occasions, people stopped by to ask how our meal was.  Looks like they do a TON of take out.  I'm sure I will participate in that soon!Very good BBQ in my neck of the woods, we will be back, and fairly soon.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,3/24/2014,54,368,6,8,3>While the DEA may cite something like meth or crack or the marijane as America's greatest addiction, I would argue that pizza trumps all of those. In the chain-restaurant loving suburbs of Omaha, the addition of Mama's Pizza is LaVista is not only welcome, but much needed. It's 6 p.m. on a Friday night and the place is jammed with customers. While I'm not a fan of the carryout pizza (due to the essence of cardboard that seems to infuse the pizza regardless of how short the drive home may be), we went with this option knowing that this location would be a loud crush of families ringing in the New Year by sticking to their weight loss resolutions by drinking light beer and adding a side salad to their pizza order.It took us three tries to call in because the phone line was busy. Once we got through, we ordered our pizza, and were promised readiness within 20-25 minutes. I appreciate that this location has two entryways: one for carryout, one for dine-in. Regardless, the place is loud, confusing and exactly what we expect from Mama's...an unassuming establishing doing what they do...pizza, iceberg salad (with that garlic house dressing that doubles as a dipping sauce for onion rings, pizza and whatever else you might impulse order). Crisp crust with cheese on top (to hold the plethora of toppings onto the slice) - the pizzas are one of the better options in Omaha (large combo, side salad and chocolate chip cookie is a bit less than $30). When dining in, am also a fan of the onion rings and any number of other items on their menu. Service is fast and friendly.No delivery. No discounted $5 pizza deals. Pizzas are cut up in party squares - something I've only experienced in the Midwest and at children's birthday parties, but it works. Welcome to the 'burbs.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,3/23/2014,24,214,3,8,5>Jerry's bar is awesome. I've really become a fan since trying it during Omaha Beer Week 2014. The first time coming here I was pretty skeptical. It's in a little sketchy of a spot, my mom who grew up in Benson thought there was no way there was a Beer Week event at Jerry's. I arrived and walked in with my buddy, dressed pretty hipsterish and my buddy dressed like he just got done with a college class. There was 3 or 4 locals drinking PBR and a few more by the door and that was it. We sat down between the two groups so we had some space and ordered our beers (at the time, a Beer Week special from Zipline). I was astonished to see not only 5 taps with Miller, Bud, and Busch Light, Budweiser, and Hoegaarden, BUT 12 more taps! They had multiple craft beers from our own Storz (technically Lincoln's), ZipLine, Sierra Nevada, New Belgium, Summit, Tallgrass and several others. I couldn't believe it, and when the owner, Rob came over and talked to us he confirmed my thoughts. He bought the bar two years ago and has worked super hard at turning it into a craft beer bar. Since this bar is right on the outskirts of Benson, it caters to the hipster crowd (/beer snob crowd/ me), and the locals who have come here for twenty years. He's been in touch with all the local breweries and always has good stuff on tap. There's a jukebox and some TVs as well as booths to sit in. I've only been able to make it late at night, but I bet this place is packed during the early night time. I'll keep coming back to Jerry's and I hope his business continues to grow.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,3/22/2014,51,901,3,10,4>Just to clear up any preliminary confusion, Track's = Trackside. The neighborhood bar originally est. 1965 is back and better than ever. Though since this was a total dive before, it wouldn't really take much.You know you've had some good times at a bar when you have the following conversation while sitting in the newly remodeled Track's sipping beers and checking out the renovation.You:   I wonder if they fixed the bathroom door in the ladies room? Remember how you needed to always have someone hold it closed for you? Friend:    What? I rest my case. Trackside was just... that place. The place you go to when it's late at night, you're nearly home, but tying one on suddenly sounds like a better idea. My ultimate Trackside story happened years ago now, and is probably too racy for a food blog. Suffice to say there was some solicitation involved - which I politely declined. (Complimentary though it was).Another fond memory included singing karaoke with our wedding party after a stop at the 20's club until the bartender bribed us to leave by selling us a case of bud light. Those were the kinds of things that happened at Trackside. But what now, when the idea of staying out past 10pm has suddenly lost its appeal to me? Has the new Tracks matured with us? In short... YES.I can't compare the food from before, because usually by the time we rolled in here the kitchen had long closed. According to their Yelp description, though, they have the "world's best chicken" and roast beef sandwiches.  We started with some buffalo chicken balls. Basically just orbs of blue cheese and chicken fried up nice and crispy. These were definitely a winner. I wonder how many I could eat..? Unfortunately we were only allotted four. Next time maybe order more... or come for happy hour when they're just $2.99 for an order! Speaking of which, HH is 3-6pm with $3 wells and beer. Also, pickle cards for all domestic beers! Not sure what the difference is between fried chicken and broasted chicken, but either way it's delicious. Too hot to eat when it first arrived, I dug in anyway... nearly burning my fingers trying to get at that moist perfectly cooked chicken, stopping only to shove more fries in my face. Then a Jolly Rancher appeared under my fries. Was it supposed to be there or did someone accidentally drop it on my plate? Who cares, it's blue and we all know that's a good flavor. I ate it and appear to be no worse for the wear because of it.This isn't the kind of food you feel especially good about after eating, but it's enjoyable if you know what you're getting into. And I'll definitely be getting into it again. Just writing this gets me in the mood for bar food, actually.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/21/2014,16,4,2,5,3>Their vegetarian Reuben is better than any Reuben with meat that I have ever had.  They have fantastic Brussels Sprouts and Sweet Potato Fries.  The ketchup is phenomenal with a hint of banana.  Their smoothies are great tasting and healthy.  They do have entrees with meat as well.  I enjoy the salmon. They have something for every palette.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,3/20/2014,5,11,1,4,3>Nice Place small dining room. I couldn't tell if there was an upstairs so reservations are highly recommended. Even without reservations we were able to sit outside immediately but we were there at 5:30PM.Very helpful staff and delicious food. It's more expensive than Olive Garden and the food is definitely higher scale and well worth it.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,3/19/2014,7,8,1,4,3>This is the best Thai food in Omaha! I love the atmosphere. It's cozy and inviting. The service is friendly and you can see right into the kitchen. The cook is always smiling back at me. I work down town and have lunch here often. I have been going here to eat for ten years plus and will tell anyone who asks that it is delicious and they should try it.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,3/18/2014,43,47,1,7,4>There aren't enough stars for The Berry & Rye. After visiting a well-known craft cocktail bar in Kansas City (Manifesto), my husband and I were bummed that nothing like this existed in Omaha. But wait! It did. We've been frequently B&R since their opening in Spring 2013 and have genuinely loved every moment we've spent and every drink we've ordered there. Make a reservation and sit at the bar if you can - a much better experience, as the bartenders have more knowledge and personality than their servers (at least so far).
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,3/17/2014,0,6,2,5,3>For those of you who seek a little weird coupled with cheap drinks and conversations comparing John Oliver and Jon Stewart then look no further than Sullivan's Bar on 40th and Farnam. Cozily straddled by construction and high end housing (currently under construction) Sullivan's offers a rare glimpse into what dive bars should be. Aesthetically, Sullivan's too is remodeling and moving across the street to the vacated "Cheaters" lot but those who remember the pre-moving, I say pre-moving because the bar employees are currently moving bits and pieces of the old bar across the street and into storage, where they plan on basically re-creating the old bar. However, those who remember the "old" bar will recall entering through the alley on a hot sunny day and not being able to see anything because the bar was so dark; Thursday night karaoke; the occasional cross-dresser; the bathroom doors that never fully shut; and people huddled around the Golden Tee video game. Fortunately the weirdo's, including me, who choose to patron the bar are what make it so awesome. Everyone from Medical Students to degenerates, pimps, drug addicts, mechanics, and engineers gather there and share PBR and Fireball shots. Patrick the bar tender notably is the best bartender in the city. Half Punk, Half indie, full on badass Patrick remembers your name and drink and always has something intelligent or funny to say. I imagine once the high-end condos and bistros occupy the intersection, paranoid house moms and stuffy nerds will purposely avoid the new bar on their way to organic food land and white wine-topia. They will stop and point the various bar patrons enjoying a smoke out to their children "that's what happens when you don't stay in school" or some other bullshit. Fact of the matter is people are getting soft with their choice of bars and more people need the type that Sullivan's represents: a small tight knit group of skallywags bonding over cold beverage free of the likes of pop-music and pastel pants.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,3/16/2014,6,26,,7,5>MOTHER INDIA I LOVE YOU!I am probably the biggest Indian food fan in the world and this is by VERY far the best spot in Omaha.. Never been to India, but I've been to loads of authentic Indian-owned and -operated places in the UK, and this is still the best I've ever had, save for MAYBE one little street cart in Camden town... But I'd be more inclined to call it a tie. Anyway, I usually get vegetable curry or something with paneer in it, and either garlic or cheese naan. Both naans are great, but the cheese one is especially delicious. I don't know exactly how authentic it is (probably not very) but it's delicious. Super fluffy and stuffed with an ample amount of cheese. The garlic naan is thin and crispier, but sometimes too thin. I prefer the Taj's garlic naan, but it's still great here. I can't vouch for anything with meat in it, but everything vegetarian here is basically to die for. The service is generally not great and the atmosphere is not nice at all, but I still give it five stars because the food is THAT good.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,3/15/2014,0,6,,2,1>This place reminds me of something I could find in Venice that would then spawn a delightfully sought after food truck. I'm not sure what the food truck scene is here, but this place should seriously consider getting one.Incredible falafel - so tasty - fresh and green inside (an Israeli friend told me it should always be green inside). Everything is crave worthy;  the lamb, tabouli, red slaw and sauces ... just get all of them and maybe extra for the curry fries. Definitely do the curry fries. We have eaten in and gotten take out - either way it is good, although with take out you may want to ask for the sauces on the side and add when you get where you're going due to potentially soggy pita/bun bread.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,6/22/2014,11,70,,2,1>We went a Saturday afternoon during their happy hour when they have 1/2 priced apps and a few drink specials. We ordered a bunch of apps and shared them which is what I would recommend to do. This way we got to try a bunch of different things. They have pretty good margarita's and the bellin'is aren't bad either! The service was pretty decent and the waitstaff was really helpful. They really knew their stuff and were able to make some great recommendations on what to try.  I'll be back for more and this time plan to sit on the patio:)
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2014,6/21/2014,39,76,,9,1>The concept is interesting but the service isn't great.After visiting here a couple times, I still feel mixed about this place.  I have gotten good coffee but service was meh.  One time it took a while to order (or even find an employee) even though there where no other customer's in line.  There was no coffee available on a Saturday morning, nor did the employee know how the work the coffee maker.  Another time, the employee didn't know the espresso menu, nor what was on the happy hour menu.  I enjoyed the affogato (vanilla gelato with espresso poured over) but the vanilla gelato was replaced with chocolate without being asked if I preferred another drink.  The flat white had lots of foam, which makes it more of a cappuccino then a true flat white.  I believe that if you are a coffeehouse, you really are only as good as the beans you use and the baristas you hire.  The beans are good, but I think they need to get some actual baristas here, not just some employees that pour coffee.The desserts looked wonderful in the case, but the cherry scone I tried out was dry with only three cherries in it.  The charm of the interior is nice, and there are lots of small conversation areas, but for me that doesn't overcome the lack of coffee knowledge for a place that calls itself a coffeehouse.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,6/20/2014,45,179,7,6,6>Another positive review of Block 16 (bear with me). Seems to be a place that all Omaha foodies have tried except me, lol. So I finally made it down here last week Friday. My thoughts?If I wasn't a broke a$$ student I'd be down here a few times a week, no joke. I'd gain a million pounds. The food is that good. I got the block burger and dirty fries. The burger was super juicy and flavorful. Fries were crispy and yummy, hadn't had funyuns in a while so that was a nice touch. Overall, I like B16 a lot, a lot, a lot. And that is saying a lot. Okay time to shut up now.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/10/2014,6/19/2014,72,103,2,5,3>It has been years since I have eaten here. We used to meet here once a week for quite some time. I was driving by the other day and remembered that I always liked their spaghetti and decided to see if it was the same. I went in and ordered at the counter (you have that option or you can sit down and someone will wait on you) I ordered the spaghetti with a meatball and was a bit set back by the price. I don't remember it being that high-but then again it was always lunch. I could eat at one of my favorite high quality Italian eateries for what I paid here. Oh well. I sat down with my self serve drink and awaited my food. Nothing has changed here. Same murals, pictures and decor. It's not run down or anything though. My meal came up a touch longer that I would have liked but I quickly got over that when I saw the wedge of hot bread that I had forgotten that you get with your pasta here. So good. The spaghetti was just how I remembered it (and it was a large portion but I still felt the price was high) flavorful, simple and the noodles were cooked perfectly and this place always had the noodles just a touch watery and I always liked that for some reason. The meatball was large moist and flavorful. I was checked on by various employees five times during my meal which was a bit excessive-but it's better than the alternative. Good food experience with the pasta-still not of fan of their pizza but will probably be back for more of the spaghetti much sooner this time...I will probably do it at lunch though.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,6/18/2014,25,93,,7,3>We've been talking about going here since it opened, and I finally went there last week. A friend and I were headed to grab a bite and neither of us had tried Salt yet, but being fans of Hiro, we decided to give it a shot.We didn't know it was happy hour, so we were pleasantly surprised when our server told us. They had some really good drink and food specials for their happy hour. I was surprised to see that the happy hour menu was actually pretty big, not just a handful of items.I ended up getting some goat cheese rangoons and a burger (which I think was only $6). The rangoons were really great. They serve them with a side of a marinara type sauce, which is weird and not really fitting, but they were great without the sauce. The burger was pretty good, too... not the best around, but still really good. It came on a pretzel bun and I took the fried egg on top, also.I'll definitely be back for their happy hour. They had a lot of of other great stuff on the normal menu, too, but the value of the happy hour was excellent.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,6/17/2014,16,15,1,9,4>There's much debate about what's the best Mexican food in Omaha.  I submit that Taqueria El Rey belongs in the discussion from now on.  I like cheesy Mexican food as much as any San Antonio native should, but when I want the real stuff this is where I turn.Carne asada, carnitas, lengua ( beef tongue), cachete ( beef cheek) or al pastor in a proper soft corn tortilla.  No cheese,  no sour cream but incredible  flavor from the meat marinated in Mexican spices as well as the onion, cilantro, and fresh jalapeño concoction that adorns these tacos.  I think they may actually have a cheesy enchilada dish but you can get that anywhere.  On second thought a surprising number of Mexican restaurants here have enchiladas in flour tortillas so this might be more authentic.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,6/16/2014,27,79,6,10,6>I had the privilege to meet Gladys at one of the newfangled Elite events, last week. I was able to sample a few bites from this place, that I sadly have known about for some years and (criminally) haven't made it to. After meeting Gladys and rocking out the nibbles, I swore that D'Brickashaw, the Food-loving T-Rex,  and I would right this wayward ship! I wasn't even seating by the time I realized my tardiness to this place was a life mistake...I need this place in my world.  I waltz up to the school cafeteria, that this place once was, and really didn't know what to expect.  Sure, I've seen pictures, but I've seen pictures of the Loch Ness Monster and would still freak the H out if I saw it for really real. So in I went. I beat the dinner rush. The entire place was all to myself and my imaginary dinosaur. Of course that wouldn't last long. I stood for a few seconds, because...I become a lost puppy in new places. I looked towards an office and there was Gladys and in a flash she was up and welcoming me "home". No really, that was the feeling I got from a warm welcome. She and her Minions brought me to a table and we chatted it up for a bit before I got knee deep in the menu.  I was served some raspberry sweet tea, that I intend to bathe in from now on, as I went over a page of "I'll take it all, please."but that ended up not being the case. The server sweetheart told me the special...another weak spot for me. Chicken fried steak...oh sweet lawd...done. Ordered. I was then invited to take in the surrounding room and take in the nostalgia as I waited. It's actually quite incredible.  The decor serves a dual purpose of not only displaying the history of Big Mama and her restaurant,  but also a history of their culture and soul that she pours into her food. Love it. Pour some in a jar, I'll take it home. In quick time, as people were showing up, my feast arrived.  This monster of a plate of so much happiness was bigger than my feeble brain could imagine. Photo op!!! Done. Food! Face! Now! A delectable piece, with a fine breading, drippin with white gravy. Oh Glob...it almost got inappropriate. Coupled with fresh mashed tater, and a melt in your mouth cornbread( I added butter and honey to mine (good tip, Gladys)) and I felt ashamed I waited this long to get here.   So I clobbered that plate...like a total babe. And eyed the desserts. I tried the fabled sweet potato pie at the event and I wanted more but I was, thankfully,  clued in on PIE ICE CREAM!!! It's their pies...in ice cream. "Witchcraft!" I declared. "Which would you recommend??"   Like Food Saint, bathed in light, Gladys said she'd treat me to a sample of them all and let me pick. C'mon!!! Stahp!! You already got the 5 stars...but yea sure. Gimme!!!! All were winners...so much win. But the Grand Poobah for me was the Green tomato and raisin ice cream. That is alchemy at it's best. It tastes like fresh apple pie and it baffles me. How?? Wait a sec...I don't care!! It doesn't need explained, just inhaled!!! I did! I breathed it into my head! Truth!!!  So yea...damn me for waiting so long to come "home". But I know I'll be back. And back again...er. Mmmyep. That's a word. I made it. I recommend all the everyone, near and far, try this place. It has soul, love and heritage...All the most beautiful things to make the best feel good food. Put this in your facehole! Eat up, Minions!!!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,6/15/2014,41,51,3,7,4>So here's the deal: This is a classic Greek restaurant similar to many of the Greek places I have eaten at in Chicago.They have all of the classics like lamb shanks, saganaki, galaktoboureko, dolmas, etc. and they do them up to par. However, you can tell that they make all of these in advance and they are warmed to order. This leads to some inconsistent temps and food quality.Saganaki was delicious-how could flaming cheese be bad?I ordered the Pikilia platter with moussaka. The chicken that came with it was cooked to hell and you couldn't even eat the leg because it was SO dry. The potatoes were scrumptious and swimming in olive oil. The dolma was good but rather dry and not as hot as I'd like. Pork souvlaki? Relatively dry as well but good flavor. The moussaka was the star of the show. Lots of the time it is a dry tasteless bottom with a creamy top. Not the case here. The eggplant and tomato flavors come through and are complemented beautifully by a creamy, golden brown topping.I also tried my brother's lamb shank which is what I should have ordered to begin with. It was a massive portion and had just the right balance of lean and fatty meat and was not at all gamey.Portions are big enough to have a full meal the next day.All in all, a solid choice and fairly priced. Just don't go expecting gourmet and you're good to go.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/14/2014,18,4,1,3,1>My daughter just graduated from Hearth's preschool program! They were so great and did an amazing job preparing her for kindergarten. They have an optional lunch program and Hannah loved being a part of this. She felt like such a big girl getting to eat lunch with her teachers. They have a well organized graduation at the end of the year. Was adorable to see all the preschoolers in their cap and gowns perform a few songs and then walk to the front to get their diplomas. Highly recommend this program! We utilized the karate after school program next door to the school as well since the preschool lets out a little earlier than we were able to pick up. Karate program was intense but hannah grew to love it after a few weeks of learning the moves.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,6/13/2014,16,75,,4,3>The beer is great here and it's super cheap during happy hour. My cider was $4! My veggie burger was made fresh there which I give them props for instead of using a frozen patty,  but it wasn't that great. The cheesy hash browns on the other hand were sooo yummy! Definitely pay the extra 99 cents to upgrade your side to those! Also, the  staff are super friendly. Definitely a must visit place for happy hour after work.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,8/31/2014,24,214,1,4,4>Thankfully, I have never had a negative experience at either of the Zemog's locations. Ever since my first "Z Taco" I've been a huge fan of their food. I usually go to the 108th & Q location, so that is what my review will reflect on. The inside is fairly small, on say, a Friday night it would be pretty packed. The booths are pretty worn, but not uncomfortable. Tables are kind of neat but some are a little wobbly. Nice decor and atmosphere inside in my opinion, although you don't feel too much like you're in a Mexican restaurant. The food is fantastic. Not necessarily "authentic Mexican" but for what it is, it is amazing. This is the only restuarant in Omaha where I have actually enjoyed the beans and rice. Usually those sides are so bland no one can finish them. The "Z Tacos" are my favorite though. The big, puffy, fried flour shells fried with the fillings inside them. The al pastor here is by far my favorite in Omaha. It even trumps Taqueria Tijuana's and El Dorado's. It's slightly different here though, there's is actual chunks of pineapple in with the meat. That's what makes it so amazing to me. The Zancho is another masterpiece. It's a massive burrito covered in queso blanco. I've never had negative service at either Zemog's either. Always friendly and chat with you about stfuf (if they have time). They make sure you have chips & salsa and that your food is everythign you expected. I came to the location once where my family and I were the only three people in there. Still had great service and the food was good as always. I highly recommend Zemog's if you're in the area.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2014,8/30/2014,27,79,5,4,3>Eek...I'm giving this place 3 stars on the service alone. They really know how to take care of ya. Woo. Rad. Good. I mean, that is a strong arrow to have in your quiver and if this place serve up what I had, on par with the service, I'd be a happy kid...but it was lackluster. Let's start from the beginning, shall we?  It was the second coming of The Wingolocalypse!!!! And this was target number 2. Great wings were had at the last place and the bar was set high...maybe too high. It was decided that this was next up and I wanted to get in on this char buffed double dipped alchemy. It was gooder than great on paper so let's wiggle!   The place is out there, like way out there. Ok. Fine. The interior is open and quite large and comfortable. Ok. Fine. The waitress wad alert and attentive and kept the coffee coming. Great! Fine! I'm excited!  So far good things and great service. I already had wings picked out. Double dipped, Char buffed, in their Kujo sauce. Bring it. I also opted to have some fried pickles. Why not?  Now I'm ok with pickle chips but I'm more of a spears fan when it comes to fried pickles. This were chips...and they were...off. It was either the breading or the pickle but they seems chewy. Not crisp or crunchy due to pickle or breading. They were good temperature,  but chewy. It was odd and off putting. The spicy ranch was nice but it couldn't hide the chewiness of the mountain of pickle chips with the glow of grease on them. Sadness. Hopes for the wings began. And a bit dashed those hopes were.    The wings showed up and, at first glance, they were a lil bit smaller than the last place. That's tolerable. They had a good smell and the texture look appealing. I was bitter that the bleu cheese was standard, small curd stuff. Very packaged stuff plopped into a plastic cup. That's my own tastes though. Now comes the money shot. The wings. And...and...and!!!! They taste was good. Not raging heat but a good zing but nothing I would fear. But beyond that taste the wings were dry! The interior of the wing, the meat was dry! And it wasn't just me. My dining partner said his wings were dry too. They had little moisture in the meat.   We couldn't figure out if it was the nature of char buffin but it just wasn't right!  You can't have dry hotwings!! Especially since the last place we tried showed that char buff can happen and give you moist, meaty wing. So boo on that. Now it could have been just bad timing on our part and caught this place off it's game but we both had dry suckwings. It's hard to say but on this visit it was a miss for me. Not a fan.  So there it is, saved by service but burned by this places bragging point. Ouch. Bummer. I didn't even bring home extras for D'Brickashaw,  the Food-loving T-Rex...He deserves better. Put that in your facehole! Eat up Minions!!!!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,8/29/2014,16,15,3,14,12>Do you like the execution of Boiler Room but have a taste for French comfort foods in a slightly more casual setting? Then eat here.  They also have craft cocktails.   Like most places in Old Market this place is re-purposed with coated brick walls and exposed beams in the ceiling.  The dining room  is spacious and the tables have a generous separation between them.  There are large abstract water color paintings that line the walls of the restaurant and a funky paper mache tree in the entrance.  It's like fine dining in an art gallery.  The rib eye in anchovy butter is my go to but I haven't had a bad meal here.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2014,8/28/2014,189,417,4,6,5>Soooo in reading my review from 2011, apparently I suggested takeout as a better option than sit-in. HAH. Joke is on me! This past visit, I found a nearly empty restaurant and 5 of us standing there waiting to pick up our food. My food was ready and was. sitting. right. there. I saw my phone number on the tag!There was one person in front of me, and 3-4 customers came in the door shortly after me. Bless their little mother india hearts, everyone was working so hard but again, service for even picking up food became quite the slow ordeal!! First off- it seems that no one there other than the cooks have set jobs to do within the restaurants. They are taking phone orders, food pick up, busing tables, serving food, and overall cleaning and normal maintenance things. Thats fine...as long as you can keep it organized! When I walked in the door I was acknowledged by the man who was helping the gentleman before me, but then before helping me he ran off to serve some food to a dine-in table and I was promptly forgotten. Next I was spotted by a woman who smiled and told me be back in a minute-well let's just say I didn't see her again. The next person who addressed us helped the guy who had come in AFTER me, which hey- I'm not in a rush or anything- but I guess chivalry IS dead since he totally took advantage of that situation and I was in no mood to be argumentative. Finally I was helped after standing there longer than 15 mins. They had trouble running my card...lady seemed confused on how to use the machine and I had to wait longer as someone could become available to help her....Overall the situation was more amusing than angering, but sheesh I mean come on you guys can do better than that. Assign some jobs to specific people! As this is a family restaurant I doubt that will ever happen, but I think as a patron you should know what to expect. If the food is that good that slow / confused service doesnt deter you, this is a great place to eat some good india food. I do wish they had bhindi masla on the menu though.I think I'll be spacing out my visits...
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,8/27/2014,5,24,3,3,4>First off the bat the place is free and you just can't beat that. The staff is very helpful as well. I really liked the large modern art exhibit that they had but it seems like a lot of those peices are no longer on display. I didn't particularly like the Posidon exhibit. One can only look at so many ancient greek jugs before that begines to wear on you but it did feature some cool statues and mosaics as well. The building itself is a lovely example of the art deco style which seems to have been very popular in omaha. There are exhibits to suit just about anyones taste. My favorites are the native american ans modern exhibits but all of them are great. definately worth a trip!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,8/26/2014,72,103,1,6,2>Was surprised to realize that one of my favorite mid-town mainstays had a West Omaha counterpart (and I guess one in Carter Lake also). We ran across this spot and were looking for dinner and my friend had never had Sgt. Peffer's before so we decided to stop. Went in and were greeted by multiple high-school aged students and I ordered my usual the tortellini with white sauce. The kids behind the counter really seemed to enjoy their jobs and they did their job well. Had the delicious minestrone soup with Sgt. Peffer's amazing bread (that combo is almost worth coming in for by itself). Our orders were up promptly and served hot in their raft like serving dish. It's one of my favorite dishes in town and there was no difference between this location and my usual mid-town stopping spot when it came to the tortellini. The dining room here is also much more roomy (and they have a party room). Just another positive Sgt. Peffer experience that I have been having for a decade-just in a new spot.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,8/25/2014,30,126,1,6,3>I was here for the "Charmin" Opening on Saturday, May 3rd. This will be a nice place when they get everything set up. They had typical first run problems with their computer registers, but they had 10 of their beers on tap. I believe I heard they will eventually have 24 here. I don't really know what to expect from a Tap Room at a Brewery since I have only been to a few like this. No food is served but they do have a decent sized room with a couple TVs and a conference room next door with what will be a large screen viewing room. You can see the brewing process through a window and I believe they will have tours. Kind of out of the way being in an Industrial Park across the street from Rotellas, but I can't wait to see what this turns into with Lucky Bucket just down the road.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2014,8/24/2014,29,200,4,7,5>Whiskey dispensary - 'nough said. Checked this brand new bar out on a Friday night and was truly relieved to see things done right here. First off, the bar itself is beautiful. And not just because it's 4 or 5 shelves high of nothing but whiskey. Although that does help immensely. Outdoor seating is a huge plus, although we decided to set up shop inside - mostly so we'd be as close as possible to the dispensary. I loaded a Grane card with $30 and perused the whiskey selections to decide which ones I'd try. Being able to choose between a half ounce, ounce and ounce and a half makes for a great way to sample more whiskey without running up a huge bill. Glenmorangie Nectd'or was very good but the Pappy van Winkle was my favorite. And at $20 a half ounce it better be!There isn't much left in the bottle so get there fast for a taste!Also tried a Mamie Rodgers cocktail - blended Scotch whiskey, ginger beer and lime - and was happy with my choice. A nice cold drink for a warm summer evening. Waitstaff was very friendly and attentive - kudos to the managers, too. We jumped on Twitter to follow Grane and saw a tweet that said $9 Old Fashioneds were $6 all day that day. Double-checked with the manager and he said absolutely, just tell your waiter. That helped them get 2 followers - gotta love social media specials. Wasn't thrilled that the Old Fashioneds were on tap - I understand the popularity is high but for $9 I'd want to see my bartender make it by hand, personally. I'd definitely give the nod in craft cocktails expertise and preparation to The Berry and Rye, but Grane is definitely a close second. Also, the menu shows prices for all drinks but they add tax. My cocktail was $11 but with taxes it was $12.01. I thought the added tax to be very strange - would much rather they priced it so the tax was included and I didn't have to feel strange about not having a penny on me when I paid cash for my drink. Who wants 99¢ in change?
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,8/23/2014,53,176,,4,4>I went to the Waiting Room for the first time last night and saw a Nirvana tribute band (Nevermind) and a Led Zeppelin tribute band (Achilles Last Band). It was Nevermind's first show and they were awesome! The Waiting Room staff was friendly and tickets were easy to purchase. Decor was really modern and the sound system sounded really good. Fruli (strawberry beer) is in tap! I wish they offered food. That would make me and others want to stay longer. It's difficult to drink and enjoy a show for 3-4 hours with no food. I already have plans to come back to the Waiting Room for Nevermind and a Pearl Jam tribute band!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,8/22/2014,0,9,1,3,1>I went to Curri after passing it several times. My curiosity finally got the best of me so I stopped in. I ordered to go and took a seat at the bar. First and foremost I will say the staff was attentive, considerate, and very knowledgable. I ordered the Malai Kofta paired with the garlic naan bread. I didn't have to play on my phone once the owner and I had a wonderful conversation. The food was ready in about 12-15 mins. It was hard to make it home without stopping to eat because it smelled so good. I went home and ate half of it and all of the bread. The seasoning and the dumplings were savory and amazing!  The owner recommended the lunch buffet and I will take him up on it! Would advise anyone who likes Indian food to check it out!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,5/23/2014,5,24,,5,2>Decor is a little tacky and the place was clearly a Pizza Hut until a few years ago. Now that I've got my gripes out of the way, everything else is great. The servers are very polite and attentive and the food is very good. I tried their red and yellow curries and both were very good. I get the feeling it would be a bit hot for most people around here but you get to choose how hot the food is. I usually get 4/5 on the scale and that is just right for me.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,5/22/2014,35,8,2,3,2>Kanwa Nails is my new go-to place!  They are conveniently located very near my office and they are great about getting me in and out when they know I'm on my lunch break!  I got lucky my very first visit and had Loc for my shellac manicure .. She's fantastic, sweet, and very precise in her work.  I have requested her every time since and she is just lovely each and every time.  We have done shellac manis, special designs I've requested, and pedis and she is always great.  Kanwa has a nice, relaxing vibe, a good setup for comfortable service, and lots of options for any nail need.  You can go cheap and basic (but still great quality!), or pamper yourself with scrubs, lotions, a paraffin dip, and hot stone massage.  They take appointments and sometimes do get busy, but walk-ins are always accommodated as well.  If you are in NW O, you really should try Kanwa and ask for Loc!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,5/21/2014,5,38,,4,3>Nosh is a great upscale wine bar in the old market area. I'd been there a few times for a drink after dinner and to check out the cheese board. The board was good and the wine was even better. We went here on Easter morning for brunch and I was pleasantly surprised at how good their food was! The bacon braised omelet was very good. Only a 4/5 because the waiters are a little pretentious.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/7/2014,5/20/2014,8,80,,3,2>The highlight of this restaurant is the drink and wine menu. They have a vast assortment, and I was happy with the sparkling rose I ordered to drink. My friend was also happy with her drink from the specialty menu.I ordered the Thai salad as my main dish, and I thought it was overpriced. There was not much chicken on the salad. It was not served with a hard roll like the menu states.My friend ordered the Thai lahvosh and was happy with her choice. The lesson I have learned is to stick with the lahvosh, which is what they are known for.The service was good except they did not refill my water in a timely fashion.Bottom line: good atmosphere, average food.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,5/19/2014,24,84,,5,2>Our daughters have been going to Hamilton HEIGHTS for almost 2 years. They have spent time in the infant room, the Toddler room and the preschool room. All of our experiences have been outstanding. One of the strong suits of this facility is that they seem to have very little turnover. Our experience with past facilities was that turnover was very high and it was disruptive for our daughter. Many of their teachers have long tenure. Everyone our children has interacted with has been wonderful. They are nurturing, caring and seem to have a true love for the profession that they are in. It is such a relief to drop your child off at a place where you know they are getting good care.Additionally, the assistant director Angie, is great. She is accessible, kind and very knowledgeable about your child's needs.I strongly recommend this facility for anyone who might be looking for good childcare.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/7/2014,5/18/2014,7,30,,3,2>Unlike most people I did have a long wait to get through security (more than I had in Detroit, Atlanta, or Orlando) I don't know if that was a one time thing or not? They were friendly and it was really early in the AM/late in the Pm when I was here so I didn't do much in terms of eating. Also, the day I was there (June 2013) their baggage claim area was broken.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,5/17/2014,11,17,,4,2>Dinner last night here was a delight.  We had papadum and I had a dosa and my dinner guest has mushroom soup.  All was delicious and fresh.  Nothing left on our plates!!! (not unusual for my guest, but for me - whoa, seriously)Prices are very reasonable too.The place is super clean,  bathrooms too (admit it, the ladies room in most restaurants isn't so clean, we ladies are messy) I'm planning my next visit and looking forward to the lunch buffet.  I need to sample a variety of their other dishes before I come back and give them a 5 star score.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,5/16/2014,1,8,,6,3>I tried a cup of siphon brewed coffee and a cup of chemex brewed coffee, both made with Ethiopian beans. First off, I want to say that I was extremely impressed to find these options even available. In this town I've been to coffee shops before that barely knew what a french press was. And then you get the places that have a million and one of their own drinks someone or other has invented, which are apparently all that and a bag of chips but in reality are generally sugar, milk, and maybe an ounce of espresso if you're lucky. Anyhow, I was happy to find a place where you can get coffee flavored coffee. That said, there could be more bean options. I was offered Ethiopian, or there were a couple of flavored bean options, and I believe something called a nightingale blend. Not a fan of blends or of flavored coffee, so I went with Ethiopian. The chemex was the best of the two options in my opinion, as it had a lot of bright flavors. The siphon was okay, but out of the two I'd take the chemex any day. All in all, I will be back and I liked the coffee, although with so many wonderful brew methods, it'd be cool to have more bean options.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,5/15/2014,20,14,,5,3>I've been a customer and fan of 13th Street Coffee for six or seven years now.  Consistently wonderful coffee and sandwiches combined with a great staff of barristas makes this my longest favorite coffee shop in Omaha.Other places will come and go, but I know that I'll always come back to 13th Street for my cup of coffee.My "go to" drink there is the Italliano.  It'll wake you up, for sure.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,5/14/2014,8,23,,4,2>Our servers were great. Thanks Tracy and ???  My ham n cheese on a pretzel bun was very cheesey but the pretzel bus was soft n good. Starting off with bruchetta excellent choice. The bread slices weren't too crispy and the combination of tomato, garlic and onion were well balanced.  I always enjoy fresh fruit salad. Made new every day. The cucumber salad was a bit peppery but the veggies were crisp. Nice calm atmosphere
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,1/31/2014,13,29,,7,1>I was slow to enjoy this place. Honestly by slow - I mean after about the third time I was a fan. Now I visit at least once a week. I am disappointed they quit serving chicken wings, but their pizza slices are wonderful. Cooked to a perfect crispiness, flavorful and huge. I have yet to try one of their specialty slices - I tend to stick with what I like. I always get the honey wheat with red sauce and I pick out 5 toppings. The service is mixed - there are times that I feel like it is an absolute inconvenience for them that I am there, but for the most part, they are very friendly. My only complaint has really been addressed - they have this huge menu that you have to look up at - and stand about 2 feet from the counter to see it and look at the menu - now you fill out a paper menu and turn it in - kudos for that change - heck for that change alone, I am going to bump it up a star. Another perk - they have punch cards - for every 9 or 10 slices you purchase, you get one free.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,1/30/2014,8,16,,5,3>This place came highly recommended and is now one of my favorite Omaha restaurants. I've tried several menu items and everything has been fantastic except for the pizza. The pizza was soggy in the middle, had burnt ashy crust, and lacked toppings. We ordered the one with a fried egg on top. Only one piece had an egg on it - paper, scissors, rock to pick who gets to eat  that slice?The fried chicken liver appetizer is amazing - crispy, rich, and served on a nice tangy sauce to set off the flavor. The oxtail gnocchi (seasonal) is incredible. It wasn't on the menu the second time I ate there but asked for it and the chef still made it for me. The meat was incredibly tender, the sauce was bold, and there were some really delicious exotic mushrooms included. We tried another liver dish with a thick ribbon pasta. Can't remember the name but it was awesome.YOU MUST TRY THE BUTTERSCOTCH PUDDING! Sweet, salty, creamy, crunchy....everything you need in a dessert. Atmosphere was okay - a little noisy and stark feeling. Kind of wish it felt a little cozier (booths, maybe?)
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/29/2014,17,17,,6,4>Big update!  My wife, daughter and I came back tonight hopeful that some of the issues from my last review had been addressed.  Boy was I blown away!  The ventilation issues were addresses by putting up a stainless steel shield to redirect the fumes into the hood system. Great job!  The food.  Wow. They had a special burger with cheese  inside, bacon, grilled onions and bourbon BBQ sauce. It was cooked perfectly and so yummy. Messy and juicy and perfect. I had the Gouda Mac and cheese bites as my side. Dear lord they were so good. My wife had the breakfast burger. The egg was cooked right and the burger and chorizo paired perfectly. Not too spicy. Our daughter had a cheese burger and fries. She loved it. They put ketchup and mustard on the tables!!  Big win!  And no annoying music. Thank you so much. It was a great experience. Everyone was friendly and attentive. If I could give six stars I would. Keep up the good work. We will be back!!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,1/28/2014,179,204,,7,3>They have some of best hot wings in Omaha! We tried the Dudley pizza and were not disappointed; it tasted even better than it looked.  What a delicious blend of ingredients, especially the creamy garlic sauce drizzled on top.  The braided crust and unique sauces illustrates the extras that make this gourmet pizza a serious step above other places.  Yum!!! Even the menu was cute, clever and fun to read. I have to also say our waitress was wonderful, prompt, attentive and friendly.  They know what they are doing all around, no need to go anywhere else for pizza after eating here.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,1/27/2014,45,179,,7,2>Probably THE BEST thai food in Omaha and I've tried a bunch of places: Mai Thai (both locations), Thai Spice, etc. And for the price and taste Salween can't be beat. Be warned though they are a little on the spicy side so be conservative when choosing a spice level. I have tried the sausage balls (which taste a little like chinese black bean steamed short ribs) if anyone is familiar with that, pad thai, and their thai tea. All very delicious. I especially enjoyed the thai tea.. as authentic as the thai tea that I get back in my hometown for less price. It was even more potent than the thai tea I'm used to, which I was pleasantly surprised by. This will definitely be my go to takeout thai place.p.s. BYOB!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,1/26/2014,25,93,,3,1>For Omaha, this is pretty good BBQ. If this were in Kansas City, it wouldn't receive 4 stars, though.I got the chopped chicken sandwich, which I enjoyed, but it didn't have much BBQ flavor to it. The meat comes dry and you add the sauce of your choice, so I expected a bit more smoked/bbq flavor to the meat, but it tasted like normal chicken.I also got a side of the potato salad, which I thought was pretty good.The sauce was pretty good, but nothing amazing, as well.All in all, it was good for the area. Considering it seems hard to find good BBQ in Omaha, I'll definitely be back.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,1/25/2014,12,39,1,2,2>It's been a year since I've left a tip or review for Hiro- so here we have it:I've been here for pretty much any/every occasion you can think of in the last year. I had a company party here (Whaddup sake?!), dates, best friend dates, casual lunches..and I even booked my best friend's pre-wedding party dinner here in their private room. The only thing better than having great service (Kyle is amazing by the way& a nod to Phil as well) is when a restaurant has a good selection of vegetarian options AND those options are also really, really yummy. At the moment, my favorite dish is the seasonal veggies and tofu. I love the carrot ginger dressing if you're going for a salad, and my two year old loves the avocado cucumber roll. Hiro is my JAM.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,1/24/2014,4,51,,3,1>Decent Thai food. I enjoyed it- we got the chicken lettuce wraps, pad thai, and a shrimp dish. We also got the fruit drinks (mango and orange, respectively).The portion size was a tad small for the price but the taste was very good. The chicken lettuce wraps were good, although I would have liked more variety inside the wraps. The only thing offered was chicken (other places will offer other garnishes such as noodles, vegetables, and different sauces). The lettuce wraps here were accompanied by standard sweet chili sauce, which I enjoyed.The pad Thai was nice. I wish there had been a tad more chicken and also a bit more of the other stuff (bean sprouts, egg were not really noticeable). Still, the noodles and seasoning were great. I also liked the shrimp dish but the portion sizing was a tad small. Also of note, the orange and mango drinks were VERY good. I highly recommend checking those out. All in all, I enjoyed my trip to Tas's Thai Pepper and the only downside was that the portion sizings were a bit small.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,1/23/2014,5,29,1,4,3>The owner works hard, appreciates your input, changes the menu based upon customer suggestion (nice to know he's open-minded - i.e. Kearney Gyros), is friendly, and most importantly produces GOOD FOOD.  I can go weeks not coming here (which isn't my preference), and every time my wife and I come back - I'm recognized.  I got a haircut and the owner said, "You're not wearing a hat for the first time!"  That's great.  I appreciate that.  So, food quality - quality of service - quality of establishment...This place is a winner.  And the baklava...Man, the baklava.Bravo.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,1/22/2014,39,76,,9,3>After another couple trips here, I still believe this is one of the best bakeries in Omaha.The baguette's are top notch, perfect crispy exterior and a airy interior and best eaten the day it is bought.  My other favorite bread is the pain de mie.  Picture the fluffiest, most flavorful white bread that is perfect for toast or sandwiches.  The worst thing about it is the loaf is on the smaller side.  The croissant's are great, flaky perfection and with the pain au chocolat and cinnamon roulade being the best of the bunch.  One weekend we did try the big sweet kouglof for a group of friends, the sour cream and rum raisins on the brioche were good but not great.The macarons should be coming out soon and so should the lunch time sandwich offerings.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,10/31/2013,46,281,2,7,3>I've eaten here probably about 5-6 times.  It is amazing.  I have had a burger which was great but am now stuck on the gyro.  It is so good that I can't get myself to get anything else.  My husband has had the seitan gyro and he reports it is the best seitan ever.  Both the Poutine and the Gangsta fries are so good.  The chipotle mayo is absolutely addictive.   I just want to lick the plate when i am done. My kid loves the chicken fingers.   The only thing I did not like was the Gyro salad.  I asked about the dressing, assuming it only had Tzatziki sauce which I thought I was asking about.  The salad came with a ranch style dressing.  I asked the guy about it.  He just said, Oh it's really good, you will like it.   I didn't.   Don't get me wrong, I like ranch dressing but there was something about this.   And why ruin a perfectly wonderful gyro salad with something like that?  I just didn't get it.   I won't get it again.It's usually crowded and parking can be a challenge but it is worth it.   Love this place!!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,10/30/2013,1,7,,4,6>Tiny place, hidden away in the old Southroads mall.I never would have known it was there if I hadn't worked at the gym down the hall!Fast, casual, affordable.. And John is the kindest, most caring owner! Just give it a try... help keep the place on the map!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,10/29/2013,19,5,,2,2>So much fun to bring the dogs into the shop. I loved to sit at the bar and sip my delicious Americano. The owner behind the bar was very nice aswell.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,10/28/2013,25,93,1,6,1>I could be a little biased because I am writing this with a stomach full of pizza, but my wife and I were very happy.We drive by this place every day and neither of us knew it was here. It's tucked a little ways back from the road, so it's hard to find. We received a postcard for a free large pizza from  here. If I had seen it I probably would have just thrown it away as junk mail, but luckily my wife happened to get the mail that day.We ordered a carryout, bacon and mushroom on Alfredo sauce pizza. When we went in, it was pretty empty. There was 1 family at a table in the corner. The owner was at the counter and we spoke to her briefly while we waited for our food to come up. We had decided we were going to eat here again whether we really like the food or not, just based on how friendly and nice the owner was.When we got home, we were very pleased to find out it's some of the best pizza we've had. Previously, my favorite in town was Zio's, but Villagio is going to be our new go-to pizza place.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/24/2013,10/27/2013,27,14,,5,4>First of all, this place is great inside. The design and ambiance is great. Location is fantastic. Only downside is that Benson's parking sucks. But that's a Benson problem, not the brewery's.The service was great...our waitress was so nice, attentive, and shared a pretty good laugh with my friend and I. Staff was knowledgeable and wonderful.The beer was fun to sample. I come from a pretty extensive beer business background, and was proud of the little biz for having such an array to sample. I would definitely say that every kind of craft beer drinker could find something to sip on here. Will def go back to try more and drink a unique local brew. I think it will become a great spot to bring out-of-towners to show them we're more than just corn and cattle. The food was fine. I had the burger and made the mistake of ordering it medium-well. I think if I did the good ol' medium-rare, it would have been fantastic. Flavor was good. I also had the beer cheese soup which was pretty good. The croutons in it were not good, but the soup itself, was good. Creamy and not bitter at all.  My friend had the sausage and she sadly wasn't all that impressed, although it looked great.Will keep going back to try new things. I think they're just settling in and in time, will be 5-star worthy. Keep at it BB!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2014,11/19/2014,5,29,2,2,2>I love Wheatfields.  Huge portions that taste like home cooking.I would have given 4 stars, but they recently fixed their portion sizes on the casseroles.  For awhile they served a dink portion in a bowl.  Now, I can hardly finish my KC potato casserole.  Thanks for adding value back to the meal!  I also noticed that they now substitue pot roast for sirloin in the KC casserole.  Not sure if it's because it's cheaper, or they just wanted to put their own spin on things.  I like it, even if I do prefer sirloin at the end of the day.Love the sticky bun sampler.  I also love that I can order a meal off the special sheet and it comes with the sticky bun sampler or a huge cinnamon roll.  Larger folk should steer clear of that option.  Actually, larger folk shouldn't eat out in general.  It's kinda like an alcoholic going to a bar.Anyhow, that's all for now.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2014,11/18/2014,0,4,2,3,3>I've been meaning to try this place for a while now, I always see it when I go to broncos next door. I got there at about 1045 in the morning and the place was packed which made me feel good because the food should be great. As I was waiting i made it a point to look at all tge food being brought out. It all looked really good. The food looked classy but not overdone. I did notice that their pancakes were really inconsistent which scared me because i was really craving some cakes. After waiting about an hour, or a little longer, I finally got a table, and a had my drink within minutes. I ordered two eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, and 3 small pancakes. The reviews on here said the bacon was the best and it was amazing! Definitely one of my top two favorites and the other one isn't from a restaurant.  Most restaurant bacon sucks so I was extremely happy. The eggs and Hash browns were good. And now here is the reason for not giving 5 stars. The cakes.  Mine came out darker than some but they still weren't fully cooked. They were good but a little mushy and that wasn't from the syrup.  The waitstaff and host had excellent service skills and I can't wait to go back and try more items. You can't do much about the long wait when the food is good so that didn't bother me much. Great place!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2014,11/17/2014,8,10,1,4,3>A little sandwich shop located in South Omaha, that definitely needs to be commended for it's quality sandwiches on the go.  Why eat here? It is family owned and operated, and they know how to do italian sandwiches like it's nobody's business. Recommendations: Try the roast beef and ajus, it is so good. Also the meatball sandwich is pretty bomb too. Oh and don't forget to grab a side of macaroni salad! The homemade vinaigrette and parmesan that comprises the macaroni salad makes your mouth water and your taste buds sing. FYI: It's very small - it's just big enough to fit about 4 people in it at a time. Since it's a small establishment, there is no indoor seating..which is a bummer through the winter months.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,11/16/2014,12,4,6,8,5>1st time in - alligator taco, pretty good.  I'm a BIG sauce guy and the hot sauces are defiantly awesome.  If you like hot, the habanero and raspberry scorpion will hit the spot.  I certainly would recommend stopping in and checking out the atmosphere.  Very different than any other restaurant in town.  Good customer service, good beer selection, overall good food and good experience.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,11/15/2014,21,14,5,7,6>Excellent addition to Aksarben! First the food is delicious. Excellent flavors and fresh produce. I'm a huge fan of their take on a spicey Sirachi sauce. It has just the right balance of hot and sweet! The atmosphere is very minimalist/modern. The outdoor patio makes this a great place to enjoy a dinner with friends under the open sky. Consider this also an excellent choice for lunch. Fast and affordable.I rate this place a 4 star overall, withholding a star because it's casual dinning experience although excellent doesn't leave you awestruck. But a solid four would indicate I would definitely return frequently. Give it a try! You won't regret it. :)UPDATE: it just came to me... This place needs one or more of those new interactive tables. Like a giant Microsoft "Surface"... See m.ideum.com/coffee-tables
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,11/14/2014,27,21,4,4,4>KT has quickly become my favorite place to eat downtown. Service: speedy. Atmosphere: clean, green, natural vibe, and great tunes. Staff: super sweet and they know their stuff. Prices: very fair. Menu: well edited, but something for everyone. Portions: perfectly sized - I don't leave feeling stuffed, yet I rarely leave a crumb on my plate. And most importantly, the food: it's amazing! Healthy, fresh, unique flavor profiles. They source many ingredients from local farmers and also make a lot of their own stuff: pickles, ricotta, soda syrups, sauces & spreads, bread. Freshly prepared components that are ready to be combined in thoughtful and deliciously simple ways... Kitchen Table is what my home kitchen aspires to be. They have at least one lunch special every day, and they're always brilliant!  Check their Instagram feed (@eatkitchentable) around 11:00 if you want to see a drool-worthy photo of what's on the menu today. And note that they are closed on Saturdays.  I can't say enough good things about this place.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,11/13/2014,105,425,4,4,4>This was our first visit here and we are kicking ourselves for not trying it sooner! The woman who runs it was so welcoming and helpful. They have a full menu but it is mostly set up for the one, two or three meat combos. It is laid out buffet style but she loads your plate and describes all the options.  There are about 8 meat options and 10 salad options. Everything we chose was delicious - especially the beef bulgogi and the chicken skewers. For our salad options we picked some great stuff as well including a killer tomato basil salad & the pickled daikon radishes. We can't wait to go try more items.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,11/12/2014,43,27,1,4,4>We were sad to see Mojo's go, but Dudley's seems to be doing great!  It always seems busy when we go, but never so busy that you have to wait for a table.The pizza is good, although I wish there was less crust and more toppings. The crust takes over most of the pizza, especially on the 8 inch. The green garden veggie pizza is my favorite, and I'm usually an extra-extra-pepperoni kind of girl.Lately my go-to order is the pesto burger, with grilled chicken instead of beef. The chicken has an amazing smoky flavor. The other burgers have a little too much going on, but the pesto burger is perfect and simple, although last time there was way too much wilting shredded lettuce.The side salad is surprisingly good!  Fresh diced tomatoes and green onions, and no iceberg lettuce in sight. They have a small list of cocktails, though I wish they would add more (Mojo's had a huge selection!) The LOL Smileyface drink is pretty yummy (and hilarious to order). But the best thing is their fried pickles. I am Southern, so I'm a little particular about them. These are amazing--sliced longways like a sandwich pickle instead of the small slices. The batter is perfect and crispy; Reminds me of what you'd find on fried fish for some reason. Overall, Dudley's is one of our new favorite places to grab a quick meal!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,11/11/2014,41,51,3,5,2>This is a local shop that treats it's customers the way your cranky grandparents tell you Jim who owned the service station that closed in 1983 did. I have had them help me and/or diagnose issues on my car 3 times and only one time have I actually had to have work done. TWICE they have helped me for free over the course of the five months I have owned my car.I took my car in for a tune up at their 7 AM opening time. Everyone who works there was there, working, at 7 AM. It was really nice to see that they actually mean 7 when they say 7. I was out of there and on my way to work at 735.Price was much less expensive than the Acura dealer and the waiting room is pretty darned nice for an independent place. I will be back!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/10/2014,24,214,4,6,4>This place is a wonderful addition to the downtown area. Food and beer wise.I've long wanted to try this place and today just happened to be the day I found myself in the area and in need of food. It looked really dark through the windows but there were a few people already here so we gave it a shot.We walked in and I was amazed at the inside of this place. I've never found anywhere with quite the atmosphere this place has. It feels more upscale without feeling like you should be dressed up more. Dim lighting, lots of brick and wood, beautiful wooden bar. Subdued colors. Very nice feeling to it. Well, the 24 taps also adds to that. Great assortment of American craft beers, but also, European beers. Staropramen, Bacchus. and Pauliner to name a few. Our bartender and waitress, Raya was amazing. She was very attentive and helpful and we were able to have a good conversation with her.We ordered an appetizer of pulled pork egg rolls, a french dip, and a cheeseburger. The pulled pork egg rolls were literally perfect. Best egg rolls I have ever had anywhere. But maybe part of that is I'm just a huge BBQ guy. Brisket french dip again surprised me. Perfectly cooked and amazing flavor. Even without au jus. My buddy had no complaints about his cheeseburger and said it was very good. They come with house potato chips for the side unless you pay extra for fries. Great addition to downtown and we will for sure be back.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,12/22/2013,5,19,,2,1>By far, the best Chinese restaurant in the Omaha area! It is as good as any restaurant that I have been to in NYC or Washington DC Chinatown. Fancy? No. But it's clean, the service is quick and the ingredients are top notch. We had a few Dim Sum plus the Beef Black Bean Pan Fried Rice Noodle - OUTSTANDING! Will I return? OH YEAH!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,12/21/2013,19,73,,1,1>I truly love this place. I have been coming here for a long time. Their food is great (most of it), and it's the only place I come to for raw oysters, and I eat a lot of them. However, being a regular, I also see their price changes. And some are unjustified.  Their oyster happy hour once reined in at .50 an oyster. I'll still pay the .65, but higher I might start to think twice. Their tuna steak used to do it for me, but last time, it didn't even have a pink hue (so much for rare). I absolutely love their crab cakes. They are the best I have found at a restaurant. But at no bigger than 3" wide, $7.99 for one is stupid.  I understand inflation and rising costs, but sometimes, it's a little bit much.  I'll always come back because the oysters are amazing, but going to a restaurant for only one thing doesn't seem like a good business plan for the company.  Some things are priced decently, but things like their 6 tiny shrimp for $5 is overpriced, as are their crab cakes.I no longer order their entrees as I have been dissatisfied with their entrees.  The portion sizes are small and a teaspoon of diced tomatoes and a few shreds of lettuce does not count as a side.  I will stick to their oysters (although when I ordered 3 dozen oysters, the server literally asked me, "Are you serious?")  Just because I am 4'10" and itty, doesn't mean I can't eat a lot of oysters. If there is nothing else for me to eat, I'll just fill up on oysters :).
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,12/20/2013,6,26,,1,2>Just went to Pana 88 with my friend in town from Salt Lake City. Definitely enjoyed it! The service was absolutely fantastic and the atmosphere was really nice. I got veggie lo mein... Not the best I've ever had, but it was certainly good. My friend had veggie ramen, which I tried... It was good, but a little weird. Not sure what it was about it, but it didn't taste like other ramen I've had. I also had a side salad, which was literally just salad with dressing on it, but the carrot ginger dressing was nice. Also, a gross note: The cup I got for water had a piece of old food stuck inside it. But that happens even in the best of dishwashers sometimes, so whatever. Chock it up to bad luck and ask for another. Anyway, would go back and would recommend!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,12/19/2013,0,3,,4,3>Easily, hands down, one of the most unique and delicious places to eat in Omaha. If I could eat here everyday, I would!The cheeses are incredible and are fairly priced. You can try a little bit of everything to see what you like or to have your favorites.The pork belly sandwich was a religious experience. I'm not a big mustard fan but the course grain mustard concoction on this sandwich compliments the meat so well. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had.One tip: spread your chips out and eat your pork belly over your chips so you don't lose any of that delicious pork fat once the sandwich inevitably starts to drip. Incredible!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,12/18/2013,8,10,4,2,2>Not sure what there's not to like about "Cali Taco" ... but there are some folks on here that seem to be finding a number of things to complain about.  Seems maybe their expectations are a little out of whack.  This place puts the third "Dive" in "Diners Drive-in's and Dives" ... and if you ask me that's why it's so great.  This is a place where you can safely and happily mingle with people from all walks of life, Doctors, students, blue collar folks, and young families.  The place just has a great vibe. They are tucked into a working class neighborhood just outside downtown in a building that's nearly 100 years old, and looks like it could be 150.  Leave your pretentiousness at the door, you won't need to judge or be judged here. The food is good 'ol fried sit in your belly goodness.  If you ain't down with that, then maybe this ain't the place for you... health food is not on the menu.  What is on the menu, is fried tortillas, piles of cheese, all the salsa you can handle, and cheap pitchers of beer.  I'll admit I ain't classy, this is my kind of place.  I feel the prices are reasonable for what you get... they clearly are not overcharging to reinvest in the bathrooms, they are rough, but that's part of the charm right?? All in all I suppose some people will love "Cali Taco" and some folks might not see the charm.  But I'll go on record and say... I probably won't want to socialize with those people.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,12/17/2013,35,85,,3,1>I live upstairs in the building and this place is great for a breakfast run before heading to the office or lunch when I'm working from home. They're open around 7:30 but I've been down earlier and they're happy to take my order and they make an excellent breakfast platter with fresh potato hashbrowns. She literally grates them fresh onto the grill. On Thursday and Friday they also have decent biscuits and gravy and they aren't afraid to give you a lot of it. I will say that it does take a little bit of time (5-10 minutes if they're busy) to get your order but when it's made fresh and to order you really can't complain too much. During lunch they have gyros, burgers, good fries and combo meals for a decent price. The people behind the counter are really nice and accommodating for special requests. There's always a line during lunch so you know it's good. I'd give them five stars if they were open later or on the weekends but it's downtown Omaha, what are you going to do?
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,12/16/2013,173,319,2,6,4>My absolute favorite place to visit in Nebraska is the zoo.  This zoo is seriously amazing.  If you adore animals, or all types, the zoo is your haven.  This particular zoo has several exhibits divided up into the particular environment the animals live in.  There's the Kingdom of the Night, animals who are nocturnal, The Lied Jungle, for the tropical animal folk, the cat complex, for all the tigers and lions, the gorilla complex, which is quite comical if you hang around for awhile the gorillas are pretty smart.  My favorite part of seeing the zoo is probably riding the sky tram with my boyfriend.  You get an amazing view of the giraffes, cheetahs, and koi fish.  The zoo has several places where you can sit down and rehydrate and refuel throughout the zoo.  I highly suggested spending almost the entire day here.  Even then it may be difficult to see the whole place and enjoy each exhibit.  What I also love about this zoo is that they have events throughout the year for guests who choose to come by on those days.  My boyfriend, his family, and my niece went to the Pancakes with the Penguins day early one saturday morning and it was so much fun!  $15 for as many pancakes and sausages as we wanted, and we got to take pictures and pet a pretty penguin named Izzy.  We also go to watch happy feet 2 in the imax theatre and walked around the aquarium too.  If you had a chance to check out their events throughout the year I say check it out it's definitely worth it.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,12/15/2013,11,17,,1,1>Love the bistro menu for lunch and dinner.  I can indulge my French-tooth here to my heart's content.  Food is consistent and always prepared in a traditional way from scratch, nothing mass produced or pre-made frozen.  This is not fast dining mind you.  Don't come here when you have only a half hour.With multi-course meals, service is critical so that you do not have plates piling up at the table and your entree cools as you hurry to finish your starter.  Their service is always timed appropriately.  Occasionally at lunch service can lean toward a bit slow if the dining room fills up at once.  Cocktails and wine choices are always satisfying.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,12/14/2013,78,19,5,5,6>If you want your outsides to match your insides, don't hesitate for one second and make your first appointment at ICON.  It will be the last salon you'll ever have to visit.I've been going to Lisa Anderson of ICON for about 8 years now and every single time I leave my hair appointment I feel like I can slay dragons or run for president.  There's a level of confidence the girls at ICON instill in you...or rather in your hair.I love me some Lisa, but quite honestly I would trust any of these girls with my hair.  Cut, color, style, UP-DO (I hate that word), bang trim, you name it, these are some serious professionals I'm talking about here.  They have the experience, training and knowledge to not only listen to their clients, but really understand their lifestyle and personality.  They will talk to you about realistic expectations, explain why they use a certain product, tool or technique and leave you with a sense of self.  YOURself, not a bizarro version of some girl in a magazine.The salon atmosphere is like Sunday brunch meets the Golden Girls.  Fun, laid back, colorful, friendly, inclusive, quirky.  You not only get sweet hair to start your week(end) with, but you get the sweet experience as well and you won't have to take out a second mortgage on your home to pay for it!I'm still reeling from my hair experience a few days ago, can you tell?
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,12/13/2013,43,27,,3,>We go to Spezia almost weekly for their happy hour specials. Half off wine and flatbreads is totally worth the trip, and they usually have a $10 off coupon in the back of the Omaha magazine. The atmosphere is pretty upscale/romantic, but the bar area during happy hour is nice and casual.We have only actually eaten dinner there a couple of times, since it is a little expensive. Everything I've had is good!  The Spezia salad, hot artichoke crab dip, and Napoli/Mediterranean flatbreads are my favorites. The bread dipped in oil, vinegar, and parmesan is amazing (it's not bad on the flatbreads either!)Overall, service is great, although maybe not quite as good during happy hour. I'll never forget the first time we had dinner there, and the waiter brought us free tiramisu! We've been Spezia fans ever since.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,10/10/2014,31,49,6,3,2>Don't judge this book by its cover. Really good BBQ comes out of the trailer sandwiched between the car wash and Godfathers on N 30th street. Don't worry about dressing up or getting your car washed before you go. Just park on the crumbly parking lot on the west side of the abandoned couches and mattresses by the dumpster. It is worth it!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,10/9/2014,35,109,1,5,3>1st timer....FHBC opened about a week before my visit and I was pretty impressed.  Menu was good with some unusual items.  Tried two appetizers, the pierogies and the meat/cheese plate.  Pierogies were excellent... wish there were more than just three.   In-house brewed beer selection still small but they will have some more options coming online.  Negative... place is noisy.  Again with the industrial look (concrete floors and open ceilings).  It echoes... please add some sound absorbent decorations! lolService was good, especially for a newly opened place.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,10/8/2014,58,216,3,5,3>Stopped in for lunch and had one of the truly best servers ever...I've gotten fairly good service before, but this time Luke really knocked it out of the park...granted it wasn't all that busy, but he still made sure to periodically check in on me and when I asked if the chef could put a fried egg on my enchilada, he totally made it happen....Major kudos to Luke for showing that exceptional service still exists in the Old Market...
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,10/7/2014,0,4,,3,2>I love this place! The concept is great, and I love how all the wine is organized on the wall. I work over at Corkscrew Wine and Cheese in west Omaha, and this is the only other place where I'll buy wine because prices are reasonable. The owner here is so nice as well. Just good people, and I felt very welcome here. Every Friday night they have wine tasting, and I want to go down there one of these days but I'm usually working. Anyway, I would definitely check this place out. Much recommended if you love wine. Oh and they have a good beer selection as well!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,10/6/2014,1,35,1,4,2>This place is a GEM!  It's a terrific location for a sweet bite while spending time in the Old Market, and these are the MOISTEST cupcakes I've EVER had!  The frosting is to die for, and is just the right amount!  This shop is owned by a local cake maker with a huge following in Omaha!  Thanks to the newly opened store you can pick up a treat of his, for a fraction of the cost of a full-size cake!  Treat yourself today!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,10/5/2014,193,329,8,9,9>This is absolutely the only place in Nebraska that I will miss!The zoo is the number 1 in the US... or right up there in the top five!So many different areas you can explore.... the jungle, aquarium, dessert, lion's cage etc.Always clean. Friendly staff.Beautiful!Train ride is awesome.The skyride is cool but scary lol.Tram is nice too.The IMAX is great. Short little flims.I feel terrible for the families who can't afford to come here.... all kids should be able to experience the Zoo especially when Nebraska is so high on the list of being the best zoo.Most of the other attractions have a program that is funded by grants to allow low income families to visit for a lower admission fee or free.I am surprised that the Buffetts have not funded this for the Zoo!Come on Suzzie and Warren... Let's see some grants for the Zoo....Or even Mutual of Omaha could send some funding for this!Just kind of sad... my family and I go several times throughout the summer.... and I've heard other kids say that they never have been and their parents can't afford.Sad.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,10/4/2014,33,147,6,11,7>Finally!  I thought I was never going to get in this place due to the hype and excitement that we have had for some time now. the whole 'Vegan restaurant in Omaha' thing had my wife and I salivating and wondering what would be on the menu.i have no questions now. This was such a great dining experience.An overabundance of thanks to Christoper K. for securing a table. I don't know how long I would have waited to go if not for you Chris! I can't believe it.  We had sooo many items that it felt like an Elite event. From the appetizers to the salads and then the entrees, they were all stellar.Like any new restaurant there may have been some hiccups, but then again we went late. 8:45 reservation. They were out of the Jalepeno Corn Fritters so we opted for the Stuffed Zucchini Blossoms x2. They didn't last long, the edamame puree tasted very much like a pesto with a little lemon hint.The Quinoa Cesar was pretty fantastic and a welcome addition to the table. I couldn't even taste the capers (we all know how I feel about those nasty things) the tempeh croutons could have passed for chik'n. This also had a hint of lemon that stood out. The Modern Nicoise salad was really outstanding as well. Wifey makes Potato Angels that I feel are closer to what the Deviled Potatoes should have been like. again a little lemony. I had a few bites of the Beet burger Royale and it is very high up on how awesome Beets can be. Just the right amount of smoky. My entree was the Sietan Marsala and holy wow! So savory and could be served in any Italian restaurant. The root veg mash that is sat upon is something I am going to try to replicate at home. Simply put, it was just that good. Wifey and her dining partner both got the Polenta romesco and it was out of this world good. The star shaped polenta had perfect grilling and poppyseed. This also had a lemon tone to it..At the time of this review the liquor license is pending so for now it is BYOB. I wish I had known that and I would have brought a Growler of Capitol Pale Ale I can't believe how overly full I was without regret.I owe Christopher K so many thanks that he should get a review of just how awesome he is.  Pay attention Jersey,  you have a foodie on the loose in Omaha.Straight from the menu so that you can see what we had:Stuffed Zucchini Blossom     13Panko fried blossom, edamame puree, zucchini slaw, grilled summer squashesQuinoa Caesar    14Romaine, arugula, tempeh croutons, avocado, cold-smoked eggplant bacon, tahini caper dressing (gf) Modern Nicoise   14Chickpea salad, deviled potatoes, grilled green beans, heirloom tomatoes, olives, greens, balsamic vinaigretteBeet Burger Royale   12Home baked sesame seed bun, house pickles, smoky cashew cheese, warm tarragon potato salad, romaine and tomatoPolenta Romesco   16Grilled poppyseed polenta, chickpeas, potatoes, braised kale, roasted red pepper almond sauce (gf) Seitan Marsala   18Root veg mash, wild mushrooms, fresh herbs, microgreens TL:DR; A little pricey, but worth it,  there is a little bit more to the menu that I need to get. Maybe next time it will be a dessert only visit
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,10/3/2014,42,54,6,7,5>This store is AWESOME!If you're a fan of Hello Kitty, Sanrio (in general), Tokidoki, and a slew of other brands, this is your one-stop gift shop!  (And, if Westroads is out of your neighborhood, there's an additional store at Oakview Mall...)Formerly Top Notch Charms, this store-front has been transformed to be cute - and edgy.  Fashion, fashion jewelry, accessories, shoes, stuffed toys, hats (for boys and girls), wallets, and even bags and backpacks can be found here!!!  (My most recent purchase was a Tokidoki by JuJuBe baby backpack, paci pod, and bib.)Becki, Eric, and Ashley are awesome peeps, and if you stop in and have the luxury of getting to chit-chat with them, you'll find them to be EXTREMELY knowledgeable about their product lines.  Not only are they experts, they're also avid shoppers of the products - so you know they're always looking for the latest products on the market.I'm all about quality of product, so I don't mind spending a little more on the things I purchase.  The prices at Fetish are comparable to what you'll find elsewhere - even on-line.  So, do a little research before you get there, and you'll avoid sticker shock.  (My baby bag was approximately $150...)  I'm a true believer of buying quality-goods...  I might pay for it at the front of the line, but, down the road, I'll have something that lasts forever...  Did I mention I can throw my entire baby bag, paci pod, and double-sided bib into the washer and dryer without worrying about it being ruined?  Yeah, another perk of buying JuJuBe products...So, check them out.  Stop by, and let them know Maka wrote a review and told you to come in.  It's worth it - if you like Hello Kitty and the awesomeness that surrounds that culture.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/15/2014,10/2/2014,17,123,3,6,5>Claiming "Omaha's Best Burger" is a pretty bold statement. And unfortunately, it doesn't live up to the claim. For $6, a burger and onion rings isn't a bad deal. The burgers and buns are grilled and come topped with the basics - lettuce, tomato, onions. Portion-wise, it's pretty big. You order in the back (it's cash only, so make sure to bring some, otherwise there's an ATM that charges you extra) and a waitress brings out the food. Even during lunch rush hour, the wait time was minimal. You had to order drinks (even water) separately at the bar, which is no big deal. Just something to keep in mind - don't expect a waitress to come by and fill your glass. This isn't a bad burger, but it's just not the BEST burger, nor does it make a top 5 list for me.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,10/1/2014,18,64,1,4,2>After reading the reviews thought I would try it for a late supper.  I got the Chicken Burrito and a side of rice.  Burrito was loaded with Mexican goodness, not sure of everything in there but it was big and flavorful.  The rice was basic Mexican rice with okay flavor.  I ended up adding the little container of green sauce to it which kicked it up a bit.  Only complaint would be the size of the rice for what it cost.  Other than that I was very pleased with everything.  I'll take this over Chipotle any day.
