<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,1/15/2012,22,36,3,13,4>This post office makes me want to go postal (in a good way)!!I've been in and out of this post office every week day Monday thru Friday at least once a day. I find most post offices to be quite creepy and unsafe... this one is clean, well laid out and well lit. Hours of Operation run much later than the rest in Tampa. They close at 11:58P daily. This post office is clearly "the post office to work at" if this is your profession. Over the past 7 years, I've gotten to know the staff, most have been around at least 7 years and know the ropes so very well - and really know how to keep the lines moving during those tough tax deadlines and holidays. They are really organized, nice and helpful.Another lovely Plus about this location is that there is a separate passport center where you can handle your passport renewals, etc. Again, the staff is very knowledgable and can get you in and out with the right documents -  I have personal experience in this department too and have ZERO complaints.Hands Down, the best post office to utilize in the Tampa Bay area!!!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,1/14/2012,132,27,,3,1>This is a must stop if your headed to Ybor...we make this one of our first stops as we can grab a smoke and enjoy some tasty hops...Bartenders are very knowledge about the beers and they have some great one's....when the weather is nice great to sit outside and enjoy a good cigar and people watch....
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,1/13/2012,16,87,,2,2>I love the food, and it seems home made since it tastes a bit different every time.Love the colorful, pleasant décor and anticipation of new and exotic foods and tastes I am allergic to wheat and love that I can eat the Injera since it is made of teff flower. Not only are the prices and food amazing, but the owner comes by the table to say hello almost every time i've been there.Even occasionally offering free tastes of new wine and once a free container of their special tea blend when my friend asked about it. Great setting and it's great to go to a place that appreciates its patrons. The only down side is the service is almost always slow, but I think that is really more a matter of a slower paced atmosphere than inattentiveness.I've suggested Queen of Sheba to dozens of people, and no one who has gone has ever had anything negative to say.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,1/12/2012,177,52,1,2,2>What can I say the ingredients are very healthy and fresh with many options for the meat eaters, seafood lovers, vegetarians, and vegans!I had the chicken in the claypot with green beans, a very delicious pepperish like broth which you can literally drink on its own as a soup. Plus the spring rolls are very fresh and light, also loved the stuffed chicken wings, yum!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,1/11/2012,56,271,,1,1>You have to drink when you go here, otherwise it's just a place that serves meat and cheese. The selection is much more appetizing when you're a little tipsy.I got the Octoberfest (I think that's what it was called). The German potato salad was a bit surprising, but delicious. Get Laura as your host. Great personality and spot on drink recommendations.Parking is a hassle.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,1/10/2012,0,2,,5,2>Who knew all the different ways to make soap!! This place is a true South Tampa establishment and definitely one of kind, when I first moved to town everyone I knew  kept telling me how I needed to pick out a scent of my own from here! There are about 50 different mixtures of soap and oil to choose from, and the owner has always offered to mix me up something special for my body wash (I like the bobbi brown scent with extra vanilla added) and have loved it every time! you can make your flavor into a bath soap, a foaming body butter, salt scrub, candle, and who knows what else. What is really special about this place is it is all made on the premise, and you can custom make virtually anything on soap for a party or shower with a little notice. I am not sure what it is made out of but it isn't drying like normal bar soap it is super moisturizing, once you switch you will be hooked. Definately check out this place for one of kind gifts for those hard to gift too (like inlaws and picky relatives) they were a lifesaver this christmas, everyone loved that they were from Tampa and handmade, and with all the choices I could pick out a special one for each person!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,1/9/2012,32,93,2,4,2>I tried this pizza place last month and the pie was good . The owner was really friendly though and offered us an ex.pie because the card swiper was out so we had to go get cash. SO yeah free pie was a great way to apologize for the inconvenience. The pie were large and well covered with the toppings, I think more sauce and cheese next time (and yessss there will be a next time) I would recommend Brunos to those who like pizza pie. The have a lot of other items on the menu like spaghetti & meatballs, lasagna, ravioli along with wings, salads and hoagies BUT I really want to try the Philly Cheese-stake. I hear its is the best. SOOOOooo expect a update on the Philly.The place is drive through only so if you are looking for a sit down meal this is not the place but if you are looking for good pie to take home and watch NFL then Touchdown! Don't take my word for it try it you will be back.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,1/8/2012,10,85,,7,3>This is a bar with a bar menu but they really take care with the food. I'm a traditional Buffalo-style wing gal from upstate NY and they do a great job with the wings here. First time I've actually enjoyed chargrilled wings was here. And that black 'n bleu burger just melts in your mouth. Just thinking about it makes me salivate. (Shouldn't write these things on an empty stomach :)  Now, the beer selection. It's gi-norm-ous! Something for everyone, from domestic standards to high end craft beers rounded out with seasonal special brews. It's hard to pick. So I think I'll try them all...eventually! This bar may not be a slick new franchise but it's got personality and soul. The owner seems like a real down to earth good guy, and obviously has worked on improving things. The bartenders are friendly and will chat (as time permits) or leave you to your own devices, if that is your preference, but will keep an eye on you so your glass is never empty.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,1/7/2012,112,118,3,4,3>I've only tried the ricotta pie -- three times, so far. I can't get past it. It's that good. This is one of the more unusual pizza joints in Tampa. It is not a chain. In fact, this is the only location. It does not call attention to itself. It's housed in a former Taco Bell on N. Dale Mabry Highway, next door to a strip club, the Mons Venus. That establishment's owner, Joe Redner, also bankrolls this place. The quality of the crust and the tomato and the cheese is very high here.The prices are higher than at chains, but the taste and quality more than justify the extra couple bucks. It's never busy here. But it makes an excellent take-out option if you are also enjoying the craft beers at the nearby Cigar City Brewing, also owned by - wait for it - Joe Redner. The guy knows how to make money. Let's face it. You should discover this pizza gem in the chain-infested wasteland of Dale Mabry.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/26/2011,1/6/2012,65,344,,3,2>We went here for dinner last week with another couple.  They eat here regularly and love it.I have to say that we were not as enamored.  The place is nice enough, staff is friendly (although the bar is sloooow).But the menu was very basic, and honestly, I think that Maui steak should not be on a menu where steaks are in the $30 range.  I'd expect to see Maui steak at an Outback.We started with the fried calamari, which was good.  Then I had the NY strip with the NYO mac and cheese.  My husband had the prime rib and smashed potatoes.  Later on, he confided in me that his was the worse prime rib he'd ever had.  My steak was cooked perfectly, but it was a little sweet.  And the mac and cheese was too rich.  I could only eat about a quarter of the dinner.We had the chocolate cake for dessert which was fine but not mind blowing.Wine list was not spectacular but not bad.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,5/22/2014,28,69,,8,3>If you want a good massage, go see Rochelle.  She is awesome!  I originally went in for the $30 relaxation massage.   When I explained to the masseuse what my problem area was, she informed me that I could get a combination of 2 different massages for just $10 more.  I am training for a marathon and I sit in front of a computer and microscope at work.  So,  I needed both the deep tissue and the sports massage.   She was the best!  She did just the right combination of each massage.  I got relief from the pain in my neck and shoulders with extra flexibility in my legs.  There was also a small amount of traction which has helped to keep me pain free and flexible weeks later.I went on a Monday night and I was able to call at the last minute to find an open appointment.  I would caution against this.  I would also not go Thursday- Saturday because the spa has a wall adjacent to Side Splitters comedy club.   I was warned by the staff that sounds from the comedy club permeate the walls.  It can get a little loud.   Also,  because of the type of combination massage I was getting, Rochelle was kind of talkative.   However,  she will ask you if you would like her to be quiet:-).   If you are going for the relaxation massage,  she may not be the masseuse for you because she is very interactive.   She asks lots of questions to taylor your treatment.   For me,  that's fine.   She did such a great job (especially with the deep tissue), I tipped her $15.  I will be back once a month.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,5/21/2014,111,81,3,6,4>Overall, this is a decent asian market for floridian standards. I often come here for my groceries since it supplies everything I need to make my dishes, and because it's relatively close by :). It has all the veggies you would ever need, and at a cheap price! MD is the only place I know as of now, that has BULK packages of tong hao (chrysanthemum leaves), snow pea leaves, fresh taro, bok choy, yu choy, chinese broccoli, and chinese water spinach (which is illegal to grow up in md). Funny story, when I first moved down to florida, I was pretty shocked/surprised at how most of the produce/veggies is packaged up (i.e tomatoes, limes/lemons, ginger, cucumber, zucchini...)! I was use to seeing people able to pick their selection and how many they want in asian markets. I mean what if you get a bad veggie in one of the packages? Or you don't have to use it all (like ginger)? Fortunately, after my many times shopping here, I have yet to get a bad product.Other than veggies they have a wide array of sauces, asian snacks, kitchen supplies, dishes, hair dye, chinese medicine, frozen delicacies (from dumplings, hot pot essentials, baos..), and a cooked food station where you can get your packaged roast duck, roast pig, marinated chicken, char siu, and etc. for your dinner to go :). Just a hint, for roast pig its best if you ask them to cut it fresh for you instead of choosing from the packages...you will get a better cut with more meat ratio than fat. Need two packages of duck? Ask them to cut one of the whole ducks for you instead. You'll save atleast $2.Speaking about roast pig, you can order a whole roast pig here (for those special occassions such as weddings...pretty sure you have to order beforehand of course) and they have items needed for a traditional asian wedding (like the candles and etc), or for an asian burial (dead money...etc).MD is also the first place I know of that sells fresh not frozen pork belly (and you can choose your selection!). The only meat I will buy here is pork belly, ground pork when needed, ox tail, and sometimes pork spare ribs when I want to make a broth. For other meat I purchase at publix. I tend to stay away from the fruit and seafood section. I can get my fruit elsewhere and fresher. Same goes for the fish, I like to get it elsewhere; the shrimp they carry is from china, and their fish area seems limited. However I will give in whenever I am craving a crabbie fix. But its sad that we can't select our blue crabs on our own...Other than produce, their staff is really nice and helpful. I will definitely continue to come back :).
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,5/20/2014,398,173,,5,2>I have been trying to go to yummy house for some times, but I finally made it, and I am so glad I did. I ordered the chicken curry and it was the best I have ever tried before. I also ordered chicken low mein to go for dinner, it was delicious as well. I can't wait to go back to try the rest of the menu. I would have gave it five stars if it was only for the food, but I took one star off for the lack of cleaningness, specially the glass windows, they were smudges everywere, and also the glass tables were not throughly cleaned. Otherwise, and as far as taste concerned, this is the tastiest Chinese restaurant in the Tampa Bay area. My other complain that they didn't have any vegetarian dumpling or pot stickers which I love. I wish they would accommodate for people who do not eat pork like me.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,5/19/2014,36,45,2,11,4>What an unexpected pleasure to walk into a store in SOHO and know I can walk away with any dress there....well, for 5 glorious days at least! This is the deal: I have a socialite lifestyle that demands an ever changing wardrobe but like many, I am not wealthy. I change shoes, bags, accessories, even hairdos to vary the look of my expensive clothes. Instead of owning a million dresses, I own 15 very nice ones, but the rotation gets old and somehow I get caught in the same piece around the same people. Now, I have a bridal shower to attend (okay, MY bridal shower) and I want to look very nice, so I tried this place out. They have more dresses in the store room than I saw online and YES they do take credit cards (Yelp site got that wrong). You just create an account on one of their computer setups there and that's it. Pick up your dress on Thursday or have it mailed to you. Then, you can mail it back in a box that they prepare for you or drop it into a secure drop box out back.   This may not be for everyone but the way I see it is like this: I'm renting a quality dress that retails $500-$600 for only $80. I will most likely be the only one of my friends with that same dress on that night because it's more expensive than most. If I wanted to, I could also rent a $5,000 dress for $350. So....I don't know who YOU are; but if I skipped lunch for a month, I could swing $350 (to look like a million bucks). Now, $5,000?!- that's just indecent and completely impossible! With Lending Luxury a $5,000 piece doesn't have to be unattainable. My dress will look great and when it is time for us to part, I won't cry- pictures last forever.Hmmm, now what will I wear to my bachlorette party and rehearsal dinner (-:
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,5/18/2014,37,150,3,3,2>Yum-city!Came here with a friend who lives in Safety Harbor on a Saturday night during Safety Harbor's Wine Fest. We were quickly seated and decided to start with an appetizer since our wine had kicked in. We started with the artichoke dip. Before it arrived, we were brought an amuse bouche from the chef: tomato black bean soup. A lovely touch. The artichoke dip arrived and was fine. I would probably select another appetizer on my next trip but it got took the edge off. My friend and I decided to share the pecan crusted chicken for our entrée. They split it for us in the kitchen and split salads for us. I will note that a fly was lingering around my salad and eventually got sucked in to the dressing. Yuck. The server took care of it quickly and promised dessert at the end of the evening which was just fine with me. That kind of thing happens (as the server explained they get all their greens from an organic farm) and its really how a place responds to it that makes all the difference to me. Fly incident aside, we were ready for our entrée and it was a total winner. The Pecan crusted chicken was Ah-may-zing. Stuffed with gorganzola and bacon. Can't go wrong with that. Our entrée came (split) with a portion of mashed potatoes (yum!) and a vegetable medley (loved the carrots!). It is a rich dish so splitting it was perfect. It left us room for the chocolate cake that my friend told me we must try. Ok. Twist my arm. We ordered two pieces of chocolate cake: one for us and one for my friend to take home to her boyfriend (securing her place as the best girlfriend ever). The cake was too delicious for words. Trust me, I'm a professional. This is some damn good chocolate cake. Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Green Springs and I look forward to going back to try more things on the menu (and get another piece of chocolate cake!).
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,5/17/2014,6,80,,6,2>When it comes to steak Charley's is my all time favorite, but Iavarone's is a close second for a bunch of reasons. The steaks are priced really reasonably and I have never, ever had a steak here that wasn't cooked perfectly. I have been coming here for years and I've never been disappointed. All entrees come with a complimentary salad and side of pasta which is awesome. GET THE HOUSE SALAD. It is just amazing. The home made dressing is mixed with a ton of cheese and olives and it is just sinful. The pasta with the "princess" sauce is also outstanding. And like I said before the steaks are great. My only complaint is that they took the bone in ribeye off the menu. This sucks. It comes back on the specials menu sometimes but I would love if it was put back on the permanent. Please?  Anyway, I will be back. Service and atmosphere are also really nice here. It's fun to sit in the bar area, but more romantic in the dining room.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,5/16/2014,97,334,3,7,3>What a great experience! We visited this local brewery on a Saturday and caught their 4pm tour. The tour is $5 (plus tax) per person and includes a draft beer, the glass it comes in, and a guided tour which includes some samples. You need to sign up for the tour ahead of time through eventbrite (on their website), which was super simple. The place is not fancy and doesn't stand out, hidden behind Home Depot off Spruce near Dale Mabry. The parking lot has free parking, but space is limited. Luckily we found a spot near the end. You then enter the tasting room, where there are two separate bars. The first one has a limited amount of drafts, the second almost double, including samplers. The tour starts near the first bar, so that's where we started. The tour lasted about 30 minutes, and the guide was hilarious and fun. They don't take you very far, but I would suggest wearing closed toe shoes unless you want to wear blue plastic footies. They also make you wear goggles for safety. Everything about this brewery feels local and genuine. The environment is fun and playful, and I love how they value quality over quantity. Yes, they could expand (being rated the 5th best brewery in America and only serving 6 states), but they can't handle the volume and don't want to go large scale. They name their beers after local things, and put some fun twists into the flavors. We got to sample 2 of the beers they were currently brewing, which made for a pretty good value. After the tour, you can go home, or head to the bar in the tasting room and continue your journey. We sat with some friends and filled our glasses a few times before heading home. Only downside is that they charge $5 per draft beer, which is a little much but I guess you're paying for the environment and the "craft". I enjoyed my beers and cider, and would definitely head back here. They do not have food there, but they do usually have a food truck out front. I think they have two different ones each day, one from 1-4 and one from 4 on.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,5/15/2014,177,191,3,4,2>Writing this review mainly for those of us who don't do Greek food but don't mind going to Greek restaurants when everyone else wants to. In Tarpon Springs that is mandatory. I can always find something in Greek eateries.When spending the day at the sponge docks in Tarpon Springs you will eat at a Greek place.On with the review. We ordered the flaming cheese appetizer. Be sure to Opa! when your waiter lights it up. Everyone loved it. For me, it was ok. I ordered the grouper sandwich. I love grouper and a good grouper sandwich is gold. The food came and I must say that my sandwich looked fabulous, tasted even better. A very fresh bakery roll with a generous piece of grouper fried to a superb golden brown with just the lightest of breading. It came with fries which were first rate, hot, crispy outside, soft inside. A portion of tartar on the side completed it. Very grateful for them letting the diner do their own amount of tartar and there was not a speck of grease anywhere.The rest of the family ate various Greek dishes and they raved about how good it was. Just not my cup of tea. If it is yours, Hellas is a great choice. Insanely Greek decorated, professional wait staff. Our waiter did not commit the "guys" sin therefore no deduction. Attention servers....take a lesson from these waiters.  Opa!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,5/14/2014,81,138,2,8,2>My boyfriend and I had been trying to get into Cello's for a few weeks but kept calling a bit too late. The restaurant is pretty small so reservations sell out quickly. And because the food is so good, we now understand why. Important Note: You can bring your own beer and wine as they don't have a licence and they only accept cash.We finally got in for a Saturday night to celebrate an anniversary and were promplty greeted and seated by Ellen. She's the server and Sue is the cook. They run the whole show just the two of them. We called ahead and let them know that we had a gluten allergy and they kindly offered to pick up potatoes for us instead of the ravioli that normally goes with the meals. The menu is small but there is something for everyone. We both chose the filet mignon. I chose the bleu cheese sauce while my boyfriend chose the cranberry apple chutney. The meals are served with either a salad or beer cheese soup. I had the soup (since I can eat gluten) and it was delicious. I would go back for that soup alone. It's garnished with a few pieces of popcorn! Delish! My boyfriend's salad was also good. Not fancy, but very fresh. Our steaks arrived promptly and were served with the baked potatoes we requested and a grilled carrot. The steaks were cooked exactly as we ordered and wrapped in bacon. The potatoes and carrots were awesome as were the sauces. Ellen is a wonderful server and very quick. We didn't have to ask for a thing! I love this quaint, little place and cannot wait to go back and try some other dishes. I highly recommend dining here. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,5/13/2014,124,123,8,4,1>Are there cougars?  Sure, sometimes.Is the cover for guys ridiculous?  Absolutely.But for some reason I always flock to this place.  I like it that much.  The specialty cocktails are the best in Tampa.  Very expensive, but the best nonetheless.The waitresses are simply amazing.  They're definitely a valuable asset to Blue Martini.Although I agree that the prices are a little steep, Blue Martini does offer a very appealing Happy Hour which includes 1/2 off all drinks and food.  A great deal I think.  And the food is legitimately good.  Don't let the Cougar Tales and stories of overpriced drinks scare you away.  Blue Martini is worth a visit.  The food is great, the drinks are amazing and the service is phenomenal.On some nights they have a live band, that is usually really good.  At a certain hour of the night, there is also a DJ.  They typically hire very good talent.  B. Major Grade:  A
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,4/21/2014,336,610,3,14,7>New Favorite place in the UNIVERSE, Seriously. I have heard great things about this place for a while from Carlos. Finally, we got a chance to try it. We really had no idea whatsoever what to expect. We never had this kind of food.The pupusas, never tried anything like it, I guess the only thing I could compare it to would be the Puerto rican arepas with cheese, not the Columbian ones(Those are just white pieces of non flavor).The pupusas were so tasty, I guess like a corn flour like taste with your choice of meats and cheese, and beans if you want. My husband and I ended up eating 2 each, and ordered a carne asada with rice and plantains. The pupusas were a perfect meal or snack, seriously that good. I need to bring other people here, my friends from Chicago, who have never tried this food. If you have not been here, this is a must go. It's small, and they have videos of central America so you can get to know what the area is like. Definitely a place that I would love to go back to in a heartbeat.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/20/2014,98,216,4,7,6>This place is a legend in St Pete.  If you want to eat with the locals then this is your place.  Some would call it a greasy spoon, others a dive; it is eclectic for sure.  Decorated with pigs, pigs and more pigs.  There is counter seating and tables/booths.  Something to note - they ONLY take cash, but do have an ATM.  Open for breakfast and lunch, they have mid-week specials for $2.79, but even their normal prices are still on the cheaper side.  You can pretty much get it all here in terms of home cooked southern/diner fare.  There is standard and there is unique such as pizza omelet or pigs brains.  The servers have all worked there for years and you will feel like you are at Mel's Diner with Flo, Alice and Vera.  Enjoy!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,4/19/2014,68,124,3,5,4>So happy to have to this store as my local place. Been coming there ever since I moved into my new house last year. Very clean. No pets' smells like in some other places, even though pets are welcome. The staff is friendly and helpful. The variety of foods and toys is excellent. My doggies only eat all natural food and they got it at a pretty good price. The store sells small pets as well: bunnies, hamsters, fish, etc. and they have cats for adoption. My favorite part is the store's selection of doggie "pasties treats." Very boutique of them. Little cookies and cupcakes are usually holiday themed and at a very affordable price. My furry babies love those and their birthday's (yes, I'm one of those people) are more special because of them.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/18/2014,22,57,4,13,8>I was SO impressed by draught house. We went their opening weekend, and everything was perfect! They pretty much gutted the entire building. The bar is large and opens up to outside which is large with plenty of tables and a dog friendly area. Inside is small-ish but also has the garage style doors that open up for max air flow. We sat at the bar outside and were greeted immediately by our two great bartenders, Tanya and Chris. They were so friendly and efficient! True to their name, they have an extensive beer list: local brews, crafts, and a large selection of Belgium's and other imports. They also have an interesting signature cocktail menu. All the drinks I tried from it were A+!What really sets this place apart is their food menu. It has a little Asian flair, featuring noodle bowl and banh mi, is also had lots of pork belly and vegetarian options. We tried the jerk wings...so juicy and served with a pineapple chutney. We also had the fig,   prosciutto, and goat cheese flatbread. Outstanding! The flatbread itself was homemade, chewy and delicious, and the toppings made it out if this world. Draught house is just what Dunedin needs! I'm so happy I live a short walk away because I NEED to try everything on their menu!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,4/17/2014,97,705,3,9,9>Located in the Odessa/keystone area, Old McMickey's farm is perfect for children under the age of 8.We had a groupon and took my 3 year old nephew. We all really enjoyed it. Groups leave every 15 minutes, and you must be with the group at all times. At first I was a little annoyed we couldn't go off on our own, but now I know why. It would be too chaotic and too unsafe for the animals to have a bunch of kids running around. You stay at each station about 15 minutes. The highlights for my nephew were the chicken coop (they allow you to pick up the chickens), the pony ride loop and the slide. We also visited with potbelly pigs, mini donkeys, milked a cow and played with Pygmy goats. With our groupon it was $10 for 1 adult and 1 child. We paid $12 for the extra adult. I don't know if I would have paid $35 for all of us to get in, but with a groupon it was a good deal. Oh!  They also have a covered barn area where you can host a kid's birthday party.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,4/16/2014,200,161,6,12,7>Saturday night I was craving Miguel's (my favorite Mexican restaurant in Tampa). However, once we started to head down towards South Tampa, we realized that Gasparilla traffic wasn't moving, and we weren't going to get our chips and salsa on anytime soon. So we turned around and headed north on Dale Mabry until something caught our attention. I still had a craving for Mexican... GOOD Mexican... and a few places popped into our head. That's when I remembered a friend of mine raving about Senor Tequila a few weeks back. Before I knew it, we were pulling into the parking lot and grabbing a seat at the bar. When you walk in, you immediately feel festive. It's got a modern feel to it, with a huge bar area, flat screen TV's, and dark wood furniture, Spanish music playing in the background, the smell of fresh salsa in the air, and amazing looking margaritas continuously flying out of the bar. You can't help but smile when you walk in. As we sat at a high top table at the bar, we were immediately greeted by a waiter who brought fresh, hot chips and salsa to our table, and took our drink orders. We munched on the homemade corn tortilla chips as we read the HUGE menu. There are so many options to choose from, we were honestly a bit overwhelmed. From salads and Mexican soups, to fish dishes and traditional burritos, enchiladas and something amazing called a molcajete (A hot lava rock heaped with sizzling beef strips, chicken, pork and shrimp. Topped with cheese, grilled cactus, peppers, onions and served with rice, beans, lettuce, guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream and three flour tortillas) we really wanted to try it all. In the end I ordered the Pollo Margarita (moist, flavorful, delicious!) and Brian ordered a beef chimichanga. They also offer things like burgers, steaks, a great variety of vegetarian options and appetizers like ceviche, sopes and a blue crab and queso dip that I can't wait to order next time. Our meals were hot and fresh, and came with some of the best guacamole I've had in the Tampa Bay area. Unfortunately we didn't have room for dessert, but next time I'll lay off the chips to ensure I do! With churros, sopapilla, flan and fried ice cream on the menu, how could you NOT order something to try?In the end we will most definitely be back to Senor Tequila! The prices were great, loved the atmosphere, and the food? Well, it may be one of our new favorite Mexican places in town!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,4/15/2014,30,247,8,9,4>This place is fantastic if you live in the area, and still very good if you're visiting from out of town.  Coming from Tampa?  PROTIP - don't stop in Gibsonton.  Us Gulf-side Floridians know the manatee drill, but for you out of towners, come on days when it's cold (60s is cold down here, and stop blathering about the snow where you're from) or right after if you want to see the cows.  The wooden pier-boardwalk area gets crowded quick, but it's well worth it.  The north end overlooks a very shallow area where you'll almost always see sharks, if you're tired of looking at manatees.  And be sure to check directly under the pier too!  Ever seen a 9-foot tarpon?  He's closer than you think.The 900 foot walkway goes through classic gulf coast coastal berm area, Koppen classification Cfa (finally, my enviro degree put to good use!), so you'll see mangroves, fiddler crabs, and probably some birds.  There are marsh hares there too, but you probably won't see them.  The walkway goes out to the discharge canal, so keep your eyes open.  Eagle rays and spinner sharks jump out of the water relatively frequently.  Tarpon, jack, and sheepshead are common.  You may even see a manatee, go figure.Yes, we know there's a power plant there, and yes, we know the loudspeakers spout propaganda.  But all this stuff is completely free, so pipe down.  Open 11/1 - 4/15.  The place gets EXTREMELY busy around the holidays, so get there early for parking.  And say hi to me!  I'm there all the time.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,4/14/2014,181,241,7,9,6>FREAKING AWESOME!!I stopped in on a Thursday to order some chocolate covered berries for my girl Jennie W's birthday. While I was there, I tried out some things and took home a few things...which were promptly gone by the end of the night. So good.The owner was amazingly friendly and accomodating and really does an awesome job with quality presentation and creative products for delish chocolatey gifts. I was able to sample white, milk, and dark chocolates in all kinds of formats. They have dollar daily specials (choc covered pretzels for a GEORGE WASHINGTON?! YEEAHHHH). This is a happy place, full of quality, flavor, and customer satisfaction.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,4/13/2014,16,78,14,12,6>This place is fantastic.  Be prepared to spend more for your experience than a normal movie theater, but if you are going out in Hyde Park, you likely aren't pinching pennies.  A few of the perks of Cinebistro over a regular movie theater:1) Reserved leather seats.  Ottomans in the front row are for suckers - the secret is that if the theater your movie is in has a "Row G" on Fandango then book it because that row also has ottomans!  I already regret sharing this information.2) Much better than average food.  I expected some kind of fake gourmet food, but they actually have a chef and take pride in their food.  Some of the menu items are definite misses (see popcorn shrimp and salads), but others are very good (burger, veggie burger, fig and brie flatbread, sweet potato fries).3) They don't gouge you on everything.  Sodas are $3 with unlimited refills.  They will give you free ice water if you ask in a regular sized glass (32 oz.).  4) No one under 21/Enforced dress code/Swift "kick out" policy for talkers.  I love the 21+ rule.  It stems from them serving booze, but I have never seen anyone even close to 21 there.  Mostly it is 30-40 year olds who like to drink their wine and swerve back home to their South Tampa bungalow.  The dress code is enforced, but you could wear jeans and a t-shirt and be fine.  I wouldn't wear a jersey or baggy clothes and expect to get in.  Finally, although I've never complained, they advertise a kick out policy for any chatty Kathys.  Sometimes these cougars get some wine in them and want to talk about how many times they've been to Blue Martini this week during the movie.  I appreciate the attempt to scare these people into silence.The only negative is that you do have some residual noise of the clink-clank of knife and fork on plate during the first 15-30 mins of the movie.  However, I will gladly have this over kids throwing gummi bears and using laser pointers at the screen.  Ah, so this is how it feels to get old and cranky.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,4/12/2014,98,105,3,5,5>Calling all fans of Nacho Libre. If you're in St. Pete, this is a fun spot with great ambience, food and close to local bars. If the weather is nice, the outside area is the place to eat. Enjoy the fresh air with a margarita and some duck tacos. The only downside is, no flour tortillas. If you're like me, I'm not a fan of the corn tortillas so I just dig forthe goodness inside. Bartenders are always great outside too. You can tell (I could be wrong) that they enjoy working there and always have the best suggestions whether you're looking for a refreshing beverage or grub.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/7/2013,129,98,2,7,4>I went to Inkwood Books for the first time last week for a book launch party for Kristen Simmons. My sister-in-law, a book blogger, invited me along. She had been to Inkwood before and said I would like it. She was right.What's better thana bookstore? A quaint little bookstore in an old house in Hyde Park. I love the feel of this store, the little rooms and hallways, all lined with books. On this particular night, it was filled with readers there for the book launch. I can't wait to go back to Inkwood again and browse some more. They had a section on local history books that caught my eye. I'll be back!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,4/6/2013,192,203,4,10,6>By far the best brunch I've had in Tampa. 12 friends and I came here to fest and celebrate my 30th. This restaurant is right on the water and every seat has a fantastic view of the water. When we were there the restaurant was beautifully decorated for the holidays and even had fireplaces lit throughout the restaurant.  Brunch is $35 which may seem expensive but trust me it's worth it. Brunch includes a complete buffet with craving stations, sushi, hot lunch/breakfast selections, a massive selection of pastries and desserts, an array of seafood, chocolate fountain and my favorite made to order omelets, pasta and banana fosters. In addition you get unlimited mimosas and blood mary's. The brunch buffet also includes unlimited a la carte small plate orders which change monthly. When we were there they featured: Belgian waffles, French toast, blintz, baked ziti, coconut curry chicken and poached egg n'awlins. The food was amazing but what really made this a great experience was our hilarious sever Sandy. When we sat down is immediately got us drinks and ordered us 2 rounds of the a la carte selections. She was really friendly and fun. She insisted I keep drinking champagne and told me to get crazy, since it was my birthday. I highly recommend checking this place out for brunch. I can't wait to go back for the food , booze, service and view.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,4/5/2013,116,159,4,4,4>Very surprising that this local's favorite only has one other Yelp review. What's not surprising is that it's a five-star review by THE 2012 Yelp Rookie of the Year, do you know who he is! Amazing.Forget Subway or Quiznos, this place is the shizzz (remember, extra "z's" mean it's extra special). Not to mention, your food will probably taste even better knowing you didn't have to decided between paying your electric bill versus eating here. Great prices! I think the money they saved on leaving off the "c" in "shack" was passed onto the customers. How thoughtful!Haven't had anything not super delish. But, here are some highlights:- Meatball Sub- Tuna Sub- The Marathon: so good! Yes, happy to say, I've done a "marathon"!This is the type of eatery every local should know of to help support - which it isn't hard to eat great food.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,4/4/2013,122,103,3,8,6>Wow is all I can really say right now. One of the best things about living in Ybor city is our close proximity to amazing restaurants. With that said, we've gotten a little bored after living here for a year and a half. We are always looking for a new great find. And boy did we find it today at lunch.I randomly stumbled across Istanblu Restaurant and Bar which is located in the old Sunday's Fine Dining Restaurant. When we walked in at lunch, we were the only table. We were told they were in the process of their soft opening and not yet advertising. I was beyond impressed with the result. My boyfriend and I split the Mixed Grill Kebabs which I will suggest to anyone trying out Turkish food for the first time so you get to try a little of everything. Our plate consisted of Doner (homemade Gyro), Chicken Shish Kebab (Tavuk Shish), Adana Kebab (chopped lamb), Beef Tenderloin Shish Kebab and Chicken Chops. This was served with rice and grilled tomatoes.I can honestly say that this may be my new favorite restaurant in Ybor City. The flavors were incredible. The atmosphere was amazing. It was romantic and trendy. Over the next few weeks, they will have live music and belly dancers. We are looking forward to our next visit and I encourage all you Yelpers to give this place a try.  I want to see this restaurant succeed.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/2/2013,159,231,4,5,7>Really excited to move over to Seminole Heights so I can become a regular here!I was expecting a total dive based on what it looks like from the outside, but it's actually really nice inside. It's clean and the decor is tasteful yet hits just the right amount of the "mermaid" theme.The crowd here is a good mix, with the obligatory hipster crew, older people, and some people like me (read: uncool people). I drank wine while I was here thanks to this stupid diet I'm on, but they have an amazing beer selection. My bottle of wine was only $21, too. I love that they have a selection of games you can play. Unfortunately, Connect Four looks like it's been through a war and we were unable to play it, but Jenga kept my drinking mate and me highly entertained.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,4/1/2013,54,87,2,3,2>I love Dolins. This is our local garden shop.I am NOT a gardener, planter, farmer, green-thumb, naturey person or anything of that sort. I tried, in vain, a half dozen or more times when we lived in NY to grow an herb garden. Nothing lived beyond a week, and nothing grew well enough to use for cooking.Now we live in warm sunny Florida, and the friendly owner of Dolins helped me select plants that would grow well on our patio, and get all the tools I needed to set everything up. He was knowledgeable and kind to a complete novice.It has been two weeks and everything is alive and thriving! Personal best! We will continue to patronize this place while we live in the area. They have a fantastic selection of indoor plants, good edibles, and some lovely containers, pottery, chimes, and fountains.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,3/31/2013,14,57,2,4,2>The food was delicious and the iPad menus were really cool!I liked all how you could view the menu on an Ipad and flip through and see pictures of what you were ordering before you decided. I didn't realize you placed your order on the iPad too! that was really neat! There were a ton of food choices and everything looked really good. I chose the 1/2 soup and 1/2 sandwich. I had the tomato bisque as my soup, which was really good, and the grilled chicken sandwich, which was also amazing. The sandwich was pressed and so full of flavor. The chicken was really moist and so good. For dessert we had pumpkin cannoli, which was an amazing seasonal treat. A lunch for two, including one glass of wine, two lunch entrees, and one dessert was all under $30. Not a bad price for such a nice restaurant with delicious food. I would definitely recommend Carmel Cafe!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,3/29/2013,44,135,6,16,5>Things are heating up in St. Pete over the best cuban sandwich...we now have a new contender. Tia's be thy name.As usual with trying new latin food places, I typically bring my other foodie friends with me from work and 2 are from a Spanish heritage and have feasted on many traditional homemade-grandma style food at home. (I'm so jealous of them). We were drawn in by the lure of a new cuban and boy did this place deliver. (And they do deliver too btw) Excellently seasoned roast pork (pulled, not sliced),  the perfect amount of ham (I hate when places overdo this to cover up their lack of pork) and all the other fixin's. Two words: De Lish. It was pressed just right, warm throughout the sandwich (hate the cold center at other places). Pretty much, the best we've had in the area in awhile (Since Nita's closed). -pic attachedHow can we go to a new place and just try the cuban? We can't. On of my spanish friends ordered the roast chicken which he described as being "fall-off-the-bone-good" and all meals are served w/ two sides...he got yellow rice and black beans and said everything was on par with how his grandmother would have made it. -pic attachedThe rest of us got the roast pork (how could you not?!?!) and it was juicy, fresh, seasoned just right and tasted so good that I'm having a Pavlovian response right now just thinking about it. I had split the cuban and the pork with a friend so we could try both. We got the yellow rice and red beans. Now, a note on the yellow rice...it's not just yellow...its almost like yellow "dirty" rice...the kind you get at home with a bit of sausage and other bits in it to add some more flavor. Oh so good. -pic attachedAll-in-all we all gave this place a huge thumbs up and will definitely be returning. Not to mention trying their breakfast burrito's which if they're half as good as the other things we had, we'll be in for a treat.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/28/2013,112,118,3,4,3>LOVE this place! The yellow curry with chicken was so delicious, I wished I could never stop eating it.The whole establishment sits in the crook of a stairway, and you'll never find it unless you're a fan of the Ale & The Witch, a craft beer bar which occupies the upper courtyard adjacent. When there is live music, you get the boomy, washed out sounds of the bands filtering down over you as you consume your awesome Thai deliciousness.The phos are also all excellent. They have several outdoor tables, and a few tucked inside. Somehow, they make their space work. But the food on the plates is the attraction. If you like Thai - and who doesn't, really? - then you really should track this hidden gem down.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,3/27/2013,221,240,2,5,2>YUM! I visited Holy Hog for the first time yesterday and got my food to go, as I was on the way home. Being a first timer anywhere, I always like to get as much variety as possible to get a good guage of the quality of food. And that I did!I ordered the burnt ends, mac and cheese, baked beans, and an apple crisp. The burnt ends were SO flavorful, albeit a little on the dry side. But they're called burnt ends for a reason, right? Next time I'll try to pulled pork sandwich, as that's pretty much how I compare BBQ restaurants, but this time I couldn't pass up the burnt ends- not easy to find in Tampa!As for the sides, the baked beans were literally the best baked beans I have had anywhere ever. I could eat a huge bowl of them by themselves. They weren't just beans in BBQ sauce. Oh no, they were this magically sweet and smoky layered flavor bowl of wonderful. The apple crisp was really good as well, but nothing to write home about. The mac and cheese was the only disappointment, as it usually is at BBQ restaurants. Why do BBQ joints have such a hard time with mac and cheese? I have no idea. It was delightfully cheesey (nothing is worse than uncheesey mac and cheese), but under salted and the noodles were a bit mushy. Overall, a four star experience with the definite potential to be the best BBQ restaurant in Tampa. Can't wait to go back and try a few more things!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,9/10/2014,110,75,3,8,6>If you are not familiar with this Asian chain, I highly suggest taking them for a spin.  Like their larger known sister store, P. F. Changs, they offer traditional dishes served in a quicker and lower end neighborhood style restaurant.  I'm not typically a huge fan of greasy asian fare, but there are a few select items at Pei Wei that I absolutely crave.  One of those items is the Caramel Chicken.  The chicken is glazed with a  caramel chile sauce, and served over rice with chunks of pineapple, ginger, garlic, lemongrass, mint.  It's also served with an Asian slaw with cilantro.  The combination of flavors is wonderful and I thoroughly enjoy it.  I predominately order it with a few egg rolls, which can be very greasy, and an order of chicken fried rice.  My husband loves the, ever popular, chicken fried rice.  Another thing that I really love about Pei Wei is that they offer many choices when ordering.  There is always the option to order brown rice, which I like to do, and there's many menu items available in vegetarian style.  Overall, I am a huge fan of this establishment.  As a note:   Even though the takeout does take longer than some expect, the food and price makes it worthwhile.  I suggest ordering online or calling in to place your order.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,9/9/2014,156,155,3,5,6>My love and I decided to make the trek out and try this locals place! It's like a Mel's Diner and everyone is as great as Alice.  The servers were literally greeting their favorite customers with hugs and kisses and it was SO awesome and foreign to see that anymore.  We ordered eggs benny $9, croissant french toast $7, croissant sandwich with eggs,brie and ham $7, and a half order of biscuits and gravy $4.  When our server delivered our food, she set it down and whispered playfully, "You should be ashamed of yourselves."  The thing is...we weren't!  Not even a little bit!The eggs benny were fine, nothing awesome, but more than I would make at home.  The Croissant sandwich was really truly delicious.  But the croissant french toast was awesome. Why hadn't I thought of that before?  The gravy on the biscuit was thick and chunky and yummy.Go here. Eat too much.You'll be glad you did.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,9/8/2014,40,227,3,4,4>My friend and I were headed to a charity event for work and we were early and this place caught our eye so we thought that we would stop in and try it; and i"m glad we did!The inside looks almost as if it is something that you would fine in NYC. Its small quaint, has a lot of wine and looks almost like a mini wine boutique. It has a small bar inside and some decent sized tables. We opted to sit outside since the weather was nice.The lady who was working brought us two wine menus, and WOW! what and extensive by the glass list! She said they had about 200. I didn't count them but it was for sure a lot. One thing I really liked is that they had done their wine menu by price per glass. I've never seen it done this way but I kind of liked it!My friend ordered the Cryptic and it was amazing! I ordered the 'wine on nitro' and it was less then desirable. I don't know if it was the nirtro or the wine being bad or me. We didn't order any food.Despite the wonky wine I ordered, I willl definitely be back to try it again!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,9/7/2014,112,184,2,4,5>I had heard good things about this place.  I went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and was pleased with the beer and the beer selection, the food, and the service.  Located a little mall on 4th Street north of Gandy Boulevard and I had no idea this place or even the mall was there.  I believe with this place in the area it will get more recognition.  The environment is open and spacious with tables inside and out plus plenty of bar room.  They offer plenty of options for beer both bottled and tap including a self-serve tap area.  I counted approximately 20 beers on tap and at least as many on the bottle menu.   Aside from the obvious taps they had the brew vats visible which gave it a brewery tasting feel.  The bar was covered with copper and did not have that cumbersome edge that you have to reach over which I thought was complimentary to the patrons assuming we were not going to spill our beer.  The only thing that I wish they had was a foot rail which would have added to the comfort of sitting at the bar.I kept myself to two beers, believe me in this place it is tough, the first was the Abita Turbodog and the second was the Red Brick Sacred Cow.  The Abita was a Northern English Brown Ale (5.6%) and included caramel and chocolate malts which embellished these flavors in the aftertaste.  The Sacred Cow was a sweet stout (6%) that was reminiscent of guiness with an emphasis on the sweet.  Both were served cold and even for the bottled beer I was provided a glass.   On my next visit I plan on at least trying the Hard Root Beer.  Sounds like a plan.Well if you are seeing comfort food you don't have to limit yourself to beer here; they have other food groups (besides beer) that are what I would call comfort food.  They have a small menu but probably appropriate for a tasting house which included barbeque and wings along with sides like mac n' cheese, baked beans, coleslaw, collard greens, etc.  All are "al a carte" so you don't have to order big to get that one comfort food you are jonesing for.  I tried the pulled pork with bread on the side, mac n' cheese, and collard greens.  I was sold the moment I saw collard greens!  The pork was warm and tender with the ends having a texture you might get with brisket (which they serve); this was served with a tangy sauce that really got the barbeque flavor going.  The mac n' cheese was actually shells and had a baked crust.  It was cheesy only in flavor not really gooey but very good.  The collards were unique they had a sour vinegary taste that said don't stop eating.The service was very good.  Although I was not there at a peak time which may be different.  Every question was answered in detail.  When it appeared I was in doubt they were quick to offer a sample.  When the glass was empty it was not long before I getting a refill.  I would recommend this place for a happy hour group meeting. Very nice place. I plan on going back.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,9/6/2014,57,254,1,6,4>Loved this place. The atmosphere is amazing once it warms up it will be even better.  The tiki hut is perfect and is right along the water with lots of games sand fire pits and heaters for the cold nights.  They also had a variety of live music going on while we were there.  Also after some sort of mishap drinks were free for opening weekend. ..awesome!! They have some type of really good mixed drink which will be on the menu once they open completely and it is amazing.  I want to say it was rum oj and something else but whatever it was it was amazing. Brandon and I are definitely fans and will be back once it warms up. I was very thankful for the heaters they had outside on Saturday it was a little chilly for me. There was also alot of kids so playing any of the games they had was impossible but I think it was only because of the children's parade and people stopped in for the grand opening so I'm sure it will be even better next time. Can't wait to go back this summer.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,9/5/2014,289,123,4,5,6>I finally made it to Boca this past weekend. After countless times of driving my, I made plans with two of my friends and we enjoyed a late afternoon of appetizers and cocktails. Since we were there just before dinner, we were not able to order off the dinner menu but that was fine since the three of us wanted to try a few dishes and chat. One of my favorites was the Heirloom Caprese which is a gorgeous array of heirloom cherry tomatoes, burrata cheese, torn basil and balsamic vinaigrette. I can't resist a dish with burrata and this salad did not disappoint. We also had the Organic Spinach Salad which combines a goat cheese croquette, oven-dried grapes, toasted almonds, warm apples and Boca bacon vinaigrette. Another incredible salad, I enjoyed each and every bite, especially the goat cheese croquette. My friend Jennifer had dined at Boca before and raved about their Fried Green Tomatoes, so I just had to order them. Topped with house pimiento cheese, tomato jam and Boca bacon, they were sensational. Each bite was a savory blend of the hot, tart and juicy tomato that was cooled with the smoky tomato jam and pimiento. The bacon was an added bonus to this stellar dish. My favorite of the night was their Napa + Salinas Flatbread. As a Northern California native that grew up in the middle of both towns, I was excited to try this flatbread which is topped with herbed goat cheese, wild arugula, roasted grapes and smoked vidalia onion jam. It was a perfect homage to these two fantastic towns and the flavors were simple intoxicating.I will be back very soon!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,9/4/2014,117,304,3,6,4>Despite the fact the food is greasy, the restaurant "ramshackle", and the service sometimes curt...Skipper's gets five stars as the ultimate hybrid "restaurant + live music venue".As a live venue alone - 4 stars --- as a restaurant alone, 3 stars...but combined...it's just a unique, amazing experience well worth 5 stars.Protip - if you plan on eating here the night of a big show, plan on a 45-60 minute wait before you will receive your grub.Great prices, huge portions, loud music with room to dance, good beer selection and bartenders who serve FAST. A night spent at Skipper's is a night well spent!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,9/3/2014,104,138,3,4,4>I really like this place. I'm lucky that it is just a short walk form my apartment in lovely Seminole Heights. First of all, it's famous, not only did Parent Trap 2 film a scene there, but The King himself, Elvis has eaten there. They have the booth where he sat dedicated to him! It's a classic diner, it's not too fancy, so in my opinion it's perfect. I've had breakfast and dinner there and both times, the service was great and the food came out rather quickly. They have a good amount of Greek food (my favorite) so you have a variety of choices. Last but not least, the main thing you have to remember about this establishment is that you need to have cash. It's old school so cards are not accepted. But don't worry, they have an ATM in the building!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,9/2/2014,30,247,1,5,2>Swung in to check it out, and left very excited to come in here again.  All sorts of beers, divided by region of the US, and a big import wall.  Cooler in the back, if you need something cold quick.  They're running a promo on Sam Adams right now, but since I have enough pint glasses, I passed on that.  But they'll give you a quick tour, which is super helpful.  But that selection is killer!  Though nowhere near Total Wine in size, the selection is off the charts good.  I found a beer I could only buy in Texas (St. Arnold, Houston) and a few Stone beers I was unfamiliar with - something that doesn't happen all too often.  I literally had to leave before I looked at the whole place, or I'd have spent wayyy too much money.  They also have a point system which gets you discounts and rewards and stuff.This place is great, and my new go-to for craft beers.  Excellent job, and I know I'll be back soon.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,9/1/2014,70,258,2,3,3>Great theater for a concert but I feel like they misrepresented their in-house food options.First time seeing Queens of the Stone Age, absolutely loved it. Five rows from the stage so can't comment on the acoustics - just loud :) Easy to get here, easy parking, friendly staff.Lopping a star off because of food (lack thereof). The Mahaffey sent me an email a week before the show which boasted all of the local restaurants, which would even deliver to the theater (if you ordered five days ahead). They also advertised that The Moon Under Water, a local spot, would be serving food. Great, I thought - I would be coming from Brandon and picking someone up along the way, so he could just go right to the theater and get dinner and not worry about being late if we stopped for food.Once we were inside, we were disappointed to find that MUW was only serving two things - curry chicken and rice and cheesecake. I had the curry chicken and rice, which was tasty and only $6, but my friend wasn't feeling it and went without the entire night. The only other options inside were snacks from the bar. While this is not surprising - many of these venues are not outfitted with sports-level concessions - I just feel like the offering of MUW were oversold by the theater. To me, there's a big difference between "serving up choice items from their menu" (their words) and "serving two things from catering trays" (reality). Not the fault of MUW, enjoyed the food and wouldn't want to convey ill will towards the establishment.Tl;dr - enjoyable venue, will return, eat beforehand.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,2/23/2012,201,321,4,7,4>Today's episode of "Cuban Hunters" takes place at Wright's Gourmet House.  Apparently a Tampa icon that has somehow escaped my almost 20 years of Tampa dining, Wright's is a very popular deli and bakery. Judging from the what seemed like 10 people behind the counter, this place rocks. They have all sorts of baked goodies, like cookies, brownies, cakes and breads.  But I am here for one reason today.  The Cuban sandwich.  They boast being a six time winner of the All-Tampa Cuban Sandwich contest from the Tampa Tribune.  I am going to put that statement to the test!I split a Cuban with a friend of mine, as this Cuban quest is starting to pack the pounds. These things are huge!  I took a pic of my Cuban with a small cole slaw, and that was just half!  The bread was amazing.  The pork was thinly sliced, and it was moist and delicious.  The pork to ham ratio seemed about right.  It was well toasted, served without lettuce or tomato. Wright's scores!  This is definitely one of the best Cubans I've had in Tampa. It easily glides onto my list of best Cubans in Tampa Bay.  I am really baffled by the negative reviews their Cuban has gotten.  I guess different strokes for different folks,  I thought their bread was fresh and crispy from being pressed, and the meats were juicy and flavorful.  It's hard to tell from the pictures of my open sandwich, but this is definitely a high quality Cuban.  Maybe I got lucky with the sandwich chef on duty.  Who knows.The atmosphere is casual with about 15 tables of four and some tables outside.  The crowd moves quickly through the checkout.  There is staff constantly cleaning and making sure everything is ok.  It's a bit higher scale than your average sandwich shop.  I noticed you can also call ahead your order.  I noticed a lot of people coming in for pickup.  I can't believe I've missed this place all these years.  Thank you fellow Yelpers!  Another great Tampa treasure discovered (at least by me).  This is as good as it gets!I'm coming back for one of those cakes...
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,2/22/2012,119,371,,9,4>I really don't know where to start. You will be greeted in a warm Hawaiian way! Suffice to say, it can be very tasty and fun to eat healthy! Breakfast choices include Oatmeal Pancakes, (try the Organic Macadamia Nut Sauce as a change from Maple Syrup), the Loco Moco (a bowl with your choice of Basmati brown rice or Jasmine white rice with a lean free range buffalo patty, an organic egg over easy,  grilled onions and smothered with brown gluten free gravy!), the turkey omelette is great, and the Haole breakfast will satisfy any guest who is not in the mood to be adventurous. But I suggest you explore. The menu is healthy comfort food with smoothies to match. I go every Sunday as it is only 5 minutes from where I live. I know, it's rough. Did I mention Hula and Drum shows on the weekends? BUT, if you are in the area, you must try Ohana!  Teresa is such a gracious owner/host and "Mom" is so delightful that you will keep wanting to come back for the warm fuzzies! A-LO-ha!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,2/21/2012,134,672,,5,3>Well deserved, high ratings. This is best in the class of Irish pubs in my rankings too.    A Tampa institution close to downtown, as opposed to the SoHo Irish bar wannabe's, and the authenticity just starts with the Thatched roof.  This pub is staffed by Irish publicans, who undoubtedly all have their green cards, tinted by a Magic Marker.  The Guinness, Harp, Bass and other draft pints are fresh & well poured. Interior decor attests to the rich history and deep roots of this place....visited by Sinead O'Connor,  Jerry Adams, many Irish/Kelt bands, IRA fundraisers (not to be confused with domestic Re-publicans)... and just waiting for the first Irish Pope.  Meanwhile they are frequented by the running club on Tuesdays (best for pedestrians to avoid),  business honchos, partially owned  (previously?) by current US Attorney, the Sacred Heart St. Vincent de Paul "Vinnies,' cops, firefighters, soccer/rugby fans, lots of local regulars and a few tourists.  Not a college haunt.   Nice that they have replaced the tattered wicker-back chairs with some solid ones that should last another 30 years.. The pub grub menu offered here are solid Irish standards, Shepherd's Pie, potato/leek soup, fish and chips and a great smoked salmon spread served nicely with chopped onions, capers & toast points (my recurring order).   Dense Irish bread is available upon request. Occasional evening entertainment, maintaining the Irish mood, or canned Irish music.  It is permitted to cry in your beer over the lamented loss of the Ulster Counties, sundering one of the 4 Green Fields that are the entirety of Ireland. (26 + 6 = 1  right?)
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,2/20/2012,25,77,,4,3>Some of the best restaurants in Tampa Bay aren't in the city or near one of our major attractions. They're tucked away in small neighborhoods or line the nearby beaches. Gulfport is a small, artsy community right on the water that has a distinct Key West feel. There's an Art Walk twice per month on the first Fridays and third Saturdays that energizes a vibrant art community, and gives visitors yet another reason to explore the shops and galleries of the village's downtown.O'Maddy's, located at 5405 Shore Boulevard South is a great place to eat and soak up that Gulfport atmosphere. The clientele is an eclectic mix of retirees from the over-55 communities that dot the St. Petersburg area, members of the local art scene in classic tie-dye, the occasional biker family out for dinner and tourists lucky enough to stumble upon this casual dining spot.The first thing that will strike you when you arrive at O'Maddy's is the location. Perched on the corner right across from a long pier out into the water, you are immediately immersed into Florida beach life.Sip your Margarita while sailboats pass by. Enjoy the live music provided by a bearded duo that looks like they just hopped off the beach, grabbed a guitar and mic and started singing. Jimmy Buffet music part of every set, of course. Don't sit on the inside! Enjoy the water views and the noisy, friendly crowd around the bar by grabbing a table on the front deck or along the sidewalk.Make sure you sit with a view!After your meal, wander out onto the pier and feel like your sailing along yourself. Or watch one of the many local artists paint their next seascape.Attire - most places in the Tampa Bay area are casual, and O'Maddy's is no exception. The combination of the beach vibe and big screen TV sports bar combination makes it easy to choose what to wear. Anything that keeps you cool in the summer and warm in the winter. During our recent visit for a Saturday night dinner there was everything from jeans & t-shirts to bikinis and cover ups.Menu - You can plan on spending $15 per meal here, not including the adult beverages of your choice. But even those can be a deal as we were offered Crowne & Coke "samples" as we enjoyed the sunset. There is a good selection of seafood and burgers, but even a nice option or two for us vegetarians could be found. The Stuffed Portabello and Gouda Mashed potatoes were excellent!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,2/19/2012,204,405,2,8,4>Got home from a 2 week trip to the midwest where I ate at 3 BBQ restaurants.   I still needed a BBQ fix and my area has few choices, so a quick internet search of the best BBQ in Tampa quickly yielded Poppa's as a standout place.  It was a 35 minute drive, but definitely worth the trip!Poppa's can be easy to miss if you're going south on 49th St. N, as it's a small building right on the corner, and the sign faces a bit more towards the northbound traffic.  The easy way to spot it is it's across the street from Smitty's Restaurant, and the pit is located in a small screened-in shed right out front on the corner..  If all else fails, just drive slow, roll your windows down and let your BBQ hound nose lead you towards the that rich, smoky goodness!IMO, Poppa's is a classic BBQ joint (in this case, serving Memphis-style Q).   For me, it gets 5 stars for atmosphere for authenticity alone.   If you need sit-down service from a waitress at a bunch of tables, go to a chain BBQ place and you'll get their standardized offerings served in a corporation's idea of what a BBQ joint should be.   I try my best to avoid chains and frequent the great local 'Q joints, as inevitably, I seem to find better tasting food.  Poppa's is no exception.  I spoke briefly with Poppa himself. and all he wanted to talk about was how could he make his product better.  As great as his food is, this is a pitmaster who's passionate about making the best BBQ he can. At a place like Poppa's, you go for the food, not the building/room.  Seating is limited to about 6 small tables inside and two picnic tables outside.  Fortunately I was there a bit after lunch time and found a short line for placing an order at the counter.  Not a problem at all though as Poppa's has about the fastest service time I've ever experienced in a BBQ joint.  By the time I grabbed my drink out of the cooler (a nice surprise is the drink is included in the price) and placed it on my table, they were calling my name.  Wow, if only service at every restaurant was this fast.I got the large pulled pork sandwich combo and 3 ribs. The pulled pork was first rate, very good flavor and just the right level of tenderness, with a nice blend of smoke and spice.  The serving of pork on the sandwich was huge and filling.  The ribs were very full and meaty, with a nice smoke ring and flavor.  Neither really needed any sauce, but like all great BBQ joints, Poppa's appears to make their own and it tasted so good I used it on everything, including the ribs.   I'm not a potato salad or slaw guy, so I got BBQ beans for both of my sides, and I was rewarded with a combination of great flavor and sauce.Thanks goodness I don't live closer, as I would likely be eating at Poppa's way too much,   I will be back.Atmosphere:  5Food:  5Value:  5Service:  5
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,2/16/2012,44,135,8,7,5>Lunch Review.This place had 13 reviews and no pictures? Don't worry, I got you covered...pics added!This was my first time here and found it via the iPhone app b/c our intended location was packed and this was close enough. Props to iPhone app!On to the review. None of the 4 of us had ever been here before and were intrigued to try a new spot for lunch.Decor: Nice, modern, think olive garden mixed w/ courtside grille. Wooden tables, chairs, and booths. Large bar and "shared" large table near bar.Waitress was very pleasant, and definitely seasoned. Our drinks were served fast, consistently filled, dinner rolls were given promptly and our orders were spot-on.  She also split the bills w/o huffing and puffing.I'm not going to speak on the other meals, although they're included in the pictures; but mine was the chicken parm hero. It was very tasty. Marinara was rich, mozzarella was liberally applied (mmm) and chicken was tender and breaded perfectly served on a warm roll that was so soft and just a welcome addition to my experience (hate stale rolls for subs/hero's). The fries were very good too. But honestly, who serves fries at an italian place? I know it's lunch...but come on.Price: Generally, at Italian places, the price for a chicken parm hero/sub vs a chicken parm plate/meal is lower. It was here...but $9.95 for the plate and $9.75 for the hero...huh? Yea, that's what I said. I got an iced tea..$2.55. I'm probably not the first one to say this, and I know this is where restaurants make most of their money...but $2.55, to me, is a lot for an iced tea. But at least it wasn't $3.50 like some other places I've gone. Summary: pricey for lunch for a sub and a drink. Though it was especially good and was a sit-down restaurant, still expensive for lunch. $15 and some change w/ tip & taxFWIW, my dining companions also thought all the other dishes (pictured!) were done better than most other Italian restaurants around. But, they too agreed, it was a bit pricey for lunch.Side note of a bit of curiousness. I'm 5'9" and for the first time was not tall enough for the urinal...this definitely through me off and I chuckled to myself about how ridiculous I must look.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,2/15/2012,1704,830,3,6,5>Why 4 stars?  Because it's one of my favorite spots in Ybor.   ---   ---   --- My favorite thing to order is a Peanut Butter Bar.  This is a very simple item to prepare, but it always seems to satisfy that craving you just can't put your finger on.It's a pressed Hawaiian Sweet Roll with peanut butter and all kinds of fruit and toppings you can choose from to put in the middle.  I like to order fluff, creamy PB, grapes, strawberries and banana.  I thoroughly enjoy this.Their regular entrees are solid, but not phenomenal in my opinion.  I am sure if I were vegan/vegetarian, I could possibly bump them up to 5 stars...but I love cow too much.  There are some things with meat on the menu, but they are in the minority.The crowd is very hipster, it's a cool place to hang out if that's your scene.  They also have a decent selection of beer.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,2/14/2012,126,48,1,3,2>Definitely get here before noon or after 1:30! It it BUSY during the lunch hour - for a good reason! I didn't check in as many times as I should have, but when I worked downtown I would eat here at least once a week and never had a bad meal.My favorite here is the Calabrese panini. It has salami, huge chunks of mozzarella and tomato with their house made vinaigrette and olive tapanade. It's a big sandwich, but I can't resist getting the tzatziki with their warm fresh pita. I suggest getting extra pita - it's a large portion, too. I tried a bite of my friend's chicken fontina panini as well, and it was delish!Like I mentioned, it gets busy during lunch hour, and there are only about five tables inside and maybe six outside. If you find a place outside on Franklin street, it's pretty quiet and you're not bothered by all the downtown traffic noise. If you haven't given this a try - I would absolutely recommend Paninoteca next time you're downtown!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,2/13/2012,336,610,,9,1>I have gone to a few vets since I have gotten Mocha. This place has been the most impressive. Mocha was limping, and I called this vet because of recommendations from people where I live. I wanted a vet with a warm heart, someone who seemed genuine, detail oriented, and took time for my puppy, as well as my questions that I had.I called here, and the dr actually answered the phone. When does that ever happen. I let him know what was going on, and we were able to get an appt right away.Once we got there, the first person we met was very nice and helpful.  Our 2nd person Erin, you can tell she loved animals and made sure that Mocha was comfortable, as well as listened to my concern.Once Dr. Thivierge came in, he made sure to take his time with Mocha. Make sure that he was okay, and let me know the appropriate plan of action which was perfect.I really was happy with the experience here, and I felt that Mocha was too. He is usually hiding behind me if he doesn't like something.I would recommend others to check this vet out, and see for yourself.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,2/12/2012,379,222,5,6,7>Oh my word, I love this place. I go on average once a week. It's just down the way from work and the lunch buffet is not only fairly priced but DELICIOUS. Services can be a little slow, but if you give them a heads up that you're on a schedule they are pretty accommodating.Negatives? As my complaint is with most American restaurants there's not enough spice. No heat. And being buffet style you can't help that, but either way, I love the food.Also- ENDLESS NAAN?!?! That's winning on all levels! It's what Charlie Sheen would ask for if he ate here! DUH! BOOM! WINNING!Anyway, I would, and do, recommend this place to anyone looking for Indian in the Brandon area.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,8/21/2014,111,336,2,8,5>I first found out about Petra after seeing multiple photos pop up on my feed. The food looked phenomenal, but it's seriously almost an hour drive for me (even more if it's a weekday during traffic). I made my way up there a few weeks ago for the first time and the only thing I can say is... Wow. I had to go a second time to make sure it wasn't a fluke. I mean, I was also dreaming of the white sauce, but more on that later.They're located on Busch in a plaza next to a hookah lounge. The exterior is nothing to write home about, nor is the interior. It's clean, minimally decorated, and has some TVs set up on a column in the middle of the dining area. The service has been pretty good both times I went. I never felt like I was checked on too much (you know that feeling when a server wants you to leave...) but I never found myself wanting anything for too long. Meals do take a bit to come out, but almost immediately after ordering we got pickled veggies and warm pita to hold us over. Pickles were never really my thing, but both my lunch-mates had good things to say about them.Now, on to the food. I had the Nabulsi fried cheese as a starter, and good grief was it amazing. It was chewy, crispy, and salty... I had no idea what I was getting into when we ordered it but I'm so glad we made the decision to give it a shot. I hate to admit it, but I could probably eat that nonstop for a month. For meals, I've had both the spicy Turkish kebab and the kofta kebab in the restaurant. Both of them were wonderful with somewhat different flavors. I also picked sides of hummus and their salad each time. The hummus is awesome. It's not as thin as what you get at Cedar Market, but it's not really thick like some of the others I've had. Nice amount of garlic, and it's always plated nicely. The standard salad is a chopped cucumber and tomato mixture. This is close to what was referred to as a shepherd's salad when I was in Turkey. I'm pretty sure all their meals come with the mystery white sauce too. That little plastic container on the side is full of magic and needs to be liberally applied to everything. I also ordered some felafel to go on one of these trips, but I was in too much of a food coma afterwards to try one fresh and hot. I tried one cold and was sad (sidenote: I'm not even a fan of felafel but I figured I should try theirs), but when I reheated them in a toaster oven and threw it in some warmed up pita with the accompanying salad it was actually really good. And again, I don't even order it on a norm because it's not really my thing. So, in conclusion, I have found yet another place I wish was on my side of the bridge. It brought up feelings of nostalgia being overseas with my sweetie (namely all the kofta and salad... and felafel for breakfast).
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,8/20/2014,52,61,5,9,5>The secret is out. Not many people know about this location since it's at the end of Shore Drive in Oldsmar which is almost a good thing so that it doesn't get too crowded. If you are wanting to avoid the crowd and craziness then this is the place for you. There are only three pavilions though so if you didn't reserve in advance then get there early to save your spot. Parking is $5 a day. I would say this is like a smaller version of Philippe Park in Safety Harbor. There's a small beach area where you can canoe, kayak, etc. The restrooms are clean which is a plus for me. The trees helps to keep you cooler in the shaded areas. We were in the pavilion all day and we didn't break a sweat once. Optimum time to avoid the nasty no see-ums found abundantly in the Oldsmar area would be from 9am-5pm.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,8/19/2014,81,139,1,5,3>In the mood for Spanish food , the try this Colombian restaurant on Armenia ave.My wife the Cuban cook and critic, LOL, took me here for lunch today.She ordered , which she never does, the number 8. We shared the Bandeja Cabana. Grilled steak, rotisserie chicken, pork rind, corn cake, egg, sweet plantains, rice and red beans. A feast.The critic knows her food. Haha. Delicious. Come hungry. You won't be disappointed.Reasonably priced and Huge portions.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,8/18/2014,99,217,9,3,2>I really like this place...they used to be Discount Liquor and moved to into an old Sonny's restaurant that hadn't been used for quite some time.  I'm glad to see the move finally have taken place, it seemed to take forever for them to situated into the new bldg.  The always have good prices and plenty of variety (they do seem to be short of a few things but will catch up soon).The people running it have always been very nice and great with assisting me when I asked question about specific drinks or liquors.I'm definitely glad to see them back, it's only a block away and I can walk there if I want to....YEAH!!!!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,8/17/2014,20,60,3,5,4>You have to try the frozen margaritas! Miguel's is a date night destination for sure! Call ahead for reserved seating, they fill up fast on Friday or Saturday nights. We arrived a bit early for our 6:30 reservation and made our way to the back patio and bar to wait for our table. As soon as we walked out to the patio a bartender greeted us and took our drink order. Of course we had to try their famous frozen Margarita's. Like an adult Slurpee but with the added benefit of alcohol, this was a tart frozen dream-come-true after a long work week. As brain freeze set in we were notified by text that our table was ready so leaving the ultra-hip patio, off to the hostess stand we went. After being seated in a quiet corner, our waitress came right over to bring chips and salsa, check on our drinks and answer any questions we might have about the menu. We ordered a bowl of guacamole and queso dip to go with the salsa which arrived moments later. The chips were crispy and tasted fresh, they weren't greasy or salty. The salsa was thick, not too chunky but not thin or watery either, nice spice to it but not hot - a salsa that anyone could eat without issue. The queso dip was decent - standard melted cheese and tomatoes, etc. The guacamole however, was wow! "Holy guacamole!" my date exclaimed, this guacamole was as fresh as it gets, with big pieces of creamy avocado within. Hands down, the best guacamole we've had at a Mexican restaurant in a long time. Before we had time to polish off all of the guacamole our entrees arrived. Cancun Fajitas for me which included shrimp, steak and chicken peppers, onions and homemade flour tortillas. The shrimp were huge, 6 large gulf shrimp perfectly seasoned, cooked on a skewer and served with grilled chicken, steak and veggies served in a sizzling cast iron skillet. A side plate of sour cream, cheese and pico de gallo were included but I opted to eat the shrimp without any fixings and was glad I did. They were delicious, grilled perfectly with a slight buttery flavor, by far worth eating by themselves without hiding them in a tortilla or drowning them in sour cream. After the shrimp were gone I moved forward with preparing a traditional fajita. Layering steak, chicken, grilled veggies and my fixings I had a nice size fajita with enough left-over to make two more. The  second fajita I made gave to my date who had been ogling my dinner. He returned the favor and shared his burrito which was good, but not as good as my fajitas.  After dinner the waitress offered a dessert menu but we were totally stuffed. The service here was very good, drinks and food seemed to arrive within minutes of ordering. The waitress was friendly, helpful and checked on us often. It was a bit loud inside but we had a nice quiet table for two in a corner. They have outside seating on the back patio which is really nicely decorated as well as outdoor seating in the front porch area.  There is a large bar inside with a flat screen TV and lots of inside seating, this is a large restaurant. After a great experience and meal we have added Miguel's to our list of date night destinations for the future.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,8/16/2014,251,111,3,5,6>I Ai Sushi.... I don`t know where to start, there is just so many words to describe this place honestly. I met up with my friend  to have lunch. Okay so I must admit I was kind of skeptical about this place, its in a run down shopping strip and not enough traffic flowing through but boy was I surprised by the food. Amazing!! The sashimi tasted fresh which is important and my bento box was huge. The server was this sweet girl, like she was truly a gem. I have never been to a place where they give you eel sauce and spicy mayo I was like whoa what I always have to have for extra. Okay so this is not your typical traditional sushi Japanese eating place, there`s a twist to the food and it brings traditional Japanese food to a twist. The place itself is very small and a tad over crowded with stuff but the food and service was excellent so you kind of look past stuff like that. I haven`t been for supper but I will definitely go back for lunch.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,8/15/2014,95,65,4,7,6>Hi.  My name is Denise and I am a pasta-holic.  I love Italian food and Pane Rustica puts the red in my sauce.Order the specials, which are always excellent, but the Penne Rustica is my favorite dish by far on the menu.  This baked penne dish is loaded with real, butcher-quality Italian sausage, peas and sundried tomatoes.  All the dishes are flavorful and outstanding.Intimate tables with comfy couches make it the perfect date night spot.  Larger rooms located in the back are available for larger parties and gatherings.Pane Rustica offers a pretty decent wine selection and the deserts are delicious.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,8/14/2014,68,124,3,9,2>Went there for an early dinner on Thursday. The place is more spacious than their previous location and looks great! I hear, there is going to be more crave when the basement is finished and ready for the customers. My husband and I sat at the bar. The bartender was very nice and chatty. There weren't many people at the time, so we got lots of attention from him. We ordered bruschetta as our appetizer. It came out quickly and was delicious. The major difference between that one and bruschettas at other placed I've been to is that you had to place the topping on the bread yourself. It did prevent the sogginess. The entrees took a little longer to come out, but we were not in a hurry. I ordered penne a la vodka with sausage and my husband got chicken Marsala. Both dished tasted great! The sausage was on the side and was home made. Loved the sauce on my penne.  The portions were huge, so I had some leftovers for lunch the next day.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,8/13/2014,39,77,1,10,3>I recently purchased a new home and I wanted it cleaned before I moved in. I called and received a quote for a move in deep cleaning. The house was pretty clean already but really needed some disinfecting. The windows and ceiling fans were pretty dusty and the kitchen needed some scrubbing. I had two cleaners come out and they did a great job. I was happy with the attention to detail and they were both so friendly. It did not take them as long as they thought it would so my bill was less than what was quoted so that was a nice surprise. I have given the house my white glove inspection and have not found anything I am unhappy with. They did a great job at a fair price. Purchase the Yelp special and give them a call.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,8/12/2014,156,245,3,4,4>My husband and I enjoyed a 5 star experience here over the weekend.  From the moment we stepped in, we could feel how much the staff wanted to 'wow' us.  We started with hand crafted elderflower martinis - each tailored to our taste!  What an extra special touch for them to write the recipe on a card for us:)  For an appetizer, we had the squab.  Funny story, I didn't know what squab was...and didn't want to google until we tried it.  Too gamey for me, but the presentation was very nice.  We also were lucky enough to try some small portions of the Cobia and the pork belly nestled on 8 hour cooked grits...AMAZING! (and I'm not a grits fan!)  For main course I had the steak, hubs had the lamb chops.  Both were sooo good, and very filling portions.  Since we're so indecisive, we tried 3 of the desserts: the vanilla bean cheesecake, the chocolate ganash, and the autumn surprise (I can't remember the exact names).  Let me tell you, the autumn surprise was amazing.  DEFINITELY DO NOT MISS THIS, as half of the enjoyment is in the presentation.  This isn't a place that would be in our everyday budget; it's ideal for special occasions and celebrations.  I could also see getting drinks and dessert with the girls!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,7/22/2014,53,93,8,8,6>Holy overwhelming of the senses, Batman.  There is soooo much to take in at Mazzaro's.  This place has it all, vespas atop the shelves, cool decor, about a million other people meandering around the store and about every Italian food you could imagine.  Gelato, check.  Sausage, check.  Cheese, check, check, check.  Spices, check.  Homemade pizzas and other goodies, check.  coffee bar, check.  Enormous wine selection, check - duh!  They even have a home ware's section in an adjacent building. I ventured for lunch during the week.  They.  Were.  Packed.  Prices were reasonable and the food was delicious.  I had a portabello panini and it was divine.  There was a spread that I couldn't identify that simply made the sandwich.  They also have a wide selection of drinks.  I had a cucumber soda.  It was unique enough to catch my eye and it was definitely a good choice.  Quite refreshing...I'd definitely have it again.There's a covered patio that offers plenty of space for you to sit and enjoy you meal.It was just announced that Mazzaros is opening a wine and tapas bar along Beach Dr.  That might be trouble for me!!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,7/21/2014,92,158,4,7,5>I am a patient within the Florida Medical network and have been pleasantly pleased with the level of medical care received since 2011. They have locations throughout the Tampa Bay area and a vast list of specialists. They accept a lot of the major health insurances, but call to make sure they take yours before scheduling an appointment. What I like most is when you are referred within their network all the medical records are on file and none of them have to be copied and carried to different providers. Copying medical records can be arduous and expensive. Unfortunately since my car accident in 2012 (rear ended by a young lady texting) I've had to see a lot of specialists. All the providers have been attentive and friendly. I have to knock them on one star because the only complaint I have had thus far is providers not getting messages I have left for refills, lab results, etc). That is pretty important aspect of medical care. After I conveyed my concerns things have greatly improved and never had a problem again. They have labs located in several of their facilities -- appointments are conveniently offered so the "fasting" labs first thing in the morning do not take forever. When I've had an appointment the longest wait has been about 15 minutes. This facility in Land O Lakes is new, clean and has a huge parking lot. Overall, been very pleased and would recommend checking them out if your in need of a new physician.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,7/20/2014,93,68,,9,3>If you want fresh lobster, this is your place! Located in a non-descript strip mall, I wasn't sure it was still open. Luckily for me it was!Stopped in for a crab cake sandwich and lobster roll. The lobster was really fresh but my only complaint is the use of plain mayo instead of maybe a special sauce with lemon and paprika.  Would love to have some type of mayo-lemony-paprika mixture like they use in Maine. Regardless, the lobster was delish.The crab cake sandwich was also good. My fiance wished they had left it mounded up vs flattened out. The only other con is that it is a little pricey. ($15 for a lobster roll).  I guess I was spoiled in Maine where you can get them fully dressed for $5 :(
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,7/19/2014,200,161,3,4,2>I had to post an update/followup because Best Pest control went ABOVE and beyond when a "mouse" got into our house. They made multiple visits, checking up on the progress of the whole ordeal, setting traps, sealing openings, and cleaning up any messes left behind. We were really impressed with their service and handling of the situation, even responding to after hours "emergency" calls from a crying, hysterical homeowner who shall not be named.  Thank you Best Pest Control! We are happy customers 2 years and going strong!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/18/2014,72,220,3,5,6>I visited Oakley's for my book club and arrived a little later than the rest who had already ordered.  I hustled over to get my order in and had a chance to chat with the owner.  Sweet guy and I love meeting anyone who is passionate about making great food.  I went with a cheeseburger and joined the book discussion while I waited.  I was pleasantly surprised that everyone's food came out about the same time.  While there isn't table service, the guys do bring your food out to you when it is ready.  The burger was great - medium well, just as requested - and a good balance of yummy char on the outside and juicy inside.  The space itself is clean, wide-open and inviting.  Really nice place to chill for a bit, get some great food and chat.  I begged a sweet potato fry off of a friend and will have to bring the hubby here, as he loves sweet potato fries and these were excellent.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,7/17/2014,98,216,,8,4>This restaurant is located on the pool deck at The Vinoy Resort and open to the public.  They have indoor and outdoor service.  Outside they have tables and corn hole.  They serve lunch and dinner every day and on the weekends they have breakfast (sometimes a buffet).  They have a good selection of fruity tropical drinks and the menu has a Caribbean flare.  They have the best fish taco's I've ever eaten and use local fish.  Another favorite is the lobster quesadilla, huge chunks of lobster and you won't leave hungry even tho it is an app.  Conch fritters, chips and guac, all sorts of app's for sharing.  Black bean burger, turkey burger, cuban sandwhich . . . something for everyone from the veg head to the carnivore.  If you are looking for a unique salad try the Alfresco Salad with banana bread croutons, dried fruit and tasty dressing.  You can top with all sorts of things, but I like the scallops.  If you are downtown St Pete it is worth stopping by and they will validate your parking too.  Enjoy!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,7/16/2014,167,342,3,6,4>I have wanted to go here for years, and a visit from beer-loving fellow yelper Shannon O. from my motherland of DC was the perfect excuse! (Side note: we've been friends since kindergarten, and she is just now getting addicted to Yelp. Best friend duty accomplished!)I really enjoyed checking out Yuengling. I love that they are four minutes away from my place, close to USF, and located on a beautiful patch of grassy land that feels like a mecca in the surrounding hood. Shannon and I agreed that our dogs would love to run around and potty on the beautiful pastures of the Yuengling lawn.The tour itself: we came on a Saturday at noon. We were right on time, and relieved to see that they were breaking the visitors into two tour groups. We picked the latter. I don't remember our guide's name but she was originally from London and had worked there since 1999 I believe. She was helpful and funny. A great tour, and super cool to see the inner workings of a commercial-size brewery vs. a microbrewery, which I had worked at before and honestly never found that scintillating. This was more interesting since they have to be both good at brewing beer AND cost-effective (by the way, that means using corn starch, be forewarned). I personally love the taste of Yuengling, and call me boring but I would order it at a bar for sure. We tried four samples and they were all great except for the lager. Usually that would be my favorite but I actually preferred the dark ones. The guide said that female coffee-drinkers love the dark bock, so maybe that's it? The beer garden/biergarten area was cool and my favorite room because it was lined in dark wood, with a wall full of tree stumps. It felt like Pennsylvania, and if you know me, you know that Pennsylvania is probably one of my favorite states ever. I would love to spend more time in that room!A few extra notes: the tour and samples are free, and kids ARE allowed. Wear closed-toed shoes and comfy casual clothes. Give yourself at least an hour for the whole experience - times vary based on the guide and how many annoyingly repetitive questions people ask during the tour. Luckily (since it was hot as heck in some of the non-airconditioned rooms) our tour was quick and easy. On Saturdays, the canning area is not in operation, so you'll miss that unless you come during the week. I would have liked to see the action but no biggie. Anyways, if you're looking for something to do with a family member, significant other or Tampa visitor, check this place out! It's worth doing and free, and you might learn something too.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/15/2014,108,88,3,8,5>This is my fave Viet restaurant in Tampa. You know it's good bc it is always packed! And with people of all backgrounds, not just of Vietnamese descent. I love that they moved to this location and did not stay in the original smaller, rundown location (although they are so busy they may need to move to an even larger space or buyout the place next door.The food here is always fresh and delicious. I love the banh mi sandwiches, pho, bun bo hue, and wonton noodle dishes. The summer rolls and iced coffee are our usual orders as well.There is always a wait for a table usually, but they are quick to clean off the tables and move the line along.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,7/14/2014,47,69,3,8,5>Deja vu!!! house turned restaurant, extended wooden porch seating, with a down home vibe. I've been somewhere east in Tampa who has a similar concept except its only available on Sundays... Hmmm...Why countdown til Sunday, when you can fill your southern eats craving on any given day!! What is southern food? To most, the first thought that comes to mind is fried goodness. But in reality, it's more than that. It's comfort food... Food that reminds you of Sunday dinner at a family members house. Food that makes you feel good. Recipes that have names you can pronounce made with ingredients you keep on hand.Southern fresh gives you and inviting vibe of home away from home. The menu is quite limited, offering two appetizers,  two soups, two salads, four entrees and two dessert selections the day I dined. They do provide and adequate beer/wine list.My thought process would be if the menu is this simple, every dish, side item etc. should be spot on. On a side thought, of a menu this limited, why didn't this establishment go a fast casual route?Nonetheless, lets talk food:Starters:-Grilled chicken wings: Bang!!!! Spot on flavor profile. The dish comes with six whole wings. They are seasoned, smoked and grilled off. When they come, you bite into tender chicken who is smokey down to the bone, on the outside is its dry rub seasoning balanced and flavorful and subtle charred bits on the edges that resonate smokiness. It is also served with a sweet and tangy barbeque sauce which works well with this chicken. Entrée:-Fried Chicken: I was highly recommended and noted worth the wait. That being said, it is made to order, so expect about a 20 minute turn around time. My limited vision of the kitchen noted literally a small 4 burner stovetop with cast iron skillets ready to go for each fried chicken order. You can order your pieces white, dark or mixed. Testing how technically sound the fried chicken was, I decided to order white meat.  On first bite seemed solid, crispy/crunchy outside and moist/meaty chicken breast interior. I must say however, the chicken didn't seem to have a flavor build meaning I tasted some simple flavors on the outer coating but reaching down to the bone there was a lost for flavor. Now, my grandma didn't make me chicken or southern food as a kid, but the new skool in me would say where was the flavor build profile on this chicken in contrast to the love put into the grilled chicken I started off with as an appetizer.Sides: Mash potato and a side of gravy: Mash was ok, a little peppery on some bites but nothing that yells comfy potatoes to me. The Gravy was also basic, maybe a chicken stock based gravy but nothing yelling unique gravy.-I was told if you are putting more than 5 ingredients into your collard greens then you are using and doing too much. Their collard greens seems like something if I had a grandma this would feel like down home simplicity. The greens were leafy and not overprocessed, the note of vinegar was not overpowering and the small bits of a curated meat added a smokey and salty note.Dessert:Banana Pudding: I'm not a big fan of custard desserts, but how could I not end a meal on a sweet note. I did like the bits of banana that were really sweet throughout the pudding. The vanilla being somewhat soggy on the top was a miss for me, yet I'm not sure this may be the traditional approach. Being a fan of texture contrast I would have preferred the wafer crumbled and sprinkled on top leaving its baked crunch intact.Southern fresh overall has a great concept of "down home" cuisine. I do wish for more "down home" menu items like mac n cheese or meatloaf speaks to my southern comfort. The prices are reasonable and the hospitality was hosted with charm. Yall give em a try now..,.  Hopefully, one day I will return to find a fuller menu that screams  "down home".
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,7/13/2014,331,115,4,7,4>Every weekend should be a Brew Bus weekend. Working with Aaron to arrange this event was smooth on every account. From picking a date to selecting the right breweries for our bunch he was available and always willing to offer suggestions. The Tampa Bay Brew Bus has an assortment of options when planning your day with them. Guided tours are an option, which our group opted out of but maybe next time as well as options on the amount of time allotted for your day. There are two buses, a 22 passenger and a 33 passenger available for rent. The prices are more than fair and on every Brew Bus adventure you have a driver and monitor? Our driver, Dave and unofficial babysitter, Trey were fantastic. We decided on three breweries on in and around St. Pete with two-pick up/drop off locations. While on the bus their signatures beers are available for unlimited consumption. Can't wait to book the Tampa Bay Brew Bus again soon!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,6/12/2014,139,166,7,11,9>A year ago when I first started Yelping, I wrote a review for this Pub. A four word review.....Outstanding Fish and Chips!........quite a review, lol. I'd like to think I've grown (not just in girth) as far as being a reviewer for Yelp. Hopefully this review makes up for my original 4 word review.This is my go to stop for ....yes.... Outstanding Fish and Chips, comfort food, and more. The service is fast, efficient, and friendly. The menu is extensive too. They have close to 20 appetizers ranging from standard fare to Reuben Rolls, egg rolls stuffed with corned beef, cabbage, and Swiss cheese with thousand island dressing. Beer battered mushrooms fried and served with horseradish sauce. Wings of many different heat settings, also teriyaki, BBQ, Parmesan garlic, and blackened. How about a heart stopper of Tater Tots loaded with bacon and cheese! A onion soup named the "Fiver" incorporates leeks, shallots, red, white, and green onions topped with melted Swiss and Provolone cheese. Very flavorful.Salads. I counted eight different choices of salads. Their burgers are 9oz of fresh ground beef made to your liking. Of course they have the classic style sandwiches turkey, ham & cheese, BLT, etc. Also a Roast Beef Cajun Dip, with Cajun spices. Meatloaf sandwich with grilled onions. Cheese steaks and several types of wraps.Finley's house specialties are top notch. Of course any Irish Pub worth there salt must have Corned Beef and Cabbage. The Shepherds Pie is unique with the addition of caramelized onions and also Guinness gravy. Liver and Onions (my wife loves this), Bangers and Mash, Irish pork sausage with mashed potatoes, mushroom and onion gravy, veggies. DrUnKEN CHicKeN, chicken breast sautéed with Irish Whiskey, cream and mushrooms, with mashed potatoes and veggies. Lets not forget the Fish and Chips. Beer battered, served with fries and coleslaw. The fish they use is called Swai. Swai is a farm raised fish similar to catfish, and is usually imported from SE Asia. It's a delicate flavored white fish that is supposed to be very healthy too. Remembering that this is a Pub, they have a full liquor bar and also 13 fine beers on tap. 12 satellite TVs. At night they have trivia games and also some live music. A little something for everyone.Finley's is located just South of Ulmerton Rd on the NE corner of Belcher Rd. in a strip mall.Oh yes, Outstanding Fish and Chips!Check them out. finleysirishpub.com
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,6/10/2014,104,217,6,8,6>The Yogurt Spot is by far my favorite froyo place.  In my transformation from "I hate frozen yogurt" to "I will push you into traffic if you get between me and my froyo" I have visited many different places and none of them match up to the Yogurt Spot in my opinion.  The Yogurt Spot doesn't have as many toppings as places like Yogurt Mountain and they don't have a super fancy seating area like Yogurtology (although there is free WiFi), but to me the Yogurt Spot beats them all in where it counts most, the taste of the yogurt.  They have a few flavors that are always present (what up cookies 'n cream!) as well as several seasonal flavors and new 'surprise' flavors.  I tend to keep my selection simple.  I usually like a chocolate bomb with chocolate on top of chocolate toppings with warm chocolate fudge on top (started drooling typing that BTW).  Their hours are also crazy ridiculous (in a good way).  Have a craving for frozen yogurt at 11:30pm on Tuesday night?  Well, the Yogurt Spot is open then to satisfy your cravings.  I may or may not have made some late night trips here.  I admit to nothing.They also have a loyalty card program where you can earn some free yogurt!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,6/9/2014,2378,688,4,9,7>Hot Box'd Steamed Cheeseburgers is one of my favorite food trucks and also one of my favorite burger joints in Tampa Bay. The owner and employees are friendly people following their dream to offer something different to the Tampa area. Steamed cheeseburgers are something from up north actually, I had to do some research online to learn that they were popularized in Connecticut. Steamed cheeseburgers taste fresh with much of the greasy part of a burger lost in the steaming process. When I first visited them, they only had a few choices as they were just getting out on the road, but lately they've been coming up with all kinds of different burgers as they make new business partnerships, one business playing a big part in supporting local food trucks is Three Palm Brewing and I believe Hot Box'd made a new sauce using their brews. As someone who loves burgers, I think Hot Box'd brings something new to the table and that is exciting as I thought the gourmet burger trend in Tampa was in a snag until I had their burgers. I recommend you go and give them a try! Like most food trucks, you'll have to check their social media sites to find their location.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,6/8/2014,204,405,7,11,7>I could distill this review to two words:Roast PorkBut then I would be overlooking the great yellow rice and beans, and the friendly owners and staff that cook up that pork with the most incredible marinade I've ever tasted anywhere.  Just a perfect balance of flavor, herb and spice.  Indescribably delicious.  I talked to the owner so long about how much great it was, he brought out the container he mixes the marinade in just to let me take a look at it and have a sniff.  I haven't tried anything else on the menu because I haven't eaten enough roast pork here before I die.  And without question Tia's passes that critical measure of any great family restaurant/diner.....the cop test.  I counted 6 there during a recent lunch, with 2 more that stopped by for takeout.There are not a lot of places to get Latin flavors in Largo, so it's great to have Tia's to save trips all the way to Tampa.Atmosphere:  3Service :  4Food:   5Value:   5
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,6/7/2014,87,211,6,7,4>A Peruvian restaurant located in a strip mall off of Hillsborough Avenue - this would not be the kind of place you would stumble into unless you knew the food was worth it.  The outside is nondescript,  it has essentially no ambiance on the inside, and the service is always slow.  Soccer is usually on the one television over the little bar.  Sometimes you can get sangria, sometimes you can't.  The posted hours are not set in stone.Funny story:  My boyfriend and I made arrangements to meet here on Valentine's Day a few years ago at 7 pm, but I got there early, got a table and started reading - and then they locked the front door at 6:45 pm - hah!  They still let me order for the two of us, though, and unlocked the door for him to enter when he arrived, but it cracks me up that they just decide to close early, on Valentine's Day, even though the hours posted say 8 pm. Their Ceviche Mixto entree (mixed seafood ceviche) is consistently awesome, however, and that is what keeps me coming back.  Extremely generous portion of seafood, well marinated in lime juice, topped with onions, served with a piece of yuca, a piece of sweet potato, and two types of Peruvian corn.  I always get it lightly spicy, which still has me sweating in the best possible way.  I almost always get a Alfajores Peruanos (Peruvian sandwich cookies with a filling of dulce de leche) for dessert, which helps get rid of the Mixto burn.  This last visit we started with their fried calamari, which was very good, although perhaps not as authentic as other places.Not only will I be back, but I'll tempt even more friends to try it!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,6/6/2014,99,155,,9,4>Pretty cool place. I thought that this was just an indoor gun range, but nope, it's also a huge gun shop. They have a very large selection of weapons here, pistols, rifles and shotguns. They have lots of magazines and holsters here as well. Along side several very very large vaults and safes.  There are many workers here, including one that just stands next to the door and welcomes people in.  Although there are lots  of workers, if it's a busy day than expect the lines to take a while if you are not a member. The prices here are pretty high for the guns, ammunition and for the rentals and range. Regulate range is $15 A PERSON, pistols are $15 a gun and autos are $50 a gun, ammunition is around $20 for 50 shots which goes a lot faster than you think. Anyways if your willing to spend that much money for about a hour of fun than great. The lounge here is pretty nice. Free coffee and coke. There is also a shake/smoothie machine if your in the mood for that. If you just chilling and watching your friends shoot than this is a cool place to hang out. There is also a mini gun museum with some really old guns and ammo. All in all this is a pretty cool place to shoot. If you don't have a gun it can be a pretty expensive place but still nice to see. If your thinking of buying a gun, I would definitely check this place out.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,6/5/2014,285,192,5,10,9>If you asked me, "Hey, Lindsey! If you could have a boutique full of Lindsey-ish things, what would it look like?", I would point you right to Tupelo on 4th. From the time I walked into the door to the time I walked back out of it, I think I said "How cute!" at least 57 times (literally). There's no way that I could catalog every lovable item here, so take a look at the pictures attached to my review for a peek of some of the awesomeness here. Here's a quick list of a few items I have on my wish list:-Brass handmade necklace with a pendant of Florida-"Smell My Nuts" candle with scents of banana nut bread and hazelnut-White onesie with a gingham bow tie-Watermelon Basil Vodka sugar scrub My friend Jessica S. was gracious enough to buy us both a packet of Bio Coffee (instant Arabica coffee with Wheat grass), and I'm trying it today. Let me tell ya, I'm definitely feeling alert right now! I might be back for a few more packets of this, too.Tupelo on 4th is just as artsy and eclectic as its name suggests. If you're looking for a gift that's just as unique as the person you're giving it to, this gift shop's got what you're looking for.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/4/2014,75,240,,6,3>I came for a work outing and had one of the best meals of my life! I was surprised to find that every component of your meal (other than drinks) comes with your steak. I had a 6oz filet (somewhere around $40) and it came with salad, deliciously cheesy French onion soup, bread, baked potato, greens and carrot "slaw". Everything was seasoned & cooked perfectly. I ordered a glass of wine (asked the waiter to select it) and it was one if the best glasses I've had. Ever. Shortly after dinner we did a kitchen tour. The guide was funny & engaging. Everyone behind the scenes was working with a purpose! Not only that but the kitchen was almost spotless and we learned Bern's had their own metal shop where they custom make all of their stainless steel tables, etc. the wine cellar was next in the tour and was just mind-blowing. Again, guide was super knowledgable and engaging. There was a bottle on sale/display for $30,000. Mind-blowing!We finally made it to the dessert room. Very retro and a special experience for sure. They have an extensive list of dessert wine, rum, housemade masterpieces (baked Alaska, Granny Smith apple pie, ice creams, coffees - beans roasted in house daily) it's hard to make a choice. I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,6/3/2014,50,170,,7,4>Very pretty place, atmosphere is beautiful. Food is very good, I can't give it excellent after visiting to many truly authentic Chaldean Restaurants up north and abroad. No doubt it is very good for Tampa, just room to improve. Tea for example, yup not everyone gets hot tea but at least have "one" tea from the region not Earl Grey. Seriously that's like a Japanese restaurant not having green tea. LAME! The food was good, service good, hookah was amazing, but you can only smoke outside. Weird since its not really smoke lolThe people who came here weren't actually here for true Chaldean Shawarma or anything of the such its just a trendy place to go. If that is your goal then they succeeded.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,6/2/2014,72,128,,9,4>First time here and loved the place. Neat that they give you options of things to do while you enjoy your brew. Makes it very easy to mix and mingle and meet new folks. Sampled the Dunkel, Oatmeal, Blonde and Porter. My faves were pretty much everything but the Oatmeal. Really enjoyed the Blonde and Porter. The main thing I enjoyed about the brews was that, throughout the samples, it was nice to see real differences between the beers. Some other places I've been weren't quite as diverse though they made it a point to try. Definitely will go back now that I have some new favorite beers to add to the list. :)
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,10/14/2012,58,150,,5,3>This is one of my favorite places to go for lunch! I've been going here for years now. It is the same owners of Senor Taco and I actually ate at this tiny shack before learning they actually had a restaurant! On Tuesdays and Thursdays, they have dollar tacos! Authentic Mexican, they make hand made tortillas to order and they have 5 or 6 different meats to choose: chicken, steak, pork, BBQ pork, chorizo, etc. and may come with marinated onions, cilantro, and a tiny lime wedge. The also have huge burritos, tortas, and some specialty dishes that are awesome! Get some fire hot sauce and a Mexican soda and you are good to go!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,10/13/2012,262,160,4,10,4>We decided to try this place out on a whim since we'd moved in so close by, and boy were we pleasantly surprised. I am always one to support small businesses so I was excited to try some new Japanese food! The prices and portions are great! They serve both Hibachi-style Japanese entrees and sushi! With most of the entrees you get salad and soup and with the sushi you get the option of one or the other! I tried the Hibachi chicken and my husband tried the tempura, both were great and we had a load of leftovers to take home! We've been back 5 times in 3 weeks if that tells you anything? Staff is very nice and friendly and we feel welcomed more and more the more we stop in. I recommend the Hibachi chicken entree or the Pacific Fusion sushi roll and if you get soup, ask for the clear mushroom spicy soup, yum city!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/12/2012,2378,688,3,9,8>You love Puerto Rican food? Mata Monchies has you covered. They have a diverse set of options on the menu from sandwiches to mofongo to juices. The restaurant itself is quite small, so don't bring a huge crowd unless you're planning to take-out. The owner is very friendly and always makes it a point to converse with diners. Turns out we are both from Ponce in Puerto Rico, which was a cool discovery. The restaurant honestly feels like home with Univision playing on television with the latest spanish soap operas. I know I felt like I was at home when I ordered tostones (fried plantains) and the lady asked me if I wanted mayo/ketchup with it, which is such a Puerto Rican thing and something that would definitely happen at home.Mata Monchies is also very involved in the community and was a participant at the Cuban Sandwich Festival this year and the Taste of the Cuban Sandwich. They will also be involved with the 7th Annual Festival de Sabor in September of this year. The portions are also very large so think about splitting something with a friend if you don't have a large appetite. The portions also remind me of when you eat at home because in Spanish families, Mothers always fill your plate to make sure you fill your appetite. Checkout Mata Monchies for some great Puerto Rican food and a taste of a Puerto Rican household. Oh and they have Malta India - which every Puerto Rican, including myself, loves! haha.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,10/11/2012,119,94,4,7,3>I LOVED this place. Before I get started on the review I would like to note, as others have, that this is a Buddhist Temple. It is not a restaurant. IMPORTANT: Bring cash. They don't take credit cards. Entrees average at about $5 but I would bring about $10 a person for drink and miscellaneous treats! :)I can't begin to pronounce the name but I know how to describe it... "Mmmmmm!" I went with my brother and his girlfriend. It's a little overwhelming at first. You feel a little bit like you're on streets of Thailand. I recommend taking a lap and picking our what you want after you've had a chance to check everything out. We wanted to get a couple of different things and share. We got pad thai, pork noodle soup, egg rolls, Thai sausage, some sort of coconut "Thai cupcake" (their words not mine), and crumbs from the fried bananas. Don't judge us. We were hungry! I'm not a huge fan of pad Thai in general. Their's was pretty good though. It was a little salty for my taste. My brother and his girlfriend loved it. The noodle soup was really tasty. They build the soup when you order it like this. First, the put a handful of raw bean sprouts, then the add a bunch of the thin, white noodles typical in Asian foods. The lady doing this speaks very little English and asks, (much like the Soup Nazi) "Beef or Pork?!" They add cilantro, peanuts, pork (or beef), and other goodies. The finally product is really good. I wouldn't get this if you are self conscious at all. It took two hands, one to twist the noodles with chopsticks and the other to hold the spoon and get some broth. Inevitably, some noodle comes out of your mouth or broth drips on your chin. The egg rolls are good. Nice and crispy without being too much breading. Next, the Thai sausage had curry in it. I have a severe aversion to curry so I obviously didn't like this. My brother liked it so it might be delicious to those who have a taste for curry. The "Thai cupcake" is really interesting. It has a light coconut flavor and green onion. I wouldn't call it a cupcake since it wasn't very sweet. It took eating the second one to decide I liked it. The crumbs from the fried bananas are delicious. I wish we would have order bananas. I loved the crumbs though. They are light and sweet. When I asked my brother if we should get them a girl passing us said, "Yes! And take the leftovers home and put them on vanilla ice cream." I would definitely do that. For a $1, I think everyone should get some. Overall, I really enjoyed "Thai Temple". It's a fun and different way to eat. When the weather is nice it's much better than sitting in restaurant and I think it's just as good as anything I've had. Get there early though. We went at about 1 and they were out of a lot of things (including satay, bummer). I can say I will definitely go back. I might even attend the service they have that day! As the buddhist say, "Eat to live but live to eat."
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,10/10/2012,289,123,2,12,6>Every so often, I come across a place that truly strikes a chord with me.  Last night, this special place was Trattoria Pasquale. This quaint little place is a wonderful addition to South Tampa and in my opinion, the best Italian food in town! Italian cuisine is my favorite and I have eaten in hundreds of Italian restaurants across the country and in Italy. There are a few places that have last a lasting impression on me, one is in Rome, one is in San Francisco and last night it was Pasquale's! I met my friend for dinner and we were warmly greeted by the owner, Luigi. He went over the specials and chatted with us about the menu.  We started off with prosciutto e melone which was perfect on a warm summer evening. The sweetness of the cantaloupe with the saltiness of the prosciutto was divine. My friend and I both ordered off the specials menu for our dinner. I had house made pappardelle al cinghiale with fresh mushrooms and peas.  It was perfection on a plate. I had been craving an authentic pasta dish and this exceeded my expectations.   My friend ordered "Branzino alla Davide" (sea bass) and it was fabulous. We sipped on a wine I brought since they do not serve beer or wine but you can bring your own and there is no corkage fee. We finished off our meal on a sweet note with an order of cannoli.I can't wait to go back to Trattoria Pasquale!  This is such a cute place and the food is beyond delicious. Be sure to make a reservation as it fills up quick. :)
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,10/9/2012,106,46,3,10,4>I finally made my way into the dark and popular Bern's Steakhouse. I was excited because I heard how well-known its aged steaks in town. The attire is supposed to be dressy, but I dressed it somewhat dressy casual blouse and jeans. The atmosphere is definitely romantic, but I saw couples and even parties of 4 or more. So it seemed pretty nice and comfortable. Our table was in the corner with a little bit of privacy. I liked the decor. Although, when trying to find the nearest restroom, it was like walking into a maze. The menu is very extensive. It literally is a book, but it has mostly the descriptions of the different types of steaks that they offer in different cuts and sizes. Everything is broken down for you. But it was a bit overwhelming. My friend was able to help me narrow it down and ordered our 20oz. Chateaubriand steak with ease. My eyes widen when I heard that. Apparently, we were to split that fortunately. We also started our meal with a bottle of American champagne, paired with cheese crackers. They were actually pretty good. The steak comes with fixed appetizers such a french-onion soup and mixed micro salad with my choice of vinaigrette dressing. Both were really good. We also got our own plates with our steak that came with multiple sides: baked potato, fried onions, and a bit of veggies. The steak was enormous and flavorful. I can taste hints of the garlic, which I love. But I did try to opt for a wine sauce to add more flavor. I thought the steak was tender and juicy, but I think I liked it better paired with a sauce to cut the saltiness. The service was spot on. Our server was nice and patient, and got what we needed right away gracefully. I thought it was a nice night for a Wednesday night, the place was almost full.After paying the bill, we decided to go through the tour inside the kitchen. (With wine, my friend's 2 dry martinis and our steak dinners, cost about $180 including gratuity already added).The dessert room is also like a dark maze. Each room is secluded and has its own phone booth where you can change music to your taste from classical to jazz. The menu is also extensive because it also includes the port wines that can be paired with the desserts. Instead of just glancing at the menu too long, we asked our waiter for the top 3 most popular desserts or his favorites. He gave us a cute story behind the ever popular Macadamia ice cream, which took Bern's 7 years to perfect. So needless to say, we opted for that one. Might I say, the 3 scoops were enormous and on top of that came with whole macadamias, a waffle bowl and chocolate sauce. It was rich and delightful. I would go back just for the dessert ($11). It was a real treat.But the reason for the 4 starts was the pricing. It's very pricey and a place that I would never frequent unless I had a major account. So for those that would like to try this ever popular steakhouse, try the steaks and go for the dessert. But be sure your wallet can afford to fork over that $$$ price tag, or someone else'.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,10/8/2012,129,98,3,6,5>When I was invited last month to become a member of Yelp Elite, I was so excited. And when I saw the next event was Yelp-O-Scream, I was even more excited. I quickly signed up and waited for confirmation, as I knew it would be a great first Elite event to attend. I brought my husband with me and since we were coming from Clearwater, we headed out early to avoid traffic. We arrived with about a half-hour to spare and parked in the preferred lot. When we arrived at the Yelp table, I was told I was the first one on the list to check-in! We got our name badges, our VIP lanyards, bags, t-shirts, and drink coupons. We were happy to make our way to the Pavilion and the air conditioning. The Pavilion had many high-top tables throughout and there were several tables around the room with food. The drinks were centrally located on one side. It was definitely nice to have an ice cold Bud Light on such a humid Florida night. We enjoyed the food - the cheesy casserole was WONDERFUL, as was the caprese salad. There were also macadamia-crusted chicken tenders, chips and salsa, bacon-wrapped scallops, beef wellington, mushroom caps, hummus and warm pitas, deviled eggs, and more. Drink options were water, soda, beer, and wine.After eating, we headed out to the Yelp tent where they had more drinks, more tables, and a fun red seating area. Brett made a couple announcements (including the winner of the Twitter contest to get into Alone), and then we were able to head out to the haunted houses at any time.I enjoyed meeting a fellow blogger, Grace, and talked to another fellow blogger, Meghann, for a bit, and then my husband and I were off to the haunted houses.The first haunted house we went into last night was Vampire Casino. While standing in line, the skies opened up and we got soaked. We were given a flashlight on our way in, which I think made it creepier. When we came out, there wasn't a single person in line and it was still pouring so we made our way back to the Pavilion. We enjoyed a couple more drinks and grabbed a couple blue ponchos for when we head back outside. We chatted with Brett for a few, told him how much fun we were having despite the rain, and then we headed back out again. The next haunted house we went into was Night Shade Toys, which freaked me out the most. They had walls lined with stuffed animals and I told my husband I now had to get rid of all my stuffed animals in the closet. The last house we went into was Blood Asylum, which as the name leads you to believe, is bloody. I love when a haunted house sprays water in a room that is covered in blood so of course you automatically assume you're being sprayed with blood. That was a great one!After that, we decided to head home. It was still raining and we were soaked. Despite the rain, we really enjoyed the evening and had a fabulous time. Everyone was so friendly - the Busch Gardens staff and the Yelp team. Busch Gardens put on a great event. I am so happy to be a part of a fun group of people; this was a great first event to attend as Yelp Elite. I look forward to many more!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,10/7/2012,117,304,4,11,3>I am not Vegan, or Vegetarian, but I LOVE Meze 119.I love good food in all forms, and Meze throws down killer flavors and top-qual vege-meats in creative dishes. It's a unique place for sure.The only thing preventing a full 5-star rating is the service - which can be a little hit or miss. Our first visit experience almost ticked me off enough to simply walk out - after we were ignored while others were served, and the waiter chit chatted with his friends at the counter as we waited to be acknowledged (almost 15 minutes). The food was so delicious however, that it made me more forgiving.More recent trips have not been as bad...there just seems to be a teensy bit of pretentiousness here (clientele and staff). What is it about vegans?The Sunday Brunch is dee-lish. The special this past Sunday was Vegan Biscuits and Gravy - and it was amazing. However, I have to complain again about the service. My girlfriend ordered the Biscuits & Gravy and the waiter suggested as he walked away "how about I add a tofu scramble with the Biscuits & Gravy - it's the perfect match!" Sounded like a great option for a side order of some "eggs". But what it turned out to be was a *full added entrée* of tofu scrambled eggs, potatoes and bakon. My girlfriend had no desire for TWO FULL BREAKFASTS, doubling her bill and providing way too much food. Nice work, Mr. Waiter, upsell accomplished. The way he did it when he already had the menus in his hand was perfect, and the nonchalant way he casually mentioned it while leaving was also spot on. Silly, sad little games for such a nice place...but I'm keeping it at four stars regardless....Great, creative, flavorful food - but spotty service. If the dishes weren't so damn unique this would barely be a three star joint.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,10/6/2012,65,72,3,5,3>It's quite a treat when one of the C-level execs takes your team to the fanciest restaurant in Tampa! We dropped in for lunch last week, and were wooed by Oystercatchers. From the wall-to-wall bay view, to the elegant decor, to the delectable cuisine - Oystercatchers lived up to its Yelp reviews! We started off with an order of steak strip Calamari and strawberry salad complete with a side of cornbread. The Calamari was a slightly over done, but mostly meaty and delicious - the 'spicy ketchup' cocktail sauce was the best I've ever tried. The side salad was a nice spring mix, with fresh strawberries and a pink strawberry vinaigrette to top. For dinner I ordered the Crab Cake sandwich which was packed with meaty crab meat, and finished with a light aoli sauce. I enjoyed dipping it in the spicy ketchup for additional flavor! The service was a little slow due to a packed house around lunch. The manager made up for it by apologizing for the delay, and giving us a 20% discount on our bill! I'll definitely be coming back to try their dinner menu.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,10/5/2012,91,204,2,3,2>I live in the Seminole Heights neighborhood and this has been the biggest blessing since opening.  This is the best store!  Kendra, the owner, is so helpful and even diagnosed my dog's wheat/grain allergy.  She throws incredible events that not only include sales on product but help homeless pups find families.  We've met many neighbors through the store and have led to fun puppy play dates.  My dog loves everything we've brought him and the prices are super reasonable.  So happy we live close to it!We've never used the bath area because we have a walk in shower our dog bathes in but the one at the store is top notch.  The whole store is aesthetically impressive and they've completely changed the strip of shops they moved into.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,8/13/2012,98,160,3,6,3>Tampa Bay Treasure. True Entrepreneurs when it comes to craft beer.Sure, every craft beer company are made up by entrepreneurs. What makes Cigar City beer a TRUE entrepreneur, is the fact that they don't abide by everyone else's rules. When it comes to crafting beers, from an ESB, to a porter, form a IPA, to a Red, most brewers choose a type of beer they are going to brew, check for guidelines, then proceed. Cigar City decides what they want to put into a beer, then, before entering it into a contest, they try to categorize it. They are trying to make a good beer, not a beer that fits to standards. This is the story behind their hoppy Tocobaga Red Ale, and their indescribable SMaSH Galaxy Ale. The Tasting Room itself is an experience. The tinted windows make it seem as though they are closed every time you drive by. When you come in, you find yourself in an cozy, intimate bar. The bartender is extremely friendly and knowledgeable. He can answer any question. He truly loves what he does. Beers are offered in samplers, pints, or growlers for you to take home. The bathrooms are located in the brewery, which allows you to sneak a peek at what they are brewing that day. Cigar City also offers brewery tours Wed-Sat at 11pm, 12pm, 1pm, 2pm.Definitely a nice change from your occasional crowded bar.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,8/12/2012,29,135,,3,1>Had dinner and drinks here last night. I've had their food at an event before, but haven't ever eaten in the restaurant. Service was friendly, even though it was 9:45pm on a Thursday. The place itself is on the small side, but it makes it cozy - not uncomfortable, and has a great patio on the corner of Twiggs & Franklin. As far as the food, the sangria was awesome (and well worth the slightly-elevated price). The baba ghanoush appetizer was FANTASTIC, as was my Italian Tuna Salad. LOVE having great restaurants like this in Downtown TPA!!!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,8/11/2012,251,81,14,14,8>After reading some good and some bad reviews about Sam's I have come to the conclusion that either their competition is writing the bad reviews or they are written by people with no taste.For me to hand out five stars you have to earn it! While it is quite the drive from Tampa it's well worth it. This is my third time here and it just gets better and better. Don't expect gourmet food but some of the tastiest bar food I have ever had.Today was some kind of special occasion and they had the parking lot closed off with a live band, as a result they had a special N'Oleans Cajun menu. I wasn't expecting much as I know this isn't a Cajun restaurant and to top it of I had just been disappointed by "The Bayou" restaurant. But I can't help it, if crawfish etoufee is on the menu I have to order it. This has been one of the biggest surprises I have had in years. The crawfish etoufee was downright fantastic! My wife had the chicken jambalaya and she thought it was some of the best she had ever had and we have been to the big easy.Sam's Hudson Beach Bar has it all, great food, great service and a unbelievable view of the Gulf Of Mexico, it's the perfect trifecta.If you love life you'll love this place, however if you're not that bright go ahead and skip it all together.Enjoy!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,8/10/2012,182,477,2,4,2>Stopped in for actual food this time, not just beer!  Sunday in Seminole Heights generally means brunch and I just wasn't feeling brunch.  I got the ham & brie croissant and my dad got the caprese panini.  We loved them both!  Of course, we all know how I feel about a great beer selection, so I've been hooked on this place for a while.  They actually had a Japanese beer on tap that I fell in love with!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,8/9/2012,76,14,4,9,8>This is the place bar you...1. Must go to if you've never been or are from out of town.2. Take your out of town friends to if you live here.3. Can rely on for the best time on any given night.The highlights:1. The cocktails are beautifully crafted and the selection is top notch.2. The ambiance and music are just what you're looking for.3. The staff is talented in every sense of the word.You should know:1. Only 2 bathrooms and there's often a line, so go next door if you have to go, it's quicker.2. That drink in the bronze mug? Moscow Mule. Get one. They're only $4 on Thursdays.3. Free bottle of champagne on your birthday!4. Buy one get one free mimosas and bloody marys during the day on weekends.5. There's a bar outside in the back too. Always fewer people there.In sum: The best spot in St. Pete, hands down.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,8/8/2012,271,374,,3,2>What you need to order: buffalo burger & sweet potato fries.You can sub any regular burger with buffalo or angus or what-have-you, or build your own. So whatever you want with your buffalo, get it. I cleaned up house on my food, and normally, I don't do that at burger joints. I don't know if that's to say I was super hungry or the food was super good. I'm gonna go with the taste factor. However, it IS a bit pricey, as can be expected for a "gourmet" burger spot. I think I felt better paying the price because it wasn't your regular beef patty... and because I had a Living Social deal.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,8/7/2012,0,9,1,2,2>Inexpensive spot to get my nails done (at least on Mon-Wed when they have a sale). Not too thick, made em skinny and not wide like I asked, my only problem was they didn't know what to charge and were making up prices in their head when it came to designs and such but it still wasn't as expensive as some other places. I forget the lady who did my nails but she was really good and sits right up at the front. Also, it didn't take very long at all. Def recommend.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,8/5/2012,0,13,,6,2>Three of us went here Saturday night.  The decor is old school Italian, which I have no problem with.  Servers were great.  The meals were a little slow to come out (that may be due  to the care in preperation).  Food was fantatic!  I had a Veal dish with light cream that was sliced thin and melted in my mouth!!  I believe you can tell a good Italian Restorant by how good the Veal is.  This is a good Italian Restorant!!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,8/4/2012,15,24,,1,1>FAVORITE SPOT IN YBOR!   delicious, generously poured drinks, awesome staff, good selection of beer on tap, and always, always a good time.  They have Karaoke, pool tables, 2 bars, stools, Futbol, and other sports on tv and some niche sitting areas. They call themselves 7th ave Hooligans for a reason, Owners are always around, drinking, singing, dancing, and making sure that everyone is having a good time. Love , love , love this bar.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,8/3/2012,25,77,,4,2>Now open for BRUNCH! My wife and I tried this out this past Sunday. Brunch is a little tricky for us since we really aren't into the dives and diners that seem to be so popular. SO, I was happy when I drove by Byblos on MacDill last week and noticed their new Sunday brunch hours.First observations are:The food is very good! The most noticeable thing about it is how fresh everything tastes. We had the Spanish Omelet; tasty, light, good. It was served with potatoes and a small slice of watermelon and a few grapes and wheat toast.  All very nice.The service was excellent. As usual at this place. We did have the advantage of being one of only 2 or 3 occupied tables, as opposed to Pinky's around the corner, which is always crowded and service can suffer.The only things I would improve about this place are:1. It's dark - the lighting is the same as what they use at night. Turn on the lights, it's Sunday morning! And the music could be a little lighter as well.2. Falafel - please add that and hummus to the menu!All in all, I do like this place for brunch and recommend it.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,4/11/2014,99,207,1,7,6>I"m not Buddhist, but my mom is and we visited while my parents were in town. We came the weekend of Vietnamese tet (New Year). Very nice grounds! And it just felt very peaceful and serene here. Very nice altars were spread out around the whole place. Each altar seemed to be a stage in Buddha's life or one of his reincarnations (I'm not sure which is correct).There were a few people milling around and paying their respects, I think we missed the big event which was the night prior.Beautiful statues and a variety of exotic plants I've never seen before. The inside of the temple had a gorgeous altar. I don't know much about Buddhism, but coming here makes me want to read Buddha's story and learn more about the religion. I heard the temple in St Pete is bigger, but unfortunately we did not get to visit that one.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,4/10/2014,107,237,9,12,5>The best rooftop bar in the heart of downtown St Pete. Period. It is everything a rooftop lounge should be: great waterfront views, sophisticated atmosphere, multiple seating options, upbeat music with which one can carry on a conversation, and a creative drinks menu.First things first - how to get there: there's an elevator just outside of the Birchwood Hotel neat the Beach Drive entrance.As of the date of this review, they were not charging a cover just for the privilege, for those of you from other cities where you might suspect a cover.Now for the atmosphere: posh, refined, without being pretentious, and fun. The layout is brilliant with posh canopies embellishing one side while high cocktail tables outline the remainder of the bar overlooking the picturesque marina and sofas are situated in the center next to gently roaring firepits. Perfection. I mean who ever dreamed up this idea is a genius and should be hired to plan other rooftop bars. The manager also does a great job with the music selection because it is upbeat music played loud enough to set the mood for a fun atmosphere but not so loud you can't carry on a conversation. And it is not house music or techno or top 40s or (God-forbid) country that is played so you don't have worry with whether or not you're going to be annoyed with the music selection.Oh the drinks! Let me tell you: they do NOT put drink prices on the menu! I find that annoying myself. Martinis are $10. Not bad considering you're drinking it at a fantastic venue. Canopy has a creative drink menu and the drinks are actually strong!Service was prompt and friendly. As soon as you find a spot, you will have a smiling cocktail server to grant your drink wish.Last, but not least, For the ladies and gents who actually put in an iota of effort in dressing appropriately, most people are dressed to impress at night. You have some people slopping up the scene in their disheveled-I-still-dress-like-I'm-in-college look or the oh so familiar and socially unacceptable isn't-a-beach-cover-up-and-sandals-attire-for-­every-occasion look. But they are in the minority.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,4/9/2014,37,159,10,9,6>You might have to wait in line for a few minutes before you're seated. And then you won't be comfortable; you'll feel a little cramped. . And you'll notice the decor feels pretty cheap, or you'll wonder where the decor is at all. But then your food will arrive and you'll be happier.Your coffee comes and you'll be impressed that it's actually a grade level better than your dad's. Your egg scramble has just a touch too much cheese, but your sausage will be spicy (and you like your sausage spicy!). You'll gobble up your grits because they are creamy and plentiful. You'll dive into your pancakes because they will be fluffy. And when your paying your check at the counter, you'll think, "My service was good, my food was delicious and this is a fair price. Boy, that Chad guy is right. Compared to other St. Pete breakfast's, this place deserves four stars" and then you'll go on Yelp and give me some positive clicks.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,4/8/2014,70,258,1,8,5>Bernie's is much better than the 2.5 star rating that is displayed as of this review. That's the nature of a small amount of reviews, though.I have worked nearby for over a year and have passed Bernie's many times on the way to Subway. Finally decided to give it a try today.In browsing the menu online, lots of things sounded delicious, but I ultimately went with buffalo chicken which is their Wednesday special. Had a wheat wrap with bleu cheese and macaroni salad on the side. My friend got fries instead and I wish I had - not because the macaroni salad was bad, but because the standard is apparently seasoned curly fries! They're absolutely delicious too. The macaroni salad had a bit too much dressing for my taste, but I didn't mind because it was very good.On to the wrap - it was on the small side, but it was packed with chicken and just a bit of cheese. Delicious and well prepared. Most places overthink buffalo chicken items...this was plain and simple chicken, hot sauce, and cheese and it rocked. The wrap tasted fresh as well.I will definitely be returning in the near future. Happy to visit a local place for my 200th review and even happier to provide a high rating.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,4/7/2014,251,111,1,9,5>Excellent!!!!! Where shall I start? Being Asian it's hard to find a good authentic place but this place was beyond my expectations. First off when you check in for the first time you get a free appetizer which is super awesome. I got the beef steak pho with meatballs. Now I'm super picky about meatballs and these were just right. Spring rolls tasted so fresh like the peanut sauce was literally fresh. Then I had the Vietnamese coffee, yummy yummy yummy. I will have to try to bahn mi next time unfortunately I was to full to eat anything else. It was so good I wanted to try everything on the menu. Love this place and will return often.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,4/6/2014,201,321,1,9,4>They have peanuts!  Just like Logan's.  So I saw a post on Yelp Talk about this place. I had been here several times years ago, but for some reason we never came back.  Don't remember why.  I don't think it was anything bad.  It just didn't impress me enough to add it to my standard rotation. So, we came back.  The place looks nice. I mean, not in a Charley's kind of nice (meaning fancy) but clean and well organized.  Think a notch less fancy than Red Lobster with lighter colors.  They brought us free peanuts, but you can't throw the shells on the floor.  We ordered the Jack Daniels Buffalo Shrimp appetizer but subbed chicken for the shrimp.  If you are expecting the dark, sweet Jack Daniels sauce from TGI Fridays, you will be disappointed.  It's more buffalo sauce than Jack Daniels, and a bit spicy.  I liked it, but remain puzzled by the Jack Daniels reference in the menu.  I took a picture and posted it.  The portion size was very generous for an appetizer. My wife ordered pasta primavera and I ordered the grilled seafood combo platter, which consisted of grilled tilapia and grilled shrimp.  I posted pics. Both plates were outstanding!  Very large portions, very good taste.  The grilled shrimp seem to have a very light glaze that is not overbearing, and the grilled taste comes through.  All in all, both the Mrs. and I were very happy with our dinners. Service was competent and the prices were good.  Key ingredients to a pleasant dining experience.  I'm a seafood fan, so I will definitely be coming back to try some of the other menu choices.  So for know I will declare myself a fan and shall return.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,4/5/2014,63,67,2,7,4>I highly recommend calling Travis for your next salon visit!  After a bad ombré experience with another stylist I still wanted the look but was nervous to put my hair through another round of bleach. Travis listened to what I wanted and created it perfectly!  No more bad ombré - I left the salon with a subtle, blended look that was almost natural looking... exactly what I asked for!  He even recommended some great at-home Pureology products to protect and strengthen my hair.  I'm usually hesitant to send friends to a stylist (who wants to be the cause of a friend's hair crisis?) but everyone I've sent to Travis has loved their hair after!  I know I can count on him to consistently do a great job.Not only is he great with color, but Travis is the only person my husband will actually pay money to cut his hair.  His cuts are precise, trendy and always thorough.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,4/4/2014,5,82,2,5,2>We were here on a Saturday evening for some dinner and karaoke with a large group of friends.  Our waitress did a pretty good job of keeping our drinks filled, getting our food out to us and maintaining the accuracy of our checks! Unfortunate for the business though, they sent our waitress home and closed out all our tabs around 11 p.m.  Typically, our party would've been transferred to a different server, which didn't happen. Most of us left shortly after this, but I think would've stayed if we'd still had a server to take care of us.  I had a few beers and my wife had the happy hour vodka cranberry special with not a lot of vodka.  We ordered the chicken sandwich and nachos. Beware the nachos are on pub chips not tortilla - remember it's an Irish pub! They were still pretty good and the portions were large.  The karaoke was fun.  We had front and center seating and so were very close to the action. It was very loud, which was unfortunate when the really bad singers got up there (my wife was awful!)   The DJ was great and did a good job of getting the crowd involved.  We would probably try this again. Definitely a fun atmosphere.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,4/3/2014,91,204,4,3,3>I went back to Cigar City brew pub and this time just went for the beer.  It's nice having the option of getting a huge selection of CCB on either side of Tampa.  Because we were in Lutz, it made more sense to make a stop to get our fill of Good Gourd while it's around. Still as heavenly as I remember, but this time it was an Imperial which maybe it was last year too but judging from the volume of my voice as the night went on, I think maybe they up-ed the fermentation a notch.  A-OK from me, it still had the pumpkin pie flavor I loved from last year with an extra dose of me being more fun than I really am.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,4/2/2014,37,234,,5,3>So I am writing this review based on my experience and my fiancés experience. ME: I do not like wine, I am a craft beer drinker. My experience was 5 stars based on the food. THE BURGER WAS MASSIVE. We had a BBQ pork nachos which came with 6 large nachos, covered in amazing BBQ pork and topped with avocados and some other veggies; around $10. THEY WERE WORTH IT!!!! I have a pepper jack and bacon cheese burger with onion strings was about 11.50 and came with fries. IT WAS GOOD. Large portion, cooked medium like I ordered, and the fries were crispy and amazing. I tasted my fiancés pork medallion crusted with maple mustard pretzel amazingness, MELT IN YOUR MOUTH!!!! The main entrees are up there in price 16-45$, but the sandwiches can be gotten at a more reasonable price, especially lunch.  The server was busy with a lot of tables, but everyone was helpful and did not hurt the service.Fiancé: I dropped her and her friend off while I attended cigar city for growler Tuesdays. They both ended up sampling the Lux package (which included chocolate). When I came back they both were feeling good. She enjoyed the wine taster Marina, who was knowledgeable and outgoing. The loved the wine (they are not super wine snobs) and both joined the wine club. She enjoyed her meal very much and cannot stop talking about the pork medallions (approx. 22$). The two of the girls decided to crack a bottle of wine they bought in the wine shop for lunch. It was served in a nifty decanter, and they finished it!!! Since it was her birthday the restaurant sent out a desert plate with a chocolate covered strawberry, a chocolate truffle, and whip cream with a chocolate that said "HAPPY BIRTHDAY". It started our days out PERFECT.WE WILL BE BACK!!!!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,12/10/2013,88,148,2,8,6>At last, I surrendered myself to the American Chinese food. What choice do I have? I am in Oldsmar. While authenticity is out of the window, the only bench mark left to be valuated is the quality. For me, just a bowl of soup tells the tail. Won-Ton soup, a bowl of clear broth with handful dumplings may not impress you as a hard  to make dish. Actually, it is. The best broth takes time simmering down to the right flavor; Won-Ton are all hand made in bite size. Combine these together and top with thin sliced BBQ pork, this inexpensive dish comes with an attitude. How would you interpret it if you know chef put efforts of making an ordinary soup. I have tried at least 5 times eating at this restaurant. The quality of the food has always been consistent because the selection of its ingredients are top quality. I recently tried the 'Malaysian Curry Casserole Beef.' Chef cleverly added sauteed eggplant that enhance the richness of this uncommon dish. Its complex flavor defines Chef Li. It has proven, Chef Li definitely has a pro attitude and he has won my respect. One star short is because its service can be slow. Now I order take out more often and they usually have it prepared in 15 to 20 minutes.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,12/9/2013,107,237,,5,2>Great service, great food, awesome ambiance. We tried several different small plates and the sliders and they were very all very good. I recommend sticking with the small plates or sliders. Seems like people who were less than pleased with their meal ordered entrees. The food we got was all good quality ingredients and well prepared.The ambiance is quite unique; a very seductive scene with padded headboards adorning the walls of reminiscent of a French boudoir. Love it. My only complaint is that with such a sexy looking restaurant, there should be more tables for couples. When we went on a Saturday night it was all groups and big parties inside. So it was not as intimate as i wanted. I think they may have outgrown themselves. Anyway, I suggest making reservations and request a table along the left wall.From the hostess to the waiter to the manager, they were all friendly, prompt and accommodating. We made reservations, which I highly recommend doing, and were say outside but we felt and trickle of rain and they moved us in when they could.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,12/8/2013,149,551,3,7,4>Thanks to Yelp, I just found the best BBQ in all of Tampa Bay! The ribs were fall-off-the-bone good. The pulled pork was incredibly succulent, moist, and flavorful. Five homemade sauces were all very unique and delicious but then we found the sixth, homemade habanero sauce in a secret little bottle with the pit master's face on the label! Zowie! Endorphin time! We got a bottled "to go" to relive the experience...The outside is out-of-date stripmall but the inside is spotlessly clean, pleasantly air conditioned, and decorated with numerous 1st place BBQ trophies!Trek here. Walk here. Hitchhike here. Do what you have to do. Trust me.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,12/7/2013,336,610,,4,3>We had such a wonderful time at Spain Restaurant and Toma Bar. I still can't stop smiling about it.  We stopped by on Saturday night. We probably would have not have stopped by if my Groupon was not expiring. I never really go to downtown Tampa all that much, but I am so happy that we did.  I made a reservation, but did not have any idea that they had a Flamenco show every last Saturday of the month. What a great surprise. We ended up in a back corner seat, but soon got moved up front. Our service was stupendous beyond belief. Our waiter answered our questions with ease, found out about other questions with no problem, and was so very nice. All of our food was amazing and super tasty, and we loved it very much.  We had Vieras Corunesa(Grilled Scallops with a creamy and cheesy sauce - So good).  Croquetas which had a great sauce, Filete de Res which was one of the best. Patatas Bravas with red sauce on the side. The sauce was a bit spicy but we got another sauce to go with it, and lastly, we got an entrée of Filete de Cerdo(pork with pepper sauce). We used the pepper sauce for the patatas(potatoes).  My sangria was great too, but I did ask for a splash of sprite to make it sweeter for me.The music from the flamenco show made me so happy and full of energy. The dancing was beautiful as well.  The sang happy birthday to some people with birthdays flamenco style and that was super cool.  Now, just me warning you, the tables are long tables like cafeteria style. You may think you feel cramped at first but it was not too bad. We were lucky to have people on sides of us who were very nice.  The atmosphere of this place reminds me of Miami style instead of Spain style bc it was all white. I did love it here. I thought it was amazing, wonderful, Top of the Line, Best of the Best. I would definitely come back again. I think it is a nice date place if you eat earlier than the show, take in the deliciousness of the food, and talk and relax, and then watch the show afterwards. It's hard to hear anyone when the show is going on, that's why it's better to come a little bit earlier, maybe like a 7 pm dinner, and then the show around 8.  It is also a great celebration place like a birthday bc I so loved the Birthday song flamenco style.  They also have guitar on Fridays. I would also love that too. They have outside seating as well, so bring your dog, but you won't see the show, but you will have great service and delicious food.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,12/6/2013,94,97,2,5,2>The Farm to Table movement has become increasingly popular throughout the country but most notably in big cuisine culture cities like San Francisco and Asheville.  Thankfully, Tampa Bay has heard, noted and responded to the movement.  Farm to table eateries have gradually been sprouting up around town and I couldn't be happier and hungrier for it.   Enter Marchand's Bar and Grill at the Renaissance Vinoy in St Pete.  As if this breathtakingly beautiful hotel wasn't desirable enough, there is now a restaurant serving strictly locally sourced food.  This means from the seafood and land meat to the numerous fruits and veggies- every ingredient comes from local farms and fishermen.  Even if you aren't a legitimate foodie, you have to appreciate supporting local businesses.     By the time my chair was pushed in behind me, I was anxious to begin feasting on what would likely be a memorable meal.  Although I usually resist bread before dinner, Marchands' doughy, cheesy goodness was too delectable to miss.  Cheddar sourdough spread with sun-dried tomato butter was the best bread course I've ever had.  However, I immediately regretted my carb chomping.  First course was served: Croque Madame.  Served on brioche and filled with a semi-soft cheese and meat from a humanely raised Georgia hog, this fancy sandwich was quite the little number.  Topped with a fried quail egg and paired with a shooter of silk onion soup, I was in culinary bliss.  Sipping on our first wine of the night, Acrobat Pinot Noir, I felt that everything was just too good to be true.   Next on our forks was a Golden Tile fish with Romanesco Cauliflower, Sun chock hush puppies and Rock shrimp.  The mild, white Golden Tile fish was impeccably cooked, showing off a crispy skin covering its moist flakiness.  Throwing in a crispy hush puppy as well as a rare extra flowery cauliflower and you've got one incredible dish.  Oh, and rock shrimp...I mean baby lobsters, well, those little beauties rule my food loving world. This delightful round of seafood was paired with a wonderful white- Hahn SLH Estate Chardonnay. Perfection. ***For the full review, visit: leslie-floyd.com/2013/03
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,12/5/2013,88,115,2,3,2>As good as it gets!  I lived in New York City for 20+ years and half that time I had an amazingly talented stylist cut my hair.  When I moved to Tampa, all the hair cutters do is ask you what number to use on the electric hair cutter.  I could cut my own hair if it were that simple.These folks do give you the attitude or act as pretentious as most of the salons seem to be in South Tampa. or at least the ones I went to get haircuts and were definitely treated like I wasn't accepted or a regular...  Rob is a well trained & seasoned stylist.  Great guy to talk to about politics, business, culture & travel.  He understand my fun, thick, wavy & complicated hair.  Well use of clippers and a good eye for hair.  I've recommended them to many people and almost all respond how well they were treated and great they looked after being styled by Rob or Ana.Great services for nails, massages.  Very convenient location in South Tampa and reasonably priced for the quality.  Yelpers who like to support local business, please consider Kensington...
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,12/4/2013,62,105,1,2,1>I think this has moved up pretty high on my list of weekend breakfast spots. Even though I stuck to a healthy egg white bowl with turkey sausage, I still thought the meal was above average! My husband had their crispy specialty French toast ( don't remember the exact name) and wow! That may have been the breakfast dish I have ever had!I know this place gets crowded, and is smaller. But we are early risers and like the little outdoor tables, so it has never been an issue. Service was good also. I recommend it!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,12/3/2013,37,159,3,4,3>I wouldn't call Rollin' Oats a "health food store'. It's a grocery stores along the lines of Whole Foods but on a much smaller scale. You can get some fair prices deals there but for the most part, prices are a little elevated (similar to Whole Foods). It's not a Traders Joe's clone by any means. You can order prepared food in the back and sit in a detached dinning room, that has the feel of a doctor's office. Eating in there is an awkward experience. Give it a try and let me know if you feel the same.The people that work there are always kind and helpful. But the building is small (you'll get in other's way) and the parking lot presents some difficulties. If you're a person who buys organics and small boxes of food at inflated prices, this is your place. I, myself, prefer a bigger store with more options and more space. But I'm glad St. Pete has this place. It's great for craft beer!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,12/2/2013,112,150,,6,2>I love Mexican food far above all the restand finding a great spot in Tampa that is the besthas been a fun job of having to testThat being said, Zim Zari is a fun place to eatnot typical mexican with tons of heatbut a Coastal Cali vibe menu that is pretty neatMenus are big ol' surfboards to go along with their themeStaff has always been friendly working together as a teamThe fajitas were delicious that the hubs and I sharedthe chips and salsa were flavorful, fresh, and perfectly pairedI will definitely be back to try more of their menubecause their vibe is fun, food is great, what I like in a venue!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,12/1/2013,97,705,,14,7>This is probably the best kept secret in Tampa Bay (but its ridiculously hard to find their hours).Located by Ray Jay, the Tutored Chef is part of the Art Institute Culinary School.On the dinner menu they have the following:AppetizerSoup de jour Pizza of the day 5 entrees 2 dessertsFor $14 you can choose a combo of any 3.  For $16, a combo of 4.  For $18 a combo of 5.Go with the 5.  The portions are small, more of a tasting than an actual full portion, but where they lack in size they more than make up for in presentation and flavor. The menu changes with the semester and I am looking forward to trying it again very soon.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,3/26/2013,104,109,4,6,4>The first thing that will strike you about Besa Grill is the beautiful interior. It's chic, sexy and very South Beach. It will leave you thinking "Are we really on McMullen Booth Rd?" The quality and beautiful presentation of the food stands up to the first impression, and the well-curated cocktail menu will leave you wanting to try them all! I had the Skinny Basil Gimlet, which was fresh, light and tasty.Let's start with the appetizers. The guacamole trio is a must-have. The chef's ceviche is a citrusy and light way to start your meal. For entrees, my new favorites upon this last visit were the Parisian Chicken  (Sundried tomatoes, melted brie, arugula? Heaven!)  I have long been a fan of their flavorful tacos as well.I am a bread pudding connoisseur and and the Bolillo Plantain Bread Pudding takes the cake as the best one I have had. Move over, Columbia! It's served with a scoop of dulce de leche ice cream, rolled in cinnamon sugar anda dollop of homemade whipped cream. Wow! I finished off the meal with this, paired with an espresso, served with a rock sugar stick on the side. Love that detail!Not only is the food delicious, the service is impeccable and the staff really knows their stuff, so if you're not sure what to order, they will work with you to choose the perfect recommendation. I already have my order picked out for my next visit, and it includes the Vera Cruz Grouper and Chile Relleno, which they can do baked, not fried. I highly recommend Besa Grill for a date night, girls' night out or group dinner with friends.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/25/2013,81,138,,5,4>Last night was my first experience at Boca and it was hands down one of the best meals I've had in a while. My friend and I had a 6:15 reservation but we arrived early and had no trouble getting in. That's a great reward to going out to dinner on a Tuesday night early in South Tampa! Boca prides itself on fresh, local ingredients and a lot of organics which I don't really care too much about but after eating their meals I can certainly taste the difference, We were greeted promplty by our server and I ordered a lovely organic Pinot Noir. I love the organic wines because they never seem to give me a headache which I can get from red wine very easily. For a starter we both selected soup. I had their version of the tomato bisque and with the fresh, local heirloom tomatoes, it was divine. Nice, warm, and creamy, exactly what you want from tomato soup! My friend had the tomatoe and watermelon gazpacho and let me taste it. I can't decide which was better! They were both awesome, awesome soups.As for dinner we both chose the special of the night, known as the "Staff Meal." It changes frequently but last night it was grilled chicken with a red pepper sauce, asparagus that was divine, served over a pancetta polenta. Yup, that's right: pancetta polenta. I died and went to bacon heaven. Everything was perfectly cooked and served nice and hot. The final delight of our dinner was the dessert. We chose the Chambord Sabayon and Fresh Berries. This is an Italian custard made with eggs and yes, Chambord served with the most delicious berries I've ever eaten. From start to finish this meal and restaurant were excellent. The vibe is great and the decor is interesting and yet still feels homey and warm. I'll be a regular at Boca for sure and I can't wait to go back!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/24/2013,73,57,3,5,4>I had the cupcakes from The Baker's Gallery at the Sustany event. This actually turned out to be one of my favorites. From the alluring pull of delicious, from-scratch cupcakes, to the infectious laughter of Gene and Philippe, who passionately described and showed pictures of the shop's work. If you have ever wanted to eat your shoe, this place will make your dreams come alive. Gene's sister, Alexandra Auguste, is the mastermind of this operation. Haiti lost some extremely talented bakers when these women came to Tampa. I was taken aback after tasting the Bavarian Cream cupcake. The cupcake is like a delicious texture party in your mouth, with the moist cake, smooth sugary icing, and the rich Bavarian cream that filled the middle. I was sold. We came back twice; we couldn't help it! You can get these cupcakes, and many more delectable flavors, at their shop on Bruce B. Downs. Be sure to check out their beautiful cakes while you are there. Oh, and for those of you who have had unpalatable fondant on cakes before, these ladies use a sugary delicious bakers modeling clay. It's like fondants cuter, nicer sister.For photos and more on the event, check on the write up on my blog!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,3/23/2013,98,216,2,7,3>This is my go to place when I have people visit from out of town.  The new building (as of 1/11/11) is rated one of the top 10 you should see in your life time and once you've seen it you'll agree.  It is like nothing else out there and the art work is a true match . . . its all very surreal!!  Dali would be proud.Out back in the courtyard they have brought in the huge mustache from the billboard that used to hang in Tampa, you can get your picture with it.  There is also a wishing tree and maze through bushes.I suggest doing a docent guided tour over the ear phones - I've done both and like the personal touch of the person who can answer my questions plus I've been with several docents and they all focus on different things.  Plan 4-5 hours and include a stop at Cafe Gala for lunch.The gift shop is awesome too.  They have an area for private events and you can visit the gift shop with out paying for entry to the gallery.  They have lots of special events so check the calendar before you go.  Saturday mornings are usually family focused.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/22/2013,112,184,2,10,2>What a delight.  Everything from the greeting to the eating was wonderful. The only negative that I can see in this place is if you are a meat eater, you probably will not appreciate the delicacies served here.  It is vegetarian. The dining room was very quaint and simply functional; in fact, it is an old "Pizza Hut" if you can take the irony of it now being a vegetarian restaurant; however, a great location for a simple delicious healthy meal.  I ordered the Spring Rolls with the Mi Xao Thap Cam (Number 21) which was egg noodles stir fried with mixed vegetables and tofu.  They served the Spring Rolls fresh and hot leaving a light crispy texture.  The vegetables inside were very delicate.  The sauce that accompanied the Spring Rolls was very flattering with a mild sweetness.  The main dish included a mix of vegetables and tofu topped on egg noodles that provided a symphony of delightful flavors.  The vegetables were carrots, mushrooms, broccoli, and red peppers with a fresh crunchy taste.  The egg noodles perfectly complimented the lightly browned tofu.  The whole combination was satisfying but not over filling.  I definitely plan to return.  This place deserves a visit whether you are a committed vegetarian or just looking for an occasional change from the everyday. A great place to try.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,3/21/2013,125,98,2,5,4>Oh, my goodness, get ready for a remarkable meal!My husband took me to Edison for my birthday. We walked in, and the host was incredibly friendly. He sat us at our designated table. We weren't a huge fan where we were sat, so we asked for a more intimate table in the back corner. The had no problem at all moving us.Their menu is divided into tapas, hot apps, cold apps, salads & soups, and then the entrees. It is actually a pretty extensive menu, with something on it for everyone. For our appetizer, we ended up ordering the goat cheese balls. For some reason, I was expecting them to come out warm, but they were cold. It ended up being a nice surprise. They had a kind of fruit glaze underneath them, which complimented the cheese and filling very well. It was the perfect way to start the meal.They have a pretty extensive beer and wine list, but don't serve liquor (yet). Wine is served by the glass, the flask, and the bottle. We ended up getting a flask to split between the two of us, which yielded about 2.5-3 glasses. It was the perfect amount. I can't remember the name, but we were recommended a red blend of some sort. It had a bite at the end, but went down smooth. I would get it again.For dinner, I got the mint chile peanut crusted yellowfin tuna. It was unbelievable. There was just the right amount of chile flavor without being too spicy. The fried rice underneath the fish was a bit salty, but it ended up complimenting the tuna nicely. There was also a very good size portion of tuna. I was pretty stuffed by the end of the meal. My husband ordered the sea scallops and roasted bone marrow. It was a very different meal for sure, but he loved it. There was an actual half of a beef bone sitting on his plate, with the bone marrow seasoned and roasted. I couldn't get myself to try it, but he raved about it. By the time we finished up our meals, we were much too full to get the dessert.Our service was great the entire time. Our waitress gave us amazing recommendations on everything that we asked for, and all of her suggestions were right on point. We never had to ask for refills of any sort, and had an awesome experience. Edison is a bit on the pricier side for dinner, but I will be back for another special occasion. Such a great meal!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,3/20/2013,88,148,2,7,3>I have been wondering why there is no Whole Food store at Pinellas county. Turn out we have Nature's Food Patch Market & Cafe at Clearwater. I went there once and It is now my 'Whole Food Too' store to go. Organic vegetable are priced fairly. I picked few bunch of on sale broccoli only cost 2.69/p. That is the same price of farm broccoli sold at Publix. Meat and Seafood section offers variety choices. This trip we bought grass-fed ribeye steak (15 to 16 per pound). The difference between marked grass-fed and regular ribeye, is the marked one means the cow has been grass-fed; The other ribeye is also grass fed but at the final month the cow was fed with corn so it gains more fat. Price is less one dollar differenceI briefly checked the Diary section and Health Suppliments. It is not as large as Whole Food but you will spend good amount time there look for interesting products. Deli section is clean and well managed. There are plenty to choose and  cooked food looks great. On site cafe has indoor and outdoor seatings. I will give a try next time.Location is convenient for Clearwater and beach resorts. Easy access to Highway 60. There are plenty parking space.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/19/2013,203,229,3,12,9>This place is definitely a Tampa gem. All the reviews were extremely helpful to set up my expectations for this place and boy, did it not disappoint.Musts: Bring cash, arrive early, go on an empty stomach.We arrived to the temple around 10:18 am and there were already cars parked and pulled in. There was someone directing traffic so that was nice to lessen the confusion. We pulled into a concrete parking lot being one of the first cars to park in that section (the lot right next to the river looked full and parking was less organized there).  By the time we left around 11:30 am, the lot we were in was completely packed with more cars pulling in trying to find parking. The early bird...The temple itself is gorgeous! After visiting Thailand this December, I can really appreciate the fact that we have a Thai temple like this one in our city. Love it!The location is beautiful with plenty of seating right outside near the river but since it was chilly, most people opted for the indoor seating. There was a section solely dedicated to Thai desserts that were already pre-packaged and ready to carry out. I noticed many people bringing bags and bags of food home. I could smell the fried chicken wings right next to the dessert stall bring sold for $5 a container. This stall also sold fish curries and Thai papaya salad.When you turn the corner you see the fried bananas stall. They sell it in a $3 portion and a $5 portion. They also fried sweet potatoes but I opted for the $3 fried bananas. It was a generous portion served in a paper bag soaking up the residual oil. I couldn't help but notice that every group literally had a bag to share at every table. I stood in line for the noodle soups. You had the option of thin, medium or thick noodles. You also picked between beef and pork. The lines moved fairly quickly and the staff was extremely friendly. Every customer had a smile on their face. It was definitely a fun crowd of strangers to stand in. I chose an order of pork thin noodle soup and beef thin noodle soup. Two bowls of noodles for $10? Count me in! Condiments, spices and utensils could be found along the wall across the stalls. While I stood in line, my boyfriend and brother went to the curry section. My boyfriend came back with a fried rice with chicken, bamboo shoot curry over it. My brother came back with Panang Pork curry and a beef curry over rice. $10 in total (seriously, the price can't be beat)We made our way to the indoor seating area with cafeteria style seating. I really liked how casual it was. The food was delicious! I also noticed everyone was extremely good about cleaning up after themselves, busing their own trays and throwing away extra trash. The bathrooms were extremely clean too (always a bonus)We went to check-out the river view and get some skewers from the stall out back. We ended up trying one of each skewer they were offering including the chicken hearts. Our favorite was definitely the pork skewer that was marinated and charred perfectly. $1/skewer!We also picked up some Thai iced tea before we went to buy our fried bananas. $1 for a cup of Thai iced tea is amazing. I mean, it's mostly ice but it tasted fantastic. The fried bananas were delicious and a must. We were absolutely stuffed but I knew we couldn't go without trying them. I'm actually proud that I stopped at two slices. I could have finished the whole thing but I knew I would explode :)This is definitely something I'd go back again. I also noticed that dog owners would bring their dogs while enjoying the food at the picnic tables. Love that it's pet friendly.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,3/18/2013,119,94,4,8,4>Simply the best Seafood Market in Tampa  Bay. It's really out of the way for me and I still go at least once a month. They've got a great selection that fresh with fair pricing. They are definitely the place to go during crawfish season! The guys that work there are also great. I swear one day I'm going to grab a beer in there and hang out for a little bit. They are funny, friendly and knowledgable. They also know how the cook their bounty. Ever tip I've taken from them has paid off. Also, try their smoked fish spread. They usually have it sitting in a bucket of ice so they can ensure a sale- this stuff is that good. They make their own Datil Pepper Sauce to go on them. This stuff doesn't last in my house. It's good on everything from a cracker to seafood to pork to chicken. Hell, it might be good on ice cream.They've been working on the bar/restaurant behind the store for over a year. I'm excited to check it out when they open it. It'll be a pretty view and if it's anything like the store the waitstaff will make you feel like you're hanging out with old friends.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,3/17/2013,104,217,3,10,5>"I cannot believe that I'm enjoying food that was made in a gas station!"  That's what I was thinking as I was eating my first hoagie (what they call a sub) from Wawa.  I've been reading about this convenience chain that was set to make its presence known in the Tampa Bay area for a long time and I have to say that my first experiences with them have not been disappointing!  Wawa is how you've imagined a convenience store could be instead of what you're used to.  They're not small, their ATM doesn't have outrageous fees, and instead of strange, who knows how old hot-dog-like food items rolling on grill in front of you they have freshly prepared, good food.I usually like getting my subs from my local grocery store.  As good as the subs are it's always somewhat of a train wreck getting one.  The deli area is always crowded with no real lines and people jockeying for position.  Plus I always seem to get behind the people that either can't decide what they want or have the most complicated sub order imaginable.  The system Wawa has eliminates that.  There are multiple touch screens where you can place your order.  If you've never been to a Wawa before I would recommend looking for one of the employees that's wearing (!) a touch screen.  While you're placing your order you can ask them any questions you have.  If someone's taking too long just go to another touch screen.  After your order is complete you'll get a printed ticket.  You can then browse the store and go pay.  After that when they call your order number you pick it up and you're out the door.  It's a very efficient system.As far as the sub itself I got a toasted chicken parmesan sub on wheat bread and it was quite good.  It blows away similar subs I would get at the local sub chains around here.  Not only is the food better but Wawa is open 24 hours. If you're feeling naughty there are lots of options to curb a sweet tooth.  Pre-packaged items include such decadence as Reese's Peanut Butter Cup pie slices.  Fresh made items such as doughnuts and chocolate chip muffins were available also.There are plenty of healthy choices available as well.  There's Greek yogurt, salads, and a surprising number of perishable food choices such as fresh apple and orange slices.  I chose a container of mixed fruit.Considering that there are many more locations that will be opening around Tampa I see a lot of Wawa in my future!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,9/2/2012,203,229,3,7,4>Being Taiwanese myself, I'm always on the lookout for a legit boba place wherever I go. I finally found my way here with my little brother today and I'm happy to say that I'm a fan! The bobas (tapioca balls) were perfectly chewy (or I would say Q~~). Sadly, my almond milk tea was not good in my opinion. It was way too powdery/milky and not enough tea flavor. I did enjoy the taste of my brother's Passion Fruit Mango Slush but it was very sweet. I can't wait to come back and try more flavors.The price was reasonable around $3-4 a drink. Their drink menu is pretty extensive from milk teas, teas, juice to slushies. You can choose to add boba, red beans, green beans, lychee jelly into your drink for an extra cost. It's cash only so be prepared! I had to dig for all the quarters in my car since this was a spontaneous pit-stop.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,9/1/2012,379,222,7,8,6>This restaurant, literally a transformed bus, is without a doubt one of my favorite food stops in town. They boast a very veggie/vegan friendly menu (with typical meat replacements) that includes things like butternut squash filling (or, you know, tostada topping?!). Great lunch, dinner and daily specials are also a selling point.But the topper? I mean, the real here's-why-I-keep-coming-back deal sealer? THE GREEN SAUCE! Guys. There are no words for me to share with you the epic (possibly crack infused?) addictive flavor this is. I used to say Sriracha was my favorite hot sauce, and when it comes to Asian foods that may be true, but on the whole? The Taco Bus green sauce. It's like the nectar of the gods. It's as if angels cried and these are their celestial tears- ready for us to devour and pleasure our tas- okay, I'm going a bit far, but I think you get the picture.This place has been in business for ages (pretty sure my mom used to come here when she was in college). They have recently started expanding to include a location in downtown Tampa, St. Pete and are close to opening a non-bus location on Fletcher. But I'll be honest when I say the original is best and will always most favoritest! I encourage, nay, demand all Tampa goers, visitors and natives alike!, to visit and report back with your findings. Do it!!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/18/2012,8/31/2012,122,103,5,5,2>Whatever you do - get the 1905 Salad with your meal. I have had quite a few touch and go moments with the Columbia, yet I always refer people to go here for the experience.Service is always slow. Almost always rude. In fact, in 5 visits, I have never had good service here and have always spent $100+. But the food is good. The Sangria is historical and the salad is out of control. Last time we came, we had two of the most expensive items on the menu - New York Strip Sirloin "The Bambino" and Filet Mignon "Chacho". The Bambino had ZERO flavor and the Chacho had too much flavor. Our bill that night for two people was $150 and the waiter still treated us like we were a parasites. ODD. Yet with this past experience, we will go back again. Sometimes you feel like an abused spouse - and it is all about ambiance and the 1905 salad.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,8/30/2012,84,214,2,10,7>This fast paced and modern concept for sushi is so advanced that many have not heard of it before. Rollbotto is the first place I've been to that served up sushi in a "Chipotle" style environment. You're able to customized your sushi the way you like it and stand in front of a glass case full of fresh ingredients. There are also a few machine that does the work for you, for example the one that presses rice onto the nori and a machine that cuts up your roll into equal parts! Very friendly staff and also plenty of seating inside and a few tables outside. This modern cafe like restaurant is def what you need in Florida.Don't fear about this "fast food" style sushi because it's as fresh as it gets! The food  I ate was fresh and delicious and it was prepared in just a few minutes right in front of your eyes. I wish it was right down the street from me because I would be there everyday! There's plenty of rolls on their menu or you can customize one yourself. They are all pretty cheap too.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,8/29/2012,143,262,3,6,3>After a couple years since I've first visited this joint, I had to come back to see what I was missing. My friends and I needed a morning-after remedy to yet another extravagant Saturday night celebration. I remembered seeing the raves about the burger at the Chattaway. Naturally, I follow the burger. I feel obliged to let you know ahead of time... BRING CASH!Now that that's out of the way. We pulled in to the unpaved parking lot in which my buddy mentioned how he was thinking "what a cool looking place" and was delighted to have parked in the establishment. The feel is very.. comfortable (for a lack of other words). Benches and patio furniture are scattered throughout the outdoor dining area in which they provide canopies for shade. The perimeter is lined with tubs - Yes. Like bathroom tubs. - filled with plants to create a fence. Everything is just so relaxed at the Chattaway. The dining ambiance was pleasurable for a relaxing Sunday. One thing to note, is their story on the back of their menu. My friends were thoroughly enjoying the read while I was thoroughly enjoying my beer. Obviously, I have my priorities straight. Never made it around to reading but maybe you might?I've seen the Chattaway come up a lot in discussion about burgers around the bay. I had to check it out again - because I won't remember anything from my initial experience three years ago. The burger itself was good. They most certainly use quality meat in their burgers. My only knock is that their serving for fries was sorely limited. Had it not been for the pitcher of beer, I would've left still hungry. Don't get me wrong. The 7oz burger was a delightful treat and it most certainly hit the spot. I just love to pick at fries. It appears as though there looks to be more visits up ahead in the near future. Perhaps we may even catch some live music to send this place through the roof with their ambiance. Even then, their acoustic background music served up the perfect feel for the venue.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,8/28/2012,73,111,,7,3>The beach has very few gems, but Chill is one of them. I've heard great things about it but have never been in, despite the 5 years I've worked on the beach. When a friend wanted to get together one day after work and asked me to choose where, I instantly thought of Chill.It's pretty unassuming from the outside. It's in a plaza so there's plenty of parking. I was pleasantly surprised by the inside. Very nicely decorated with dark wood and simple decor. My friend and I came at almost 5 so we were the only ones there, but the place slowly started to fill up as we were there. Our waiter, was extremely nice (almost too nice). Since it was our first time there he did a great job at explaining their concept and their specials.We each had a glass of white wine and shared the baked brie appetizer, which had sauteed apples and walnuts. It was delicious! The wine wasn't half bad either and they had lots of wine at great price points. FYI They only serve beer and wine. They also have sangria, which I want to try next time.Overall, it was a very pleasant experience at Chill and I'll definitely be back! It's a nice change from all the divey beach bar and grills. There is also a coffee shop connected, called Steam, which looks nice too.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,8/27/2012,65,528,4,7,6>Do you want a fantastic adventure for a day? Allen's Aquatic Adventures offers knee,wake,skim and waterboarding, water skiing and snorkeling. You can also go to Egmont Key or take a sunset cruise.His jet boat, a Yamaha, can seat six guests, has a wake boarding tower and a pretty awesome stereo system. Guests can bring their own food/drinks and he has anple room for clinet's coolers, snorkeling gear and boards.I had the opportunity to take a run out to Egmont Key and was quite impressed with how the boat ran and his professionaldemeanor. It was a lot of fun to say the least! Allen has his Captain's license and is very capable behind the wheel. He launches from Jungle Prada in St. Petersburg and does the water sports there in the inter-coastal waterway.Our trip to Egmont Key State Park  was amazing. The island is several miles SSW of St. Petersburg. The beach is pristine and theisland includes a bird sanctuary on the south end. The ruins of Fort Dade, which lay more to the north, offer a wonderful opportunityfor exploration. Some of the fort is now submerged , creating natural reefs and offers a great place for snorkeling. The beach itselfis a haven for shellers and swimmers. Upon returning from the island, we hit the inter-coastal, picking up Allen's two friends and proceeded to put on a fantastic showof wake skating and boarding.. These guys tore it up using the boat's wake! Really made it look easy!People interested should contact Allen as his prices vary for the various types of adventures. The waters are warming, spring is at hand and it's prime time for getting aquatic!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,8/26/2012,204,405,4,7,2>If you've enjoyed classic Florida fish shacks, smoked fish restaurants, or even fish camps in other parts of the Southeast, Ugies is your kind of place.  In fact, except for the lack of any view of water, the facilities are a good step up from most I've ever eaten at.   Ugies is located in the  Fountains Plaza Shopping Center, on the west side of Hwy 19 North, south of Alderman.  The interior it bright and cheery, with large picnic tables, round tables and semi-booths with chairs indoors, and outdoor seating on the sidewalk.   And universally, every staff member we interacted with was extremely friendly and helpful. The fast casual menu is a bit limited (and most all priced a la carte), but priced well with virtually everything below $10.  There are just 2 appetizers (smoked fish spread and shrimp queso & chips), and for entrees only smoked salmon and mullet, steampot peel 'n eat shrimp and crawfish, fish or shrimp tacos, grilled fish plate or sandwich, chicken breast sandwich, hamburger, garlic shrimp pasta bowl, and grilled cheese  (a nice touch for the kids).  While there's only one romaine wedge salad you can add grilled fish/shrimp/chicken to, there are some "belly warmers" like chowder, bisque, jambalaya, red beans 'n rice, etc.  For sides there are 10 items priced under $1.50 for a small bowl.I ordered the half-pound of peel 'n eat shrimp with a cup of jambalaya, and my guest ordered the grilled fish plate and a side of cajun sweet potatoes.   Even though there was a bit of a line when we arrived, it moved quickly and our order was taken promptly.   After a very short wait our orders arrived.   The cup of jambalaya was a healthy portion, with just the right mix of shrimp, chicken, Andouille and rice in a nicely spiced broth.  Ugies got this one right....it wasn't the best jambalaya I've had in the area (that prize goes to Nita's Place in Largo...unfortunately now closed), but it's a good bit better than many other places in town that miss the mark.My shrimp was a heaping mound of very-to-extra large shrimp (I counted ~20) with a small side of Cuban bread.  And big props for only serving real-deal Cuban bread from La Segunda bakery which supplies some of the best Cuban/Latin restaurants in Tampa (including Columbia Restaurant).  The shrimp were cooked extremely well and nicely seasoned, with good sized portions of drawn butter and cocktail sauce, too.   The shrimp portion was seriously large, as I could barely finish it.  If you're used to the limited portions or small shrimp offered up at so many other fish chains/restaurants, Ugies will be a pleasant surprise, especially for the price. The grilled fish was a healthy sized 9" filet of triggerfish, a white fish with light, appealing taste, perfectly cooked with both flakiness and moisture, with a light/sweet corn muffin on the side.   The triggerfish was served with an excellent remoulade that added just the right amount of kick to the mild white fish flavor.  The fish portion was more than my guest could finish.  They are also a huge sweet potato fan and liked the mix of flavors of the Cajun sweet potatoes.  I'm not a fan of anything sweet, so I found the mix of Cajun and sweet flavors a bit odd on my palate.  But at $1.50 or less for all the sides, it's fairly inexpensive to just try any of them and see if you like them.There are no assigned servers at Ugies, but that doesn't mean any lack of attention, as our table was often frequented by servers and the owner, Ugie, himself asking if we needed anything and to clean up empty plates.   If you're only used to conventional restaurants with a server stopping by occasionally, the attention is almost overwhelming.   But I thought it was just right, and I can imagine if you're at one of the picnic tables for 8 people with platters and plates covering the table, that kind of attention would be extremely welcome just to keep some elbow room.I thought Ugies was a great value, with portions sized as big or bigger than most any place I've eaten at roughly half the price, and the shrimp and fish tasted very fresh.  I liked the a la carte menu, as I often don't find the sides at many restaurants appealing to what I'm hungry for, no matter how good they taste.  If you're used to getting your fish/shrimp at one of Tampa/Pinellas' many seafood restaurants or even chains like Red Lobster, you might find the menu limiting, but that limitation's not unusual at many fast casual restaurants.   I liked the trade off of excellent food at great prices, as I've eaten at far too many of the well-known seafood places around the area and been disappointed with paying $20 for less than exciting meals.I definitely want to go back to Ugies to try out the fish/shrimp tacos and more sides.   Until then, I'll hold my food score at 4 and bump it to five if they're as good as the shrimp/grilled fish.   My scores on the Florida fish joint scale:Atmosphere:   4Service:   5Food:   4Value:  5
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,8/25/2012,107,182,4,7,5>Real - Deal - Best - Grouper - Sandwich!Hands down, the winner of all Tampa Bay.  Don't be distracted by touristy spots along the beach that say they are the best.  All of the Dockside Daves have the biggest portion of REAL flaky thick white grouper around.  I have had it grilled, fried and blackened and all are incredible.  I also stole a few bites of the Grouper Ruben as well from my mom once and it was quite a treat and a unique take on the OG Reuben.  Think Cole Slaw instead. Great appetizer - try the incredible fish spread which is a nice size portion for a few people to share. I also order the 2 crab cakes on the appetizer menu for less than $5.00 and have an incredible meal. Great spot to share onion rings (super fatty and greasy but oh my goodness good). I miss the old Dockside Daves which was actually DOCKSIDE!  It had an incredible ambiance to sit by the water.  None the less, it's one of our fave spots.  We eat there often and never had a bad experience. I would highly recommend and taste the best grouper in town!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,8/24/2012,103,779,1,12,5>I absolutely LOVE this restaurant!  They have Japanese Horigotatsu, meaning the seating arrangements on Japanese tatami floor where they have sunken areas beneath the dining tables for comfortable leg room.  Their fish is so fresh and has the best quality in Tampa bay.   I love the way Koba-san cuts the fish....so thick!  Yes it is on a pricier side but it is well worth it.  Their menu doesn't have many special rolls either, since it is more traditional Japanese sushi style rather than Americanized.  Do not forget to order Tuna Tataki...it comes with delicious sauce and a lot of scallion and smelt roe to enrich the flovor.  If you like fresh thick cut sashimi...you should definitely check this place out!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,9/24/2012,65,344,2,7,6>This place was fantastic.We went because my husband was craving a burger, and I wanted to try a local, non-chain restaurant.  What a wonderful surprise!The best part of the place was the amazing service we received.  Our waiter was constantly checking on us (in a non-obnoxious way) and refilling drinks.  More impressively, the owner came to our table multiple times, remembered our names, and even comped us dessert.I had the fried pork chop sandwich, and it was wonderful.  I went with the super spicy sauce, which had the right amount of kick for me.  Apparently most people find it too spicy, so even after the waiter insisted that I order the sauce on the side, the owner came out to make sure that I didn't want to switch to the normal spicy sauce.  Whatever.  Oh, the fries were perfectly crisp, and I loved the spices.My husband had his cheeseburger, and he enjoyed it.  He had a cup of chili instead of fries, and he said that he'd happily order it again.As I mentioned above, dessert was on the house.  The owner insisted that we try the orangesicle cheesecake, which tasted very orange-y and rich.  It was great (if you love oranges -- and I do), but next time, I want to try the neapolitan cheesecake.The homemade chips and ranch dip were phenomenally simple yet tasty.  I'd go back to EATS again just for the chips and a beer.  But, of course, then I'd want the cheesecake.  And a fried pork sandwich.  Oh, be forewarned: on Tuesdays, kids eat free, so Tuesdays are crowded with kids.  That might or might not be a positive in your book.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,9/23/2012,98,216,,3,3>Best Brunch in the area.  It is pricey, but worth it!!  They have unlimited mimosa's for an extra $7 or a bloody mary bar (full bar available).  They can easily accommodate groups and have two private rooms - reserve in advance.  It would be easier to tell you what foods they don't have on this amazing brunch because the menu is so varied and extensive.  I loved the antipasto table with fresh grilled veggies, pizza, pasta, cheeses, olives, etc.  They have a sushi chef on hand making fresh rolls and the raw bar has crab legs, shrimp and today included a sea bass - yum!  The bread table offers a huge assortment and 3-4 kinds of smoked/fresh fish and toppings.  There is a carving station which today had ham and strip loin along with brisket short ribs - my table said they were succulent and they'd never had better.  I liked the root vegetable mash.  If you want an omelet or eggs made to order no problem, all the standard breakfast options are there along with eggs benedict.  Fresh fruit, berries, granola, yogurt, cheeses take up an entire 8 ft table.  In addition the waitress (we had Allie and Chelsea and they were fantastic) said they fresh make pancakes, waffles and french toast all we have to do is let them know.  They explained that each week there are also special features that are made out of the kitchen and gave us a menu.  I got the scallop over seaweed salad and I love that it was not sitting for a long time in a chaffing dish, but made fresh and made to order!!  You don't get that too often on a brunch buffet.There was a man playing the baby grand piano and the manager explained that they are going to be having a harpist, violinist and saxophonist in future weeks.  The atmosphere at The Vinoy overall is historical elegance with modern touches.  The lobby has a Dale Chihuly glass piece that is beautiful.  You will NOT leave hungry.  Pick a special event or make one up and splurge
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,9/22/2012,67,151,3,7,4>Wow. Support small and locally owned  businesses and sometimes you truly get rewarded! The attention to detail was VERY impressive, every single plate that I saw looked beautiful. When a plate of food passes your table and it looks so good that you change your order, now that says something. It wasn't me, I stuck to my guns and am so glad that I did. Everything is made in house and the waitress took the time to describe the things that we need to know, such as the hollandaise sauce is "lighter" than most and the french toast was baked and more like a bread pudding. Important things to know when making such heavy decisions, which I consider Sunday breakfast decisions to be lol! It's the only decent breakfast meal I get all week. The menu had a "healthy without being over the top or in your face" feel to it, in a good way. Every single thing on the plate served a purpose. It was hard, REALLY hard not to take some of the delicious looking baked goodie home, but I did it~
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,9/21/2012,55,50,3,6,5>Harbour Island is a stand out gym in the Tampa Bay Area. I feel so lucky to live so close to it. I could seriously write a novel about all the things I love about the gym.First of all they are continuously making improvements. They make improvements on everything from their website (which is incorrect on their Yelp page) to their classes, to the equipment. They are always cleaning the machines/floors/ect. They listen to the wants and needs of their clientsThey have all star trainers who know so much about health and fitnessThey have a wide variety of things to do from tennis courts to cardio machines to basketball courts to a very large selection of classesThe locker rooms are amazingThe pool is so nice. They even throw monthly parties where you can bring outside guests. They are always themed and they serve food and beverages. The spa is great for massages! They have child careMy only complaint would be that the parking lot is crowded. They can't do anything about it because of the location so I can't say it's their fault and deduct points. However, even if the lot is crowded you do not feel crowded inside EVER. There is so much room inside and so much to do that I'm glad they made the parking lot smaller in order to build more things into the gym.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,9/20/2012,112,150,4,5,4>Who knew such a hip place in Clearwater existed?Tucked back from the street, I almost missed itLuckily one of my friends tipped me off and was there to assistmaking her jump to the top of my Christmas list!For Carmel Cafe has won over my hearteverything is wonderful, where do I start?The menu is tapas style that you order off an ipadwith detailed pictures and lists, it's totally rad!But the servers stay close just in case you want a little face to facethey go above and beyond, the service is greatand the food is always delicous, big or small plateThere are multilple seating options for you to chooseI prefer the low couches to relax and enjoy my boozeOverall, I highly recommend it for anyone with a hint of classJust please invite me, so I can join you in raising your glass!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,9/19/2012,254,1058,1,11,4>Hank (the owner) and his team were incredibly gracious hosts to our little unofficial Yelp gathering on Tuesday night. We sat inside at one of the picnic tables and happily munched away on plates of pulled pork, ribs, fried catfish, sliced brisket, and smoked sausage -- along with collard greens, cheesey grits, baked beans, black-eyed pea salad, and a whole lotta other yummies. Hank brought over baskets of their onion rings, fried okra, fried pickles, fried green beans, hush puppies and fried sweet potato fries for everyone to try. We convinced him to hang out with the Yelpers for a little while and tell us all about building this restaurant - which is a mix between a Carolina BBQ house and a Florida fish camp. He said that his biggest seller is the all-you-can-eat catfish which is available three nights a week for just under $10, and it includes 2 sides. Hank's is one of the very few BBQ places that offers fried catfish, and it is very tender and moist.He's especially fond of the ribs they churn out through their smoker, and I'm a big fan of the sliced brisket. It has a nice crunchy bark with a perfect smoke ring, and just the right amount of "pull" before it breaks apart into yummy goodness. I've never found it to be dry, and I generally don't add any sauce to the meat as it's already perfectly seasoned and moist.We learned a little secret about Hank's that is worth going back to explore .... His Mom makes all of the desserts from scratch, and he promises that they are dynamite!!! The restaurant has only been open since the beginning of 2012, and he has already found some new fans to enjoy the food.Give it a try, and let him know what you think.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,9/18/2012,169,158,2,4,5>When I think of a speakeasy, I think of secret doors and passwords...and Ciro's delivers just that. There are no signs or any markings outside to indicate that there is anything inside...just a wooden door (which, in itself, is found around a corner in a random location on the bottom floor of an apartment complex). When you get brave enough to ring the doorbell, a slot in the door opens up and someone whispers from behind it, asking for a password (you get one when you make a reservation). You are then escorted into a special little gem of a supper club...and you feel transformed to a completely different time. The lighting is dark and cozy, the bar is a focal point, and there are also nooks and crannies to escape to (there are curtained booth areas you can sit at for privacy). It is so amazing! But, on to the food!The popcorn at Ciro's is popped fresh and then tossed in truffle oil. As soon as I put the first bite in my mouth, I immediately had a reaction (a good one): the flavor was unlike anything I'd had on popcorn before (hey, I'm used to plain and buttered. I'm a simple soul). Rumor has it that if you are on your way to a movie after drinking/dining at Ciro's Speakeasy, they will pop you a batch and bag it up for you to take to the theater! I'd totally be up for that...We were also treated to a few other appetizers: some steak tartare, and some asparagus spears wrapped in prosciutto and drizzled with aioli. Fresh, classic, and delicious!Finally, the most amazing item was delivered to our table: chicken and waffle sliders. Be still, my heart. The combination is to die for, and Ciro's does them just right. The chicken is all natural, organic, cage-free chicken breast that is lightly battered and fried, served between two fluffy waffles and drizzled with a slightly spicy sauce. I honestly was mourning the fact that I only got to eat one of the sliders: I could have taken down an entire plate of them on my own.I'd definitely recommend a visit to Ciro's if you're looking for incredibly unique cocktails and delicious small plates of food. You will definitely get a experience to remember!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,9/17/2012,85,155,2,6,3>A little piece of Polish heaven!  If you're a person that enjoys a good eastern European meal, this is the place for you!I'm a 2nd generation Polish Princess from Chicago.  This restaurant is spot on in its authenticity.  The regional style of cooking would be what I would classify as Polish Country and it's exactly as my Busia would make it.  Total comfort food!I've been here several times and have enjoyed it each time.  My favs are the Pierogi (stuffed dumplings), Pyzy (more stuffed dumplings, another version) and Golabki (stuffed cabbage rolls).  They also make a lovely Borscht.  Gotta love us Poles.  If we can't stuff it or shove it in an animal casing, we don't eat it.  My kids love the food.  My Colombian husband loves the food.  His favorite is the tripe soup which is also a delicacy in Colombia.An added bonus is this wonderful Polish deli attached to the restaurant with all sorts of fresh meats, sausages, smoked fish and food.   Anything off the menu you can also order to go.  I also enjoy the canned and jars of Polish specialties that I stock my pantry with. Offered are frozen pierogi's by the dozen to take home. If you want to go Polish, get them Pierogi's stuffed with meat, sauerkraut or sweet cheese.  The cheddar cheese stuffed Pierogi are an American catering.  Also, FYI for Americans, pierogi's (which I've made) dough is made from mashed potatoes so ordering them with potatoes on the inside just doesn't make sense.  If you're curious about Polish cooking and have never tried it, this place will give you the best offering outside of Chicago or Poland.  If you're of Eastern European descent and ache for the food your grandparents use to make, you will love this place.  Highly recommend!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,9/15/2012,221,240,4,3,4>Update: Giving them another star. I think they put time-released crack in their food, because although I wasn't 100% sold at first, now I find myself craving Jimbo's!Good, but not amazing. I ordered the chopped pork sandwich, with baked beans & coleslaw. The beans were tasty, but pretty average. The coleslaw had an oddly bitter flavor and was quite soupy when it should have been creamy. The sandwich was amazing, but it's pretty hard to screw up smoked pulled pork. Their house BBQ sauce was tasty, but nothing to drool about- nice flavor, but a little too fluid. Points for serving it warm though. Nice touch. I also partook in their blueberry cobbler a la mode. Best part of the meal. Sweet, but not cloying- the cobbler was studded with pecans & served with a ridiculous mountain of soft serve. Delicious! Would I give this place another shot? Probably, but i wouldn't say it's a must have.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,9/14/2012,88,345,5,11,5>First of all, I love to eat a good salad. I was pretty excited that they finally got a place here in Brandon to eat a healthy meal at. I was very surprised when I walked in and saw the endless selection of toppings that I could put on my "lettuce". Once I picked out what I wanted, I had a hard time trying to figure out which of the dressings that I wanted. There were so many to choose from!!! Hey, I'm not complaining! Then of course I had to get a soup. They have 6 different types of homemade soups. The girl recommended I try the crab soup...and I am glad that I did. It was delicious. You dont have to "build" your own salad if you dont want to. They have a menu also where you can choose a salad that you would like, or even a sandwich. But hey, if you want to turn your salad into a wrap...you can do that too! I will be coming back here to eat and I hope that others will come also, so that we can keep this place here in town. It's not expensive as some might think...VERY reasonably priced. You'll be paying a lot more at some other places and wont have nearly the same amount of options as you would here at Saladworks.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2014,11/10/2014,141,264,11,13,11>Thanks to the lovely Anna M and the multi talented Steve E for all their hard work in being my partners in crime setting up this surprise send off for the hubster, Eric C. Ulele was the perfect crime scene with its beautiful and unique decor.  We had walked along the river walk the day before and wandered into it even though they weren't open. They did tell us they'd be opening soon for lunch.  But we were seated near the open doors by the horse sculpture and was much quieter area (at least before we took over)Very historic building with an urban trendy feel. The bar area is near the open kitchen and gets very loud. We enjoyed a drink at the bar before being escorted to our rather large group of 12. Wish we could have invited all our yelp friends but space was limited. I enjoyed the wedding beer. We were escorted to our table and everyone had their menus up hiding their faces!  The look on Eric's face when they yelled surprise was priceless!  A Kodak moment for sure!Our servers were delightful and so glad we got to share food among our group. The lobster cake with cucumber ginger salad was well seasoned. The crab Mac & cheese was a combo I'd never tried before, would get both of these again. I tasted the okra fries and while a bit on the salty side, surprisingly tasty!  Never tasted okra before and I liked it!  I ordered the squash gratin as my entree even though it's a side dish. The crust was made with manchego and the smell was intoxicating and tasted even better!  Highly recommend this dish, only thing I'd change is swapping out the red onion for more zucchini. I tasted Jason's jalapeño corn quick bread and loved every bite of that as well.  The ulelee salad was made of arugula, watercress, cranberry beans and fire roasted peppers with a balsamic vinaigrette. Yummy goodness. For dessert I shared the house made toasted coconut that was served in a half coconut shell. It does get pretty packed for good reason, excellent craft beer, superb local food, eclectic ambiance complete with rooftop area and primo service is what we experienced. Thanks again who all came out to make this surprise memorable for Eric. And a special nod and wink to Anna and Steve for his finding some cute winter accessories in Florida!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,11/9/2014,285,192,8,10,7>From start to finish, this was an excellent meal.The Service:My server, Danielle, was very cordial and accomodating. She allowed ample time for me to scan the menu and gave a great second opinion on my choices. She was so nice that on my way out she actually gave me an ice water to go. As hot as Florida is right now that was a godsend.The Food:I started with an order of Cheddar Brisket Risotto Balls. These panko crusted delights were warm and cheesy inside, with the brisket complementing the other flavors. Definitely comfort food. They serve'em with barbecue sauce on the side that's great for dipping.I really struggled with what to choose as my entree. There are so many unique options on the menu! In the end I went with the Lobster Mac & Cheese. As a hardcore mac & cheese lover I have some pretty high expectations for any dish labeling itself as such. Imagine my surprise when I saw Danielle bring out a large, piping hot bowl of the stuff, complete with big chunks of lobster peeking out from underneath the noodles. Oh hell yes. It was on.I am happy to say that my tastebuds were just as pleased as my eyes were. The sauce was just the right consistency for me. Not soupy, but not creamy either.The dish is made with havarti, Maine lobster, and green onions. When combined with tender noodles, this bowl creates mouthful after mouthful of the culinary equivalent of love.The price was a bit high for someone in my tax bracket, but my lunch was well worth it. I will certainly be back to try more items from Clear Sky's tantalizing menu.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,11/8/2014,149,551,6,8,7>We found ourselves in South Tampa, in the early morning, and realized we were famished. A quick Yelp search unveiled Pinky's so we decided to give it a shot. Parking was a bit challenging for my full sized car (purchased before full sized meant a tiny Kia at Avis) until we realized there were plenty of spots across the street at Cappy's, which doesn't open until much later.Lucky for us, although the uniquely decorated restaurant was full, we put our names on the list and were seated in less than a minute. We had a plan until our waitress recited the specials. Then, one of us changed their plan. Anyway, our brekkie was quite delicious and plentiful and we savored the in-house prepared bacon.   Bacon = good.   In-house prepared bacon = very good!We look forward to returning, if we can find a way to get up before noon again.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,11/7/2014,201,321,5,9,7>El Perdigon is a very small Venezuelan restaurant.  When I say small, I mean like 7 tables.  It's in a tiny little strip mall next to Hank's BBQ on Dale Mabry. But don't let the size fool you.  It is absolutely delicious.  Venezuelans are known for their "arepas", round corn cakes that are grilled then opened and stuffed full of goodness, like beef, sausage, and chicken.  They're about $7 and enough to feed two people.  The "cachapas" are sweet corn cakes, shaped like pancakes, and they can fill those with ham and cheese.  The difference with arepas is that arepas are white and not sweet, and also crispier. Either way you'll be tasting authentic Venezuelan cuisine at it's very best. They sell the best cheese sticks on the planet.  Called "tequeños", these sticks are wrapped in bread.  They are delicious. They also have a plate called "patacon", which is essentially a huge industrial sized plantain with your choice of meat, cheese and/or beans.  You can get it either ripe (sweet) or less ripe (saltier).  It's an amazing dish for plantain lovers. This restaurant is a true gem.  No chain food here.  Everything has a fresh home cooked taste, and the food presentation is great.  But it's small so careful going for dinner on weekends.  It gets packed.  Well worth the wait though.  It's as good as it gets.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,11/6/2014,127,240,6,11,7>Quick Summary:  If you thought that a food truck couldn't get you some of the best BBQ ever, you'd be flat wrong. The food here is prepared with a great care and punches you with flavor. Yeah it hurts that good. My whole story of coming out here started with a bit of disappointment... it was a typical FL Sunday and I was just aching for some good ribs... so I made my way over to the Shack and everything was closed up... sadness! I double checked the web and the hours showed they should have been open... but nobody was round =(  My hankering was still poking me on Monday... but then I remembered... Mon is their normal day off!!! NOOOO!!! (I've noticed a few restaurants in Tampa like that... what's up with that?) Anyways... 24 more hours of bbq hunger pangs I was finally greeted with the delicious smokey aromas of some solid bbq. (They had a good reason for being closed that particular Sun, I won't delve into the details).I was eagerly greeted by one of the owners, Darren, who was very excited to introduce a new customer to his craft. He offered me a sample of his Brunswick stew... and I was hooked! An amazing dish with all these great southwestern flavors but a nice tangyness... the meat tender and juicy... a bowl of that on a rainy day (or any day for that matter) will set everything just right.After a few more samples... I decided... I couldn't decide... so I grabbed the sampler, a little bit of everything... or so I thought. I was quite a bit of everything to be honest... it is quite the feast!  All of the meats are just excellently prepared... nothing is doused in sauce... all dry rubs... a nice hint of smokiness but not the dominant flavor so you can enjoy the actual flavor of the meat.The ribs... loved them, they're not fall of the bone type ribs... you gotta your bites, but that's not to say it's dry... it's still very tender and juicy. I like it this way... keeps the consistency together, and when you chew deliciousness soaks your mouth. I prefer not to slurp my meat.  The pulled pork... oh so tender... comes apart very easily but hardly a tug. And the brisket... probably my favorite... love the flavor of the rub and smoke on this meat.  Oh and the sausage! it's got a crisp casing that just snaps with each bite (no gnawing and ripping)... and the meat is greatly spiced... gives a different flavor from the other meats.For my sides I HAD to try the truffled mac and cheese... WIN! Love the use of shell macaroni... more room for the cheese and flavors to seep into... and the truffle flavor just envelops your mouth with each bite.  I also had the baked beans another win. It's not a heavy sweet baked beans, it's on the lighter side, with a bit of sweetness followed by the tangyness that cuts through heavier flavors.Darren also let me try some of the coleslaw... it's different from most places that do a mayo based, they use vinegar which makes for a lighter dish. He recommended it as a finisher after the meal to cleanse palate. I agree... it's like the ginger after sushi... a nice simple crisp dish that just refreshes the mouth... ready for more flavors.Oh I almost for got the BBQ sauces, he's got a Kansas City syle, which I prefer. It's a more liquid sauce that's got a bit more kick and tang to it. But that doesn't mean the Carolina style wasn't good; that one is more on the sweet side but not like a sugary sweet, and it's a thicker sauce that just coats everything. All depends on how you like it.This place is a major win. Super friendly service (and military friendly!), amazing quality food, and excellent value!  I'm happy to report they're doing so well, that they'll be moving to a physical restaurant in the near future.  I can't wait to bring the whole gang down for a meal, they're gonna be blown away!Get the sampler cause EVERYTHING is good and it's a great value! Finish with some slaw, it is a delicious palate cleanse!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/5/2014,139,166,5,14,7>Culver's Butterburgers and Frozen Custard opened finally 7/16/14. A slight delayed opening due to Largo's strict permit structure.A welcomed new comer in the burger chain experience here in Florida. This burger establishment has it's roots in the Midwest, Wisconsin actually.  Started in 1984 by a husband and wife, it's grown to over 500 units and is still family owned.As this was our first visit I had to go with what's made them famous an original Butterburger deluxe, double patty, cheese, mayo, pickles, onions, lettuce, and tomato on a lightly buttered toasted bun. All I can say is YES....welcome to Largo! I opted as my side chili fries, which were hot and delicious. My Bride chose the fish sandwich, North Atlantic Cod Filet. She said it was better than any fast food and even most restaurants! Not greasy with a nice outer crunch to it. We both had shakes with our meals. Creamy, thick, awesome, custard shakes.There is so much more than just burgers too. Shaved Prime Rib sandwich, chicken ( bone in or boneless), pork tenderloin, Reuben's, chopped steaks, and soups, salads. And for all you cheese heads Wisconsin Cheese Curds!So come on out to Largo and check out the new kid in town. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2014,11/4/2014,336,610,5,11,6>Yum. I was just dreaming of my mom's cooking, and then comes Carlos checking in to the new Pao Cafe. It just opened on Thursday, August. 21st. Love checking out brand new places. I honestly never tried their food truck, but happy we tried this place. It's not like my moms cooking, but nothing can compare to food u grew up with. Chicken adobo was very good and flavorful. It is shredded chicken w a soy sauce type sauce. I liked it so much I would have rather had more chicken than white rice. Don't want the white rice filling up my belly too fast. The lumpia( fried spring rolls) w beef and raisin were very good too. I'm so use to getting the frozen ones at the Asian store that these were my favorite.  The coconut chicken siapao(steam bun)was not my fave. It was more dough and tiny pieces of coconut flavored chicken. Glad I tried it bc I would have always wanted to know. I will definitely be back and I want to try to tocsilog, mango Turon, Mami noodles, beef soup, and the filipino nachos, and whatever else I can try. If anyone wants to check it up, let me know, and I will meet up lol,I would love to see fresh filipino spring rolls on the menu, and other stuff in the future.Thanks is much to the girl at the register who broke down the whole menu to me. Yes I grew up eating the food, but I never knew the names of it. Yay for a place I can bring my parents when they r in town from Chicago.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,11/3/2014,72,128,4,5,6>I was introduced to Terra Sur at a large Yelpers event a few months back. That's when I decided this would be my birthday dinner place!  As it happens my dining friends weren't as excited as I, so I visited with a fellow ceviche eating friend for a "day after" dinner.First, small place with lots of personality and ambiance. We arrived around 7 and had the place nearly to ourselves (World Cup time, you know). The bartender/server was very accommodating when it came to the wine list and trying out different things.  The wine list is gargantuan, by the way. Thank goodness my friend knows wine better than I and was able to help me choose. We were seated quickly.  Warm rolls came to the table first (with REAL butter!!). Our order of the ceviche pescado sampler arrived quickly along with yucca fries and chorizo y morcilla. Ceviche was fresh and the "Peruvian hot" was perfect for us - not burn your face off hot, but nicely spiced with good flavor. While the yucca fries came with their own sauce, I preferred using the left over ceviche sauce.The morcilla was pretty fantastic in my opinion.  I wasn't crazy about the chorizo, but it was good as well. Dessert was an incredibly rich double chocolate cake. I mean, just wow. Since we were stuffed I rescued about half of it for tomorrow's breakfast!! All in all, I really loved eating here. The food, the atmosphere, the people and service - all really made this dinner an enjoyable experience I hope to revisit soon. I absolutely will strong arm friends into going here for dinner in the near future (or I'll round up my ceviche eating partner in crime!).!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,11/2/2014,15,56,1,16,2>I have been waiting for Annata to open for a long time, knowing it was owned by mazzaro's I knew it would be great. Visited yesterday, found two. Seats at the bar. The place looks great. It is small and they do not have outdoor seating yet, but if there is a wait it would be worth it. The bartenders are great, have is tastes IOC several wines and we settled on a sparkling Italian wine. The menu is perfect. The charcuterie platter is awesome, and you can pick your meats and cheeses. We ordered that and the  crostini sampler. We wanted to try more, but the bartender said to wait until after our order arrived. Thankfully we listened since what we ordered was plenty. I cannot wait to go back and sample more. The wines are reasonably priced, good craft beer selection. This is definitely an adult place. This place did not disappoint. Was just what I expected. Our bill ran around $80, including the good and a $50 bottle of wine. Love this place!!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,11/1/2014,85,155,3,3,3>Walked in expecting coffee and pastries.  Walked out obsessed with Thai and Vietnamese.  Could I become more obsessed?  YES!!!!I love Thai food anyway but this has taken it to a whole new level in a modern setting, easy for lunch or pick up.  My son is addicted to tofu and gave a two thumbs up to their tofu sandwich.  I'm eating my way down the menu.  I'm about 20% done, will definitely have it finished by summer's end.Great range in menu from pastries to sandwiches to meals.  Goodies like Vietnamese or Thai coffee as well as flavored shaved ice and teas.Wish they had a drive thru.  Then again, maybe not.  Highly recommend!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,3/5/2012,119,94,3,7,5>Osteria Natalina, formerly Spartaco's, is hands down the best Italian food in Tampa. I'm a regular there and walking into Osteria is like walking into my bestfriend's place. I'm greeted by Spartaco, known to us as Sparky, with a hug and kiss on a the cheek. The small restaurant is sparsely decorated with maps of the old country, pictures of Mama, and reviews from Local newspapers and magazines. The tables always have handpainted, and chipped, glass water bottles which add to the feeling of home.     Order anything off the menu and you'll be wowed! The specials are usually something to rave about but can run out quick. If he tells you Mama has been in town, order whatever pasta she handmade while she was there! My favorite appetizer isn't on the menu. I ask for a pasta sampler. The pasta sampler usually includes 3 different pastas with 2 or 3 pieces of each. The gorgonzola and pear "purses" are great for this because they may be too rich for an entire entree! The calamari salad is delicious! He grills, not fry, the calamari with fresh tomatoes, and drizzles with a vingarette. Its refreshing and light, the way a great appetizer should be!    I have tried a lot of the entrees. It's hard to give recommendations because so many of my favorites are specials. The veal is really great. I have had it several ways and liked them all. It's my brother's favorite dish. The veal is pounded thin and can have any sauce you like on it! The gnocchi is like no other gnocchi you've had. It's stuffed with provolone cheese and tossed in a princess sauce. Unlike other gnocchi dishes I've had, this one isn't super heavy. Sometimes gnocchi can be a little too dumpling-y (yes I believe that word's in the dictionary) and it takes away from the sauce. Not here. It's just delicious.     The best thing at Spartaco has to be Lobster Ravioli. The lobster and cheese filling melts in your mouth. Its like heaven wrapped up in pasta. Then you add the pink sauce (which I could probably eat like a soup) and the result is mind blowing. I consider myself a bit of foodie. I've eaten at restaurants all over the world. And this dish is in the top 3 meals of my life!    This place is a family favorite for us. It's pretty expensive but worth every penny! It's great for celebratory dinners as well as date nights. For my family, it's great all the time! Give Osteria Natalina a try and you will NOT be disappointed! It's the closest you can get to Italy without a long, overpriced flight! Molto Buona!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,3/4/2012,78,96,7,4,6>Charley Ooooooh CharrrleeeyyyI came to Charley's mainly cause i wasn't paying for the meal. lol Company Xmas party. They had 3 options set up for us, steak, salmon, and chicken i think. I don't know, but i was at the GREAT CHARLEY'S STEAKHOUSE, so obviously I'm going to order a steak, cause I'm not a moron. lol Anyways lets start with the bread. Oh baby oh baby, that bread was ridiculousssss. like i seriously considered stuffing a couple rolls in my pants, no bullshit. Like i may come back here and just order a soup and bread, or maybe just bread. It's that insane. Some ppl in my group didn't like the salad, i thought the salad was good, so maybe they just don't like salads, or maybe they have a shitty pallet. lol Then the steak came and music started playing in the background. The steak was perfectly cooked, and delicious. I probably would have enjoyed it more if i hadn't eaten 10 rolls beforehand though. Mashed potatoes were awesome, au gratin potatoes were good, but not the epic side they made it out to be. Overall Charley's lives up to the hype, but next time I'll try to control myself around the rolls, so i can actually enjoy the rest of my meal without feeling like i just ate a small child
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,3/3/2012,65,528,3,3,3>Doing a little ghost hunting at The Don last night. Visited the dark ballroom and came away with two spectacular orbs. So much history here. Opened in 1928, guests included F. Scott Fitzgerald, Clarence Darrow, Al Capone, Lou Gerhig and FDR. The Don housed the NY Yankees for spring training for three years.After the U.S. army bought the failing hotel in 1942 for $450k, it was a hospital, then a convalescent center. So lots of ghosts wander the premises.My partner and I are thinking of staying here for a night to celebrate our anniversary.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,3/2/2012,97,705,1,5,3>Fantastic Vietnamese joint with a friendly owner who takes the time to explain the menu.  We ordered a combo platter that had vermicelli noodles, shredded cabbage, grilled pork and a sliced egg roll. It was served with a sweet chili like sauce. Phenomenal. Apparently the beef is even more popular but I thought the pork was pretty good. We both got a small pho ($5.85 each). The tables are equipped with all the necessary sauces and spiced needed for good pho. This places broth is the best. A little cloudy (where you know it's true stock and not just broth out of a can). Next time we go we are going to try the crepe and grilled pork chop dish.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,3/1/2012,0,7,,2,1>Found this place through Yelp and was not disappointed. The interior is clean and homey. The dosa was perfectly light, crispy outside and soft inside. Also loved the paneer masala - really tasty, with good texture. The garlic stuffed naan was too similar to pizza for my taste, and the chicken tikka was dry. But the dosa and paneer were so delicious that they more than made up for the other dishes, and I can't wait to go back and try a few more different things. Friendly warning, the service on a Saturday evening was slow. We didn't mind, but take-out would be better if you have time constraints.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,2/29/2012,11,25,,6,3>My husband and I were trying to figure out where to go out to dinner for our date night, and we brought up the idea of trying out this restaurant that had just opened up in our area.  Hesitant to chance a date night on a new restaurant, for fears of bad service and dishes that weren't established yet, we were really impressed!  We walked in and it was super busy, people were enjoying wine and beers and it seemed to be running like a well-oiled machine.  We grabbed a glass of wine at the bar, chatted with all the super nice bartenders, and quickly got called for our table.  We ordered the mason jar breads and spreads and the peppers for an appetizer.  While the spreads were really tasty - the portions were huge, I think they could get away with trimming them down and serving them in smaller dishes to avoid wasting product.  Granted, it was just my husband and I, but I still don't see how a 4-top could even eat all three without leaving space for their main course.  I ordered the scallops and my husband ordered the lobster pot pie.  They were delicious!!  The sauces on each were amazing and unique and the portions were perfect.  My husband and I both agreed, however, that the temperatures were off on some dishes -  my peas were cooler than my scallops that were hot.  When the peppers came out, they were not temperature hot.  I also wish I would have ordered a mixed green salad or something though. We opted for the berry dessert since it was light, and it was extremely tasty.  All in all - we really were super impressed and will definitely be coming back!  I definitely steer clear of new restaurants so they can work the kinks out - but this place had no kinks that we could see.  Servers and bartenders were extremely knowledgeable, nobody seemed stressed out or "in the weeds,"  the decor was awesome and fit well with the theme and nothing seemed overdone or like they were trying to hard - very authentic.  Two big thumbs up - Tampa needed a restaurant like this.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,2/27/2012,8,23,,1,1>Great food and love the atmosphere. Not a big fan of fried foods, but this place is the place to go if I feel like indulging! Really like the mix of Southern comfort food with a gourmet twist. The fried green tomatoes and disco fries were unbelievable. Decent size portions for the small plates also. Unfortunately was not a fan of the desserts we choose. I tried the bacon chocolate brownie and was not a fan. Some bites were brownie (awesome) and then some bites were bacon (not so awesome), not a good mix for me. The homemade basil whipped cream made up for the bacon brownie though. Same goes for the peanut butter and jelly creme brulee, sounded better than it tasted.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,2/26/2012,451,51,,2,1>My second time dining at Pane Rustica was this past Friday. Both times, I've tried to get up the nerve to order the "Shut Up and Eat" thingy where you don't know what you're ordering...but I chickened out. Next time?The sandwiches at this place are spectacular. Griddled pastrami with some sort of cheese (gouda?) and a horseradish sauce on 7-grain was simply fantastic. I haven't yet been for dinner to see how it differs from lunch, but they are hitting home runs so far with their lunch offerings. There's a reason this place is so highly reviewed.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,2/25/2012,4,1,,5,2>I sincerely love this place!  The food is awesome!  The decor is great and the place is so clean!  The prices are so excellent!My favourites are the Polish, as it's locally made special for Luke's because it's got a great blend of flavour in it, it's juicy and huge;  the beanie weenie, such a great combo; the kraut; the loose burger; and the bacon and cheese.  I also love their coney sauce.  I love to get a polish and top it with spicy brown mustard, their kraut, the coney sauce, and the baked beans...so excellent!  Their fries and sides are awesome as well.With such a friendly atmosphere where you can really get to know them and where they can get to know you, great pricing, awesome decor, and the best dogs, it's no wonder that I will be back on a regular basis!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,2/24/2012,0,3,,5,3>My husband and I recently remodeled our kitchen. The contractor removed our counter tops, appliances, sink and kitchen faucet and put them in our garage. The next day, Habitat for Humanity of Pinellas County sent their truck to our home to pick up the items for resale in their "ReStore." All of the appliances were working, but the color didn't go with the new countertops. The guys who picked up our stuff were very professional and we loved being able to support Habitat for Humanity in this way. The items we donated were sold pretty quickly from what I was told - and Habitat uses the money to build or repair more homes! Cool!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,12/2/2011,39,8,,3,3>Stopped in for the Grand Opening today and wasn't disappointed.There is a drive thru, so I guess this place is "technically" fast food however it is so different from anything out there right now in this category that I'd compare it to more of a Panera or Pei Wei. The building has major curb appeal and uses a lot of glass so the dining room has a very open feel to it. There is also a patio in the front so you can sit outside if you'd like. I had the Tenders meal which was breaded chicken, sauce, and fries and it was outstanding. The chicken was moist and delicious and the sauce was fresh and not in one of those vacuum sealed containers that you typically get at fast food joints.I'll be back to check out the salads and shakes but this place will defintiely be on my go to list for lunch and quick dinners.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,12/1/2011,379,222,2,3,3>Last Sunday Scott turned to me and said, "Entertain me, monkey!" No, no, that's a joke, but we did have a little trouble deciding what we wanted to do. Most of our lives together revolve around food. What to eat, where to eat, how long it will take to get to the places we do eat, etc. So I grabbed my Yelp! bookmarks list and started naming breakfast/brunch restaurants I had thought about trying over the two years I've been collecting. We skimmed over a few in Clearwater and St. Pete, but there was a gay pride festival going on which we feared would end up keeping us waiting for hours and hours.Instead we settled on Daily Eats in Tampa. I knew I had never been and Scott thought he hadn't (turns out when we pulled in he realized he had, but oh well). Reviews looked good and it wasn't a huge distance.The place was packed! We chose to sit outside on the island bar facing the street. We started with grapefruit mimosas (decliiiious!!) and each had one of the special breakfast bowls. I with "The Boot": Scrambled eggs with pepperocini, kalamata olives, green peppers, diced tomatoes, and feta cheese on a bed of fresh spinach (pictured first); and Scott with "The Tijuana": Eggs scrambled with vegetable chili, shredded pepperjack and guacamole, served over homefries (pictured second). I have to say I think I preferred his. I added jalapenos to mine, but they were pickled and just didn't have the kick I was looking for. Also, the feta doesn't melt and there was no "sauce", whereas his had the chili, guacamole and cheese. Either way, they were both delicious and we definitely polished them off! I'd go back again and would like to see what the lunch and dinner menus have to offer. It was a great day.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2011,11/30/2011,61,9,,7,4>Important Note: This restaurant has undergone ownership changes in the last few months. I used to think of it as an outdated, elderly, beach-side diner with average food. NOW it is a different story! They have painted, redecorated and put in all new floors, tables and chairs. It has an Mediterranean cafe kind of vibe! They have some little tables out front too. Most of the year in Florida, it's too hot to sit outside, but right now it's delightful. I would say 4 stars on the atmosphere ****The biggest comparison I could make in regard to the new changes is the namesake: Eggs Benedict! I had it before and it was EHH. Today when I had it, it was DIVINE! Savory with a little kick. I will definitely be craving that on weekend mornings! Definitely a 5 star benedict! ***** Before it had come with some dry melon, but the fruit today was delicious! Bright and fresh and flavorful - strawberries, blackberries, pineapple, watermelon...What a difference!We got some gelato and a loaf of home-made banana nut bread to go. Can't wait to return! The best part is it's just around the corner from us - we could walk there, have brunch, and then stroll on the causeway with some more gelato :)
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,11/29/2011,168,91,1,4,5>minor league ANYTHING is always fun, but division 2 soccer is a royal blast.  fc tampa bay is also one of the most professionally run minor league sporting outfits i have ever seen.  the team is well put together, and puts on a great show.  if you love soccer you'll love watching these matches.  ownership shows up, interacts with the fans and is clearly engaged.al lang field isn't the greatest for viewing soccer, some of the sight lines are messed up, BUT it does create an intimate environment and no seat has a bad view.what sets fc tampa bay apart though, is ralph's mob, an independent supporters group that flood al lang and keeps it raucous with songs, chants and cheers.  if you have never experienced live football, fc tampa bay will get you hooked.  a great time, a great value.  can't recommend it enough.and come on up and sit with the mob.  i guarantee you you will be singing your heart out before half time.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,11/28/2011,119,371,1,7,4>Walked in for a special dinner and was greeted by a warm staff (including Mike). Sat down to a great atmosphere (a lil chilly but most locals do get chilled in a/c. :) ) and a nicely decorated room with divided booths. There was also the tradition sushi bar for choice. Met Joe, who recommended a great starter saki (Jun Tenzan) as he placed some marinated bean sprouts as a teaser in front of us! Ordered the seaweed salad to boost it up a bit and it was very good. When it came to sushi, we decided to choose a "normal" roll, the Scorpion, with Crawfish and Cucumber, then the Crazy Roll with spicy tuna, avocado, panco, and smelt, and Mike's Special Volcano (Krab & Shrimp w/ Hot Sauce over rice) which was just sick good! Ended with the fried ice cream made with a twist of pound cake as a change up.Joe already told me about a saki he would recommend next time. Joe is son-in-law to Mike in the pic of the three wise men below!) I shared a couple of saki shots with him as I liked his style.Bottom line? Great experience. I told my friends about Mike's this morning and it was no shocker to them like where had I been. It definitely rocks and i will return!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,11/27/2011,112,359,,5,4>Ciro's definitely delivers something different.  Cocktails you simply can't find anywhere else.  If you want a rum and coke or vodka and red bull, go somewhere else.  All the barkeeps, especially, Bob know their stuff and watching them work is entertainment all by itself.  The measuring and mixing of so many of their concoctions has to be spot on or else the drink will fail miserably.  To craft them in the chaos of a dimly lit bar with a relentless stream of orders under the eyes of thirsty patrons only adds to the challenges and the staff delivers consistently.The Homage to 7th Avenue is a must for anyone who appreciates cigars; a London Fairy or Tryst are great ways to try out absinthe but hopefully not on an empty stomach.  That leads me to the duck fat fries - a basket of artery clogging heaven with 3 sauces that should be required if you set foot in this place.Valet is $5 and they have dropped the password bit to get in, although the ambiance is still very much a speakeasy.  Reservations are only for groups of 6 or more so expect to wait for a table - they are small and intimate with curtains, so perfect for a date - not so much for a guys night out.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,11/26/2011,93,99,6,5,6>The Pub Irish Drinking SongOhhhh, aye-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di!The atmosphere's loud and friendly,as every pub should be.The servers guide you through the menu,and offer drink samples for free.They stick closely with the U.K. theme,and the drinks are wittily named.One drink that surprise-kicked me,the Penny Lane Hurricane.Ohhhh, aye-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di!Good Flash Fried Calamari,And yummy Southwest chips.The Pub Wings were only average,but AMAZING Goat Cheese Dip!The food and drinks are tasty,A revisit, I can't resist!My one urge to the owners,"Please add Magners to the list!"Ohhhh, aye-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di-dee-di!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,11/24/2011,29,135,,3,3>Pane has been one of my favorite restaurants for years. Their paninis at lunch are incredible, to say the least; my favorite at dinner has to be the roast chicken. The menu (both lunch and dinner) is phenomenal, plenty of options for even the most selective individual. The bakery offers great items, however I've never been inclined to go there purely to purchase those goods. Fun place for lunch and very good for groups, but gets very busy right at peak times.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,11/23/2011,88,148,6,4,3>Needless to say this is a good Korean restaurant since most of my Yelper friends had tried the food and contributed enough comments to the restaurant. Coty said it all so I won't repeat her precise descriptions. Instead, I will tell you something else. The restaurant changed hand one year ago. Now it is called 'One Family Korean Restaurant.' Don't panic! Nothing has changed. Food is still damn good. Service is still fast. Deco is still the same. Few reasons that I didn't give 5 star. First, The restaurant is hard to find. It tucked in behind a Korean Grocery store and not many English signs to indicate this place. If you drive east on W. Hillsborough Ave, it is on the right after you pass Henley road. If you drive by Golden Corral, you have just missed it. Second, customer groups this restaurant targeted at are mainly Asians, so their menu content offers no visual image to describe the dishes. If you are not familiar with Korean food, you are handicapped. It would be nice the owner make some adjustment to the menu to be more user friendly. The pictures on their website are nice though but without explain which dish it is. I admire people who carry on their traditions firmly like this restaurant. Food are as authentic as I had at Korea. It is difficult not to be Americanized when you run restaurant business. So I give them credit for preserve their traditions. I have few advices for those who are not familiar with Korean food but willing to try. Start with 'Seafood Pancake' (Haemul Pajeon). It is very good to share as appetizer. Then go for Grilled beef ribs (Gal Bi). It comes with 5 small vege/fish dishes, very traditional. Then stuff yourself with 'Dolsot Bibim bap', rice, meat, and vege cooked in a hot stone bowl. Make sure you add chili sauce on top and stir them well. Beside the seafood pancake, this is my favorite dish. In a cold winter night, it will fills the spot. My hubby love this restaurant. He had found his comfort food. We went there last Sunday night before 6pm. The place was half full. We plan to go back again this week. I will give more update later. BTW, we ordered 3 dishes, 4 beers and it costs 45 dollar including tax. This place is small but they can handle groups. I will suggest 6 people so everyone can share. It is very casual and because the nature of Korean food, you will smell like garlic and BBQ ribs later. So go casual. And Ladies, keep your dry clean only coats and fine leather bags home. You will thank me later.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2011,11/22/2011,203,229,,4,3>My friend and I went and ordered three dishes to share: the Tteokbokki (spicy rice cakes), the Jap Chae (stir-fried cellophane noodles with beef and vegetables), and the Bugoki chicken. We also ordered two diet cokes and two glasses of water. Food: I enjoyed the Jap Chae. The vegetables they used gave a great texture to the whole dish.The rice cake dish was well-made when you could find them. They were buried under heaps of scallions and onions. It definitely wasn't as spicy as other Korean restaurants I've been to.The Bulgoki Chicken dish was the worst of the three dishes. It was way too greasy. Service: The waitresses were very nice when you could locate them but it definitely took several minutes to locate them when you needed something. We were accidently served Sprite instead of the Diet Cokes but it was fixed once we mentioned it. Ambiance/Overall Feel: The restaurant is cozy and dimly lit (no windows). There aren't many tables and most of the seating we saw was in the form of booths. I saw more seating towards the back though for bigger groups. Drinks were served in large plastic cups. The utensils were in a box on your table: disposable chopsticks and traditional metal spoons.Price: Each dish on the menu was about $10-$15 (on average) so our overall tab came out to $50 (including tax and tip). Parking was not a problem outside the restaurant because the location is off the beaten path.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,4/5/2012,104,109,1,8,4>I kept hearing people rave about this as a Tampa "must-do" - so I finally did. It is really as amazing as people say!Our group was sharing several plates...we got pork noodle soup, green curry chicken, Pad Thai, chicken curry on glass noodles, and a hearty helping of summer rolls with really awesome peanut sauce  - everything is really just $5 each! And these are big portions.One of my favorite things was the tempura taro. They were already out of banana tempura, which apparently is a hot commodity -- the tip of the day, we learned, was to order these as soon as you arrive so you get 'em before they run out.  Another station was making coconut custard desserts, fried into little round patties with green onions. A new and interesting flavor, for sure.The scenery though, is what makes the whole experience. You eat at picnic tables under enormous trees, right on the Palm River.  All the while, Buddhist monks are chanting in a beautiful temple, not 25 yards away. It seems surreal -- like you stepped out of Florida and into another world.I would definitely recommend going while the Florida weather is cool / mild -- the whole experience doesn't seem  like ti would be at all appealing in the dead of summer. I will definitely be back again!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,4/4/2012,88,148,2,4,2>I find that I can be quite a snob when it comes to food. I won't deny that I am a good cook myself, but such attitude limited my vision of reaching restaurants that been ranked with 3 stars rating among our yelpers friends. To be or not to be. Today, let's to be............ Try a 3 star rating restaurant!Thai Spice, a tiny Thai restaurant tugged in a strip mall won 2009 Tampa's Best Restaurant. 2011, her loyal followers still pack the space to satisfy their addiction of the fire brought by the deadly Thai pepper. 'Do you need more water?' 'Is this too hot for you?' 'Medium hot next time... Please!' 'Oh My God!.............Shi..... Hoooo.... Water please. Those are common words you hear, short and clear! If you want something hot, You are in the right place. The obvious reason I rated it higher is the attentive service. Waitresses take turns to make sure we have been well attended. That makes our diner experience very pleasant. The cozy interior deco is a plus. It is good for couples or to impress your date for a casual  and affordable dinner. Since this was our first visit, we ordered basic dishes. Their food is decent. Not authentic Thai though but the ingredients are fresh and very good quality. We tried their green curry with chicken. The sweetness of the dish really helped to calm down the spice. I think I have given up looking for authentic Asian food here. After all, I am the minority and the one need to adapt to the new environment. As long as the restaurant try the best to provide good quality food and service, it won't be hard for me to like it. I think Thai Spice live up such reputation and I am happy I have found it. I will update after I try more dishes.P.S. Since it is summer time, don't pick the window side seats. It is warm. Make sure you mention you want your beer icey cold. Ours were not. :(
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,4/3/2012,36,110,2,4,3>Ah yes, another minor league baseball stadium for me to review. I have been to many minor league baseball stadiums, up and down the east coast, and I can say that this one in Clearwater is either 1A or 1B. I went to a Philliles Spring training game here back in March and I am glad I went through the extra trouble to go here. For anyone that has not tried, getting tickets to the Phillies Spring Training is hard, no matter who they play, unless of course you want standing room. I would take off a star, but seeing that it is easy to find them on a 3rd party site for pretty much normal price, it is far from a deal breaker.   Now on to the review of the Stadium. The stadium is pretty much brand new, or at least it seems that way. Parking is not to far out of the way, no worse then at the Tampa Yankees, that is for sure. The stadium only seat I think around 5,000, which makes it extremely intimate if you have a seat. however the concourse above the seats is massive, which is great we you have a ton of people walking around. The food and beer choices are 2nd to none. They of course have some Philly Favorites such as Cheesesteaks, but at the same time have many other options. They also have a few beer vendors, including a World of Beer which has a great selection. The team store is also very nice, although if you do during spring training you will be waiting in line, but the line does move fairly fast.   Overall this stadium is just plain great when you want to watch a game, and if I lived in the Tampa Bay area I would go here all the time. If you can try to get a seat on the first base side as it tends to fair better with the sun for afternoon games.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,4/2/2012,67,151,3,4,3>Recently moved to Largo from the 'Burg and this is one of the places I was looking forward to checking out. After 3 visits, I can say that the food is really good and I'm a fan. On my first visit I just checked the place out, picked up a menu and checked out the pastries. I was not there to buy anything, but left with a beautiful brownie. I love brownies and I could NOT leave there without it! It tasted as good as it looked. There was plenty for the two of us that ate it. I've had two dining experiences since browniegate and  find the food to be really good, fresh and creative. It's really easy to eat healthy here if that's your thing. I find the pricing to be ok considering portion sizes. You'll pay 7-8 bucks for a sammie but they are huge and If I can eat off of it twice for that little money then yeah, that works for me. The half of the steak portabella panini that I have in the fridge won't make it through the night :-)
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,4/1/2012,91,330,4,6,2>I will ignore busy traffic corners and run-down-looking buildings for few things... "donuts" and "open 24 hours" and maybe grandmas crossing the road.Take a glance at the diner-style design. Although I haven't run into them, you can tell this is the kind of place that has a zombie following. Although they can be a bit slow to help you out, the staff has been very friendly... but who made the dumb decision of putting the drive-thru window at the register? Focus on me me me.The cappuccino is ehhh (no flavor, a bit watery, and overpriced), but the donuts are FRESH! When warm, biting the dough feels like biting cotton candy-- fluffy and melts. I recommend any of the unusual donuts: coconut or oreos. After your eyes adjust to the wall of donuts, glance at the pastries beneath the glass. Those cinnamon buns are as big as NBA players' hats! Next time, you're mine!And I've been seeing "BOGO free Fray's donuts" signs at gas stations? Catch me, I will be an addict.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,3/31/2012,28,50,1,5,3>Attention! Bakery on Premises!It is so nice to have a cool place to have cup of coffee and a hand made bagel. The baker also makes these mouth watering, oh mine just did thinking about it, old world scratch cakes with lemon filling and confection sugar and almonds on top. They have rich cuban coffee, iced coffee, teas, and some soft drinks. They make all their side salads, and soups, and deli sandwiches. The place looks small, but it is nice to sit inside and have a cup, and read the paper. They use meat that is not treated with hormones or artificial ingredients. They can supply large orders, and party platters, And yes they can deliver but I like eating there.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,3/30/2012,65,600,3,7,2>So - I'm one of those people with a serious sensitivity to smoke of all types - and as a result, as much as I love the Czar/Castle club universe, I had resisted the idea of hanging out here - I was expecting a haze filled space and me choking. I don't smoke, and yet the hookah didn't affect me that night. I was, quite happily, wrong.Popped in to see the wonderful Sandi & Amber one night and was immediately in love. The space is more 'intimate awesome' than 'smoky' by a long shot.The martinis we had were divine. A second one was even more awesome... I do love hanging with those lovely ladies.Considering this space was once part of the legendary El Goya (and in those days had a Roman baths theme... ah, the 80s) Its hard to imagine the reaction of the current patrons to what was once there. Course, most weren't born then... heh. A little history: When the building opened, it was a Spanish restaurant called Las Novedades. My mom used to go there with her family in the 1950s as a child. You can still see some of the wall tile murals in Czar next door. Its a historic building - las Novedades was the 'bookend' to the Columbia at the other end of 7th.In any case, whilst I wax nostalgic - you should grab a cool drinking partner and pop in here for at least one cocktail as you make the Ybor rounds at night.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,3/29/2012,10,62,4,6,5>Cajun/creole food is at the top of my list. If i would move anywhere else right now it would be new orleans, just for the food. That said, what i have had so far at Ricky P's Bistro is pretty damn close to NOLA goodness. I had been wanting to try their place on fourth for a while, but it never happened. So i am really excited to see them move into savannah's old place. I loved the chicken and andouille gumbo, and the corn and crab chowder. The boudin balls and dirty rice could have used liver, but i understand that's not for everyone. The softshell crab was really tasty, and cooked perfect (though its look freaked my fiance out, haha). The tapenade on the muffaletta was bit salty but was a great sandwich. So much more on the menu I cannot wait to try. Plus you can wash it all down with a variety of Abita beer! One more small complaint though, the sazerac isn't made with absinth. oh yeah, i overheard they may have a crawfish boil at some point! Hells yeah, high fives all around. Try this place out guys!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,3/28/2012,187,57,4,6,4>This place used to be a beef O' Bradys. I went there once but it's not really my scene. I checked out the new place 1) because I was interested to see what it was about 2) because I do like barbecue and 3) because I was eating a lot of meat for a while when I was on the Paleo diet and was looking for some new options.So here's the rundown: the staff is nice but not amazing. The food is pretty darn good. The meat is tasty and that is what I was there for. I am not as big a fan of their sauces but they are served separately so you can do what you want with that. What I like most is actually the way they do the sides. Green beans, collard greens,  slaw, that kind of stuff. Those were really great and I would go so far as to say memorable. They are through and through southern!! It seems like Big Pappa's is trying to retain a little bit of the sportsbar feel -  with some of the sports paraphernalia around and the screens near the bar. I don't know if that's really going to work, but I wish them the best.  This is the kind of place that I really hope succeeds in this terrible economy.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,3/27/2012,252,699,,2,1>Opened 7 months ago, and they're slowly accruing quite a clientele.  Mostly serving breakfast and lunch they offer a special every day. So far, I've stopped in for breakfast on the way to Ren Faire, and I can tell you that you will NOT find any better home fries ANYWHERE. They were delicious.  I've also stopped in for Lunch on their $5 burger Monday's.  They're not kidding, those burgers are HUGE. One caveat, tell them if you want the burger more done than medium. I was fine but my mom likes things a touch more well done.  The onion rings are to die for!   The service is always friendly & they're pet kind too, so bring your pups and let them enjoy the atmosphere too. OH! and they have a poker club that meets on Thursday nights, if that's something you're into, by all means, check them out!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,3/5/2013,626,152,,5,2>Really impressed with this little unimposing joint in St. Pete.  Stopped in for lunch, and as I love to do, asked the server to help me make up my mind.  "We" decided on the Rueben, which was awesome.  He told me they actually corn the beef in house, and actually do a lot of the things from scratch there, despite its bar vibe, they are really about the food.  The Corned beef was thick cut, almost like it was cut for corned beef and cabbage, but it was so tender there was not problem eating it.  The bread got a tiny bit soggy at the end because the beef was so juicy.... next time I will try to eat faster, cause the beef was perfect.The bar has a good selection of beers and when I came back just for some drinks with a friend, I asked about what was better- bangers or Scotch egg?  The response?  Rueben egg rolls!  He said they were awesome, and after trying the Rueben proper, it was hard to doubt him.  I have had them at other places, and these were better than anywhere else I've had BUT I would still recommend the sandwich over the app.  It could just be the Rye bread, but there was something small missing from the appetizer in comparison.  The menu isn't huge, but has a good variety, i don't think you can walk out of here dissappointed.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,3/4/2013,21,131,,5,4>If you are, like me, deeply ambivalent about eating at Chick FIl A then rejoice there's a better option out there: PDQ. The food is very good and the service is outstanding (genuinely friendly without the robotic 'my pleasure' that kind of creeps me out sometimes) . The interior is open and well lit (if a bit loud) there is nice comfortable outside seating. the Chicken is delicious as are all their sides. Their fries are fresh cut practically right in front of you. Their menu is perhaps a little bit limited but what they do they do well. A friend of  mine loves their crispy chicken salad and calls it 'one of the best in town' The only thing about this place that bothers me is they spray a mist of water around their sign and around their outdoor seating area purely for effect. It's not meant to cool the customers (and why would they need to cool their sign??) Water is in increasingly short supply and this gratuitous waste of of bothers me a bit. But don't let that stop you the food is awesome.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,3/3/2013,56,117,3,4,3>I have to say that this is a wonderful gem in downtown St. Pete.  The decor is cool and fresh while playing on the proximity of the university with the book shelves and the student-esque antiques around.  The place is comfortable and the staff is friendly.  There is a great liquor selection and some bar tenders who seem competent to mix them.  There are even rums and bourbons that I have never seen and I pride myself on being in the know about these things.  Then there are the burgers.  The Cuban burger they had was the best burger that I have ever had.  It had pulled mojo pork, plantains, and a special dill sauce on it and was served with plantains.  However, this was a special so I would encourage them to add it to the permanent menu.  Their other burgers are a little more run of the mill so I tend to get their specials.  But the regular burgers are still wonderful.  Toppings range from bbq and bacon to mac and cheese.  Then they have the $5 specials on tuesday and wednesday.  Everything is very tasty.  If I could think of one complaint it would be that during the summer they tend to leave the doors open and it can get hot.  Also when busy it can get very crowded since the place is small.  But that is not enough to deter me from the tasty burgers.  And don't forget that they deliver to World of Beer next door!  I have gone there 5 times now and it will continue to be a regular place for me.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/2/2013,204,405,2,7,5>I don't know how I managed to miss Magnolia Grille in the years I've lived in the area.  Having lived in the Carolinas for ~25 years and Magnolia claiming NC roots, after finally bothering to read the Yelp reviews I was anxious to check it out.Actually I've seen Magnolia many times as I drove by, and by name assumed it was just one of the many family diners that dot North Pinellas.   And while that's actually completely true, calling it "just one of the many family diners" in the area is a bit like calling the Mona Lisa "just one of the many paintings" in a museum.  Magnolia Grille is the home of Holy Grail Southern Cooking, folks.  I'm talking real pure, genuine, honest-to-goodness, sho-nuff, you got that right, slap yo mama Southern Cooking.   This food isn't just like your grandma made.  It's the food you wished your grandma made if she had inherited generations of cooking DNA from her southern ancestors.   And in addition to all of those Southern roots, this family has owned and operated restaurant has been serving up Southern cooking for 40+ years in North Pinellas.Located at the end of a small plaza on Alt 19 in Palm Harbor, Magnolia has a relatively small dining room... I'd guess about 50 seats.   The atmosphere isn't fancy, but it's very neat and clean, and a step up from most family diners I've visited in the area.  Service was quick and attentive throughout our meal.   Our orders were taken and served up promptly.   We decided to share a plate of sweet potato fries (just because they sounded great!), I had the shrimp and grits, and the other members of my party had the fried chicken (and turnip greens and fried okra) and chicken pot pie.  Using my Standard Yelp Tasting Method (meaning, I mooched a bit of everything on everyone's plate), I was able to evaluate all the flavors served up.  Every single one of them were delicious.   The sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked and tasty.  Shrimp and grits is one of my favorite Southern dishes, and while the name sounds simple and basic, it's not an easy dish to serve up with robust flavors.  In Magnolia's case, it was served up with grilled shrimp and andouille sausage in a savory sauce, served over creamy, homemade cheese grits.  The fried chicken was just outstanding.   I was in NC/TN/AL just a few months ago and tasted fried chicken at good restaurants in each of the 3 states.   Magnolia's fried chicken takes a back seat to none of them.  Moist, perfectly cooked and full of flavor.  The fried okra was perfectly cooked as well, a pleasant surprise as it's easy to cook it too little or too long...both of which may not be appetizing.   The chicken pot pie flavors were balanced extremely well, with the chicken, vegetables and sauce holding up a perfect pie crust topping.  I could eat a plate of it if no one in the kitchen was looking.The portions were huge.  We barely finished half of our meals which gave us plenty for left overs at home.For authentic Southern cooking, Magnolia earns my highest recommendation.Atmosphere:   4Service:   5Food:   5Value:   5
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/1/2013,236,252,2,7,3>This restaurant is a little difficult to find, but it is worth the search. It is on the right hand side in a plaza right before 107th Ave ends at the beach. The restaurant is new and it has opened with a bang. The decor is warm and welcoming with large metal shrimp and fish on the walls. The staff are fresh-faced and eager to serve. The food is fresh and delicious. There is also a nice (and different) selection of beers on tap. If you aren't into beer they have jello shots and "Alligator Ice" (frozen sangria and margaritas). There are even some unique items on the menu (BBQ Scallop Pizza anyone? Also starting March 1st they will have Mahi Mahi Chimichangas!)Our party of three ordered Shrimp & Scallop Bruschetta for an appetizer. It is spiced cream cheese with pan fried shrimp and scallop bits spread on an incredibly fresh loaf of bread. It is incredible! My Husband normally does not eat cream cheese on anything other than bagels, but he gobbled up his half (and some of mine while I was distracted with the menu...hmpf). We ordered BBQ Scallop Island Tacos, a Scallop Florida Summer Basket and a JT's Beef De-Breez for our meals (I've included pictures of all of them). Everything was delicious. The scallops were incredible fresh and well seasoned (and not at all fishy which is a major pet-peeve of mine...yay). My absolute favorite thing was my Husband's JT's Beef De-Breez. The Beef is angus-center cut beef that is braised and roasted for 5 hours and it is fall-apart-melt-in-your-mouth-best-bite-EVER. I think I could order that every week and never get sick of it. He ordered a side of black bean soup with it and he is still going on about how fantastic it was. I do feel obligated to mention that I know the owners, but I promise that does not change my review in any way. I paid for my dinner and I will be paying to eat there again SOON. I would also like to mention that Richard (one of the owners) has worked in/owned several restaurants and it is obvious by the quality of the food. Treasure Island now has a gem! Check it out.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,2/28/2013,254,1058,6,10,6>*drum roll please*I will be the very first to confess that I am not a coffee drinker. I never got used to the taste of coffee, although I do like the smell of freshly-brewed coffee. What I do enjoy is a place to visit with friends, sip a beverage of my choosing, and relax in a comfortable "homey" environment.Sips Specialty Coffee House is just such a place, located along Gunn Highway near Citrus Park. You'll find Sips in a little strip mall out in front of Super WalMart and down the block from an Amscot financial center. It's right at the intersection of Gunn and Henderson Road.Walking in the front door I had to do a double-take because I thought that I'd stepped back into my mother's kitchen. You could smell all of the wonderful scents of baked goods, along with the flavors of coffee and toppings. There were people sitting at tables, sipping their drinks, playing cards, board games, laughing, and chattering away. The decorations were definitely right in line with what my Mom would have placed around her kitchen.I had the opportunity to meet the owners, Caryn and Ken Reed, and learn a bit about their journey from Michigan to Florida, and the idea for their coffee house which opened six months ago. Very nice, down-to-earth people who are looking to provide that comfy neighborhood gathering place for people to meet up, play a game of Jenga or chess, and do a bit of networking. Oh yes, and enjoy that coffee - hot, iced, blended, frozen - you name it. The house special is Sips Mocha which is made with white chocolate, swirls of caramel, steamed milk & espresso. They have lattes and mochas and cappuccinos and espressos, fruit smoothies, hot teas, iced teas, and your regular ol' cup o' Joe. There's also a refrigerated case with fruit juices, soda, and bottled water.They have a baked goods counter with bagels, muffins and pastries, and these AMAZING homemade dark chocolate cupcakes with Reese's cups inside.  YUMMMMM!!!!For those who are on the go and don't want to climb out of your car, then Sips has a drive-up, full-service window. You can get a single-serving cup, or pick up one of their containers of coffee for the office.Now one final treat -- especially for us Yelpers. Sips happens to employ the very lovely and sweet Ms. Cece C. as a barrista, and I highly encourage you to stop in and say Hi to her.Yes, I understand, there are a lot of places where you can stop for coffee, but not many places offer this type of cozy atmosphere. It is worth the time to stop and make some new friends while enjoying a great cup of......well, I was gonna say tea, but y'all would probably like the coffee a whole lot too.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,2/27/2013,46,128,5,6,3>My husband and I LOVE LOVE LOVE Nitallys! We have been several times for several special occasions, and have recommended it to dozens of our friends.I usually have a hard time passing up the Pad Thai Curry, but when I do its usually for one of their seasonal curry specials. The first time I had the pumpkin curry, I almost fell out of my chair it was so good! And so different! You can imagine my disappointment when it wasn't on the special board the next Fall. Then, to my utter delight, the owner Ally had it made for me! Blissss! However, I will warn you to be very specific about how hot you want your dish to be. I like a little heat, but here I can only handle mild. My husband keeps forgetting and orders medium. He definitely regrets it in the morning. Heh heh heh.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,2/26/2013,288,121,4,6,5>Sometimes the best places to eat, are the ones you would typically miss if you weren't looking for them. I've driven past the shopping plaza that holds Carrollwood Deli hundreds of time, but it wasn't until Yelp told me to try the deli located inside that I even noticed it existed. Semi-hidden from the road, Carrollwood Deli blends in with the rest of the nondescript shopping center, but don't let that facade full you, the deli had a full 5 star rating and I discovered today why it earned it.My husband and I decided to drop in for lunch when I did a nearby search of restaurants in the area and the deli was highly recommended. It's not much from the outside, but inside it's clean and has that welcoming mom and pop shop appeal to it.The menu was full of traditional deli sandwiches, salads, and soups. All the bread is baked fresh daily on premise and the meat is sliced fresh for every sandwich ordered. They pride themselves on the freshest possible ingredients.The restaurant was small with sit-down service. We chose our own table and were quickly taken care of by our server who wasted no time getting our drinks and taking our orders. The food was served almost as quickly as we ordered it, that definitely impressed me. I ordered a 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad combo with the "beef and bird" 1/2 sandwich (roast beef and turkey breast) and 1/2 a garden salad. I loved everything about this simple meal. The kaiser roll was so fluffy and fresh, the meat was cut thick and piled high, and the salad veggies were crisp and flavorful. The key to a simple meal is real, fresh ingredients. If you have a good slice of turkey breast, then chances are you don't need all the extra trimmings, it's probably good on its own. Also, really happy I ordered the 1/2 sandwich - the full would have been way too much. The 1/2 was just enough to fill my stomach without overstuffing it.Overall I loved Carrollwood Deli and can't wait to return. If you want a simple, yet tasty lunch - it's really the way to go.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/2/2013,2/25/2013,35,101,3,11,3>This place is... AWESOME!Every time I drove past the building, I was excited to see that a new brewpub was opening up close to my home.  I finally found the time to go check it out and boy was I pleased.When you first walk in, you feel like you're in a microbrewery, which I love.  The staff is friendly and promptly sits you down wherever you like.  You have three choices to choose from, the bar area, the dining area and the quiet room.  We chose the dining room and were very pleased.  The setting is nice, but be forewarned, it tends to be loud in there.  One of the positives is that there is no smoking.  (I'm not a fan of the smoke filled pubs and bars).The menu is like your traditional pub menu, burgers, pizza and seafood.  We went with the pulled pork bbq flatbread and one of the burgers.  Both were delicious, the sea dog pale ale bqq sauce was spectacular.  We later ordered the soft pretzels and cheese dip appetizer, the soft pretzel were rather hard than soft, you could tell that it was just pulled out of the freezer.By far the best part were the draft beer.  They've got so many different house flavors to choose from that you'll walk out broke.  Pints go for $4.50 and $3 during happy hour.  But the variety is great, so they pretty much cater to every drinker.  I recommend to try the sampler, 4 smaller beers for $5 or 8 for $10.-------------Edit 7/15/2013:After a few times of visiting here, we've noticed that service is declining.  There are times where we have waited 10-15 minutes before the waiter or waitress would come back to refill us.  Looks like the glory of this place might be dying out for me.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/24/2013,91,275,,2,3>This is a different kind of Cycling unlike your regular stationary bikes at the gym these bikes are made to simulate a real bike ride, you can lean to the sides, steer and bank your bike making the workout more challenging.It takes a while to get used to the bikes and the energy that takes to steer them. For anyone who likes cycling this is a step up making riding very enjoyable. I wish their Tampa location had more classes, most of them run early in the morning and late in the afternoon, one class on Saturdays and none on Sundays. Some of the classes also include a weights and cardio session so you do get a full workout or you can go in early for Java Ryde. It's a small location so they recommend to sign up for classes online or by phone but they are not always full so late check-ins may work from time to time. The instructors are very helpful and they offer ride specials.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,6/19/2013,81,138,,10,3>I'm officially obsessed with this place. I've eaten lunch twice and both times the food has been amazing. Both times I've eaten out on their lovely patio and it's been so nice sitting outside during the workday that I would eat there every day if I could. The restaurant is basically French/Vietnamese and having eaten at a similar eatery in Orlando, I was just as impressed.  The first meal I tried was the beef pho and it was perfect. Delicious vermicelli noodles in a warm broth with light veggies and perfectly cooked beef taking a nice little bath. The second meal I had was the beef bun noodle salad. It was even better than the pho! Again, delicious sliced beef served over the "bun" noodles with lettuce and peanuts and a light dressing I want to drink. Instead of drinking that though, I had Jasmine tea. It's slightly sweet and served nice and chilled over ice. I can't wait to eat here again and order a Vietnamese sandwich. I implore you all to eat here and help make this place a local favorite! Pho real!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,6/18/2013,73,57,4,9,4>My friend and I came across this small, novelty bookstore in Tampa after a trip to Bamboozle across the street. The books are old, new, signed, used, and often first editions. There are plenty of highly worn collectibles. We found ourselves in the Cookbook section, sitting in front of labeled shelves, basking in the smell of old books and the promise of the smells of the yummy recipes that wait to be slavaged from them. I ended up leaving with a Baltic cookbook to help me venture into my indian spice kit, and Jenn got a old James Beard cookbook. The prices range from the $4 to the $40, based on the edition of the book, any signing, etc. If you are looking for cheap finds, this might not be the top option, but it is worth a try if you are willing to dig, and deal with the dissappointment that you (me) tend to pick out the higher priced options, without fail. They have two major half-off sales per year, so make sure to like them on facebook to be in on these events! I am going to be keeping a watchful eye in August/September when the owner said the next event would be... All the cookbooks will be mine bwahahahah... um, yeah, so, go here!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,6/17/2013,70,258,1,4,4>Everything you've probably heard about Pinky's is true.Unfortunately this also includes the wait, but it was well worth it.  Came here around 9:30 am on a Sunday and there were plenty of people waiting outside.  Took about an hour to get in.  Go early!I had the chorizo wrap and it was heavenly.  Rarely does food cause me to reflect on its deliciousness after every bite but that was the case with this wrap.  The eggs were fluffy and the chorizo was seasoned perfectly.  The best part is that I left Pinky's absolutely stuffed - usually not the case when you find GOOD food.Came back home after breakfast and napped for an hour until the food coma subsided.  All told it was one of the best Sundays I had in 2012 - so it goes without saying that Pinky's is recommended.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,6/16/2013,28,115,,4,1>Gourmet burgers? Check!Fabulous milkshakes? Check!Perfectly crispy fries with unique dipping sauces (like toasted marshmallow?) Check!Burger 21 is as good as it's gets. I usually love their Black and Blue burger, but last night I had to try the Tex-Mex Haystack: 6 oz patty loaded with guac, gouda, bacon, frizzled onions, and cajun mayo. The ale sauce for the fries is amazing too--at 1.49 for a side, it's a steal and  SO TASTY. Make sure you order a shake as well, they have unique flavors such as banana's foster, creme brulee, and key lime pie, as well as the standard chocolate, vanilla, etc....Prices are a little more than average, but the portions are good sized and more importantly, everything is extremely fresh. Service (counter-style with food runners) is always good. Parking can be a little rough in this area, but it's  worth it.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,6/15/2013,263,174,,9,2>I recently contacted about five moving companies to get estimates for our in-town residential move. All of them required filling out a form online and said they would get back to me by phone. Brothers EZ Moving was the most prompt about replying. When they called I gave some basic information to the customer service representative and we scheduled a time for a sales rep to come out and give me an in-home estimate. A couple of days later Josh showed up at the appointed hour, calling me about a half hour beforehand to let me know he was on his way. Josh was a very nice guy and had no problem stepping over the boxes and mayhem that is my current house. We walked through each room and he took notes. He answered all of my questions and gave me advice about packing. He said there would be no problem with disassembling and reassembling my huge platform European bed. He was great and told me a little about the history of Brothers EZ Moving. Turns out he was one of the founders. It's a totally local company and is one of the highest rated on Angie's List (and Yelp...that's how I found them). They were the most prompt of all the moving companies I contacted, once again, in getting me a written estimate via e-mail. They also ended up coming in with the lowest estimate. I'm sold! We have booked our move with them and I'll be back to update my review afterwards. Just wanted to give them a shout-out on their communication skills and free in-home estimate.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,6/14/2013,6,67,3,3,3>Man...great Meatball Parmesan Hero! I picked up my wife after work and told tonight we are going to a good place so I pulled up into here. She didn't tell me she ate 2 hours prior so she ordered the Zeppolies, Excellent!  But looking around at what they had I kinda wanted everthing but I was really in the mood for an Authentic Meatball Hero and I knew I wasn't gonna be disappointed. We took a take out menu and we are planning on getting a large Sicilian this week and I also told her to be on guard for when she leaves work I'm already going to have something ordered for pick so she can grab it on the way home. Can't wait.I only give 4 stars right now because I need to eat more from Sardos, doesn't mean there not 5 stars.The place is clean,  they have been in business since 79', good people and helpful on deciding on what to order because it can be overwelming because like I said I wanted everything.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,6/13/2013,45,100,2,2,3>Thoroughly enjoyed this quaint place from the food to the service to the small family atmosphere.  As soon as my two friends and I sat down here for breakfast, we were greeted right away by a very friendly lady.  She was very attentive and quick to take our orders when we were ready! Coffee and other beverages were brought out quickly and the food not far behind! I got scrambled eggs with cheese melted on top, bacon, and home fries and it was delicious! Prices were very reasonable.  I paid $10 for my meal, coffee, and tip in addition to the great service. She brought us three separate checks but assured us that we should take our time.  Coffee refills were offered promptly. The atmosphere is cozy and family- like because it's a smaller place.  I'm sure I will be back!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,6/12/2013,84,214,3,3,3>Tapas. Tapas. Tapas!I went when they were remodeling or are still remodeling, so it got pretty cramp when I was dining there. They had a-okay service but it wasn't amazing. The interior is classic and simple. I got there when they were about to open so I had pretty good seating. The food here is just too dangerously good! The tapas here are a bit on the $$ range but the quality is worth it. My favorite would have to be the octopus which is so tender and soft it melts in your mouth. I have to warn you though that you should eat this when its hot because it loses its flavor and tenderness after awhile. Other than that this octopus is amazing!! I also loved the tune tartar, it's fresh and has the perfect amount of flavor to go with the crispy bread. My next favorite tapas here would have to be the datiles con panceta aka dates wrapped in bacon. Its a very sweet and savory dish that I think would be perfect as a desert or last dish to end with. It's sweet, creamy and salty. My least favorite would have to be the wild rabbit. I decided to give it a try but was not a fan. Maybe next time! I really enjoy my visit here and am dying for a next one! The food is great and it has a nice environment here. I think I hear a dinner date calling my name here!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,6/11/2013,86,68,2,4,2>This place could quite possibly be my new favorite place.  After seeing Kooza the Cirque du Soleil show in St. Pete we decided we needed to try something unique in St. Pete for dinner.  Nitally's did not disappoint!The place is a little small and it was a Saturday night and things were quite busy.  Let's start with the drink menu.  I love a place that offers many different drinks. They have the best Thai Tea I've had in a very long time and it's served in a giant mason jar.  They have drinks that represent both sides.... boba teas, regular teas, Thai tea and Thai coffee.  For the Mex side they have horchata, jamaica and some agua frescas.  Trust me, there is plenty to choose from.  Now, for dinner... the menu is HUGE.  There are some dishes that are more Thai and some dishes that are more Mex and then there are dishes that are a beautiful mix of both.  We started with an app called Mexican burritos.  Think more like a little chimichanga, kind of a wrapped taco filled with beef and fried.  It was served with an absolutely delicious sauce that was creamy with pineapple.  The two together were perfection.For an entree I had one of the specials which was cinnamon curry with chicken.  It was delicious! I was worried the cinnamon would be too overpowering but that was absolutely not the case.  The hubbs had the Thai-Mex curry with chicken.  I didn't try it, but he seemed to really enjoy it and it looked beautiful.  Nitally's isn't perfect.  The service was very friendly but just a tiny bit slow and the prices on the specials were just a tiny bit high (our dishes $17.99-18.99)  considering they were a curry dish.  On the other hand, there are plenty of lower priced dishes to choose from if cost was an issue.  The seating is a bit cramped since it's a very small area and the space is a bit awkward.  None of these little issues overpowered the delicious food and fun vibe of this place.  I'm already planning my next trip there!One last note:  we found the dishes to be a bit spicier than expected.  If you usually order medium I would go mild.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,6/9/2013,19,97,,2,2>We have taken the family to Siam Thai several times now, and it proving to be one of our favorite Friday night go to options for restaurants.  he Tom Kha, Panang & pumpkin curries, and the Pad Thai are all dynamite,  which makes me struggle to choose!  I also highly suggest the Nam Sod, a Thai salad made with pork and served in a delicious Yum dressing (the Yum Beef, rocks too)!  The kids menu is this limited to chicken fingers and a sampler platter, boh are cooked to perfection, and we don't get complaints from our 9, 11 &14 year olds... They also serve a fried ice cram, that pretty tasty. Parking is hard to deal with as the restaurant is located just across the street from World of Beer, but that really only knocks off a half a star...
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,12/20/2012,88,148,1,7,4>To appease hubby's hunger for that darn seafood bucket, we went to Rusty Bellies at Tarpon Spring, only to find it was closed for Monday. This is why Yelp exists for good reason. We found Davidson's Dockside 1 mile away. Oh boy, is this a great find or not. Just opened last Friday, Davidson's Dockside is ready for its customers. Locate on Anclote road, this local gem is definitely hidden. If you are a tourist wander into this one, two things are for sure: first, you are lost; second, you will be happy you are lost. The waterside restaurant sits next to 'Port Tarpon Marina'. Plenty of slips available to park your boat, then walk to the deck with flip flop and shorts enjoying an ice cold beer ($11 per bucket). Talking about the reward after a hot summer boating day, nothing beats this in our Floridan way. Davidson is there for one purpose: To relax and devour some off-the-boat fresh seafood. So don't be surprised if you see none silverware or crispy white napkins on the table. Cheap plastic table cloth give you the excuse to make a mess while you peeling those delicious 'Cajun Beer Shrimp' or 'Snow Crab'; plastic baskets pile with fish and chips.  Of course, we, went straight to that darn seafood bucket and it was a five star dish! I have tried plenty seafood around our area and this one tops of all. The size of the clams, the freshness of the shrimps and oyster, the flavor of the butter seasoned sauce, mixed with steam corn, red potato, and garnished with 1/2 of snow crab. Its price: 19.95. (our total bill was $ 46, including  1 starter, 1 cup soup, 1 seafood bucket and 4 local beers)Since it is just opened, there are still things to be improved. But all the essentials that we foodies look for are established. Drink list is extensive both on beer and wine. Menu is succinct with plentiful choices for adults and kids. Service is prompt and pleasant. I think Davidson's will do well despite its remote location and competitions from variety good seafood restaurant at Tarpon Spring. We like it and we are spreading its name. Support the local business.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,12/19/2012,129,98,2,4,2>Hubby and I went here yesterday, his first time, and it had been years since I had been there. It was still just as delicious. They serve a great hot dog with what seems like endless options. I am on the simple side, I enjoy mustard, their bright green relish, and onions on mine. Less is more in my book.They have very good coleslaw and the fries are hot and fresh. There is sentimental value in this restaurant, as I used to go with my dad. He loved it of course for the great hot dog, but also the red decor and diner theme they have. If it wasn't on the other side of town, I am sure I would go here more often. And now that I've been reminded of how good it is, I may have to make the trip more often.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,12/18/2012,221,240,1,10,2>Update:This past Sunday, my husband and I took Ryan up on his offer to give their brunch a shot. We were both a little iffy due to our past experience, but we figured, what the hell? And we were pleasantly, pleasantly surprised!The service, specifically our waiter Devon, was phenominal. Friendly, attentive, and so much personality! I seriously wanted to take him home and make him my best friend. The food was awesome! Lots of variety, and I'm ashamed to say that I pretty much tried everything. Including a mimosa or three. There's an omelette station, pasta station, eggs benedict, french toast, sushi, crab, cookies, etc. They have it all, and it's all good!Thank you, Ryan, for inviting us to try brunch at Grille 54. You went above and beyond in your customer service and it is truly appreciated! And please, for the love of god, send me the recipe for your peanut butter cookies. ------------------I'm going to start off by saying that I dont give a lot of one star reviews, but i liked pretty much nothing about this restaurant. It's been talked up so much that I'm wondering if maybe we ordered the wrong things, but I was completely underwhelmed by all three dishes.First, for the price, I would expect a classier place. The price doesn't reflect "sports bar" but the million TVs do. Make up your mind. The whole interior felt very "confused and trying too hard" to me. Second, the service was not good at all. It was very slow when we ate there, yet my husband's drink went empty... twice. And mine went empty once, which is rare because I'm a very slow drinker, if that tells you how poor the service was. We also waited another 10 minutes after dessert until we got the check. By then we were so ready to get out of there.Lastly, the food. Just... no. Everything on their menu sounded so great that I couldn't wait to try it all! Well, I feel like their menu presents a caliber of food that they would like to be able to serve, but they just don't have the talent in the back of the house to actually create it. Basically, the menu made my mouth water more than the actual food.I had the chicken saltimbocca which was so bland! It was bland chicken, with salty prosciutto, dry mozzarella, and salty gravy. It was salt on salt on bland. No depth of flavor at all. My husband declared the mashed potatoes to "taste like ant poison smells". I found the flavor to be a little off and the potatoes to be gummy, but not quite terrible. The husband had the bison burger which he didn't even finish- and it's a rare day that my red meat loving husband doesn't finish a dish! I tried a bite of his burger and it was so gamey and nasty. It literally tasted like a zoo smells. Ew.After being 100% underwhelmed, we decided to give dessert a shot to at least give them a "three strike" chance. We ordered the snickers pie, which on the menu states that it's everyone's favorite. Why? I don't know. It was alright. It was a decent chocolate crusted cheesecake, but I don't know where the snickers part comes in. Beyond the fact that it had a little slice of snickers on top, there was ZERO snickers flavor through out- not even a peanut! I would give them two stars based on our experience, but I'm giving them one because I can't believe that monstrosity was a $50 meal. Seriously the worst $50 I've ever spent on food ever.I really wanted to try their brunch, but after our experience, I won't be back! I'll stick to Jackson's if I need a brunch fix and literally anywhere else for dinner!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,12/17/2012,117,304,3,6,3>The very essence of old-school "diner cuisine".The place is saturated with history..... If you like diner-chic this place will satisfy 100%. I was not aware of its 'Diners, Drive-In's and Dives' appearance before I went - but they play it up pretty heavy. There even a huge signed poster of Guy Fieri on the wall. Despite the hype, they have kept the place retro....good to see.For breakfast, I wanted to try lots of options so I ended up ordering WAY too much grub:Fried Green Tomatoes: At 3.25 for a massive order - this is a HUGE value, and a huge serving. Order one for the table to share - excellent!Pancakes: MEH. Waaaay to dense for my needs. I could only mow through about 1/3 of the stack. It was like eating a brick! Good enough taste-wise, but I like my cakes fluffy and moist. These are HEAVY, and the syrup is served cold. Imagine that cold syrup congealing over rapidly cooling plaster-like pancakes, things get unappetizing fast.Bacon: MEH. Seems almost criminal to serve bacon this weak in a diner. The order consisted of three limp, warm strips served perfectly flat on a plate. Limp is an understatement. The bacon was probably the most flaccid I have ever been served. I felt actual pity for it when it arrived. Order it WELL DONE or "crispy".Hash Browns: Very Good! Exactly what one would expect. Biscuits & Gravy: SCORE!!! Probably in my top three B&G's I have *ever* had. As soon as it hit the table - you could tell it was good. Dark and rich, chock FULL of sausage, on home-made biscuits. This was the highlight of my visit and the star of the show. Highest recommendation! This place rocks 4 stars for the atmosphere and very friendly and fast service. It's fun to eat here! Talk about unique...I'll bring folks from outta town to check this place out for sure. The "famous Munch Burgers" are next on my list to try!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,12/16/2012,70,189,2,3,1>We've been coming here for years.  We've always had great service (shout out to Sally!) and we've always had great food.We have had the brie, which is oh so good.  We often get the pot stickers which are yummy!We like the soup here, especially the soup du jour.And favorite dishes are the chicken thai cobb salad, the black tie affair OH how rich!, the bacon crusted scallops - WOW, the shrimp hawaiian, lovely.  You can't go wrong with any of their burgers and when they have the grouper (or better yet hogfish) - order it Almandine (toasted almonds)!  It is wonderful.It's a really great meal, they always accommodate, the portions are very large and moderate pricing.  One of the best places to eat on the Island!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,12/15/2012,60,119,3,7,3>Delicious family breakfast stop. We have heard great things for years, why it took us so long to go I'm not sure. Now that we are 2 minutes down the road Bonnie's will be our go to breakfast stop. Drinks were included with most meals. A full breakfast with coffee for $4-7 dollars, unheard of! The quickie is similar to a skillet at other restaurants. A bunch of different breakfast meats, peppers, onions, mushrooms, eggs, and cheese served with potatoes and toast. Delicious!  We also tried the Dunedin muffin which was eggs benedict, but with American cheese instead of hollandaise.For a simple, home cooked breakfast this is our new favorite spot! Very small restaurant and the staff is very friendly.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,12/14/2012,236,252,1,9,4>Crowley's has become our favorite restaurant in St. Pete. I have been to Crowley's about 20 times now and they never disappoint. They have great food, great service and a fun atmosphere. You can eat outside, at the bar or at an inside tablet that is more private. For breakfast (Sat & Sun they open at 8am for Breakfast) I normally order biscuits and gravy, corned beef hash or an omelet. The Biscuits and Gravy are the best I have ever had. They have huge chunks of sausage in them and they are slightly spicy. They are served with eggs or potatoes (which are amazing by themselves). The corned beef hash is REAL Corned beef hash...not the canned stuff. You get chunks of fresh and delicious corned beef mixed in with potatoes and I believe onions and peppers. The omelets come with just about anything you want inside of them and taste great with a layer of cheese folded on the inside. You can also order specialty (or regular) Mimosa's for $5 with your breakfast. I like the Crisposa which is Crispin Apple Cider and OJ. As an appetizer I highly recommend the St. Pete Roll. It is thin, but bready dough wrapped up with cheese and sausage. It is to die for. Their nachos are also unique and delicious. For dinner my favorites are the Irish Dip, Fish & Chips or Sheppard's Pie. This list would probably be longer, but I tend to order the same thing because it is so good. The Irish Dip is basically the best French Dip you have ever had. It is piled high on a fresh bun and served with au jus and french fries. The Fish and Chips are also the best I have ever tried anywhere. The fish is so thick and the crust is perfectly flaky. I am picky when it comes to fish. It has to be high quality and not taste fishy. Crowley's always achieves this. The Sheppard's Pie is also delicious and is a huge portion. It has an intense broth flavor seeped into every bite. and is piled high with mashed potatoes and cheese. Crowley's also has a fantastic beer selection. They change out their beer on tap often. They also tend to have a lot of specialty beer events on Fri & Sat nights. In addition, they have a decent bottle selection. I can always find something that I am happy to drink.I have also always received amazing service at Crowley's. A lot of the staff know us by now, but even the new wait staff treat us great. They are friendly and normally on top of our drinks and food. You can tell that everyone that works there loves their job. They have even done a few special things for us like make us Irish Dips at breakfast time or let us try an expensive beer that they aren't supposed to. On most of their beers they give free samples, so make sure you ask. If you haven't been to Crowley's, you are missing out. This is one restaurant you must try.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,12/13/2012,46,128,5,4,7>Mexican heaven served from an old school bus. You gotta try the bus at least once!Taco Bus serves up delicious, authentic, Mexican favorites such as burritos, tacos, tortas, tamales, and tostadas with your choice of filling. Other traditional Mexican dessert delights include tres leche cake, flan, and horchata. I have a hard time straying from favorites that I choose based on how hungry I am. Tamales are offered on the weekend, and Im a big fan of the vegan tamale drenched in their red salsa. I also love the vegetarian burrito, fish tacos (so delish!) and the butternut squash tostada.  Taco Bus is dog friendly and the servers are always very nice, no matter if you are dining in or getting To Go. Compared to the original Tampa location, this Bus is only a couple years old and much cleaner. At least the dumpsters are not within whiffing distance.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,12/12/2012,16,73,1,8,3>Decent cuban food is dime a dozen in Tampa. Excellent cuban food though is a little harder to find, but Cuban Breezes does a great job of bringing it.The food is excellent. The cuban sandwich is great, classic recipe, but excellently made. The desserts are great, a good variety of them to choose from. I love the plantains and could probably order just a huge basket of them just to eat myself.The prices are extremely affordable, especially when considering the taste of the food and how much you get. There are a lot of specials, which is great on the wallet. Service is always really good and you can expect to never really wait too long for your food. Cuban Breezes is very casual and laid back, so its a great place to bring the kids along, no worrying about them disturbing other people.Over all, Cuban Breezes is an excellent restaurant and I highly recommend it.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,12/11/2012,105,180,3,5,4>Hands down a great hands-on experience for anyone who loves craft beers.  If you can get on the list and volunteer to spend a half-day helping to bottle the latest batch of Saint Somewhere Brewing Co. beer do not miss the opportunity to wash, fill, cork, seal and label these hefty containers of really excellent beer. It is great fun and a treat to be part of what has become a widely distributed beer from a local and talented producer.  Last check this is getting into the hands of beer fans all over the U.S., in Montreal and even as far away as Denmark. Or you can visit the brewery tucked away in an out-of-the-way location in Tarpon Springs Thursdays and Fridays from 6 - 8 p.m. Ten bucks gets you a glass and three refills. The warehouse where the beer is made is small and the interior and parking lot can be hot but the beer is cold and well worth dealing with the heat.  One of the newest places to carry the Saint Somewhere craft beers is Pelagia Trattoria (pelagiatrattoria.com) at the Renaissance Tampa International Plaza Hotel.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,2/3/2013,289,123,,5,5>I have only been to Fire once but it has been on my list for quite sometime. A few weeks ago I only had 30 minutes for lunch, so I called in and ordered their wings to-go but asked if they could plate them first so I could take photos for my blog since I feature wings every Wednesday. The staff was great and had everything ready as soon as I arrived. I had been hearing about their wings from various friends and after taking a few pictures I had to try a few right then and there. I love that they are served naked with a trio of sauces, thus making them less messy. Simply outstanding, they made it onto my top ten list of favorite wing spots in Tampa. I can't wait to go back and taste my way through their menu that looks incredible.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,2/2/2013,391,402,1,12,7>For anyone's that has been to ArtPool, you know it's a great little vintage boutique/thrift store/art gallery across the street from Haslam's that really makes that part of Central Ave feel unique and full of Local Pride (and once a year another type of pride). The place is huge, with the main store and gallery, but they had this unique attached building and courtyard area that wasn't truly utilized except for the monthly shows. That has all changed now.The courtyard area is now filled with tables and chairs. With the weather the way it is, it's really nice just to sit out there, or in the "garden". But we're missing on why you would be sitting out there.In the "garage" building are a few spots that encompass theCAFÉ@ARTpool. You have a sandwich bar that serves fresh sandwiches for breakfast and lunch starting at 7 am til 3 pm. The menu isn't huge, but everything is great: fresh salads, sandwiches pasta, dips, soups, and even dessert. theCafe manager CF makes everything and does an excellent job. The Pressed Pimento Cheese Sandwich with Bacon is simple and tasty, although I am interested in trying the Pineapple Cream Cheese dip and Wet Coconut Cake.NOTE: Get the organic green tea with honey. Wow, this is some of the best sweet tea I've had.But wait, there's more - theCAFÉ@ARTpool also has a craft beer bar. Beers selected by Evan fill the gamut - a choice variety of IPAs, Ales, Lagers & Stouts at very reasonable prices. Need any suggestions, turn to the barkeep who has an intimate knowledge of not just the beer, but the records for sale across the way. What this all means:-Working on Central and want a cheap, fast, good lunch - you have a new option.-Shopping on Central on Saturday and want a cheap, fast, good lunch (and maybe a beer) - you have a new option-Looking for a new record/vintage toy shop - you have a new option-Central Ave Beer Crawl - Perfect place to start-Enjoy attending ArtPool events but lament lack of seating - no longer an issueSo I recommend checking out both sides of ArtPool now as both are different experiences and stores.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,2/1/2013,189,109,,4,2>So, I'm not an Elite Yelper yet...but I imagine Mazzaro's annual wine tasting is similar to an Elite event.  It was a very well done event, I would definitely attend again.  There were over 60 wines to taste and gourmet Italian hors d'oeuvres.  It was limited to about 100 so it really gave us a chance to mingle and not feel crowded at the wine bars. The people and staff were friendly. Definitely worth attending.  We met a gentlemen in the line to get in.  He was a food broker, meaning he brings food in from Italy, Spain, etc. and uses distributors to get the food into the stores.  We named him our tour guide for the evening.  He was able to describe the wines and cheeses we were tasting.  He also introduced us to all the managers and owners of Mazzaros.  Everyone was so friendly and down to earth.  I was feeling no pain by the end of the evening, so I picked up my 6-pack wine holder and filled it up with 6 bottles of wine.  I can't wait to savor my new wines while I'm entertaining at home and I will be returning to do some gourmet Italian grocery shopping to make some appetizers to go with it! I look forward to wandering around in there on a Saturday afternoon when they do their wine tastings...or maybe hang out at the coffee bar and write my Yelp reviews :)
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,1/31/2013,236,111,9,3,3>If you haven't been to a Hamburger Mary's drag show, you might as well get back under the rock you crawled out from under.No.  Seriously.  Back under the rock.  Go now.Unless, of course, the only reason you are coming out is to fix that situation.Located in the heart of Centro Ybor, this place not only has phenomenal food, but boasts one of the greatest drag shows in Central Florida.  The atmosphere is always electric.  The Queens are beautiful, fun, engaging ans simply fabulous.  The D.J. spins the best music.  The decor is eclectic and absolutely eye candy.  All the servers there are wonderful, personable and delightful.There are a few diamonds on the menu that you cannot leave HM's without tasting.The fried mozzarella?  Delish.  The hummus?  Better than some of the hummus you get in the "true greek" restaurants in Tarpon. Their mac and cheese would make any southerner want to go home and slap their Mama's for not being up to par.  And, of course, the burgers are insane.  Bleu cheese burgers, mac/cheeseburgers, teriyaki burgers, cheese sauce drizzled burgers, mushroom burgers and the spectacular Buffy the Burger Slayer which is soaked in red wine and garlic Aioli.  It's "bloody" delicious.But, speaking of insane burgers, do what my husband did and order yourself the "Get it Girl" Cheeseburger, also known as a heart attack waiting to happen.  This crazy thing packs more meat than the drag queens.  A full pound of hamburger, three layers, sandwiched between THREE grilled cheese sandwiches, and then, has the balls (no pun intended) to include a ton of avocado, mayo, grilled onions and...the holy grail of all meat products?  Bacon.  Lots and lots of fabulous meat candy.  Bacon, bacon, and more bacon.If you are a glutton for punishment, or just a sloppy pig in general?  Top off the meal with a fabulous dessert like their fried Twinkies (the fact that Hostess is going out of business seems to elude them as they present to you, three of these deep fried golden wonders, slathered in whipped cream and drizzled in a raspberry sauce.  Or, if you want to impress your friends?  Have an order of S'mores sent to the table.  You get a little mini fire pit put on your table complete with stabby sticks for your marshmallows, several Hershey bars and packages of graham crackers (the good Honey Maid kind, not that generic cheap crap that you can buy with food stamps in the economy aisle of the grocery store).  You toast your marshy puffy goodness over the fire pit and make your own S'mores.It's nirvana.  Truly Nirvana.  All this, while watching some of the most beautiful girl boys performing lip sync delights while dancing through the audience, collecting dollar bills like some kind of twisted strip club in Heaven.  The only "downside" to HM's is it is LOUD in there.  So, if you are on a first date and trying to get to know each other?  Bad choice.  However, if you are on a BLIND date and the person you are stuck with is astoundingly ugly and an utter bore, this is definitely a great place to meet.  You could be with the most boring person on the planet and still feel like you had a great date.  It's the best place to go to ignore someone you're with.In short, if you like your food with a side order of nip/tuck and she males with better bodies than the "real" girl you took there?  This is the place.  Actually, even without the amazing entertainers, this place would still be one of the best hamburger joints Tampa has to offer.  It's a feast for all the senses and I highly recommend Hamburger Mary's for the food, the fun and the females.It's Ru-Paul's drag race...with meat.  Amazeballs.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,1/30/2013,167,237,3,4,3>Unlike some of the other reviews our server was attentive and never missing for too long so I guess something must have improved or it was my lucky day. The rating is not for the decor, booths, flatware and plastic coke glasses because that felt just a little too much like Denny's, even the prevalent yellow in the artwork took me there. So getting past that how was the food? I've only ever stopped in New Orleans one night at a time on my way to Houston so apart from Brunch at the Court of Two Sisters and The Bananas Foster at Commanders Palace nothing seems to be logged in the taste bud memory cells as the way Cajon is supposed to be so I couldn't tell you about the authenticity of the flavors or the contents of the dishes served. I can tell you if you are a fan of the more traditional Eggs Benedict then you might be disappointed in Ricky P's brunch version. If you enjoy crab, bacon and a rich flavorful sauce on your Benedict then you will be going back - just one minor nit-picking mention and that was the eggs were over done. The fruit and veggie bar was a nice touch for brunch guests and if you enjoy a spicy Bloody Mary you should be impressed. I believe I will keep visiting 4th Street for their Po Boys though :-)
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,1/29/2013,100,358,2,3,2>I went on a Tuesday night and was happily surprised to learn that there are $2 hand rolls on Tuesdays!  I got a salmon hand roll and a snow crab hand roll.  Honestly, when I ordered the snow crab I thought it would be lightly fried.  It was shredded snow crab, which was still good, just not what I expected.  In the salmon hand roll there was a good size chunk salmon.  It was delicious.  They also had half off wine during happy hour (which I think is before 6:30 p.m.).  I got there at about 6:45 p.m. and still got half off the house wine, so I might be wrong.  All in all, it was a great, light meal for less than $10!  I would suggest this place for a nice date, or a classy night out with friends.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,1/28/2013,167,342,4,6,6>There are not too many hiking spots in Tampa where you can experience actual "elevation changes" aka hills... but Alafia River State Park actually offers that. A phosphorus mining site until the 1970s, amid the hiking trails there are hills and holes blown out by dynamite and now covered by vegetation that create the illusion that you're actually trekking through the (pseudo) mountains. That's really only one or two trails though, as the others are sandy, flat and narrow. Not to mention, infested with mosquitos! (But you knew that already.) Mountain bikers abound and they are not as type-A as I've experienced on some other trails (sorry cyclists but you know it's true)... Be forewarned that admission is $5/car and the trail map is VERY VERY confusing and poorly labeled. I thought my dog and I were the only ones who were lost, but every time we got to one of the pretty much useless maps a mountain biker came by also asking for directions. A good rule is 'keep going and you will eventually make it back to the trailhead.'Overall I really like this place, even though it's a little removed from Tampa in the boondocks. Clean restrooms and bike (or in my case, dog) wash station. Great for people who want to do something active and have a few hours to make the trip and try out all the trails.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,1/27/2013,124,123,5,4,5>I used to live in Seminole Heights for about a year and discovered this staple.Honestly, if you've never been before, this place looks shady, dangerous and risky to enter.  Only two out of those three adjectives are true.Alpine has everything that you need in a liquor store - an impressive range in selection for liquor and beer.  My only caveat would be that if you are looking for craft beer, you may want to go to a specialty store.The employees that work here are extremely friendly and "down-home."  Don't be taken aback if you experience yelling across the store or slightly inappropriate banter, I promise it is all a part of the experience.Whether you are looking for a fine scotch or the latest flavor of Nuvo (I hear Peach Cobbler and Red Velvet Cake are a must try), Alpine Liquors is the place to go!B. Major Grade:  A
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,1/26/2013,53,93,,3,3>This is my new 'ugly mug' (the best coffee Memphis - my old stomping ground - has to offer).  Extremely cool atmosphere, without being conceded about just how good both the coffee and food are.  The staff is super friendly & helpful.  They take their time to make sure they prepare the perfect cup of joe.  If you've read any of my other reviews, you'll get the idea that I'm very much a immediate gratification girl...and you'd be right.  However, I'll gladly wait when people are clearly working their chops off to make sure that I'm thoroughly satisfied.  On my first and only (thus far) visit, I had a tomato, basil & mozzarella sandwich and purchased two lbs of coffee.  I wish Kahwa offered more roasts for sell - I think they offered 4 different roasts.  That said, I'd rather a small selection of impeccably roasted, quality coffee, in which each sip is savored as opposed to every possible variety of mediocre roasts.Since, this is in my new 'hood, I expect to be a frequent flier, if you will.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,1/25/2013,201,321,4,12,5>Mangú.  Okay kids, it's time for a Plantains 101 course.  So we Latin folk love our plantains.  We love them fried, baked, boiled, ripe, green, and anywhere in between.  Sliced, fried and flattened green plantains we call "tostones".  Those are a bit hard and salty.  Sliced, fried ripe plantains we call maduros.  The riper the better.  Those are sweet.  If you take fried green plantains and you mash them with pork rinds into a ball, you get mofongo.  Very popular in Puerto Rico.  Our neighbors to the west in the Dominican Republic prefer their green plantains BOILED and mashed, with onions and oil and garlic.  They call that Mangú.  Mangú is a lot like mashed potatoes, but with plantains instead of potatoes.  Very popular for breakfast with fried eggs, salami, and/or cheese. There's not a lot of places that make good Mangú, and as you can imagine not all Mangú is created equal.  You need to know what you're doing.  And the folks at El Bohuco know what they're doing.  There's all sorts of other stuff, like mofongo and pork.  But try the Mangú.  I think you'll love it so much you'll want it for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The place is new and very neat, service was very friendly, and an order of Mangú was $5.50.  This is as good as it gets!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,4/28/2013,336,610,1,7,4>I really missed Sophie's so I had to come check this place out.  It was nicely decorated, and pretty comfortable, warm and posh.My friend and I both ordered tea, and I was especially impressed by the tea menu. I really wish I took a picture of it so you can see.  Not only were the descriptions of the tea extremely appetizing, the taste of them were wonderful. I had never seen the plastic strainers that they come out of. I wish I took a picture of that as well.  I ordered Kiwi Coconut Cherry Tea, and my friend ordered a Cafe Au Lait tea. Wow, these was the best ever.  The gripe about these teas though is that they were just too small. I wanted more and more but the mug could be bigger.I also picked out a Lemon tart which had the flambe like white topping on it. That made it so good.I really liked hanging out here and felt that it was a nice refreshing snack away from work.  I hope that they can possibly make the mugs bigger  bc the taste was so heaven.  I'm happy that they continue to have the outside area as dog friendly because Mocha sure loved it when it was Sophie's as well.  The rest of the menu were some breakfast type items and different sandwiches which was worded quite fancy.  I am not much of a sandwich person, but I surely love my pastries, coffee, and tea. I also love that it is not a chain.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,4/27/2013,25,137,2,8,2>Wow I can't say enough about this toffee! I've gotten their goods at the St. Pete Saturday Morning Market, where they always offer free samples, which is very much a gateway drug leading you to the packaged bags you can take home with you. I am extremely impressed with the flavor of all their toffees. They have milk, dark, and white. White chocolate is usually too sweet for me but Toffee to Go really gets it just right. I especially love the mixed flavor boxes.I don't eat much sweets these days, but when I do, I make sure I treat myself to something really special and really worth it, and this toffee is totally worth it. Grab yourself a bag, keep it in your freezer, and when you are craving something, a piece of this toffee will hit the spot and leave you satisfied for awhile. You guys rock! Thanks so much for what you do.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,4/26/2013,87,76,2,3,2>We ended up here on Valentine's and had a wonderful time; I was even given a rose with the check :)  We were sat inside without a reservation or wait. I had never been and was a little nervous when the host started leading us up there stairs, but was pleasantly surprised by the ambiance- you could still see and experience everything with maybe an even better vantage point. The server was great and right as we were finishing up is when they danced and broke some plates (it only lasted a couple minutes). I have also been to the location in Ybor and it was much smaller and they performed more- so it was a bit noisier. I preferred this one and that the atmosphere was much better. The only thing I would've done differently is ordered something a little better/more interesting that the Greek Salad; it was still good and I had leftovers but next time I think I'll get something a little more adventurous :) Would definitely go back here!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,4/25/2013,39,43,,8,4>I had the most intense craving for sushi tonight and had to drag the man along with me.  I was SUPER excited to find out about Crazy Cafe because of all the great reviews and most of all.....it is 2 minutes from our home! :)Jalapeno Appetizer = freaking delicious.  It  had spicy tuna, cream cheese, and jalapenos tempura style with special sauce. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE order this first. I had 2 rolls: Volcano and Fugi Roll. Which were too die for.  I especially liked the Volcano roll which had baked cream cheese and scallops on top of a calfornia roll with eel sauce! DEFINITELY one of my favorites.  The Fugi roll was very good with shrimp tempura, avacado, eel sauce, and baked with crab.  Both of these rolls were flat out AWESOME.Bill decided to go a little more bland and try a spicy scallop roll and esclar roll which he said was very good.  And he is picky when it comes to sushi, believe me!PLUSES: Service went beyond excellent here                 Sushi is very freshed and plated very well                 Ambiance and chill factor to the cafe is awesome                 Price is very reasonable compared to other sushi restaurant                 It is only 1 block around the corner from my home !!! :) :)Bottom line - we will be returning.  Samurai Blue still holds the keys to my heart however the Crazy Cafe is definitely in my top 5. Way better BY FAR then any sushi I have experiences in Brandon yet.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,4/24/2013,49,63,1,7,4>Hyde Park Village has the potential for 5 stars but it's not quite there.  This is a family oriented outdoor shopping center with a nice mix of retail, dining and entertainment options with a beautifully landscaped and maintained village green in the center.  They have two free parking garages and there is some available street parking in the surrounding neighborhood.  They frequently host outdoor art festivals and about once a month they have a free music concert with beer and wine vendors.  They also have a farmer's market once a month (the first Sunday of the month) which I think could stand to have more LOCAL farm fresh vegetables, produce, eggs, meat, poultry and seafood options.  What I really love about the festivals in Hyde Park Village is that they are always dog friendly, in addition to being very family/kid friendly.  They keep their website and facebook page updated, so it's a great resource for finding out what events are coming up in the near future.  There are a couple of great stores:  Lululemon, Pottery Barn, Restoration Hardware, Anthropologie, Williams-Sonoma and Francesca's, in addition to a few I have never checked out - Indigo Coffee,  Brook's Brothers, Tommy Bahama, a running store (Fit Niche), a couple of other women's clothing shops, a lingerie shop and an apothecary (i.e. bath and body products from Crabtree & Evelyn).  There is also a salon, CineBistro (movie theater with dining), a gym, a dog boutique, a candy and chocolate shop, and several restaurants to choose from:  Timpano Italian Chophouse, The Wine Exchange, Nature's Table cafe, Irish 31 and the most recent addition, Piquant, a French bistro and cafe.  Hyde Park Village is beautifully maintained and is really a lovely place to spend an hour or two, but honestly I think it is difficult to stretch the visit out any longer than that due to the somewhat limited shopping and dining options.  I think Hyde Park Village could be even better and worthy of 5 stars if they would only find a way to add more high-quality shops to fill in all of the empty storefronts.  I would estimate about 20% vacancy which is a real shame and brings down the mood considerably when walking past 2 or 3 empty shops in a row.  As for my two cents, I have a couple of ideas to make Hyde Park Village even better:  a couple more upscale restaurant/bars geared toward the professional upper 20's/early 30's crowd that lives in the area, a fro-yo shop, a yoga/barre studio, a really good, casual coffee shop/bakery/cafe with covered outdoor seating, a Jamba Juice, and last but not least, a Trader Joe's!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,4/23/2013,53,93,2,4,2>I'm a HUGE fan of Cassis.  Outdoor seating is plentiful, for a more casual experience.  The interior reminds me a restaurant that might appear in an old '30's movie...a lot of charm!  They serve brunch on Saturdays with a fantastic selection of cocktails.  The "April in Paris" is divine!  Elderflower, pear vodka & champagne is a delightfully delicious combination.  Next time, I intend to try the "Beach Drive Lemonade," which is muddled strawberries & lemon with raspberry vodka.  YUM!!  I didn't JUST go there for the cocktails...they were just an added bonus.  I had the tomato & mozzarella salad, which I would definitely have again.  My friend had the warm lentil salad and loved it!  The atmosphere was relaxed, the international music selections matched the relaxed atmosphere.  I will definitely be back to try all of the selections - not just those of the alcohol variety. :-)
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,4/22/2013,201,321,1,5,3>Two years since my first reviews and I still keep coming back.  Some of the staff has changed but the new staff is just as friendly.  And the concept of a fresh custom salad, sandwich, or omelette (on weekends) is just as fresh as before (pun intended!). They've added new macaroni and potato salad side choices which I generally stay away from as I try to eat healthy. I usually stick with a custom salad with onions, chick peas, edamame, cranberries, raisins, sun dried tomatoes, hummus, feta cheese, BBQ chicken and a drizzle of pesto garlic dressing.  I estimate 20 WW points, but worth every single one!!!Hours have changed to M-F 10-8 and weekends 9-4.  The website still shows the old hours.  I miss being able to have dinner here on weekends, but it's so good I just switched my visits to lunch.  If you are in downtown give Fresh a try. I like it.  A lot.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,4/21/2013,111,336,4,5,4>I dream of datchos. No, really. Datz is worth the 45 minute drive for me. I first visited for "late night" (like 9:30) cake after a dance class I took nearby. It was amazing and made me come back for actual food. First time I had dinner here, I tried the pink peppercorn chicken (yum!) and breakfast for dinner (which was massive) and had some gelato. Second time I was here I split the datchos with a friend. Oh my. Sweet and salty potato chips, tangy chili, cheese, sour cream... I'm drooling just thinking about it. I ordered chicken and waffles (with jalapeno maple syrup... brilliant) after that and boxed it. P.S. that reheats well in a toaster oven... My friend has a gluten intolerance and when we told the waitress, 1) she actually knew what it was and 2) she made sure my friend's dish was GF. We found out there was flour in it somewhere and we managed to switch it to something else that would work. The last time I was there I went with the same friend and we split another order of datchos. Still as delicious as the first time. I tried their version of the ceasar salad and was really happy, yet again. My friend got some kind of a steak with a coke and hoisin glaze on it. Looked fantastic. I tried her mashed potatoes and they were some of the best restaurant ones I've had. Why can't you be closer to me, Datz? WHYYYYYY?!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,4/20/2013,94,97,5,6,3>I rarely get excited about the frankfurter.  I've been to NYC once and only have a blurry recollection of devouring the age-old meat in bun concept.   Hotdogs are just not one of those simple life pleasures I tend to crave.  Yet, there is one place...and one place only, that truly promotes a certain childhood nostalgia which in turn, forces me to excitedly chow down on 100% pure Vienna beef dogs snuggled in perfectly steamed poppy seed buns.  If you grew up in Tampa, you already know what joint I'm referring to.  If you have lived here for even 5 years and have yet to experience the famous, the legendary, the ever-so righteous Mel's Hotdogs, then you, my friend should be ashamed...brutally ashamed.     Mel's hotdogs has been around longer than I've been alive.  It's the one indulgent spot my health conscious mom somehow justified taking her kids to on a Saturday afternoon.  It is a place my father still brings up immediately when lunch options are discussed.  It is a mom and pop diner that my brother would mention within five minutes when talking about his childhood in Tampa.  It is a retro inspired eatery where the hotdog is a celebrated meat that delightfully snaps in your mouth with each glorious bite. It is my personal hotdog heaven.    I've long wanted to write a post, a declaration, for the greatness that is Mel's.  With a couple of tortuous, grueling, stomach aching years behind me with not a single Mel's dog, it was time.  It was time to experience that untouched, impeccably salty Vienna beef with that snazzy snappy casing, that supremely steamed soft bun and that oddly bright green relish topping.  But going just once this month was not enough.   It took two visits for me to feel even somewhat content in my Mel's dog demolishing.    Visit #1.  My boyfriend and I had an event at Busch Gardens to attend in the evening.  No Busch Gardens visit is ever complete without a trip to its fantastic diner neighbor.  Chris had never been.  He has only lived in Tampa for four years; he is excused...by a hair; he is excused.  A first timer on my hands, I already decided on two dogs we'd have to order.  The third?  That'd be up to him...because I am just that nice.   After ordering at the counter where the kitchen is 100% visible to patrons, we sat down in one of the shiny red booths.  In less than ten minutes, our number was called and our hotdogs were in hand.    The Chicago Dog; how I love you so.  I can't remember ever feasting on it as a child but my palate is far more refined these days.  Yes, we are in fact, still talking about hotdogs.  It takes special taste buds to appreciate the fully loaded concoction named after a great U.S. city.  Onions, relish, tomatoes, pickle, hot sport peppers, celery salt and mustard create a dog's dreamland of textures and flavors galore.  With one bite, I was kicking myself in the rear for having gone a whole two years without visiting this place.  Tomatoes on a hotdog have never been so good.  This combo is one that Mel's prides themselves in doing right.  No skimping at all...every Chicago ingredient is generously accounted for.      Mel's Special was also sitting so patiently before us.  Good dog.  Loaded with mustard, onions, kraut, relish and pickle, this hot dog is so special, it's named after the hotdog genius, himself.   That crazy green relish gets me smiling every time.  With the awesome intensity of the sauerkraut and the onions, this hotdog is unforgettable in taste.  A classic, go-to staple, it never disappoints.    Chris chose the Slaw dog as our 3rd delight of the night.  Mel's coleslaw is fresh and tossed with just enough dressing.  Creamy and crisp, it paired awesomely with the soft warm bun and tasty dog that lay wrapped up inside.  Chris loved his first time at the renowned Tampa hotdog joint.  Who are we kidding...I knew he'd want to go back for more.     Visit #2.  My brother, Patrick ordered the Chili Cheese Dog.  I must've had déjà-vu three times just looking at that dog.  My heart skipped multiple beats when he allowed me a bite.  Straight from my childhood, the chili cheese dog is one decadent treat.  Not for the heartburn sensitive, this dog comes smothered with tangy, spicy, meaty goodness.  Mel's Chili is the only kind of chili suitable for a hotdog as it is sans the beans and not overly extreme in heat or tomatoes.  I chose to create my own- the Mel's My Way menu option.  Grilled onions, peppers, swiss cheese and mustard were the name of my hotdog game.  I had to toot my own horn for this stellar creation.  With a drizzle of hot sauce, it was absolutely divine.  To share, we were extra gluttonous in our hotdog selection.  After all, Saturdays are cheat-days from our normally healthy diets.  The Bacon Cheddar dog was calling out to us.  I take that back.  It was screaming at us. Not that Mel's dogs need any assistance at all....but a wise bird once told me that "bacon makes everything better."  Indeed it does.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,4/19/2013,289,123,3,4,3>Dinner last night was like one of those amazing first dates where everything goes just right and you don't want the evening to end. I woke up today with butterflies in my stomach as I reminisced about every delicious detail. My spectacular date last night was with Reservations Gourmet-To-Go which is located in the eclectic neighborhood of Seminole Heights. Owned by Anthony and Elke Catania, it is a hidden gem that serves exquisite dishes made with local ingredients. Words can't express how much I enjoyed my meal last night. Every dish was prepared with love and passion and that is why I give them five stars.Open Monday through Saturday from 11:30 am until 6 pm, they offer a fantastic lunch menu as well as catering. A few weeks ago they launched their Reservations After Dark with an intimate dinner service offered on Saturday nights from 6-10pm. Each week the menu is a special selection of unique dishes made with local ingredients.My friend and I each started with a small plate. He ordered the Lobster Bisque which was savory and creamy with chunks of fresh lobster. I only had a taste, but it was spectacular and he really enjoyed it. The presentation was simple and elegant. I opted for their Prosciutto, Sweet Fig, Parmesan Reggiano, Chive and Radicchio. Every item on this dish is one of my favorites and I was really impressed with this selection. The combination of the sweet figs and prosciutto was simply intoxicating. Food porn at its best, this dish left me wanting more.For the main course, my friend went with their Grilled Rib Steak with Jalapeño Butter. Served atop grilled bruschetta and adorned with fingerling potatoes and sautéed spinach, it was fantastic. Now, I am a medium-rare girl and he ordered his medium-well, which to me is a sin.  Nevertheless, I tried a bite and it was spectacular. The jalapeño butter was a unique blend of salty and spicy and I could not stop raving about it. It just melted into every nook and cranny and accentuated the flavor of the succulent steak. Magnifico!I had their Blackberry Glazed Pork Chop with Blackberry Demi Glace. Served with Creamy Parmesan Polenta and Roasted Cauliflower Moutarde, it was insanely delicious. Thick and juicy, the smokey flavor of the pork blended magically with the blackberry demi glace. Fantastico!For dessert I had their Sweetened Ricotta, Pistachio, Shaved Chocolate and Whipped Cream. Truly an orgasmic combination in a dish, it was an incredible blend of flavors. The nuttiness of the pistachio paired so well with the sweet Ricotta and I savored each and every bite. This dessert was nice and light and was the perfect conclusion to my memorable evening.This place is amazing and I can't wait to go back!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,11/20/2014,91,90,5,9,7>Wow I can't wait to return and try more of the rolls and boba!  I had the salmon and avocado roll with spring rolls and seaweed salad. Everything is made fresh when order by Ming Ming and served to the table by either her or her husband. The salmon was super fresh and the avocado was perfectly ripe. I loved that the roll wasn't heavy on the rice so you could really taste everything. The spring rolls were served hot and crispy with a delightful sauce. The side of seaweed salad was larger than I expected so I had some left over to take home for an afternoon snack. I also had a Thai coffee that was outstanding! Many times Thai coffee can be super sweet and you lose that great strong coffee flavor. I love my coffee and I can see myself stopping in at least once a week just to pick it up. I love the open and warmth of the space. This is a great place to relax and enjoy some tea and or some sushi. The price is great for everything but they have some great combo prices.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,11/19/2014,65,344,3,7,6>I was so excited when Petra opened in south Tampa.  I no longer have to drive up to north Tampa for the best hummus ever!The menu is the same as their restaurant up on Busch.  As mentioned, their hummus is heavenly.  I think it's the excellent olive oil they drizzle on everything.  And their pickled veggies are the best.  I am addicted to their pickled cauliflower.  It tastes good with everything.Tonight, I tried the beef shawarma.  They don't have the big brick of beef and lamb on the spit, they just take beef strips and season them like shawarma, but it still tastes good!  My dinner mates had the chicken shawarma and the mixed kabob plate.  Everything was excellent, especially with the garlic sauce.Service is only okay, and the decor is very bland, but the food is great, and portions are huge.  Parking is in the MetroPCS lot next door.  It's a little weird parking there and walking next door, but apparently that's okay with the phone store people.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,11/18/2014,238,551,7,10,6>Methinks I have found a new favorite Italian spot!My husband and I have been doing "week night date night" as of late (less crowds and helps break up the week).  Based on the glowing Yelp reviews, we decided to give Osteria Natalina a try.  First impression:  this place is small, quaint, and obviously family owned.At first, I was a little disappointed by the fact that the menu mostly consists of seafood as I was in the mood for more traditional Italian food.  I was quickly un-disappointed (is that even a word!?) when the server came over and told us the list of specials and that they can make any Italian dish we desire...SCORE!Onto the food - we ordered a bottle of Chianti, which is always a great choice at an Italian restaurant.  We ordered an appetizer at the recommendation of the server - Shredded Beef with arugula, aarmesan, and tomato.  It was absolutely delicious and like nothing else I have tried before.  I went for Chicken Parmesan, which came with a heaping serving of pasta with cream sauce and some fresh veggies.  It was soooo cheesy and enough food for two meals.  Husband got a Pear Pasta in a Gorgonzola Cream Sauce - it was perfect.I loved the family vibe in here and the fact that they really cater to their customers.  I would not recommend coming here with a party of more than 4 as it is quite small.  I am going to Italy in September and I feel that Osteria Natalina helped prepare me for my upcoming food vacation!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/17/2014,111,81,4,9,7>I have been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. For both times, the food was spot on. Will I be a frequent customer at this establishment? You betcha! Its good to note that a bunch of thai cuisines consist of using fish sauce, but do not let that deter you from trying the food! The use of fish sauce here does not overpower the dish, or stinks up the whole room, but rather compliments it.This place has lunch specials and you should take advantage of that! The lunch menu consist of a soup of the day or salad, 2 egg rolls, and your lunch entree. Lunch portions here will make you full and they do not skimp out on the rice. They have a good variety in their lunch menu so if you are new to the thai scene and do not want to be spending lots of money, lunch time here is the best time to feed your curiosity. Just to note that portions will be smaller than dinner portions of course. Anyways, on to the food:Do not be safe and go with egg rolls or whatever...I highly HIGHLY recommend getting nam sod as a starter: ground pork, ginger and vegetables mixed with a fish sauce lime juice concoction. Similar and light to Vietnamese Goi. Really good and flavorful. Entrees I have tried and highly recommend are:Panang Curry: not to overpowering with the coconut milk, and decent amount of meat and green/red bell peppers. The curry broth is really good. Drench the rice with it..mmmm tasty. If you have extra broth just take it home and drink it by itself..it's that yummy. I would do it and so should you. You can find this also on the lunch menu for a lower price.Thai Sweet Basil Noodles: Flat noodles with your choice of protein and veggies (asparagus and peppers). Unlike Pad Thai, this is less sour and has a really strong basil aroma. The basil is the star of this dish, and it compliments with the sauce concoction on the noodles. Whenever I come here, I seriously want this dish (and ps this is on the lunch menu too!).Tamarind Snapper (~$29ish): Do not let the price deter you from getting this. Portions for this is huge! And it will attract other people from different tables to be like "omg what is that! Its huge!". Anyways, it's basically a deep fried snapper drenched in a tamarind brown sauce with veggies. The meat was moist and not dry. Be sure to drench that meat in the sauce to get all the flavors!**Tom Yum here is good, but its not for the faint of heart. If you are not yet adventurous for fish sauce/tamarind combo yet, then slowly build up to it. Since you will smell it and it has a very strong (yet good) taste. As for the spiciness level, I do hope you will add some hotness to your dish. After all, we ARE talking about thai food. Some of you might not have iron stomachs like mine that can go up to extremely spicy, but the spiciness does help bring out the flavor of each dish...just an fyi.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,11/16/2014,99,207,4,11,7>Alright guys, the hype is real. Get here now and eat some delicious food! We promised our server we would be back this weekend so I'm excited to try some of the other more unique dishes. When we pulled in I was like errrr...where the f am I lol..it's located right off 66th St in a strip mall. Right next to a Cici's Pizza. After eating here, I was thinking all the people I was watching go next door were crazy- most definitely would pick Sohkdii over that! Interior of the restaurant is beautiful. They completely renovated everything inside from what I was told by our lovely server. Menu is unique. I've never heard of some of the items. Along with the Laos menu, there is a sushi menu. Awesome looking sushi bar in middle of the restaurant. We ordered pork eggrolls, papaya salad, chicken wings and Laos sausage. And I also placed a to go for the hubby since he was at work.Eggrolls- crunchy and had good filling. Not overstuffed with cabbage. Chicken wings- nice seasoning! Not greasy and were fried perfectly. My son tore them up. The sweet chili sauce that accompanied it was soooo good! It's made in house and is a secret recipe. I found that out when I jokingly asked our server for the recipe LOL. Papaya salad- I opted for mild (2 peppers) and wow! I must be a big sissy cas that was spicy lol. But it was so good with the sticky rice I couldn't stop eating. Eat through the burn, baby. The pork sausage was yummy. I could taste the fresh herbs in it and it went nicely with the tomato chili paste it came with. So. Much. Food. They also have desserts such as fried bananas, fried ice cream and a couple other things I forgot. She also mentioned they change up the taro ice cream flavors weekly.Our server was maybe one of the most personable and friendly people I've ever interacted with at a restaurant. I can't believe I didn't catch her name. I suck. Anyways, service was prompt, food was amazing and I will be back this weekend! If anyone wants to do a UYE here, I'm down! Oh yeah, and the prices are phenomenal for what you get. So yes fellow Yelpers, truly worth the 5 star rating.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,11/15/2014,68,285,6,10,6>If you have read my review of Datz, and judging by the lack of compliments, you haven't, you will know that I love everything the owners do.  Datz has to be one of my favorite restaurants in Tampa, so that when we found out they were opening up a creole restaurant in a city that doesn't have them, we were thrilled (we is me and my girlfriend - her review will be better than mine).Anyway, we were in New Orleans earlier in the year, and were anxious to find some creole food or at least creole inspired cuisine somewhere.  Yelp had an event at Roux a couple of months ago where we got to sample a few items, and everything was amazing.  Well, now that the restaurant is complete, we got to try a whole meal.I loved it.  However, I am taking a star away for a couple of reasons.  One, it is not as good as Datz.  It is cuter than Datz, but the food at Datz is better.  Secondly, I am not sure it is worth the prices they are charging. Those are my only two complaints, so lets get onto the good stuff.First, the decor.  It's very cute.  Brick facade walls with gas lamps.  Keeps it romantic and looks a lot like a smaller, but higher end restaurant from New Orleans.  Great place for a special occasion, first date, etc.Second, the service.  Our server, good ole' washisname, was fantastic, especially since we sat down about 15 minutes before close.  We didn't know.  We called to find out what time they were closing at about 9:30, and we were told 11:00 by the hostess.  Once we arrived, sat down and ordered, we find out they close at 10:00.  So, even though we screwed the kitchen and server, they treated us very well - much better than I would have acted if someone did that to me when I waited tables.Finally, the food.  The menu is a bit intimidating.  Really creole inspired.  Rabbit, alligator, and other weirdness.  I ordered an andouille sausage and alligator pasta.  I didn't care for alligator last time I had it, but I figured mixed with sauce and sausage, maybe I'd like it.  It came out all ground up in an awesome marinara sauce, so that I wasn't sure if I was eating the sausage or the alligator, and it was delicious, mixed up like that.  We finished with a baked alaska.  They had given us some to try at the yelp event I mentioned, and they were very good.  This one wasn't as good - kind of disappointing actually.  I think it was a raspberry flavor, but I am not positive about that.  Anyway, it was the only one they had that night, or at least, the only one they had left, and we didn't love it.All in all, it's worth checking out.  The menu is very different, and not something any Tampa or Florida native would expect.  The owners really tried to bring something new and different to the restaurant scene, and for the most part, they did a very good job.  Prices are a bit high, menu is a bit intimidating, but we enjoyed ourselves and are happy they finally opened.I couldn't disagree more with the 2 star reviews on here so far.  I understand if this isn't your cup o' tea, but the food, service and environment is worth at least 3.5 or 4.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,11/14/2014,200,161,11,9,8>Way back in once upon a time time, I learned about a new Mexican dive that was sooo good, it could bring the coldest of a-holes to tears.Soooo good that it was worth the 30 minute drive from Tampa.Soooo good that it would make you come back for breakfast, lunch and dinner.... multiple times a week. Soooo good that it would make you stop cooking at home altogether.Soooo good that eating just 1 thing off this diverse menu might make you punch someone that speaks of "the Bell". Soooo good that someone needs to call Guy from triple D. Soooo good that it would make my friend Kristen ask us to go there 351,882 times within the past 6 months. Yo, it's THAT good. So, after multiple attempts, we finally planned a girl's lunch at this little, hole-in-the-wall strip mall dive called Capital Tacos. A few of us from this side of town decided to carpool over to Land O' Lakes, and as we drove, we drooled over the online menu and tried to decide what we would order. With creations like the "Catawampus", the "Billy Yank" and the "Peacemaker" (any of which you can order as tacos, burritos, nachos, or salads), the decision was NOT easy.I swear at some point we crossed the Florida/Georgia line, but before we knew it, we were pulling in, and joining our friends, already downing beers and looking like little kids on Christmas morning, awaiting the face-stuffing hour. Capital Tacos is tiny, however, if it gets too crowded, there is some seating outside on the porch. And you know what? If you can't find a place to sit, plop down on the curb in the parking lot. You'll forget about not having a chair as soon as you take your first bite. There aren't any waiters here. You walk up to the counter, place your order, pay, then wait for the magic to happen. Within minutes, you'll be called back to the window (via license plate tags they'll hand you as you pay) to grab your meal and your beverage (beer, bottled drinks, sangria, and homemade sodas on tap!). Then, you feast. In silence, preferably.You don't need distractions in your life when it comes to enjoying Capital Tacos. So tell your friends to pipe down and savor each bone-shaking, orgasmic, moment and contemplate proposing marriage to one of the cooks so that you can have free Capital Tacos any damn time you please. Now I've only been once, so I can only tell you what I enjoyed, which was the Federale taco and the Ranger taco, but I will say this. From what my friends have claimed, everything on the menu is delicious. Even the breakfast options... specifically the "dirty potatoes." And I cannot disagree. The Federale was one of the best things I have ever eaten. Hands down. If you haven't tried Capital Tacos, remove the excuses from your brain (see above) and go. Go NOW. Run. Believe the hype. You won't regret it!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,11/13/2014,60,155,5,11,7>This place is REALLY good! We've been here twice and will be back again and again. They have a large menu and the food and service are great. Sushi: I believe the server said that they have 70 different sushi rolls. I just know that there are several long pages filled with the rolls, with lots of different combinations that I've never seen. They will also amend them to your liking. I don't like asparagus, so this works well for me. The first time we came I had 3 of the rolls: KoKo(Alaskan Snow Crab, avocado, & spicy salmon), Sky(krab & cream cheese topped with salmon and wasabi mayo, & Angel(fried krabstick, cream cheese, & avocado inside topped with baked spicy krab outside). They were all good but the sky was my favorite. Today I had the crazy ninja roll, which had a lot going on inside but it's really good. There's fried shrimp, snow crab, avocado, & cucumber inside topped with krab, spicy tuna, & wasabi mayo. A lot, but it works. Korean food: Today with the exception of the crazy ninja roll, we tried the Korean food. My wife had the seafood soondubu cheegae and said it was the best she's had here in Tampa(vs Matoi & Sa Ri One). I had the spicy bbq chicken and share the same sentiments. It was juicy and flavorful with plenty of but not too much spice. There was also a lot of it. We both had leftovers, which I have packed for lunch tomorrow with still a bit more left for an appetizer or snack. The wife had the doalsoat beebeembap on our previous visit while I was immersed in sushi, which she also loved. The little one came today and had the veggie udon soup. The kids menu has several other choices as well.The service was very good. The staff was really friendly and chatted with us quite a bit. The owner conversed with us for a while on both trips and is quite friendly, which is not what we're accustomed too when eating at a Korean restaurant. Several of the other staff came by to chat as well(partly because everyone thinks my wife is Korean even though she's Japanese), and we felt quite welcomed here. The sushi chefs were chatting it up with diners at the sushi bar too. As far as price, it came to roughly the same for the 3 of us as it usually does at Matoi. There is a cool vibe inside, the decor is neat, it's very clean(especially the bathroom, which is also pretty cool) and comfortable. There is also a bar with some creative drinks(like sake sangria and Asian wine flights). Parking is on the east side of the restaurant, so coming down Kennedy from the west(like from Dale Mabry) you will get to the building and turn in before seeing the parking lot. This is our new favorite Korean and sushi place, hence the 5 stars.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,11/12/2014,112,169,12,13,11>I am not a smart man, but I know what good food is. Definitely a hole in the wall place that I would never have known existed if not for the magical powers of Yelp.I'm going to say something shocking: I have never had falafel in my life. I guess that I've been sheltered. Now that I have though, I intend to have it again. I intend to have it so often, that I get on a first name basis with it. Then one day I'm going to marry falafel on top of a mountain, and there's going to be flutes playing and trombones and flowers and garlands of fresh herbs. And we will dance till the sun rises. And then our children will form a family band.Besides being delicious, it was also very filling. The falafel plate with a drink came to eight bucks and change, so the value was awesome as well.I have nothing to complain about, therefore this place scores a five.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/11/2014,21,59,5,10,6>Amazing the things you can find in a little strip mall off Drew & Hercules in Clearwater.Nyki and Donnie are the owners and you will not find two friendlier, kinder hard working people on the planet.  We found them on Yelp late on a Friday night and popped in less than an hour before their closing time.  Despite our late arrival we were greeted with warm smiles from them both and invited to sit wherever we liked.Yeah the place isn't fancy but to me that's often the sign of something good. This little joint is clean and painted in bright cheerful colors and furnished with a mix of small booths for two, colorfully painted high tops, and large family style tables with bright table cloths.  At first I thought oh they could fit more tables here by the counter...but after eating there I am thinking it's smart of them to leave room for the lines of "folks in the know" that I am guessing must form on busy days. Everything is served in to-go containers which I personally appreciate because it's less waste and trust me you're gonna need your left overs to be pre-packed to go because you're gonna have left overs.Nyki brought us samples of gumbo and we were done for.  It was a bit spicy for me but that's because my husband ordered it "medium" while I was checking out the ladies room (clean and stocked!).  Next time I'd probably order it mild but it was delicious!  Chunky veggies, meat and tender rice with a really thick flavorful base. That's when the trouble began.  We went, I guess, a little nuts.   Hubby ordered the jambalaya (mild so we could share) and I ordered the shrimp & catfish plate with beans & rice and coleslaw.  It also came with fries.  And garlic bread.  O.M.G.The jambalaya is not like any I've ever seen before.  A huge portion of a concoction of meat, shrimp, chicken, celery, peppers, and a flavorful sauce over white rice.  Wow.  My big strappin' hubby couldn't even finish half of it.  He was too busy planning his next visit  for their chicken livers and gizzards.The shrimp and catfish were perfectly breaded and fried.  The coleslaw was creamy, sweet and cold.  The fries were hot, perfectly seasoned and just yum.  Even the garlic bread was good - crisp, buttery and warm.  And the red beans & rice is INSANE.  More like chili really.  We could have eaten a bucket of it.So then we decided we'd order some chicken to go.  It was a good deal - 12 pieces of chicken and 2 sides for $16.99.  Nyki told us they use only fresh whole chicken which they hand cut each day.  She quickly came out and told us they were out of breasts and only had dark meat and wings left (it was 9:30 by now).  We said how lucky for us - that is what we would have ordered if we'd thought of it!  She told Donnie to go ahead and drop 'em!Nyki brought out a big 13x13 foil roasting pan with our chicken to go.  HUGE thighs, legs and wings.  I am from the midwest and I know my fried chicken.  This is some of the most flavorful, perfectly breaded chicken I've ever had. The two of us killed that pan of chicken by Sunday afternoon. Seriously.  So leave your fancy pants at home and give Crispy Cajun a try next time you're out and about in Clearwater.  Definitely worth the stop.  We may see you there...we'll be the ones with the ginormous pan of chicken livers & gizzards.  ;-)
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,12/10/2012,55,50,2,5,2>We bring our dog here whenever we need to without hesitation. As one of the newer facilities in the area it's super clean and doesn't have that 'pet smell' as a lot of the places do.My dog was very hesitant at first but the more we brought him (for just daycare or overnight) the better he became about going. The staff is always friendly and seems to genuinely care about my dog.They have a good system going there and things are very organized and streamlined. They separate the big dogs from the small dogs during the open play hours and if you are boarding your dog over night there is either an option for your dog to sleep in the main area with the other dogs or have his/her own cube. I let my dog be social during the day and then give him his own area for sleeping.They cater to any dietary needs your dog has and are happy to accommodate.Another nice aspect is the ability to pick your dog up at any time during the night. There is always someone there with the dogs. Most places make you pick up your dog before 6 or so. We fly in late a lot and want to pick up our dog later in the evening. Lucky dog lets you do that.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,12/9/2012,68,202,,6,4>After recently relocating back to Tampa Bay from Washington, D.C., my girlfriends wanted to grab dinner at a new spot that none of us had been to before. I recalled hearing good things about Boca's farm-to-table concept so I suggested it and the girls agreed. The restaurant has complementary valet so don't worry too much about parking, which can be terrible in Hyde Park. Stepping inside, the atmosphere certainly impressed me. I loved the rustic feel of the place, especially the stuffed crows hidden around the restaurant (it works, trust me!). My very creative friend couldn't stop raving about the table decor and menus. These aren't make-it-or-break-it touches for me, but they certainly added to the overall experience. The cocktail menu is enticing, with several interesting concoctions ranging from $9-$12. Mine, a drink with bison grass vodka and blackberries, hit the spot on a hot, summer day. I had to ask about bison grass vodka - turns out it's vodka infused with bison grass... After drinks, we took our time asking questions about the menu and deciding what to order because everything, especially the specials, sounded SO good. My friends ordered two different grouper dishes. I tasted both and thought they truly out-ordered me, even though I did like my prawn & vegetable dish. What I like most about Boca is that the dishes can be simple and still pack a lot of flavor. I found the serving sizes to be fair for the price, and I like that the menu will change with the seasons. Also, the service was exceptional. Our waiter (Matt) went above and beyond to ensure we had a great first experience at Boca. He answered countless questions, made knowledgeable recommendations, and didn't rush us.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,12/8/2012,56,117,3,5,4>Rapp Brewing Company just had its soft opening and the place looks great. They have 20 beer taps in the tasting room and while they do not yet have their own beers on tap because they just got the permits but I have had his beers many times. They are amazing. While beers like his Gose are unique and carry a flavor punch unlike any beer I have had before, the real star of the show is the OMG!  The first time i tasted it, I literally blurted out "oh my god". Apparently my reaction is not unique.  It is rich, 20 % alcohol, and tastes more like a fine brandy than a beer. And then there is Greg Rapp. He is friendly, knowledgable, and funny. He is also the award winning founder of the local home-brew association. All in all i can't wait for their full production to ramp up. His beer will soon be everywhere. Don't miss out.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,12/7/2012,254,1058,4,10,4>Today's secret Iron Chef ingredient is........the iPad!Well sorta....Carmel Cafe gets high marks for originality as the concept behind this Modern Mediterranean (Mod Med) cafe is to place your orders via a supplied iPad which has been custom-programmed to show you pictures of the various plates of food as well as a small description for each item. The idea is for each diner to take the iPad in hand and then select their individual courses.  Let the fun begin....Carmel Cafe has Mod Med cuisine combined with an extensive wine list and full bar. The food is extremely good, and the iPad ordering system is fun, and I'm sure quite practical for the kitchen & serving staff.Carmel Cafe is located in a strip mall alongside Dale Mabry Highway in Carrollwood.  The location is a bit disconcerting as their neighbor immediately to the north is Chuck E. Cheese, and to the south are several commercial and retail establishments, all in this same strip mall. It's a bit tough to find, but if I told you that it is directly opposite the highway from Grillsmith, that might make things a bit easier.Once through the front doors you'll see a very chic and elegant dining area adjacent to a long bar with a nice mix of tables and extremely comfortable booths. The hostess brings you your very own iPad and introduces your server, and from there you start flipping through the screens and zooming in on various items.At this point your server magically appears to explain that you should order each course one by one, because once you submit an entry to the kitchen via your tablet, the food comes whisking out within moments. This gives you the ability to control the speed of service and delivery of your food. When you're ready for the next course just whip out the ol' iPad and tap away to your heart's content. The servers are there to answer your questions and give you some suggestions on pairing the various courses, and selecting wines or cocktails.OK, so on to the food... I was there tonight with a buddy from work, so we decided to order some of the small plates and sample a bunch of items. We started with Nan's Goat Cheese which included roasted garlic cloves, sun-dried tomato, olives, and some yummy toasted bread wedges which had been seasoned with spices. Along with that we also ordered the shrimp ceviche which was chilled and included seasoned shrimp, peppers, citrus, cilantro, avocado and vegetable crisps. And our final appetizer sampling was baked spinach and artichoke dip with toasted pita chips.Naturally we needed some adult beverages to accompany our meal, and so I ordered the Pinot Noir flighting which was three excellent samples of Italian, California, and Chilean wine for $10. My friend had a tough day at the office, so he went straight for some pomegranate martini action.Because we were deep into business talk, we decided to order one more small plate to serve as our main course. Mine was the Spinach Gnocchi Marseilles made with shrimp, scallops, mussels, fennel and roasted peppers in a spicy bouillabaisse broth. This was serious "lick-the-bowl-clean" good!  My friend ordered the Steak Frites which was grilled and sliced Meyers Natural Angus beef, served with béarnaise aioli over their house fries.And now, back to our iPads.... So now it's time to pay the bill, and the waitress explained that we would be able to check out using our new friend, the tablet. A few clicks of the button and you can choose to pay the full amount of the bill, divide the amount between a number of diners, or pick off your individual menu items and just pay for your share. This seems much easier than the old days of trying to figure out "OK, who had the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup?" Oh, and naturally you enter your credit card information on your friendly neighborhoof iPad, and faster than you can say 'Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations', the restaurant auto-magically delivers your credit card receipt right into your email before you even leave the table.OK, the technology part is seriously cool and one heck of a lot of fun, but the quality of the food at Carmel Cafe stands up to the iPad gimmick. I will definitely go back, even if they drop the whole iPad thing.  Meantime do you think we could convince them to let us play 'Angry Birds' on the tablets between courses?
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,12/6/2012,29,135,3,5,5>I recently stayed at the Floridan Palace after attending an event in the hotel's ballroom (the hotel offered a discounted rate to party guests). The check-in process went smoothly, and the front desk was very accommodating. I requested the highest floor possible, and was elated to be on the top floor (19) in a corner room looking Northeast over Ybor City and beyond.The room, while still a tad small by today's standards, was very cozy. The furnishings are beautifully-crafted, and from my understanding, replicate those that could be found in the hotel when it originally opened in the late 1920s. This specific room had two beds, a closet, a full dresser, and a writing/computer desk, and a decent-sized TV. The bathroom was very luxurious and was good sized. Only gripe, the air conditioning system seemed to take forever to cool down (it's not central, just a wall-mounted unit), and the beds were a little on the stiff side.Aside from enjoying my stay at the Floridan, I have to rave about the lobby bar, as well as the Sapphire Room. Margie, the lobby bartender, made me two of the best Bloody Mary's I think I've ever had. She was very friendly and conversational without being overpowering or bothersome. She was also correct in suggesting the sampler platter that they offer as an appetizer, full of tzatziki, hummus, baba ghanoush, pita breads and assorted veggies (spectacular!).Later in the evening, the Sapphire Room seemed to be the 'place to be'. Their bartenders as well were very friendly and made great 'old-fashined' drinks (great dirty martini). The bar manager was very kind in bringing us a platter of assorted snacks from the kitchen, and couldn't have been any nicer.I'd highly suggest the bars and restaurant based upon my experiences; and as for the hotel, there are some that are a little plushier in downtown, but observing the history and beauty of the building was well worth it...
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/5/2012,257,219,6,6,4>The Oldsmar Flea Market is a hidden treasure of fun. It's almost like stepping into a fun house at a carnival that takes you back into your childhood memories.  Walking around gazing at the strange but cool things you may have forgotten about years ago.  The smell of funnel cake and other old time treats make the memories even more clear. In the middle of the flea market is a farmers market. Great place to pick up some cheap produce. While shopping for produce be sure to try the boiled Cajun style peanuts. I never was a fan but I am now.  I couldn't keep my hands out of my partners bag.I bought a nice belt for $5.00, A huge gallon of Pace Picante (doesn't expire until mid-next year) for $5.00.  A bag of apples for $1.50 and 3 bell peppers for $1.00. I guess it's kinda like a box of chocolates, as Forest Gump would say..."you never know what you're gonna get."
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,12/4/2012,169,158,4,7,6>If you're looking for a unique dining experience, you've found it with The Refinery. If you're a picky eater, this might not be the place for you.I don't even know how to begin my description of The Refinery. It is odd! The restaurant is located in a renovated house, and the seating is limited (make sure to book a reservation, or else you might be out of luck). The service is friendly, and the menu is always unique! The Refinery changes their menu weekly, so there is always something new and exciting to test out. I LOVE that they source local products as much as possible, and appreciate that they use ingredients that we aren't always used to seeing on menus (fiddlehead ferns, anyone? Lamb's brain?).I tend to fall in love with the small plate offerings on the menu in comparison to the main courses. Green beans with house made ricotta cheese? Yes please! I will note that they always have a burger on their menu (the ingredients change), and it is KILLER. My husband was practically licking his plate the time he ordered the burger topped with brie and fig jam. Whoa.If you live in the Tampa area, you have to try out this restaurant (and if you're visiting nearby from out of town, head on it as well)!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,12/3/2012,85,155,2,4,2>In a word....WOW!  I have never seen a public library with these sort of amenities.  It's really more of a Barnes & Noble but the books are free to read.My kids love this place.  We often stop after school for a snack in the cafe (which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner as well as a specials board) and do their homework there between the kids extracurricular activities.  My daughter loves the children's section where she can play or participate in the many children activities they offer.  My son likes to tuck himself away in a corner and do his homework or work on the library's computers.The facility is absolutely lovely.  Eco-friendly, well-decorated, spacious, warm and inviting.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  There is absolutely something for everyone here, including a cafe offering everything from breakfast through dinner and a bookstore where the books are at great prices.I highly recommend this to anyone living in Pinellas County.  It's absolutely worth the trip!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,12/2/2012,363,244,3,5,1>Been coming here for nearly a year with my good friend and we always have a great experience. We usually order the same entrees , the Chicken Kourma and the Medley Byrani both dishes are amazing. Our only wish would be , that we wish the Chicken Kourma was a bigger portion. We use usually order the same Nan's but we try and order a new appetizer from their vast menu of items that can satisfy any taste.Service is always first rate and George the owner could't be nicer.If you haven't tried it, Its a must do without question.  Say hello to George tell him Camaron and Paige sent you!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,12/1/2012,47,20,18,16,12>In one word, OBSESSED!  This place is legit. How legit you may ask? Too legit...too legit to quit. And people that give it anything less than 4 stars are NOT legit. (So they must quit....and reevaluate their thought processes in regards to their opinion on this devine eatery...)((Sorry if you feel insulted by this review because you failed in life and only gave Rollbotto an undeserving 1-3 stars. I don't understand or trust you, but I still respect you as a human being....sort of))Moving on to more ridiculous talk of Rollbotto. The food is everything you could ever dream of and more. The ingredients are both fresh and "phresh" and will make you "phat" not fat. For those of you that may not understand my ultra intimidating urban lingo, know this: Putting a "Ph" in place of any "F" word automatically makes that word and anything it's preceding and/or describing so unfathomably awesome that not even Paul Ryan and his weird frown smile could make it seem uncool. The employees are great. I don't know any of them personally, at least not outside of my fantasies, but they always make me feel welcome....75% of the time these sushi making extraordinaires behind the counter make me smile and/or chuckle and/or produce a hearty guffaw. That's AT LEAST 65% more than the employees of any other of my frequented eateries. On that note, does anyone else despise the baggers and cashiers at Sweet Bay? They always feel the need to comment on my purchases. Mind your own business, sir! Just because I only bought cookie dough and tampons doesn't mean I'm having a bad day....you don't know me.....Back to Rollbotto...my 134th favorite thing about this place is the barely noticeable impact it has on my bank account. I get serious fullness for under $5-$6! You're probably saying to yourself, "What? Did I hear that right?! " Yes, if you're reading this review aloud, then YES, yes you did! I get one roll (10 pieces) and a cucumber salad for like 5 and some change. And then I dance over to the condiment bar (because I'm so happy that I'm about to eat some cheap ass healthy food) and fill up on all the soy sauce, sirachi, and wasabi that my little tiny heart desires. Listen. All I'm saying is that there's a lot of regret in life. Don't let missing out on Rollbotto be on that life list. Even if you don't like the idea of  "sushi" or eating "healthy ingredients"  or "laughing" or making your life better than it has ever been or ever will be...GO.....just go. You'll walk out a changed (wo)man. ~Namaste
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,7/16/2011,126,48,,6,1>I honestly cannot say enough about this place. My boyfriend and I went for a couples massage for his birthday. We've both been to quite a few spas in Tampa, but after discovering Pia, we both agreed there is no place better than this!Upon arriving we were asked if we wanted water, coffee or sangria. The staff was very welcoming, professional and thorough - asking us what areas we wanted concentrated on and the amount of pressure we were comfortable with. The best part was they weren't "chatty" or trying to make conversation during the massage. They let us actually relax and enjoy our time. Unlike others, we didn't have any trouble with parking, and we were there on a Sunday afternoon.I would recommend Pia over any spa in Tampa for a massage!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,7/15/2011,112,118,1,1,2>After hearing for years that this is the only authentic Chinese food in Tampa, I decided finally to try their new location on East Hillsborough Ave near the drive-in movies. The new spot is upscale looking, though the chairs, with perversely upright backs, are some of the most uncomfortable I've ever endured. It was a Sunday night one hour before closing, so the place was almost empty. Still, they sat us at the worst table in the house, right in front of the toilets, but the shortest walk from the kitchen. The house music is godawfully bad, way too loud American muzak. Things were not off to a good start.We ordered the signature salt and pepper appetizer, with shrimp, as well as the beef with Chinese vegetables. Neither of these are adventurous, but I had heard the salt and pepper concoction was fabulous. Too bad, the young waitress erred and we received the dish with calamari. That is evidently the most popular, so maybe the chef was on automatic pilot and eager to go home, so he just made it with calamari. Either way, it was okay: a batter-fried coating with a mix of fried garlic, green onions and hot peppers. It was fine, but I would not order it again. Nothing special to my taste. Moreover, we were billed for the more expensive shrimp, so we had to get that corrected. Tsk-tsk.Next, we were told they were out of "Chinese vegetables," so we settled for bok choy, er, which is a Chinese vegetable. This dish was much better, superbly wok fried in a brown sauce, with delicious baby bok choy and ample slices of tender beef. About as basic as you can get, but tasty.They charged $1 extra apiece for two bowls of white rice, a real no-no in my Chinese restaurant book. I have eaten in the best of New York, Boston, San Francisco and Washington DC Chinatowns. None charge for white rice. Worse, they charged extra for a pot of regular loose-leaf Chinese restaurant tea, something unheard of in most authentic Chinese restaurants where tea is always included.I was impressed, however, with the menu, which is extensive, featuring many soups, clay pots and noodle dishes that I would eagerly return to sample.Despite the issues, this probably is the best Chinese you are going to get in Tampa, as the hype would have you believe. No fortune cookies, though.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,7/14/2011,29,135,,2,1>I've been a frequent customer at Timpano since moving to Hyde Park in 2005. Every time I've been there, I've received excellent service consistently and their management staff is fantastic. Their menu is very strong, and offers a wide selection of items for any appetite. Dining room is very nicely styled, but my favorite place is the patio.Food-wise, Sunday Brunch is one of the best in the area, yet is still very reasonable (not a buffet). Their bloody mary bar is also a very cool idea. Dinner is fantastic, some of the best dishes I've had. My steaks have always been perfectly cooked - and the sides are awesome. Other good dishes are the pork chop, the wild mushroom pasta, and the chicken marsala.Of all times to eat there, Lunch is probably my favorite. The menu has burgers, salads, flatbreads, and some of the best paninis I've ever had (especially the tuscan chicken). Their also known for their great wine selection, but my favorite are their signature cocktails. Red wine and tequila in a martini? Yes please....
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,7/13/2011,88,148,3,5,5>Yes, it is a fish market. Surprise Surprise. They just opened a waterfront outdoor bar/restaurant called Olde Bay Cafe. You can have a drink and a sandwich, then walk through the door to buy some fresh caught fish to go. I don't recall any place like this in downtown Dunedine though. It is a bit Funky! It is more like a fisherman's joint. A character! Actually, I think it is a great idea to have a place like this to rest your feet especially for gents who are tired of waiting their ladies shopping at local antique stores. They will have fun sitting on the deck and chat with fishermen. There aren't a lot of customers though since it just opened in late March. The bar serves typical Florida snacks, fish sandwiches and wraps. I tried their fish spread. Fresh ingredients make the difference! Price is bit high though, but a place in downtown Dunedin where you can sit on the waterfront deck, watch fish jumping, and if you are lucky, you may spot a dolphin swim by, not mention the friendly host as funky as the bar itself who will carry a great conversation with you about where the great spots to fish. Add all these factors in, the higher price is justified. So guys, give it a try and don't worry about our ladies. We go shopping till we drop.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,7/12/2011,203,229,,3,2>I was pleased with my experience at this restaurant both for service, ambiance, and food. I made reservations on a weekday night which was totally unnecessary since there were plenty of tables still open. We were given the option of eating outside on the outdoor deck or eating indoors next to the window. We opted with eating indoors by the windows. The outdoor seating was very informal with plastic chairs and tables whereas indoor there were actual table cloths over the tables.Our server was very nice and attentive throughout our meal.We started off by ordering a pitcher of their sangria that was made tableside. It was delicious! We enjoyed the large complimentary cuban bread that came piping hot. My only complaint would be the butter was cold.My boyfriend ordered the tapas from the special menu which was a lobster and chorizo flatbread drizzled with a roast pepper sauce. The three of us enjoyed it very much especially the fresh chunks of lobster.All of us opted for a side of their famous 1905 salad that was made tableside. I think it was the head waiter or manager who made our salad. He asked us if it was our first time and knowing that it was, explained every single thing he was adding to the salad. I loved the mini-dinner show!The salad was delicious yet looked so simple: vegetables, ham, cheese, olive oil with herbs, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and parmesan cheese.  My boyfriend ordered the Paella "Campesina" which was a paella with a combination of meats. He loved it and cleaned his plate even when he was full.My sister ordered their Snapper Alicante and the portion size was huge! The fish tasted very fresh and the sides were delicious too. She couldn't finish her plate because she was saving room for dessert.I ordered their Ternera "Isabella" which was breaded veal topped with jumbo lump crab meat and a Bearnaise sauce. It was served with "good rice" and it was delicious and buttery. For dessert, our table shared the Brazo Gitano "Cien Años"  and the Flan. I loved the flan! The Brazo Gitano "Cien Años" was a rum soaked spongecake topped with a meringue and strawberries. It was flambéed table side with a Spanish Sherry. I personally don't like my desserts too sweet and soggy. This dessert was both too sweet and too soggy but then again I was only tasting what someone else ordered :) I would definitely come back again for the food and experience. Their extensive menu makes me want to come back to try it out since all the dishes we ordered (minus the flambéed dessert) were a hit!Parking is available right outside the restaurant in the small strip mall where the restaurant is located. The view was facing away from the sunset so we missed that while we dined which was slightly disappointing but that can't be helped. The water view was very beautiful though and we watched birds swoop down to try to catch fish.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,7/11/2011,148,736,8,13,9>We like to try new eateries.  Last night, I was trying to think of someplace unique to grub down at, and I saw the review for Cuenelli's. We have driven past this spot 5 or 6 times, but never when we  are actually hungry, so I made sure we were hungry tonight. We can throw my knowledge of authentic Peruvian recipes out the window. Other than knowing that the potato originated in the geographical region of Inca Empire, I don't know Jack crap about the food, and have never had it. That being said, what I can tell you is that the food was magical. We throw down at a lot of Latin spots, but this was completely different. The flavors were not what you'd get from a Caribbean Latin restaurant at all, and that was a pleasant change.I had the LOMO SALTADO, which I believe roughly translates to "this dish will make you wanna slap ur momma." (I've added a pic for visual assistance.) This was a sirloin or flank-type steak cut into thin strips and stir fried in a soy-vinegar sauce with tomatoes and onions. It was served on a bed of french fries and with what seemed like an endless supply of white rice. (I thought only Puerto Ricans served dishes on top of fries.)La Chica had the BISTEC A LO POBRE, which roughly translates to "poor people's steak." This was a palomilla steak served with fries, white rice, black beans, amarillos and topped with a fried egg. This dish is actually pretty common in Latin America. Hell, you can get the American version at IHOP. The whole world probably eats some variation of this dish. Either way, it was really good.We did order some chicken since that's their staple item, and it was really good. It came with CILANTRO RICE (a-freaking-mazing) and SPICY BEANS. The chicken was moist, tender and cooked to perfection. It came with 2 dipping sauces that accented the flavor of the chicken beautifully.We will definitely go back.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,7/10/2011,169,158,3,5,4>Flamestone is a great place to visit for lunch OR dinner!The ambiance is great; it's a wonderful location for a date night. The ingredients always taste fresh and well-prepared.One wish: better happy hour specials. In comparison to restaurants on a similar level, I'd say you can find some better deals on cocktails.I like ordering the Mediterranean flatbread as an appetizer (the tableside guacamole is also good, but since I make it my own that is just as good at home for much less $). The chicken chop salad is my favorite entree. My family has raved about the Flamestone burger (I've had a few bites myself, and agree...even though I don't eat red meat!). For seafood, try the blackened redfish - it is very flavorful!Of course, the tabletop s'mores are a fun dessert to share around the table. However, for the money, I'd go for the Grand Canyon chocolate cake: it was absolutely enormous, moist, fudgy, decadent, and definitely something that I wouldn't normally make at home!I definitely recommend visiting Flamestone!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,7/9/2011,65,600,2,2,2>Oh YES.8 bucks for a Pad Thai that was fresh, flavourful and enormous. I will say that the chicken was hard to find in the meal, but what was there was tasty. Maybe next time I'll order double chicken.I asked for spice somewhere between mild and medium, and I gotta say - they did it just right.This little place is a market, has prepared foods to take home and reheat, and also does fresh food for takeout. They also have a small eat in space (16 or so seats) where you can consume the noms right outta the kitchen. I drove mine home and still had to wait for it to cool off a tad. Win.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,7/8/2011,306,25,4,9,6>What other theme park let's Florida residents "pay for a day and play all year"?!  Purchase your one-day theme park ticket by May 31st and you can come to the park for free for the rest of the year. I'm a theme park junkie and will never get sick of Busch Garden's roller coasters!  They actually have more roller coasters than most of the big theme parks in Orlando.  One of my all-time favorite roller coasters is Sheikra, which is a floorless, thrill ride that takes you over the edge of a 90-degree drop then stops for a few seconds as you stare straight down before dropping.  I wait in the extra long line for the front row because I love that "I can't breathe" feeling from the top of the coaster!  This park has it all... it's like a mini zoo with a safari ride, zebras and tigers... shows for both the young and old... a kid's area with kiddie rides and games... and all-you-can-eat-and-drink for $29.99 (adults).Minus one star for Anheuser-Busch no longer owning the park and doing away with free beer and beer school.  Party pooper.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,7/7/2011,379,222,6,6,5>I. Love. Hot dogs.This. Place. Wins. At. Life.The first thing I have to note is THEY ONLY TAKE CASH. There is an ATM on site, but it's a $2.25 charge to use it. SO BRING CASH.I went here for the first UYE we've had in a lot of months and  for the first hour I was there it was just me and my mom. I got to hang out, talk, relax. Apparently she's been going to Mel's for years! Like, back when she was going to USF (she's an alum). The menu was simple but comprehensive. The diner style atmosphere was fabulously fun. Serving/cooking staff were GREAT. They joked around with me, thanked us for coming in, let us hang out and talk WAY past closing as they were closing up. I mean they were really accommodating. It's one of those places that I left and couldn't wait to figure out when I'd be going back.Note!: I suggest the Polish sausage basket, but that could be because it's the only thing I've had. Mom had the Mel's Special and said it's been her favorite since she started going.Also, they server beer now, which surprised her so it might be relatively new addition to the menu. Either way, it would definitely help wash everything down perfectly.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,7/21/2013,169,158,2,7,5>I was lucky enough to be invited to an amazing dining experience at The Renaissance Vinoy in St. Petersburg. Marchand's Bar & Grill has debuted their new Farm to Fork menu concept, and we had the pleasure of sampling the offerings! The weekly Farm to Fork menu showcases seasonal dishes with fresh and naturally raised meats, fish, and produce sourced from local farms. You have to appreciate the local touch and seasonal ingredients. On that evening, we were treated to the Chef's Surprise Tasting - a six course meal paired with wines.When the first official course arrived, I wanted to clap and cheer. A butcher block topped with a Croque Madame and a shooter of Silk Onion Soup was placed in front of us, and I could NOT wait to dig in. The croque madame was made with Mangalista ham, Georgia Red cheese, and was topped with a fried quail egg and sprouts. It was pretty as a picture, and tasted even more amazing. The first course was paired with Acrobat Pinot Noir - a personal favorite in our house - how lucky!Course two featured Golden Tile Fish. It was presented with romanesco cauliflower, a sunchoke hush puppy, and a rock shrimp nage. If you aren't familiar with tile fish, it is a mild white fish that is firm but tender, and low in fat! I absolutely loved this dish: the sunchoke hush puppy was a highlight aside from the fish...I could have eaten an entire plate filled with them! The tile fish was paired with Hahn SLH Estate Chardonnay - a medium bodied chardonnay with just a touch of oak and caramel flavors.The third course had a nice little surprise! It was Pork Cheek with Murcott Tangerine BBQ sauce, smoked bacon collard greens...and...what was that golden piece of goodness below? That would be fried macaroni and cheese, my friends.What a wonderful combo of decadent flavors in a beautifully presented bite! It was my first time trying fried macaroni and cheese...and I have to say that I was a fan. But, how could you not be? Paired with the sweet and salty flavor of the pork and barbeque sauce, it was wonderful. This course was paired with Trivento Amado Sur Malbec blend: Malbecs are a relatively new favorite of mine, and this one was memorably smooth to drink.Course four was back to fish. On our plates was a Key West Yellowtail Snapper on top of a chorizo black bean cake and yellow tomato vinaigrette. What an amazing flavor combo this was! The snapper is another lean white fish, this one is sweeter in flavor to the tile fish, with a firmer texture. It paired beautifully with the black bean cake (yum), and the presentation itself was almost too pretty to destroy. Our wine for this course was the Trivento Amado Sur Torrontes, which was a delicious pour. The Torrontes was a blend of chardonnay and viogner, and had a combination of floral and citrus flavors. The acidity really paired well with the course: I could definitely see myself ordering a glass or two of this wine again in the future.One really awesome thing about tasting menus (and just being a foodie in general) is getting to try new things, and this night was no exception. When the fifth course arrived, it was my first time tasting rabbit. We were served Braised Rabbit with crispy speck, savoy cabbage, gold creamer potato puree, and a Pinot Noir reduction. It was paired with Four Vines Old Vine Cuvee Zinfandel: definitely more full bodied, with hints of berries and spice.Let's not forget about dessert though. Our sixth and last course was a trio of mini, bite sized desserts, paired with Santa Margherita Brut Rose (hello perfection!). On the plate was Tiramisu, the caramel oatmeal pie, and a s'mores hazelnut ganache torte. Oh goodness. What an amazing dining experience.If you are in the St. Petersburg area, please consider taking an evening at The Vinoy in Marchand's Bar & Grill. It would be a perfect location for a celebration, or just a foodie's night out. From the locally sourced ingredients to the creative and beautiful presentation to the amazing flavors, the folks at Marchand's really hit it out of the park with this new Farm to Fork dinner concept!More details + pictures on my blog!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,7/20/2013,33,137,3,6,3>I've visited Pan y Vino many times, and I have never been disappointed. I love the concept of this restaurant: rustic style brick oven pizzas, wine and beer. Their pizzas are rustic, but very creative and imaginative.My favorite is the Pesto Pizza which has mushrooms, pesto, and goat cheese, but I also love the fig & goat cheese pizza and the pistachio pie. Very tasty!There are some appetizers as well, and I usually get either the caprese or the "trio of spreads" (olive tapenade, bruschetta, and ricotta).The atmosphere is classy but casual, and the staff are incredibly friendly and courteous.This is a great place for couples, or for a small group. The pizzas come out fairly quickly so you can get a pretty quick meal if you need one. There is a good selection of wines and craft beers, including some organic.I highly recommend!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,7/19/2013,60,119,2,4,2>Eli's is our favorite quick BBQ. Surprisingly we don't have many great options nearby. The perfect spot to grab a quick lunch or pick up a few pounds of meat for a party. Yeah the sides are nothing to write home about, they are decent don't get me wrong, but not outstanding. The sauce reminds me of store bought so again nothing special, but the meat is to die for. On my numerous trips I have never strayed from the pork. Perfectly juicy with a crisp, flavorful bark. I think they may have upgraded from the wonder bread, because you are now served sandwich rolls which are a definite improvement.  The staff and patrons have always been very pleasant. It is cash only and the prices are extremely reasonable. Since it is a roadside stand with picnic benches, dogs are welcome. One of our favorite Friday lunch spots.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,7/18/2013,88,115,,2,1>This has been a great place to eat since they were in the tiny location on Bay to Bay & MacDill.  It is amazing to see the commitment Kevin & Karen have made to a great restaurant and how the community has supported it.  The move to dinner was highly risky and of course, the new bar was even bigger risk.  It seems to have paid off for them.  My favorite sandwich remains the turkey sandwich with caramelized onions and ask for fresh mozzarella...YUM...The flat bread pizzas are usually good, I tend to get the plain cheese or the sausage & peppers version.  Fun beers, nice cocktails, great vibe - excellent recipe for a nice restaurant in South Tampa.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,7/17/2013,34,143,,7,4>I haven't written a review in quite some time but I feel that this restaurant deserves a good one! At the intersection of McMullen-Booth and Enterprise in Clearwater, there are no less than 3 Thai restaurants.  With a sense of curiosity, we tried this one and what a wonderful surprise we had.It has a very unassuming store front and the decor is clean and new.  We sat at a comfy booth and began to order soup.  We both ordered the Tom Kha Gai, Thai hot.  We were surprised that they didn't spice their soup with just chili flakes or the typical condiments but had actual sliced peppers!  The flavors were awesome. Next, we were hungry so we ordered 3 appetizers.  We ordered the Sampler for 2, the Chicken Wings(Angel Wings) and the Pla Goong salad.  We've had a lot of Pupu platters in Thai restaurants over the years and this was by far the best. Everything tasted freshly made and extremely flavorful.  The stuffed chicken wings were huge and delicious.  The Pla Goong could have used a bit more fish sauce and lime but it was covered in tasty shrimp.  Undaunted, we ordered the Pad Se-Ew and the Soft Shell Crabs for entrees.  The noodles were spicy and wonderful, it was a huge portion.  The crabs were something to behold.  There came 2 huge tempura crabs with all their legs and claws intact.  We had the spicy basil sauce.  The sauce was served on the side so we could dip the crab in it.  Bliss.  I would have taken a photo but I immediately dove into the dish. We took noodles home which we'll be fighting over later. The takeaway was that these dishes were beautifully prepared and very flavorful.  If you go to a Thai restaurant and just have a 'meh' feeling afterwards try this one and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,7/16/2013,17,60,,4,3>I am not sure why it has taken me so long to finally write a review about Cafe Ponte, particularly since it is probably my favorite fine-dining restaurant in the Tampa Bay area.  It has great service and the food is consistently fantastic and well worth the money spent. As a student, I generally have to be mindful of when I am spending too much money on food.  Cafe Ponte is not by any means a cheap place to go, and can easily hurt the wallet quite a bit - but  never fear! They certainly have a few ways to help you on your way.  They have a daily Early Bird Special - the items are similar to the regular full dinner menu, but of course mre limited in options. Additionally they frequently have Groupon or Living Social coupons/specials.  In fact I recently went to Cafe Ponte with three other friends and had the opportunity to experience and enjoy a 6 course tasting meal (with wine pairings!), which we otherwise could not have been able to afford had we not purchased a Groupon. I have enjoyed all the meals I have had here, but here are some of the standout dishes/drinks I have had:Bacon whiskey - Yup this was a glass of whiskey with a bacon ice cube in it. Enough said. Miso chilean bass - This dish converted my friend who previously said she hated fish.  The fish was light and flaky, yet filled with flavor.  Fois gras appetizer - I love fois gras.  I am horrified by California's ban on this food.  That being said, I think the fois gras at Cafe Ponte is fantastic - grilled to perfection every time.  Overall, love love love this place! Highly recommended for any special occasion! I always make a reservation before I come, in anticipation of all the other Tampa-Bay foodies who generally swarm this place.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,7/15/2013,81,100,4,4,2>Thank you management!!!Out with the snobby chef in with a chef who understands the clientel.  First I like the new menu, I like the changes to the food, I like that I can get ranch dressing with my wings....There isn't anything on the menu you have to ask about, from the Wagyu Dog to the Chicken and Waffles, and everything in between: bar food elevated up 2 levels.  I'm so impressed we eat there twice a week.The staff is helpful and friendly, you can go any hour of any day and get the same great food.  Try the hangar steak with the french canadian fries (yes that where Poutin comes from), try the killer hot dogs, the wings in 6 flavors.I can't complain about anything except them being very busy at times  :)For all my Vegan friends, oh wait I don't have any, please follow the "chef" to that place she went and take your hummus with you.  Sheesh, this is a Tavern, not a California "Deli".   Some of you who write reviews are really funny, you think that being a restaurant means the place should cater to everyones tastes.   Really, you need to take a look around why do you think we have so many different kinds of restaurants?  And a few of you should try being nicer, it will go along way to having the waite staff smile back at your sour puss.Setting the world straight .... one slap at a time.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,7/14/2013,91,275,2,3,3>I love walking into a Thai restaurant, most remind me of my trip to Thailand except in the US I can truly understand the menu!! They have an extensive menu here and I always find myself confused trying to figured out what to order.... soups, salads, appetizers, house specialties, seafood, duck, noodles, rice and my least favorite the spicy dishes. We had the dumplings for appetizer and the chicken fried rice and chicken curry as main dishes both very good. I like that I don't have to make reservations since there is not much foot traffic in Channelside these days but I do wish things improve in the area soon. It's a great location with a lot of potential. The staff is always friendly and the ambiance will make you feel you are in a foreign country.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,7/13/2013,116,159,5,6,5>I'll admit, I'm a fan of the Food Network's show "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives". I love seeing all the amazing places and dishes locals brag about - a nice reminder that I live in the armpit of the south (also known as Florida) in a town that no one cares about (also known as Land O' Lakes).Well, I didn't need no TV show to guide me to the Smokehouse Sandwich at Hungry Harry's, suckers! It's a beast. Here's the layout:- Sandwich bread- Coleslaw- Ham- Bacon- Pulled Pork- BBQ sauce- Sandwich breadAs with many other things, it's nearly impossible for me to fit a whole bite in. There's no need to hoard this meal - I always share. Plenty to go around.I also enjoy their sides:- Mac N' Cheese: not the most amazing, but it's classic and yummy- Green beans: in an effort to eat one "healthy" option, I usually order these. But, I'm pretty certain they're cooked with bacon, but let's not confirm that.- Loaded baked potato: add pulled pork and some cheese and some sour cream and you have yourself a whole nother meal!This place looks and smells exactly as you think a smokehouse should. Once you visit here, you've experienced the best of Land O' Lakes.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,7/12/2013,52,77,2,5,2>If you're in the Gateway/Gandy area for lunch, Big Stein's is a great choice! This independent business makes its way in an area filled with corporate sandwich chains. Subway, Jersey Mikes, and Firehouse Subs aren't far away from Big Stein's - not to mention the numerous fast food choices within a mile! I have been going here for about 5 years and they keep their prices low and food consistent. Big Stein's is known for their fresh ingredients and huge sandwiches. The triple deckers are literally enough to feed 2 or 3 people. I order a half custom sandwich on marble bread and they always give me a whole. This place does not skimp, that's for sure! Give them a try the next time you want a sandwich for lunch! They also deliver with a $10 minimum order.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,1/4/2012,391,402,2,2,1>The Moon Under Water has provided two firsts: 1) the biggest "you're not in Miami anymore" moment for me, and 2) my friend Aaron not eating his food because it was too spicy.Now let's get on with the first part. I've quickly fallen in love with downtown St. Pete - and by that I mean the few blocks in the nice new area by the park - thanks to The Ale and the Witch. Oh yeah, Janus is also there, and a whole lot of other stuff, like The Moon Under Water. Walking up, looking at the ambiance and used to similar in Miami, I was expecting everything to be priced in the upper teens/low twenties. To my luck, this was far from the case - most items are less than $15.Also, there is great seating outside, but I also recommend the great atmosphere on the inside - it feels like what a real pub should be - with flags and banners all over the ceilings, wood tables and chairs and a full bar.My friends and I were just wowed by the selection - great variety in the appetizers, of course pub food and British specialties like burgers, bangers and mash, shepherds pie, fried seafood basket etc. But because they boast they are a "colonial" pub, they also had a selection of curries (the real reason we came) as well as a selection of more common seafood, chicken and beef dinner entrees.As its very affordable and good at soaking up booze, I decided to try the shepherds pie; my friends went with a green curry medium and a moon curry stupidly hot (he doesn't like the flavor of vindaloo). This will come back. We also started with a hummus appetizer and I'm pretty sure I got the soup of the day - both were very nice. Also their beer selection was another point of interest - they had a seasonal I had been wanting to try on tap, so of course I tried that.After being sat the other table was a large party and we got a quick peak at what they were getting. The most impressive item was the chicken pot pie: first you get a mountain of mashed potatoes (think Close Encounters size) then they open the pie and pour it onto the potatoes. Pretty cool.Anyways we got our food. I loved the huge pan of shepherd's pie: the meat is seasoned wonderfully, the cheesey-potatoey goodness of the crust adds a great compliment and I even had a bit for leftovers.My friend who got the green curry loved it and the unlimited rice refills. The best thing about curry is you get that tiny bowl and you think there's no way it could be filling, but before you know it, you're full and not even halfway done. She brought a meal home.Then super spicy man who I've seen eat 5 alarm wings. The smell was making his eyes water and it got worse when he tried a dab from the tooth pick. I decided to try dipping my fork in and couldn't breath. Shoving the burning hot shepherds pie into my mouth was more comfortable than the spicy heat that they gave him. When asked, the waitress calmly said "yeah, we don't mess around with spicy here".ATTENTION: IF YOU LIKE SPICY THAT WILL MAKE OTHER TABLES CRY, GET THE SUPER SPICY HERE!Anyways, we all enjoyed our meal - although my friend had to enjoy his the next day with extra rice in it to soak up the heat. But I like to stop in any time I'm in down town.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,1/2/2012,105,97,2,3,4>A place that willingly puts crawfish, green olives, escargot, black beans and rib-eye on a pie should be celebrated FIRST (shot second). Seriously, this place is a godsend. I would never order the above, but I just like the fact that I COULD. It reminds me of pizza places in bigger metro areas that stock ingredients for very diverse palates -- I both love and respect that approach.I've ordered from Gourmet Pizza Company a dozen or more times over the last two years and have only been disappointed once -- at which point, they promptly delivered a second pizza. It's actually the only pizza place in South Tampa I get my pies from. The pizza is consistently delish, fresh, fast and crowd-pleasing. Choose it for yourself, but def choose it for a group -- it's kind of fun to see friends sort through the mile-long ingredient menu to build half-n-half pizzas.One wish-list item:Stay open until 11 or midnight on weekends. I don't even think of food until about 10 on some Fridays and Saturdays, but you're closed by then. :-(
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,12/31/2011,107,182,,5,2>Tryst is a beautiful bar. Beach Drive needed something like it and especially a place that stays open until 3. I went on a Thursday night.  The place is beautifully appointed and very upscale. Amazing beer cooler with an incredible wide and varied selection.  Cocktails were well thought out when they created the menu. I had 2 very nice cocktails with muddled fruits and nice ingredients.  Steep cocktail price of $10 so it keeps you more in check than I prefer. We ordered 1 salad and 2 sharing tapas.  We had the Beef Carpaccio and the Eggplant Caprese.  Came in for dinner and at $15-17 per sharing tapa, I expected to be full. We walked out still hungry. With that said, food was very delicious and fresh. Nice wait staff from what we encountered.  I will come back but not when I want a big dinner.  I think the place will be great for drinks when the weather starts turning for "fall" and we can sit outside.  Nice option to have that in St. Pete. Food wise tasty but more for a small (and expensive) bite. We did not encounter it being loud like Michael stated on a Thursday. 2 drinks, 2 apps, 1 salad - $70.00 before tip Overall - could be a romantic place for a "tryst" or great for a girl's night to catch up.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,12/29/2011,112,150,4,4,5>New to the area,boating around and lookin for lunchfriends brought us here to mingle and munchThe vibe is definitely flip flops and low keyright on the water, it's the place to berelaxing with a big bucket of ice cold beersand as one goes down, a new one magically appearsThe food was pretty good which was an extra perkbut the ambience and view are what make it workSo, the next time that I'm on a boatCaptain Jacks will definitely get my vote!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,12/28/2011,26,163,17,5,6>Dear Hangover,      I enjoyed spending time with you, I really did, but someone new has come in to my life and has torn us apart. Yes, you provide headaches, and force me to wear sunglasses even in my own house, but Kissin' Cousins offers so much more. Great-sized portions, home-style cooking, perfect corned-beef hash; the list goes on. I'm sure we'll meet again in the (near) future, but just know that since I've found Kissin' Cousins, I can't spend nearly as much time with you as I used to. I'd say that I miss you, but we both know I'd be lying.See you Next Weekend!,CharlieP.S.These are some of the best pancakes I've ever had!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,12/27/2011,78,96,27,9,14>HOLY SHIT............I don't even recall eating here, all i remember is arriving, being seated and waiting a couple minutes. As soon as my food hit the table and i took the 1st bite i BLACKED OUT. I was no longer in a dinky Mexican restaurant, i was in a strange land of amazingness where i skipped around like a school girl as taco's made of love floated around me in a candy land like world of burrito's, taco's, pancho's, and anything else that ends in O's. When i came back  too my plate was empty and i was in love with a middle aged mexican woman. As she got me my bill she asked "Good? i said i love you. She smiled and said now you know where we are, come back again" Come Back? Lady adopt me, marry me, make me your slave, w/eThis place is stupid, in the best way stupid can ever be referenced. If your one of the ppl that gave this place 4 stars do mankind a favor. Drive off the Skyway
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,12/26/2011,19,4,3,3,4>The sandwich board on the corner of 4th and Beach Dr caused me to travel off my beaten path to this delightful little shop.Upon entering, I saw the counter with all the chocolately goodness greeting me and the neat menu board that's lists all of the caffeinated beverages. This will great you too but you must venture further. Past the cupcakes and all of the boxed confections, you will find a little ice cream cooler. Here lies my personal downfall:Pineapple Basil Ice Cream.Don't get me wrong; the chocolate peanut butter is like a Reese's melting in my mouth. The Mandarin Orange Almond will keep dancing on your taste buds. But the Pineapple Basil's light flavors call to me in my sleep.The helpful and supremely friendly staff will let you try and and all flavors you wish. They will educate and entertain any question or comment as they make everything themselves.The first time I went, I had a coconut cupcake with a lime curd filling. The next two times it was for ice cream. My next trip will be to get some sugar-free chocolate covered cherries from my father-in-law. Let's face it... I'm not leaving that shop without getting myself something. Perhaps a mimosa and a muffin? I'll let you know how it goes :)
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,12/25/2011,33,29,,2,3>My wife and I decided to go to BGR on a Friday night for our date night. We arrived around 6 PM. and found the restaurant buzzing with people, but it never felt too crowded. There was a steady stream of people at the restaurant. The décor was very unique with record covers from the 80s on the wall and chandeliers that my wife took pictures of right away. The menu was a tad bit overwhelming at first as there were lots of choices beyond the normal Hamburger and Cheeseburger. Selections ranged from your typical Hamburger to Tuna Burger to Cuban to Greek Burger. Choices for sides include the classic French Fries, to the popular Sweet Potato Fries and Onion Rings to the most surprising choice: Grilled Asparagus. We decided to stick to the classic Cheeseburger. We both added the secret secret Mojo sauce and as a side we decided to split an order of Onion Rings. I also was able to get a tasty imported Palm Beer from Belgium and they also feature Tamps' own Cigar City Brewery (a huge plus in the book of a beer connoisseur like myself). Since we were there for dinner we didn't have a chance to try it, but we saw a $7.99 lunch deal on the menu that looked great.After ordering we were given a pager and the food took about ten minutes to come out as it's all cooked to order.While waiting we made the acquaintance with the Coke Soda Fountain of the future. There were literally 100s of possible combinations to choose from.  Just to illustrate the large amount of options: My wife got a "Cherry Vanilla Mr. Pibb". Go figure :)Once the pager went off we went to pick up our food and we were very pleasantly surprises at how well put together the burgers were. Usually "gourmet burger" are stuffed over the top with toppings that slide off the bun onto your plate and put a huge downer on the entire experience. However, at BGR they hit all the fundamentals on the head and took them to the next level: a tasty firm bun, fresh crispy produce, and of course a perfectly cooked juicy burger. As far as the onion rings go, there were plenty to share for 2-3 people and they were delicious like they had just been made and. The best part of the experience at BGR was that my wife loved it. She is not usually a burger person, but she absolutely loved the Cheeseburger and Onion Rings she had. I can recommend the food and ambiance to anyone looking for a good meal.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,12/24/2011,159,231,3,4,4>I knew I was getting old when I heard this place was 21+ and immediately thought, "YES, NO KIDS!" I anxiously await the day I own a home and can yell at kids to get off my lawn. So yes, your movie/dining experience isn't sullied by teenagers making out, babies crying, or kids running up and down the aisles. To me, this is worth the extra price of the ticket. Let's be real... going to the movies is already overpriced. Why not be as comfortable as possible and eat a decent meal that is healthier than eating a gallon of popcorn and Milk Duds. But they do have popcorn, and it's served in a big fancy bowl.The food is good, but, as others have said, overpriced for the portions. Even the cheapest glasses of wine are $9. If you don't want to drop a ton of cash, my advice is to eat dinner elsewhere and just have a drink and dessert here. The deconstructed peanut butter pie is decadent, served in a martini glass, and big enough to split. I don't come here for every movie I see. This is where you come for "group movies," like ridiculous chick flicks with a bunch of girlfriends or slapstick comedy that's more fun to watch with a crowd. Case in point, I saw Burlesque here. Had I seen this in a normal movie theater and not been downing Pinot Noir, I probably would have grumbled about how awful it was. Instead? It turned into a bunch of drunk females whooping it up every time McSteamy or Cher came on screen. So, I should probably say this is where you should go when you want to turn watching a bad movie into a good time.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,12/23/2011,65,528,2,4,4>Great view of Treasure Island beach, the triad of mini sliders and chips/guacamole would have sufficed to fill us both up but I had the Big Sloppy (yes, I was reduced to using my fork on this succulent beast of a sandwich!)The owner, Quinn came over and introduced himself as the afternoon was slow and that was quite nice. I liked the tossed mixed greens I got as a side but I didn't like the Brighthouse music station nor the confusing parking ACROSS busy Gulfport Blvd. where some folk think you are no better than a poor possum trying to cross.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,10/21/2014,41,138,5,9,5>Wowza! Va va voom! Spectacular. Hubby and I went here Wed around 8. It was pretty quiet and the hostess doubled as the waitress. She was friendly and attentive but not overbearing.  Since it was our first time there we wanted to try a bit of everything...here's what we inhaled:TNT Mussels- very tasty, not too spicy considering they were smothered in wasabi creamNegimaki- thinly sliced beef (cooked) in some sort of soy glaze. Really good, I barely got a bite since my husband was all over it! He isn't big on raw food.I tried the quail eggs, Mexican Deluxe roll and Volcano Special Roll--all REALLY delicious and fresh!Hubs tried the miso soup and ginger salad ( miso wasn't too fishy which he hates and salad was on point!) and teriyaki chicken meal (came with 4 slices cali roll, broccoli, rice, noodles and the soup and salad were included) which he really liked but said it wasn't mind blowing.Also had Ichiban and sake.All together bill was like $70 which is about $30 less than our average bill at Samurai! I think I have a new favorite sushi joint!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,10/20/2014,47,69,5,7,4>Beer snobbery!!! as a society I feel that the beer world is making a mark through microbreweries and distributors who sell craft brews to many restaurants and bars. It is now constantly in your face striking your curiosity with all the variations of food mashups in a beer form. As a fan of mixology, beer has now become its own form of technique and mixology. I can now grow a beard, wear lumberjack shirts puff out my chest and say yeah!!! pour me another Weizen!!! The bartender knows that was code for yes I'll take another watermelon wheat please:-)Six Ten Brewing offers a selection of great beers brewed right in their brewery as well as guest taps which are frequently switched out on a week to week basis. Their tasting room aka indoor seating is open wed - sat 3p - 9p and sun 2p - 7p. Six hours of operation 4 days a week sounds like a line of business I should investigate getting into. Nonetheless, they take pride in what they do and are always happy to discuss any brew they have on tap or bottled to give you a better perspective. They don't offer food other than maybe some complimentary pretzels. After all, the focus is their take on craft  brews. However, in many cases like mine, most people like an adult beverage with a meal. What they have done to satisfy that corner of the market is to invite a rotation of guest food trucks on every Friday and Saturday. What a perfect opportunity to eat, drink and support local right people???Six Ten Brewing is located in an industrialize region of town. Even their layout and décor screams industrial.  Despite their location, they keep a solid crowd, so someone must have did some serious homework when picking location. Owners and staff are super friendly, so don't shy from any beerology questions you might have. The layout is canine proofed so feel to bring your four  legged friend as you pull up a chair or barstool..  After a long days work, we all crave a cold beverage of some sort. For my experience, I food truck dined and I paired my eats with a guest tap of lost coasts watermelon wheat. This was a safe choice for me since I was familiar with other brews lost coast provide. It was crisp, light, refreshing with that light flavoring note of watermelon. I did round out my meal with an in house cider they had on tap they called homemade apple pie. This was one of the most interesting mashups I've had in a drink form  in a while. You could taste the buttery notes of a crust and a cinnamon apple flavor or cider. Pie in a snifter glass, felt like home for the holidays. I came back the following week looking for my pie and it was off the menu:'(My growing knowledge of craft beers are slowly increasing. I am not a beer lover, I am a beer snob!!! Well... Maybe one day, My beer vocabulary and knowledge is still limited. Good thing Six Ten Brewing is constantly changing out beers for me to sample and educate me on this subject.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2014,10/19/2014,87,211,3,9,9>What a great little place.  I went on a Friday for lunch, and had an excellent meal. The dining room is larger than you would think from the outside, and tables are well spaced out.  It made the room feel very peaceful and very relaxing.Service was quick and friendly, and my bottle of diet soda came right out, as well as a little ramekin of complimentary appetizer.   For my meal I started with one of their specials - a half order of tuna tataki.  Delicious. The order consisted of 5 fresh pieces of tuna.  Then on to the ramen.  I had their spicy miso ramen, but because I'm a baby, I asked for the spicy on the side.  It was perfect.  Flavorful broth, chock full of chopped pork, fresh noodles, and I loved that I could adjust the spice to what worked for me.  My original intention was to bring half home, but it was so good I ate the entire bowl!I was not in a hurry, so the fact that food took a bit of time to come out, leaving me plenty of time to chat with my friends, was fine - but if you are on a tight time schedule, be aware.  I will definitely be back, as I can't wait to try everything on the menu!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,10/18/2014,44,160,5,9,5>Not often am I left speechless. In fact, I'm struggling to find the words to express how impressed I am with Stacy (manager) and her team at Piquant. The cuisine under Chef Rivera's command is approachable while gourmet with an emphasis on fresh, seasonal and local. Obvious attention to detail is applied equally to every dinner course from appetizer to dessert.If you are lucky enough to experience their recommended wine pairings, you will not be disappointed. This was our very first time at Piquant and I cannot remember a recent experience that afforded us the opportunity to experience local cuisine, expertly prepared with outstanding table side manner.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,10/17/2014,112,359,4,6,5>Pazza Bistro is a local interpretation of one of my favorite Italian restaurants, Vapiano's.  The concept focuses on freshly made pastas and pizzas, with choice of pasta type as well as sauce (gravy).  The ingredients are fresh and it is great to see everything prepared from scratch in the open kitchen instead of watching them microwave a batch in the back.For me, the real test is the carbonara sauce.  Traditional carbonara is heavy but should not pool in the bottom of your plate like so many Italian-American places end up doing.  Pazza Bistro delivers a flavorful carbonara that coats the pasta the right way without being a soupy, alfredo-like mess.Do not worry that this place is in a pretty standard strip mall - it will surprise you.  Please, try an Olive Garden or Carrabba's first and then come here to experience the difference. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,10/16/2014,18,57,1,5,5>Tampa has a completely unique experience in Anaar Grill - excellent Middle Eastern food and family friendly service, along with reasonable prices.  Anaar's focus is on Afghani food.  As a novice, I brought along an expert taste tester who had experienced this style of cooking in action in Afghanistan.  While my taste buds were having their own party, my colleague was "yumming" and "nomming" - describing fond memories of baunjaun bouranee and kabuli palow with kabob and naan.  Delicious!!You will receive plenty of help from friendly and knowledgeable staff who guide you through the wide menu options.  Vegetarians and carnivores find sanctuary in choices ranging from beef, chicken and lamb to eggplant, hummus, salads, and mixed vegetables - all in a variety of marinades or sauces that are prepared fresh in-house.  For the adventurous, request a chutney or ask if your dinner option comes "spicy".  Groups of all sizes are welcome here, so portions are generous - allowing everyone to "dig in"!  If a family member prefers something more Americanized, you'll find accommodations with pizza and sandwiches, no worries!Anaar offers a healthy discount for military, veterans, and similar (police/fire/rescue/healthcare).  The lunch buffet is all-you-can-eat for $9.00.I am definitely a fan and will be back for an order of my favorite - sabzi chalaw (spinach and greens served with rice).  Why not an overall 5-star? As a newer family-run restaurant, the investment is clearly in the food (where it should be) - so build out on infrastructure / atmosphere continues, including the hope for traditional live music.  Expect 5 stars when additional 'niceties' come along.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,10/15/2014,88,148,3,14,5>I am torn to rate this place. If I follow Yelp's criteria, it is 3 star or less. If I follow my heart, this place deserve 5 stars because it saves life. As a human that share 97% DNA with chimpanzees, I feel uneasy to give less. Sadness, as most previous reviews brought up, is unmistakably presented. It is a primate sanctuary. It is a sanctuary because some human acted inhumanly and irresponsibly that brought suffering upon the primates. One of the monkey gave us middle finger every time we called his name. The caretaker told us he was mistreated by his owner. The finger gestured speaks volume.What I like about this sanctuary is the education purpose for young students. Mine are 6th to 8th grade so they understand more than their younger peers. We have a caretaker gave us presentation to each species and everyone listened tentatively. Cages are very closer to each other. Surprise, all primates live in harmonies. The sanctuary is so compacted that you can finish within 30 minutes. But you also learn a lot about primates without get distracted like you are in the zoo. Most of my students are ADHD. I was pleased they found calmness among visiting animals. We get chance to see great apes and monkeys from all over the world. Some are endangered. Students love great apes. Pagon, the Orangutan is their favorite. He is a magnificent gentle giant. Chimpanzees are on the naughty side. If they start throwing things to you, stay away, because the next subject fly towards you could be something from their bottom part.... You are forewarned. The sanctuary is a nonprofit foundation. The operation relied solely on donation and volunteer contributions. There are about 20+ monkeys retired from lab after 20+ years  of being the experiment subject for human disease treatment such as diabetes. They settled at the back side of the sanctuary. They are living in good life now. SPC has partnered with sanctuary and it is in process to set an education program for veteran training. Another good thing happened to these animals. Our students donated bunch of items that were listed on the sanctuary website. For return, they gain something mighty. It is their compassion to these less fortunate primates. That worth the 5 stars.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,10/14/2014,22,104,3,8,5>I have been to the old Dali Museum location multiple times but my first visit to the new location was a week ago and I was very impressed!  There were only a few new pieces of Dali's art that I hadn't seen before but the building is something to see in itself.  Also, it is still free to get in with a USF ID which was a pleasant surprise! Although I came to see the new Dali Museum location, I also wanted to check out the new Andy Warhol exhibit that is here until April.  It was very neat to see some of Warhol's work, very different from Dali's but I enjoy all different types of art so it was neat to see something different.  Such bright and colorful pop art that Warhol produced!  There are also many photos of Warhol, some even with Dali, that were interesting to look at.  I definitely recommend visiting the Warhol exhibit while it is still there!Outside there is a wishing tree where you place your museum wristband.  Off of the trees are hundreds, maybe even thousands, of wristbands almost making it look like a willow tree, SO beautiful as they blow in the wind!  There is also a maze which was less than exciting.  I saw in some older photos that there was a mustache sculpture to take photos in front of but it wasn't up while we visited which was a little disappointing.  Overall, I love the new location of the Dali exhibit and will be back especially when a new exhibit comes!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,10/13/2014,168,91,5,8,6>I realized I wrote this review of Nitally's right after moving to St Pete and after one experience there, so I figured that after three years I would update it to say that Nitally's is easily my favorite place to eat in the whole world.Some other options I cannot recommend enough:1. Chipotle Pad Thai2. The Panang Mole - I didn't know it when I went there three year ago, and this is the house speciality and deservedly so.  You've never tasted anything quite like it.that's it. Go to Nitally's.  It's seriously the greatest place ever.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,10/12/2014,108,83,3,4,4>From what I've experienced about this place so far, it's awesome.I sampled their mac n cheese at Yelps Around the World, then returned the next day as a regular customer and ordered the Nutty Goat Cheese Salad. My mom followed suit, ordering grilled chicken on top of hers.Superb! We were full off of that alone. As I am still on a budget, I chose this dish because it was one of the under $10 options. I wish they had more, but most other things jumped to above $10 after that.I no longer drink but their beer selection is probably what draws people in and is a vast one!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,11/20/2013,86,68,1,3,3>I loved their ceviche.... I can't lie, it was awesome.  Everyone has their own taste when it comes to ceviche.  For me, this one was perfect.  The fish was great, nice little chunks, well marinated.  The amount of onion, lime etc was great.  We also tried the palomilla steak.  The steak was well seasoned and tender.  I was more impressed with the black beans.  Often times not enough attention is given to them since every spot in town seems to serve them.  These beans were great.  They had a very nice flavor and a great consistency.  I also had the platanos maduros and some yuca frita.  They were both delicious but I'd rather save my room for the main dishes.  The service was good and the restaurant was very clean.  The owner came over and introduced herself (since we were taking pics of the food) and she was extremely polite, funny and sincere.  She really knew how to handle her customers rather than some owners who automatically get defensive or paranoid at the site of a camera.  This place was a delight.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,11/19/2013,35,371,,5,3>This is one of our favorite places.Cellos is a small place -- maybe 11 tables?  The whole place is run by three people--Sue (the Chef), Ellen (the baker and server), and a third helper.  As you can guess, the menu is a bit limited.The food is exceptional.  The dishes are creative, paired well together, and served with nice presentation.  I love the beer-cheese soup with popcorn garnish!  I usually have the filet mignon, which is served with a choice of a home-made sauce.I believe the filet is the most expensive thing on the menu -- $21, including a couple sides and either soup or salad.  You can't beat that kind of price for the quality you are getting.Cellos doesn't serve alcohol, but you can bring your own beer and wine.  If you bring wine, they will even provide an ice bucket at the table, open the bottle and pour it for you--for just a small corking fee.The atmosphere is interesting, and you feel a bit like Sue and Ellen are serving you dinner in their own home.The service is great, and Ellen is a lot of fun.  She loves to recognize birthdays and special events -- so let her know if you are celebrating.  Service can be a little slow if you are there at a busy time, so don't expect a quick meal -- just a good one.A few things to remember...  Reservations are always required -- and plan ahead if you want a Friday or Saturday night.  Seating is limited.  Also -- Cellos is CASH ONLY.I absolutely recommend Cellos for a special evening out.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,11/18/2013,105,180,,4,4>Cheese Please is just the latest addition to an already palate-pleasing array of wining and dining destinations located in a South Tampa retail center that includes Pane Rustica, Redneck Wine Company, The Brunchery and the Village Health Market.Relocated from its former West Shore area location, what started out as a small specialty cheese shop quickly became widely known for its festive cheese and wine events that include a theme, featured cheeses from around the world paired with delicious select wines, lively crowds, music, props and costumes and the always charming and tireless proprietors/hosts, Michael and Carlos.I did not think Cheese Please could in any way be improved but the move into its new South MacDill Avenue digs gives it more room than before to host even bigger bashes and continue to create a cult around the owners' divine selection of cheeses, condiments, wines and craft beers.From the retail space in the front, you enter a tasting room with a Wine and Cheese bar and continue on into anther room with table-side seating. Enjoy a glass or wine or a local beer while sampling a flight of cheeses or make a reservation for the next weekly wine tasting. You may learn a bit about cheeses but you most certainly will be laughing - a lot!Cheese Please is a real crowd-pleaser.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,11/17/2013,236,111,3,5,5>Boyle's Backyard, at first glance, is nothing to look at.If you sneeze, you'll drive past it.  But if you can sneeze with your eyes open, catch a quick glimpse and you will notice that "nothing to look at" turns into "I can't stop staring" very quickly.BB's is a beach shack type open air bar and grill place.  The atmosphere is "redneck backyard" and I mean that in the most loving and respectful way possible.  It's as if you were invited over to Honey Boo Boo's house to have dinner.  License plates adorn the walls, tributes to soldiers, old antique chotchke's are everywhere. Old army hats, badges, medals.  It's really a great place to bring the kids and reminisce about the good old days.   The seating is plastic lawn chair type seating with big umbrella's over plastic tables.  It's a fun place, definitely a "neighborhood" joint where dogs are just as welcome as people (for the outside seating).  And, you have to love a place that has a banner on the menu that says:  "If you're easily offended, you probably will be here." But, I DEFY you to find yourself a better pulled pork sandwich anywhere.  The food is SO good.  The menu is pretty extensive for such a small place and they offer a ton of different beers for the connoisseur of the suds. Just remember, it's a beach shack, minus the beach.  If you are looking for a "fine dining experience", go ELSEWHERE.But if you don't mind the Florida sun beating down on your head, while swatting a few mosquitos out of your face, and yelling over the loud music and the crew of bikers who are always there...this place is a blast.  The drinks are cold.  The food is hot.  The service is great (albeit a little slow when they are uber busy) and the place is just a lot of fun.  You need a sense of humor to come in, but the food will bring you right back.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,11/16/2013,252,699,6,7,6>I went to Georgie's alibi with 50 of my closest friends for an event called "Pinellas Coffee time". We get together once a week and hang out, this time it was here. Color me surprised to find out that the bar had food! I knew they had some Awesome drinks, but I had no idea about the food!First let me tell you to try one of their signature martinis. I had the S'mores and the Russel's Chambord Dream, which were a BO/GO - Don't miss this special. OMG, let me tell you these were decadent! The best one.. The Russel's, was to die for! It was an orgasm in my mouth. One sip and I was hooked. I wish I had ordered it first, then I could have had two.  The other was good, but this was AH....Mazing!And the food..their menu was extensive, but I opted for Tator Tots smothered with chili, cheese and sour cream Who could go wrong? It really was amazing. And all of that for less than $15? You can bet I left my waiter a hell of a tip. The service was amazing, the drag show was good. It left me wishing we could have our PCT here every week!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,11/15/2013,111,336,1,5,2>Okay, it's time I finally sit down and give Everything Dolce a review after multiple visits. I wasn't too fond of Cafe Bohemia, so I was excited to see what took over the space. My first time I went with a friend and we got some gigantic lattes and hung out on their patio. The barista that day was a riot - nice, funny, checked on us outside, and I promised I would come back and visit. Sadly I haven't seen him since. I brought a different friend a couple weeks later for coffee and dessert. After a nice experience with some different friendly employees we just decided this would be our new place to hang out.I think Everything Dolce is primarily a sweets place, followed by coffee, and then food and alcohol. I say that because their case has a really solid selection of diabetic-coma-inducing yum. Some of them are common (I'm looking at you, fudgy brownie), and then some of them are less common, but the great thing is there's something for everyone. I say that as the biggest pain in the ass to please in the sugar department since I hate chocolate. With that being said, I've tried their cinnamon crumb cake and tres leche recently and both were really great. They weren't too sweet and the crumb cake was huge. Like I shouldn't have eaten the whole thing, but I did anyways because it was so good. Their coffee is really good too. You won't find any terrible burnt taste in theirs, and the menu is pretty basic with lattes, cafe con leche, and a few other things on their board (along with easy diagrams with listed ingredients... I'll revisit this point soon). The lattes I've had were always good, and I ventured into the cafe con leche a couple times with great success, but after today I might consider going back to lattes.Maybe it's because I came in midday instead of later in the evening, but everything about this visit today was strange in comparison to the last couple months of coming here. There's a new girl who is "educating" the owner in how to make pretentious coffee. So now I need to order my cafe con leche without a crap-ton of cinnamon in it, and with no cocoa on top because "that's how she does it"... As of this afternoon, their menu still reflects that a cafe con leche is espresso, sugar, and milk. No cinnamon listed. How am I to know they changed it? I sure as hell didn't enjoy being notified of this after it arrived at my table. I had perfect con leches just a couple weeks ago before I went out of town, and I came home to find out someone's screwing it all up! So she dropped this cup off, covered in something brown. "We have a new recipe" she said. Cocoa? Cinnamon? It was cocoa. I made a strange face long enough for her to take it away, scrape the cocoa off, add espresso to the top, and little extra foam. There was still cocoa on top. I took a napkin, cleared all the foam off the top (I don't want anything polluting my good coffee, damnit!), and tried the "new recipe." Cinnamon. With a side of coffee. I sat with another strange look on my face. I had my friend try it to make sure I wasn't crazy, and she came to the same conclusion. When the bossman walked over with our lunch, I gave him a heads up that this was a disaster and they shouldn't have changed their old recipe. So he had this girl remake my coffee (and not just scoop something out of it) after she argued with me that every single Latin American person ever makes their coffee this way. I'm calling BS on that one because in all my time in Miami, hitting the Cuban places here, and the other Latin places in my adventures, I have never once been served something that had more cinnamon flavor than coffee. In fact, not a single one even had cinnamon on top. Basically, the pretentiousness that oozed out of this girl's mouth was absolutely ridiculous. She dropped off my third cafe and her statement? "Here's your espresso with milk." What. the. f... Own up to it and admit you're not the all-knowing coffee goddess, please. I've had coffee on four continents and at least half a dozen (very different) countries; barring the instant coffee I kept running into in Istanbul, her cinnamon hot mess was the worst thing I've had that's been called coffee. I have never disliked a barista before, and now I do. If she's the one working when I go back next time, I'll make it a point to have someone else make my drink or leave. I really hate attitude and poor customer service. The bossman was apologetic and made things right, but this girl... She's toxic. Hopefully she doesn't mess everything else up. There aren't enough good indie coffee places, let alone ones open later than like 4pm.So, in conclusion, I really like this place. I've had excellent service (though sometimes slow, but I don't want to be rushed and this isn't starbucks) and food/drinks, but I'll be more cautious in my next visits and avoid the new chick.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,11/14/2013,107,261,,6,1>Day/Time of Visit: Sunday dinnerAtmosphere: sophisticated, artsy, upscale, relaxing on this inside; comfortable outdoor patioWow, this place is awesome! Best restaurant for a special meal (birthday, anniversary) in the Dunedin area by far.Started out with some perfectly mixed Kettle One dirty martinis and Bresaola (cured  beef with arugula, fresh lemon juice, olive oil and parmigiano reggiano) which was absolutely awesome - could have eaten this and the warm crusty bread with herbed olive oil for my meal and been so happy. For my entree I ordered Chicken Marco (sautéed chicken covered with cooked arugula and mozzarella cheese in a cream sauce) - delicious. BF ordered Veal Saltimbocca and loved it. Entrees are served with soup or salad, I ordered the house salad and BF ordered the spinach salad - lovely greens and you make the dressing with olive oil and balsamic vinegar on the table. For dessert we received a lovely little chocolate cake (because it was my birthday!) and our friends ordered a slice of Lemoncello cake that was delicious also. The service was outstanding. The prices for a restaurant of this caliber are reasonable (around $20 for an entree with soup/salad and sides). I had heard it was very pricy and everything a la carte and that is not the case at all.Side note: while the outdoor patio looks very casual the inside is more upscale and therefore attire seems to be more sophisticated than the usual shorts and t-shirts. Also, the 4 top that we sat at inside felt a little cluttered with the full table setting (or too small for the place setting) - my 6'6" BF felt a bit like a giant and kept hitting the bread & butter plate with his menu ;) Can't wait to go back and sooooooooooo happy this restaurant is close to me!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,11/13/2013,331,115,,8,4>Recently there was a Groupon available for this innovative way to get into shape. Since it was within walking distance of my house I decided to give it a try. I remember seeing it on the hit TV show Shark Tank and it looked fun and different. Growing up I surfed the east coast and was sure that with this past experience it would help me. As I write this my calves and shoulders are still screaming at me. First, I tried their Surffit Burn class taught by Pamela this sites proprietor. There is no way to explain the burn from diving onto a surfboard held by three stability balls. It is a constant motion. I am in love with it already, I can feel my body changing. The next night still being sore I thought I would try the Surffit Yoga class, sounded much easier. Again, I was wrong it was harder. I enjoy trying new ways to work out and this is by far my favorite and feels like I'm getting the best results. One their website it mentions your first class it $5 I would recommend trying it out!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,11/12/2013,79,271,,9,7>This may possibly be my favorite place to shop.  And I hate shopping.  Owned by a husband and wife with a passion for refinishing furniture and interior design, this store is truly one of a kind.  They find amazing pieces and repurpose/refinish them in a way that makes you feel like you NEED the piece in your house immediately.And best of all? The prices are actually affordable!  No more feeling like you have to go salvage that dresser out of the dumpster and buy all the crap for a "do it yourself" project that you'll never "do" just to save a few bucks.  Seriously.  Let me reiterate....the prices are amazing.  I've been to the store a few times over the last couple months.  And I stalk them on facebook constantly. They get new pieces in daily, and they will also do custom pieces. Just send them a pic of your furniture and tell them what you want....all over e-email, they'll give you a price and time estimate.  Not sure what's gonna match with your current decor? Bring in a picture and they will show you which pieces will compliment your current furniture.  The helpfulness is almost baffling.  I am trying to buy a bungalow style house- and as soon as I do- I am handing over my credit card to Iron Pelican.  I want this kind of unique furniture in my first home.  :)
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,11/11/2013,73,111,,4,3>I am drooling just thinking about this place.Looking for the best BBQ in St. Pete? This is it.I've only been here once so far, but can't wait to go back. I had the brisket with a side of the mac and cheese. The brisket was absolute perfection and had a great smokey flavor to it. The sauces were excellent as well. The mac and cheese was heavenly.They have a great selection of craft beers. I don't drink beer, but had a nice cider and also noticed they had root beer.This is a small place, but has a lot of character.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,5/29/2012,263,174,2,4,2>My husband and I tried 400 Beach one night after an event at The Chihuly Collection. I wasn't expecting much because I thought the decor and the menu seemed pretty touristy.For starters they brought herbed biscuits and butter to the table.They were delicious, and my salad (craisins, feta, jicama, greens and an orange balsamic vinaigrette) was really good too.My entrée was Tandoori spiced mahi mahi with Island rice (it had beans in it and seemed spiced with cardamom or something) and stir-fried vegetables. Everything, especially that Tandoori sauce which was like a mild curry...definitely could taste coconut milk, was really wonderful.My husband had a blackened shrimp dish which he said was really good also. I was really pleasantly surprised by how good everything was and I would definitely recommend 400 Beach!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,5/28/2012,99,209,,4,1>Midtown Sundries is always a great place to grab some food or drink....more so now.  Every Thursday is now 2 for 1 draught beer and ALL wines....4 to close I think.  That's pretty cool.  Also, mgmt. is now carrying more craft beers, bottle and tap.  They even have Delerium on tap...2 for 1.  Craziness.  My last visit I was able to enjoy their fajitas (and some wings)...which will give Chili's a run for their money any day...absolutely delicious.  Wings as always are fairly sized and good...I recommend the Pepper Sauce...not too mild....but not nuclear.  Great ambience inside, never a bad crowd in this place.  Students and professionals seem to be the norm.A few pool tables and plenty of TV's to see the game round out the good times.  For groups or events, a large private room is available.As others below have mentioned, free parking in the parking garage (show server or bartender your parking stub and they will give you blue "monopoly" bills that are inserted into the exit reader at the gate to get out.  Mgmt. tells me new food and beers are coming - no doubt to compete with World of Beer which just opened a few blocks west of here...competition is a good thing.  Amanda at the bar keeps things flowing with her friendly charm and quick bartending ...and she wears short shorts...and that too, is pretty cool.YELP !!!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,5/27/2012,11,70,2,5,2>I went with a group of coworkers, and this place was fantastic! Two tips: It's pretty dark inside so give your eyes a chance to adjust and the door blends into the wall so don't miss it! The food was fantastic! First - I had the kobe slider as an appetizer with only shallots - Amazingly tasty! Also tried the shrimp the grilled walkers wood shrimp. It had a great mashed plantain paired with it. Sooooo good! I also was told the tuna tar tar was great! So overall - great appetizers!Second - I had the pan seared diver scallops. They were quite tasty and the grits went well with it. You get 4 large scallops. Other entrees at the table included baby back ribs (wonderful), signature cut filet (fantastic), and grouper piccata (great). We shared some mac and cheese and french fries - quite good!Third - For dessert! We had to try the famous doughnuts. And they were very good! They're a cake donut and they come with toppings. We asked for the toppings on the side, and the clear favorite was caramel. Overall - very good!This is a great restaurant for a date night or night out with friends. It's a tad on the pricey side - but you get what you pay for. The service was great, the food was good, and I look forward to going back to celebrate something special! I would try something else because I really want to try other things on the menu. Overall a good dinner with friends!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,5/26/2012,119,371,3,8,5>Yes, it took me a while to discover this gem but I feel good because I just had my first breakfast there today! I had the two range egg "scrambled omelette" with spinach, feta, and mushrooms, a side fruit cup of bananas and blueberries, the best two strips of turkey bacon I've ever eaten, and a side cornmeal pancake (heavenly light)  with real maple syrup! Their organic coffee is so tasty too! I'm going back to try their breakfast bowl with chicken andouille sausage, 2 range eggs and 3 veggies over brown rice...tomorrow!This is gonna be fun because they have 5 types of smoothies that you can add spinach or hemp as a supper shot of health. Healthy wraps and sammies reside on the menu with desserts that only dreams conjure up. They offer a soup of the day that only comes from those same dreams, l.e. Coconut lime w/ quinoa? How about all fresh garden veggie soup, Moroccan spiced chick pea, or an organic tortilla soup.Every Friday, Serendipity After Dark, 5pm-8pm features special menu items to die for. Turkey Meatballs with Veggie Marinara over Herb Spaghetti Squash! Chicken Piccata over Zucchini Pasta! Vegan Banana Tiramisu? Lemon saffron risotto? I kill for a great risotto!I'm going to have a healthy good time trying the rest of the menu for sure. Look them up on Facebook for more info. Did I mention HEALTHY FOOD?Yes, I am totally crazy for this place. The food is healthy, the people are friendly, the atmosphere is warm and casual. What's not to like? I'll be adding to this review for sure!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,5/25/2012,221,240,5,16,7>Cannot recommend this place more. They don't take dental insurance and they're STILL more affordable than my dentist that DOES take my insurance, and the service is far superior. Just had my wisdom teeth removed, and the friendly girls at the front desk have called every day since just to check on me and make sure I'm doing alright. The dentists are total professionals, and as someone who is terrified of needles, they made my IV sedation go as smoothly as possible. Plus they made fun of all the crazy stuff I said while I was under. Professionalism, affordability, and a sense of humor are apparently NOT mutually exclusive!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,5/24/2012,224,570,9,10,6>WORKFLOW INEFFICIENT. INGREDIENT SELECTION PROCESS ENJOYABLE. VALUE FOR MONEY UNPARALLELED. FOUR DOLLARS FOR TEN PIECE MAKI WITH AVOCADO, CREAM CHEESE, SESAME SEEDS, ASPARAGUS... DOES NOT COMPUTESo now that we've heard from Nombotto, the computer hooked up to my taste buds, let's do this in English for those of us who communicate by flapping our meat at each other.If there's a few people in line ahead of you the first time you come to Rollbotto, you'll have enough time to look at the menu and figure out what you want. On subsequent trips, especially if you already know what you want, the wait can be a touch annoying. This is not due to Rollbotto's human servants, who are well-trained in the art of assembling the requested ingredients upon the rice-packed nori, rolling it all up, and delivering it as input to Rollbotto's sushi-slicing machinery. Rather, it's that composing a custom roll in your head can take a minute or two, especially if you're considering ingredients like pineapple, tempura crunchies, and creamy miso topping.  If the sushi orders were already written down as soon as each customer got to the front of the line, things would go faster. Perhaps some future Rollbotto upgrade will give us the option to put together an order using an Android (ha) or iPhone, with orders only transmitted if GPS puts you within a couple of blocks of the store (so that you can order while the credits are rolling at the nearby movie theaters, and then identify yourself at the shop to confirm your order). Not likely, though, since such an app would be costly to develop and there would be too many abandoned orders. So skip the cyber-solution and try to do your fellow humans a favor by deciding before you step up to the counter. (And perhaps Rollboto's human servants would be so kind as to print up some slips of paper with checkboxes, one slip per roll, and put out some golf pencils.)Having griped about that, however, I've gotta say that I was actually glad in retrospect that the sushi place I'd been heading to was closed. Rollbotto filled us up better and charged us less, and I really enjoyed the creativity of putting together my own rolls.I would LOVE to see Rollbotto deploy a sushi-computing unit at a data center near USF Tampa.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,5/23/2012,85,155,,8,3>Just relocating from out-of-state, I am so happy to have found this recreational center.  It is a wonderful facility with diverse activities to suit ages 2 to 100!  I found it because my daughter takes dance classes and her dance company, Tutterow Dancers, has their studios in the facility.  It has so many wonderful programs and special events.  They just had a huge Halloween celebration in the beautiful park nearby.  They have all sorts of special events around the holidays but that's just the cusp of all that they do.  I think the best part of this facility is that it's economical to be able to participate especially for seniors that can't necessarily afford to be living in a retirement village and pay assessments to enjoy activities and also for young families, looking to provide extracurricular activities for their children that they can afford.There is an annual membership fee at two levels, one for residents and the other for nonresidents, which gives you access to the many programs and events.  If you're a resident of Largo, the annual membership is only $10 for a year.  For nonresidents, the membership is $35 for 6 months or $55 for a year.They do a wonderful job of addressing the needs of everyone in the community.  Largo understands the demographics of their community.  This Center focuses on the needs of the retired citizens as well as the needs of the young family.  The services offered by this Community Center is broken down into:-Art-Cards and Games-Crafts and Hobbies-Dance-Education and Senior Services-Events, Trips and Luncheons-Health and Fitness-Performing ArtsThis Community Center is really part of a bigger picture.  Your annual membership to the Community Center allows you access to these different facilities and their programs.  Largo has recreational complexes in 5 different locations spread throughout its area:Largo Community Center at 400 Alt Keene Road is a 30,000 sq ft modern multi-purpose facility that includes classrooms, activity rooms, fitness facility and events. The Highland Recreation Complex is at 400 Highland Ave.   This facility features different recreational programs for all age groups from children through seniors including after school programs and an aquatic park.The Largo Golf Course is located at 12500 Vonn Road.   The Course offers not only lessons for all age groups but also league play and tournaments.The Southwest Recreation Complex is located at 13120 Vonn Rd.   This facility features an Olympic sized swimming pool for lessons as well as a swim club.  There are also tennis courts, a sizable gym, a VPK program for Kindergarten and after school programs.The Largo Cultural Center is at 105 Central Park Drive.  This facility not only teaches the arts but also hosts all sorts of shows and musicals.There is so much to say about it, I feel my review could never do it justice.  If you're in the area and retired, or have young children, or have an interest you'd want to pursue, I'd encourage you to check out the link on this page to their web site and find what you're looking for.  My experience there for the past year had been nothing but positive.  The facility is beautiful.  The staff working there is friendly and helpful.  If you live in or near Largo, take the time to check it out.  I think it's so well done.  Kudos to Largo for truly understanding the needs of their community.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,5/22/2012,23,186,,4,2>It always helps to have reservations since it gets busy. We always start at the bar before getting seated at our table with an old fashion PineFin without the simple syrup and pineapple juice. We love the mussels and need bread to sop up the broth. Yum. The lobster bisque was good but Capital Grille has it better with more lobster and a nice sherry finish. The oysters were fresh but whoever was shucking did a poor job last night, since a few looked pretty mangled. I usually like Blue Point but they didn't have much flavor. The seared tuna was fresh but the crostini tasted stale without a crunch. The spinach salad worked better with Granny Smith apples to cut the overly citrus sweet vinaigrette. I usually like bacon but it didn't work for me with the dressing, so it was disappointing. Service seemed rushed and though attentive, it wasn't like the many times before. We have had some of the best experiences there but have had some hit and miss dining experiences, too. One of my favorite dish is the Shanghai sea bass. Finishing off with a creme brullee and key lime pie made it complete. Key lime had the right balance of sweet and tart, and the crust added the crunch.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,5/21/2012,84,214,3,6,6>Yum!  I was very excited to be able to get my hands on some of their buns from Stinky Bunz. It's already rare enough to find good buns but this truck serves bun sandwiches the right way. I normally see this everywhere in Cali and NY but no where in FL so I was very happy to be able to get me some! The buns can be served up with different types of filling and also toppings. The meal also comes with kimchi fried rice. It's one killer meal since it's so filling! The buns are so soft and moist and the meat filling is full of flavor. I love!They also serve rice bowls and lettuce wraps if you're not into the whole bun thing but it's worth a try.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,5/20/2012,221,219,4,4,6>After nearly a year of walking by this place, but never quite being hungry enough to eat here, I finally gave it a try last night.My parents are from Chicago originally, and often complain about the lack of "Chicago-style" food here in Tampa. To those who aren't familiar with Chicago-style food, it basically consists of hearty servings of  (usually) boiled meat piled on top of bread. And lots of fried stuff. Basically, it's heaven.The restaurant is endearing and reminds me a lot of the small hot dog stands that can be found in my parents hometown. You order at the window, take a seat on the patio, and your order is brought out to you. At each table there are rolls of paper towels, and you will soon realize why it's necessary to have endless napkins at your disposal.We split a basket combo, and I realize you might be wondering "Why did you SPLIT a combo? What are you, an old married couple on a budget??". But consider this: We ordered a foot-long Chicago Dog (which is boiled, topped with onions, relish, pickles, peppers, and cucumbers) a soda, and a HUGE basket of either fries or tater tots. The hot dog was AWESOME. It's been years since I've had a legit Chicago dog and this did not disappoint. The mustard was dripping down my fingers and chin, the hot dog was flavorful, and the peppers on it were awesome. The plentiful tater tots were both hot and crispy, and by the time we were done, I was pleasantly full.The menu here holds a bunch of undiscovered treasures and I can't wait to be back to try the Italian Beefs. They're open till midnight on Thursdays, and 3am on both Friday and Saturday, which is something I'm happy to have discovered. Finally, an alternative to late-night pizza!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,3/26/2012,47,94,,2,2>Having driven by this place several times, I decided to give it a try for lunch.   We came in around 12:30 and there was plenty of seating inside, however, both tables outside were taken.  We were told we could sit wherever we would like and we were immediately greeted with a menu/drink orders.  The lunch prices were very reasonable, I believe it was $7.95 for most every dish, $9.95 if you would like the dish with shrimp.  Each lunch order came with a spring roll and a dessert. I ordered the spicy rice with chicken while my girlfriend chose her Thai go to Pad Thai.  The spring rolls were brought out quick and came with the typical dipping sauce you would receive most Thai/Vietnamese restaurants.  As soon as we finished our spring rolls our dishes were brought out.  The portions were a good size.  The spicy rice was great, but not all that spicy... I really should have asked for Thai hot.  The rice came mixed with some vegetables and chicken.  Aside from it not being as hot as I would typically like, the food was excellent.  My girlfriend also really enjoyed her Pad Thai.  Dessert was mixed in coconut sauce, excellent. Overall the food was quite good and the service was good/extremely fast.  The prices were very reasonable, considering a lot of places are charging a lot higher prices for a simple Pad Thai.  I would definitely recommend checking out Thai Island if around Davis Island and craving some Thai food.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,3/25/2012,7,80,,3,1>Came here with my wife after watching a movie at the Cobb Theater.  We ordered a personal pan pepperoni and cheese pizza.  The pizza was great!  Thin like true new york style pizza.  Liked this place enough that I went back with my uncle and wife the following night and ordered a large Pep and cheese.  Again the pizza was great!  We did order a side of marinara and that had no salt, so that is the only complaint I have.  When I am in the mood for some new york style coal oven pizza, this will be my place to go.  Glad to have you in town Grimaldi's.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,3/24/2012,143,262,3,5,5>I came here after work with my coworkers to celebrate the retirement of our beloved colleague. We arrived during HH on a Friday evening and they catered very well to our party. Man, did they take care of us. The wings were very-much-so delightful. As was the $1.60 Yuengling on tap! It was my first visit there. From the outside, I wasn't expecting so much seating. The place was ginormous! Well played Ferg's. Well played.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,3/23/2012,45,49,1,4,3>This is my favorite and my family's favorite Chinese food ever since I was born! Every birthday/celebration we always get Ho Ho's for dinner. We always ordered it to go from the store in Carrollwood but sadly that location shut down. Luckily, they still have this one open and I'm so happy it's open! I don't know what my family or I was going to do without their food. It's the best food ever...try it and you'll see. =) Oh ya! I judge Chinese food restaurants based on their eggrolls, and they have the best ones!!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,3/22/2012,199,503,9,11,5>Holy Frijoles!!!! This place is the bee's knees.  The cat's cradle.  The whisper's ear.  Tonight we walked up to Pablano's Mexican grill and realized it was a wide open sports bar look with an American server. I immediately walked out and drove around the corner to this little gem and let me tell you... it's no joke.Typical of my hungry and curious self I ordered way too much.  The Half Chicken was juicy, brined amazingly well, and coated in a spice rub that can only be described as salty bliss.  For my sides I ordered black beans and rice that were simple and the perfect balance to this whole dish.Next I had the Chicken Empenada.  It was filled tight with chicken, olives, carrots, peas, and boiled eggs.  Most Empenadas I've had are dried out by the time you get them... this wasn't.  This was moist (yes the perversely sexual word used to describe sexual things), flavorful (also could be used), and left me screaming for more (ironically the empeneda was sex).Finally for my main course I had the Pico Rojo Sandwich.  It looks kind of boring when presented, only bread, lettuce, roasted peppers, and some chicken, but it's one of those less is more type sandwiches.  It was sweet, salty, and umami all at once and layered into the fluffiest bread I've tasted.The staff is incredibly friendly, the atmoshere is low key and comfortable, and the other customers were all raving about how much they love the food and how it's their favorite spot in Pinellas.  I truly can't wait to go back for more.  But you stay away... if I have to wait in line I'm going to start throwing bows.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,3/21/2012,2,16,,4,2>Delicious! A definite must try. :-) Burgers are hand pattied and with every specialty burger ($7) you get a pick of one of their side dishes. We were pretty impressed with this place because most places charge you an extra buck or two for a side item other than fries. Here you have the option between.. curly fries, cole slaw, tator tots, onion rings, etc... I ordered my burger medium rare and it came exactly that. **Also $2 burgers on Tuesday nights after 6pm! Met the owners.. very nice and seemed to really care! Try it and you won't regret it.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,3/20/2012,12,9,,3,2>This is my go-to place for Greek in Pinellas, especially since it's close to home. I really like the restaurant for take out, and I feel it is a solid place to nom. I have yet to find a better local Greek food place, actually. (I'm looking at you, Louis Pappas.)Gyros are great (the chicken especially deserves a mention!), but I've eaten a ton of gyros in my life so that's not what I've been getting lately. I've had quite a few different things from here, but my personal favorites are their salad (you might be able to get a few anchovies if you ask!) and I often add a side of chicken and eat that bad boy for two days. Also good is their avgolemono soup (so lemony and comforting), souvlaki is great and the dolmades are wonderful. One time I got their baked mousaka and it was almost too good, BUT it was a huge portion (best for sharing, or two meals) and rather heavy, so I wouldn't get it year round. I can't say much more than what I've written here or what other reviewers have said. One more thing, though. I should mention the chicken again. It's really good. This isn't some kind of pre-formed, frozen, pink whatever abomination. It's real, actual chicken breast and it's super good. Same for the gyro meat. Super tasty.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,3/18/2012,10,23,,3,3>This is one of neighborhood favorites!  If you want a lively fun place to go, then sit inside on a Saturday night and be prepared for Greek music, a belly dancer that is willing to teach you a few moves, dancing wait staff, flying napkins, and broken plates.   Seems like a Greek party!I love the saganaki as it reminds me of my first Greek restaurant in Detroit's Greektown.  The tirosalata is wonderfully tasty!  My favorite dish is the Chicken Rhoades.  Lots of flavor with chunks of artichoke and sun dried tomatoes.  No matter what you order, there is lots of it to share or bring home for lunch.Whether we sit on the patio or inside, we have always had friendly and attentive service.OPA!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,3/17/2012,3,49,,5,3>I recently moved to Tampa and in an effort to get to know some people I decided to join a co-ed soccer league. I was pretty lost as to where to track down the right info as sports league websites are notoriously bad. Fortunately for me I stumbled across The Soccer Shop of Tampa Bay! I have never been to an exclusively soccer shop before so I wasn't sure what to expect. After visiting I can say that the atmosphere is similar to a bike shop or other specialized outdoor retailer. Everyone there was very friendly and it felt like a soccer hang out spot that happens to sell a wide variety of shoes, clothing, and gear. I try my best to avoid big box retailers so this place will definitely do the trick for me. The owners are locals too and this store is one of a kind, not some franchise with incompetent workers. The other major plus to this operation is the custom screen printing that they do for a variety of local teams or whoever really. You don't need to be playing soccer to take advantage of this as they will print anything that you could want. All in all a great store with great people and I am sure that I will be back soon!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,3/16/2012,224,570,,3,2>If you're passing through Plant City on I-4, the Strawberry Hut is well worth a stone's-throw detour. We stopped by this weekend (prime strawberry season) and got a half turkey Cuban, a cheese toast, and an egg-and-cheese Cuban (for breakfast). We also got a small strawberry milkshake.I can honestly say that I have never had a better strawberry shake -- heck, I have never had a better dessert at a roadside stand, and that includes the fresh peach fried pies right outside the Jaemor orchard in Alto, Georgia. (Sorry, y'all.)For that matter, I can honestly say I barely had THIS shake! Next time I come here with my wife, I'm buying two!Interesting side note: this is one of two tiny roadside shacks I've found in Hillsborough County whose menu says "HAVE A JESUS-FILLED DAY". The other is the equally venerable Campbell's Dairyland in Brandon. Who first put the sentiment on their menu board? I don't know. But they both mean it cheerfully and sincerely. Campbell's has fewer posters for Christian events and services, though. Who knew there was a Christian style of playing the drums? I sure didn't.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,7/27/2011,265,340,5,12,9>So from the outside and from the name you would TOTALLY think just another run of the mill Italian place, but what you don't know is that inside they also serve INDIAN food!  So we stopped by for a little dinner, I figured it would be perfect because I was in the mood for Indian, but it's hard to convince my boyfriend to go, but he loves Italian, so what a great combo for us! It is definitely a little far out of the way for us, but I was glad we went.  All of the entrees come with a salad and bread and I ordered the Goat Biriyani and my boyfriend ordered the Chicken Cannellonni.  When my Biriyani arrived it was a HUGE plate of food and it had plenty of goat in it and even had a Tandoori Chicken leg in it.  The Chicken Cannellonni came out all gooey and melty and the cream sauce had a good flavor to it.  So for the taste, price and for the sheer flexibility of your food options this is definitely a place to try.  I saw the lady next to me order the Chicken Tikka Masala and it looked great, I will be back to try it.  Only thing I wished that they had was some Mango Lassi, Little Pepperoni, if you are listening, add it to the menu! :-)
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,7/26/2011,12,30,1,9,3>Excellent! Superb! Outstanding! I liked everything about this restaurant: its warm atmosphere, friendly and out-of-words service and very attentive waiters, authentic Italian food, each dish prepared to the perfection with the highest quality ingredients, its fresh huge roses on every table that match the colors of tablecloths  and napkins and every lady receives a rose upon leaving, the owner who came up to every single guest and asked about dinner. That is the true old school restaurant. Classic in every way. And that is the only way to run your business successfully. Where do I start?... Every single dish was perfect. I even don't know if I should say anything else. :) But I should mention one fact about this restaurant - they serve the white wine really cold! And that is the only way I like my wine - it makes your glass sweat. And that was the first and the only one restaurant I can remember where I did not have to wait for the wine to be chilled  and I didn't add ice.  Terrina Della Casa. House paté. Smooth but not pureed chicken liver pate, with some sweetness from sun dried tomatoes (if I figured that out correct). Not greasy at all. Definitely home-made!Calamari Fritti.Fried calamari - tender, light, accompanied with a nice rich warm tomato sauce.SogliolaDover Sole. mmmmmm... There are not many restaurants serving this particular fish. So I'd say MY BIG THANK YOU for having it in your menu and knowing how to cook it - tender flaky but solid white fish filets served with very light buttery foam that accompanies it perfect just enough to accent the seafood.Pasta was cooked to the very best. I ordered pappardelle that were not even in the menu, it was made just for me, how cool is that?!  :) It came thin as a paper but wide, cooked al dente. And definitely fresh. And angel hair pasta was the best I've had - thin but solid. And both pastas were covered slightly in tomato sauce, not bathed. Ossobuco Alla Milanese. The Perfect. Tender veal in a perfectly spiced herbal sauce coming off the huge bone filled with buttery marrow. Scalopinni Di Vitello Pulcinella. The Perfect. Veal topped with prosciutto and melted fontina cheese, as simple as it gets. Desserts. That was "cruel" of the stuff to bring all the cakes they had so we could choose. :))) Beautiful selection and prepared in the house for sure! Chocolate mousse cake ...... was tall but light as mousse and looked like a cake because of several thin chocolate layers. Not too sweet.Napoleon - one more dish that is not served very often in restaurants as its preparation is too time and labor consuming and the cake takes only freshest ingredients to be done right. SUPERB!!! Light as the air!!! Sweet enough with crispy (not soggy) tender layers of thinnest puff pastry smoothed with whipped buttery cream. What a delicious way to end the great dinner!Thank you very much for the great true Italian dinner, "Donatello"! We'll definitely be back.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,7/25/2011,119,94,,3,3>I have lived in Tampa my whole life but always thought of the Wine Exchange as a place for older people. I was wrong. The smells walking up to the place made me hungry! The atmosphere is modern and clean. I went Mid-July so sitting outside on the patio was not an option!  My friend is pregnant and asked for ginger ale. They make it in-house! She loved it. Our waiter was super nice and helpful. One of my friends ordered the Paris sandwich. She completely deconstructed it but the waiter was patient and even told her that she would rename it and they would put it on the specials! My mom had the cafe salad. It was nice and light! I did discover that heart of palm is NOT for me. The dressing on the salad was delicious! I had the spinach ravioli and was very pleasantly surprised! It is super fresh and perfectly portioned for lunch. I thought it might be a little heavy but in a light garlic butter sauce the spinach and cheese filling really shined. My only complaint is they run out of things. I heard the waiter telling people they didn't have a couple of different menu items. It is a common problem that smaller restaurants tend to experience so it's nothing to be to upset about! Overall, I really enjoyed my meal. I will definitely go back and try it for dinner!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,7/24/2011,17,5,,2,2>I've been to Ciro's twice and have throughly enjoyed both visits.  The password business is a little kitsch but it does a good job of setting the ambiance from the get-go.  Be prepared because the place is dark and it'll take a little while for your eyes to adjust.  The bar area displays an awesome assortment of booze and the bartenders are always busy working on concoctions.   The tables are in their own alcoves and very intimate.  The staff is very knowledgeable about the menu and the drinks and are prompt without being intrusive.  The drinks are the true stars here though.  They seem to take the '20's era prohibition bar' pretty seriously and they don't use artificial anything and use had shaved ice for their drinks.  The drinks themselves are creative and delicious.  One could say they're expensive except that every drink is completely hand crafted from high quality booze and they're  all at least doubles compared to any other place I've been to in the area.  For those on (off?) the wagon they also do some delicious drinks sans alcohol and I would suggest that those that that are imbibing try a non-alcoholic drink as well.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,7/23/2011,57,66,1,3,3>Well, I'm just embarrassed. As many times as I've been to Hyde Park Cafe, I haven't written a review. Although it's been a while, there was a good period of time where this was my Saturday evening spot.The individual pizzas are tasty, the outside bar area is comfortable, and they have a great selection of beers. Personally, I'm a fan because they keep Strongbow on tap.While I've never ventured inside for more than a quick bathroom break, I can vouch for the atmosphere in their renovated patio. With two bars outside and a third in an enclosed room off the patio, your glass won't stay empty for long. When I was there last, I tended to show up early and cash in on the great happy hour deals. That said, I usually left right around the time the night club scene started to trickle in so I can't comment on how it is after 10:00 p.m. But knowing they have plenty of drinks and scrumptious pizzas, what more do you need?
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,7/22/2011,112,359,,,>Having gone to different establishments in the Chicago area that offered the dinner and a movie concept, this one is by far the best in terms of value, concept and execution.  The lot across the street provides easy access for free; the interior decor is stylish and maintained well and makes a great place to go just for a drink.  The theaters themselves are relatively small since most of the seats are loveseat style which is great in terms of personal space and comfort.  The food quality and prices were both above average.  Book your tickets online, reserve your seats and remember to get there 30 minutes before your showtime to order food.  This will definitely be my go-to place for movies in the area.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,7/21/2011,168,91,3,8,5>on the avenue is very much like the grand central district itself - quirky, different, eclectic and vintage.  the stuff stuffed inside this consignment store on central avenue is all over the map, from thrift store kitsch to true vintage.the kid that works the counter is about as friendly as you can find and more than willing to deal....a recent trip brought back a lighted metal palm tree for my porch - that actually wasn't on sale, but the kid called the owner and convinced him to sell it to me - and a vintage handbag for my daughter.  he also kicked in a coin purse for free because he thought it would look good with her and he was "tired of it laying around."this is the kind of place where you aren't going to find something everytime, but when you do it is going to be a find.it is also the kind of business i like to support, so next time you are eating at the taco bus or nitally's walk a block and check them out.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,7/20/2011,119,371,,13,6>Where do I begin? I moved to Palm Harbor 17 months ago. I dreamed I would be able to find a non-corporate, personable cafe and coffee shop to come to in the morning, meet friends, have a great cuppa, and contemplate the scent of the beautiful gulf breeze. I found that and a lot more at Old Town!The coffee is from Baby's Coffee with roasting locations in Key West, Florida and Breaux Bridge, Louisiana, The bread is from Giovanni's Bakery in Largo, Fl. Desserts and pies come from J.J. Gandy's (famous for their Key Lime pies) right here in Palm Harbor.The breakfast items include, bagels croissants, paninis,  all available as sandwiches. I've almost tried them all as I will never turn away an offered bite from friends!  Belgian Waffles, a breakfast Cuban, Panini, or Burrito? No worries. Breakfast is available all day!But the choice of sandwiches, salads, soups, and wraps go on and on for great cafe lunches. I can't do it justice. I can say that as I'm doing this review, I'm inspired by the amazing Chicken Salad sandwich (w chopped grapes), with fresh lettuce and tomatoes on whole wheat! There was recently a turnover in ownership. This has not affected the great service and friendliness as a familiar staff member/customer took the reins. In fact, they are constantly asking their customers, local and new, for ideas. Yes, many mornings on the front deck, my friends and I are enjoying the menu, sharing random thoughts, and loving the coastal life at Old Town Cafe. Sweet!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,7/18/2011,20,21,1,3,2>In Tampa, the corporate eateries surpass the number of local restaurants.  As one who is not a fan of corporate food traditionally, I make it a point to eat at as many privately owned establishments as I can.  Vizcaya is one of them.  I have a secret love for Tapas...ok, maybe not so secret.  I have spent many an evening at Ceviche which is now in Tampa, St. Pete and Sarasota.  With the growth of their business, the food declined and the service was always horrible.  I decided to start trying all types of Tapas restaurants.  I have eaten at Vizcaya on 3 occasions.  The most recent being last night.  This unassuming restaurant located in a  strip mall has many excellent items on their menu.  Last night we partook in the Pate', lobster and crab stuffed fish, wild rabbit, chorizo, ham croquettes and flan.  The fish, chorizo and croquettes were excellent. Full of complimentary flavors that were incredibly rich.  The rabbit although very good, was still on the bone.  Since it is petite game, it was not worth the effort of removing the meat from the bone for the small amount that existed.  I LOVE pate'.  However, Vizcaya's pate' is pedestrian at best.  The flavor was dense and provincial, leaving a heavy after taste on the tongue. Flan.  Who doesn't love flan?  Maybe I've been spoiled by Noche Buena at my best friends' house, but the flan at Vizcaya left a lot to be desired.  I tasted like it was out of the box.  Overall, I am a huge fan and expect to encounter items on the menu that I don't prefer.  That being said, in my 3 visits I've had more amazing dishes than unamzing so that's what drove my rating.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,7/17/2011,451,51,7,15,6>Epitome of Neighborhood BarI'm so glad Jason K. reviewed this place, otherwise I may have never even given it a chance. I just moved into a nearby condo and was looking for a place to grab a beverage. I checked the Yelp app on my phone and it said the I Don't Care was .3 of a mile away. Sure enough, there it sat in a nondescript plaza off Manhattan.I walked inside to discover a simply perfect situation. Sparse crowd, killer jukebox, friendly bartender (Royce), and a menu of pub grub. Royce poured me a Shock Top, we made small talk, and I decided to be adventurous and go for the wings. I told her I liked spicy stuff and she cocked her head to the side and asked "how spicy?" Very, I replied, and she had the cook pour me a side of some sort of Jamaican Pepa sauce.Hot. Not inedible, mind you, but hot. Wings were good, oversized and meaty. I tried to go as eclectic as possible with my jukebox selection as I was sure Royce heard the same damn songs over and over again. I went from Cee-Lo to Led Zep, Oasis to Pearl Jam, Beastie Boys to Metallica. She told me that the only artist that gets thoroughly overplayed was Rush (please note this if you visit there). I paid my tab, fully satisfied, and will certainly return.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,9/25/2011,168,91,,6,3>just walking in here is a joy.  milagros is home to sister agnes hand crafted soaps and each one is created to be both a visual and an olfactory delight.  opening the door and stepping inside you are absolutely assaulted by a cacophony of smells (in a truly good way.)at any given time there are at least 50 different artisan soaps on display, all made on the premises.  there are some regulars, but many of the soaps alternate on a seasonal basis.  this fall i purchased a soap that smelled like thanksgiving finner and was designed to look like it had pumpkins and cranberries inside.  the owner is super friendly too and answered my 12 year old's questions until she couldn't think of any more.recently i stopped in and picked up "beach house" and "surf's up" for some summer themed hand washing.another great idea is "make your own soap."  for $20 you get to make your own soap and take it home with you.  or you can arrange for private soap making parties after hours.a great place to pick up a unique gift.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,9/24/2011,119,371,2,3,2>My first experience was Christmas Eve. My wife and I came for dinner then walked on the beach. It is now a tradition as I just made reservations again for Dec 24. The Bisque was excellent. The Bluepoint oysters are my fave and the best. They do have a limited menu for Christmas Eve but it is more than adequate with no slack on the preparation or the excellent service. I'll let the younger crowd decide not to come here due to the elder crowd BUT the smarter will come. This is the best of the beach for fine dining! I'll update after this coming Dec 24! :)
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,9/23/2011,112,359,5,8,5>Bern's is an experience, not simply a meal.  I encourage you to eat at places like Morton's, Timpano's, Sullivan's and Ruth's Chris just to ensure you will be fully able to appreciate every little detail.  From the outside, the building is unassuming and on the large side.  Inside, it is like stepping back in time.  The lobby is something like the haunted house in Walt Disney World - vaulted ceilings, coats of arms and grand paintings in a dimly lit atmosphere.  Despite the vastness of the complex, the dining is broken up into multiple rooms which gives a much more cozy feeling than you might imagine.The steak is the main attraction and the larger the portion, the more flavorful the cut.  Unless you are dining by yourself, opt for one large cut which they will divvy up table side instead of ordering separate steaks.  For regulars of the chains I mentioned earlier, it is usually par for the course that anything you want with your steak and I literally mean anything, is extra.  The a la carte approach has its place for sure, but it is refreshing to see such quality beef offered in conjunction with french onion soup, house salad, grilled vegetables, a loaded baked potato and crispy onion straws.Dessert is such an affair it isn't even offered at your table!  The wait staff will offer a tour of the kitchen and the wine cellar (don't give it a second thought, just nod yes) on your way to the dessert room which will give you an appreciation for their assembly line process of food preparation and the mind boggling wine cellar.  Remember the end of "Raiders of the Lost Ark" when the two g-men are wheeling the Ark in a box and the camera pans back to reveal an expanse of crates as far as the eye can see?  Well this is the wine bottle version of that room!Dessert is upstairs and if you had dinner, you will get priority seating but expect a short wait regardless.  Unless you have 6 or more in your party, no reservations just for the dessert room.  Much of the sweets comes from a bottle, but still worth every calorie.  Portions are large, so expect to share.And remember, friends don't let friends order well-done.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,9/22/2011,93,99,4,7,6>I'm a huge fan of Mema's Alaskan Tacos and am surprised at myself for not having already written a shining review for this place.  Alaskan tacos have been a solid presence in Ybor for quite some time.  My cousin turned me onto it back when you had to order at a window and eat at one of the two picnic benches outside.  Almost every time I go, I order the tacos.  They are just amazing.  My favorite is shrimp with the beef in a close second.  The shells are these wonderfully crispy golden fried beauties and they really make the tacos shine.  I've also had the enchiladas and beans and rice, and they also get an A-plus rating from me.  The rice isn't too dry, and the enchiladas are stuffed and messy, just how they should be.  I've always had great service and find the staff to be friendly, helpful.  Now with them serving so many types of beers, I certainly appreciate their recommendations.  Prices are definitely affordable and they are open late,  important criteria for Ybor food joints.All in all, I'm a fan and would recommend this place to anyone in the area.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,9/20/2011,65,344,,2,2>This place was great.  I was hesitant about it with the shiny menus and all the big screen TVs, but all of that ended up being part of the charm.Food portions are huge, and food is very solid.  I loved the breading on the fried green tomatoes.  For entrees, I had the pulled pork with the cornbread casserole and the greens medley.  I do wish there was vinegar or hot sauce at the table for the greens, but otherwise, things were awesome.  My husband had the ribs, grits and baked beans, and he cleaned his plate.  For dessert, we shared the peach cobbler a la mode (I had more than half of my dinner packed to go so that I would have room for dessert).Our waitress only had our table, so she was amazingly attentive.  She brought us samples of the sides so we could taste them before ordering.  She was all over refills of drinks.  I really hope her section started filling up because she is wonderful and should be tipped heavily. Oh!  The drink menu!  I'm usually a wine/beer person, but the waitress was recommending a vodka made of oranges, so I had a Madras (basically a screwdriver with fresh squeezed orange juice) with that promotional vodka.  It was tasty and only about $5.All in all, for the amount of tasty food we got for less than $50 including a couple cocktails and sodas, this place was a great deal.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,9/19/2011,29,135,,3,3>Don't get me wrong - as someone previously said, this is probably the strangest mix of people in the same place at once. I don't think I've ever been in there before 10PM.That said, go there with an open mind. It's always entertaining, drinks are CHEAP, and they have karaoke, pool, darts, arcade games & live music. Service is good too (Melissa rocks!). It's probably the most interesting bar in St. Pete by far. Give it a chance.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,9/18/2011,88,148,,5,2>If the interior decoration is more fancy, I will give it 5 star without  hesitation. This is by far the best and authentic Indian restaurant I have tried. After living at Hong Kong for many years, I am hopelessly spoiled on good India food. I am not easily pleased for average quality. Food are served in traditional Indian copper dishware that enhance the presentation. Services are very pleasant. Most of their customers are Indian which is a good sign. Owner greets you at the door and helps you choose your dishes if you have never had India food before. There was a table of 5 next to us and the owner spent 10 minutes with them to make sure they know what they are going to eat. Most main dish cost around $ 11 (including white rice). Portion are small but plenty for one to two person. Wine are reasonable and match the Indian dish perfectly. I will suggest Chardonnay. Order a bottle if you go with groups. Indian food are rich and spicy and it certainly requires taste, but it is also very addicting. You will enjoy most of their vege dishes and you will never go wrong ordering Tandoori dishes, butter chicken, Tikka. Be an adventurer.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,9/17/2011,379,222,2,5,4>For breakfast on Sunday morning Scott, his father and I went to Sumatra Bistro & Cafe. I had been for lunch once before, so I had a little bit of an idea of what to look forward to, but I'd never had their morning food. Was it worth it? Absolutely. There was a little hiccup with service at the beginning of the meal, but they made up for it. Our server was friendly and accommodating to be sure.  The menu boasts local and organic ingredients including items like a grilled eggplant sandwich with fresh mozzarella and a bitter greens salad with house dressing (see photo below) all the way to organic buckwheat waffles and pancakes. Decor is cozy, location is both easy to find and comfortable parking, indoor and outdoor (pet friendly) seating. Overall? I give it a four out of five and will certainly be in there again.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,9/16/2011,203,229,,8,4>My friend and I arrived at 9:30 promptly when they opened only to be done before 11 am. It wasn't too crowded so we got to enjoy the exhibits mostly uninterrupted. There was some congestion getting to the aquarium parking lot ($6) because there was a cruise ship passengers disembarking. The aquarium parking lot is only a short walk away from the main building. It was only $16.95/adult if you bought the tickets online ($19.95 at the gate). For the price, it definitely offered a lot to do. I enjoyed being able to touch the sting rays, and star fish. The exhibits were beautiful particularly the seahorse section, the jellyfish section, and the wetlands. In the wetlands area, you can get so close to the animals. The birds can fly freely in the enclosed exhibit.  Though it's small, I think everyone should do it at least once!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,9/15/2011,148,736,7,9,4>THIS AIN'T A CUBAN RESTAURANT, PEOPLE!  Stop the madness.I think a lot of people go here thinking it is going to be a Cuban restaurant because so many Tampa natives associate "Spanish" food with "Cuban" or any ole "Latin cafe" food.  This couldn't be further from the truth.  The Columbia serves up SPANISH FOOD, as in, from Spain--not caribe Latin food as in Cuban or Puerto Rican.  The original owners of this restaurant were not Cuban, they were Spanish.  You wouldn't go here expecting Mexican food, so you shouldn't expect and all Cuban menu, respectively. Confused yet?Anywho, check this place out for Spanish cuisine.  Lots of fish and borderline Italian-like, Mediterranean dishes.  They do have a Cuban sandwich on the menu that's made the traditional, old school way and a dish called La Cubana Completa which offers a variety of Cuban-style foods, but other than that, it's all old world classics.This place has been a staple eatery in Tampa's Ybor City since the turn of the century, so it's worth checking out because that type of longevity isn't accidental.  Been eating here for years and will for many more to come for the "1905" Salad alone if nothing else!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,6/22/2014,99,497,4,10,6>Lately, I have been on a quest to find the best authentic Mexican food in town. After finding this gem on yelp, I had to go over for lunch STAT.As others have said, the building itself is nothing special (a weird mix of half nightclub, half restaurant, but plenty of booths and tables to seat many people, so that was good), but in all honestly I didn't come here for the environment, I came for the grub!Based on others suggestions, I went with the burrito with bistec. The waitress was friendly, helpful and spoke English (although I speak Spanish so doesn't make a difference to me). When the meal arrived a short time later, I couldn't resist any longer.This was truly the BEST burrito I have ever had in my life. Filled with bistec with grilled onions, avocado cubes, tomato, fresh cilantro, rice and beans along with a side of sour cream and green spicy sauce made this a heavenly concoction. It was literally so melty, cheesy and delicious I wish I had 2 stomachs to eat some more :0 Sadly I was stuffed after having just one of these monstrous burritos.I wish I had been able to leave my love for mexican food in the past year, because this place will be bad for my waistline and healthy eating resolutions, but WOW is it fantastic. I'll be back for sure.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,6/21/2014,60,111,4,8,5>I am a little bit of a burger snob. I was pretty impressed with what they have going on at Engine No9. I love a place that is completely authentic. Engine No9 embraces what they are: a neighborhood sports bar that specializes is top notch burgers and super friendly service. The menu boasts 26 different burgers. Our waitress was extremely helpful. We ended up ordering the Tex Mex Melt (Cheddar, BBQ sauce, onion rings on a pretzel roll) and The Chubby Duck (caramelized onions, Pancetta, Brie, Foie Gras, and duck Kracklins). The Chubby Duck was heavenly. The sides (sweet potato fries and tater tots) were also well done. It is very small , tables are limited, so it may be best to go during an "off" time. I also found myself wishing there was a beer list to peruse. I will definitely be back; I have 24 more burgers to try.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,6/20/2014,95,126,8,9,6>I like my fruit and vegetables like I like my infections...Local baby!For years I've spent my weekends running up and down Morris Bridge Road avoiding alligators, snakes and high speed travelers. Over that time, I've watched, from a distance, Branchton Farms Farmers' Market grow from a small, backyard operation into a much larger one. In its current form, Branchton Farms now has a cooling case, an enclosed area to store a cash register, a large roof overhead and four (or five?) large display shelves where they showcase local produce at a fairly reasonable price. Not everything on display comes directly from the Branchton Farms' gardens. Some of the fruits and veggies are imported from local farmers in the area. While the resulting fruits and veggies may be smaller than ones grown out of state, the taste is much bigger. These little guys don't have the mileage that those other fruits and veggies do.Two weeks ago I reacquainted myself with the market. I was very impressed with what they had going on. I fondled some sweet taters, ogled the greens and caressed the butternut squash. They had beautiful peppers in five different flavors, a number of different apple varieties, tomatoes, greens, mushrooms, citrus, avocado and squash. They don't have the selection of other Farmers' Market but that's to be expected if they are depending only on what local farms provide. I look forward to watching this place continue to grow and expand. It has now become a regular part of our grocery shopping rotation.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,6/19/2014,70,189,2,6,4>I had no idea what to expect.....was really a different and interesting Valentine's experience.When we first arrived, we are guided to a line before getting to Manatee Circle to take photos which we are told some are complimentary and others available for sale at the end of the evening.  When we get up to have our photos taken, the photographer enthusiastically tells us to do several different things..we're in front of a green screen so we have NO idea what the backgrounds are but the one photo we received at the end of the night was very nice.Then, we move to just past Manatee Circle and there is an animal handler with a very cool Barred Owl on his arm and a hammy sloth.....it was so active and appeared to be posing for photos and really interacted with the crowd - looking at everyone, moving ever so slowly (kind of like sloths do) and bending over backwards hanging onto its branch-like structure - it was so cute.Then we walked.....and walked (I knew I shouldn't have worn these high heeled boots!) and head to Africa Circle where they have 2 open bars with pretty long lines but moved pretty quickly.  My first request for a glass of wine had about an inch of wine in it - everyone else seemed to have 3/4 filled glasses so rather than have that, go back, wait and then again - I just got right back in line and got another glass.  After a couple sips of the small serving, I put that in the 2nd glass which lasted me for most of dinner.In this area, they also hand passed hors d'oeuvres but was pretty scarce - appeared there were not enough to give to more than just a few people at a time, my husband and I were offered a deconstructed BLT, which was good....we overheard there were lobster wontons but couldn't seem to get our hands on one.We were offered another deconstructed BLT.  Then we moved a little past the Lodge entrance and then we were able to try the lobster wonton.  And then, there were strawberry bruschetta with a balsamic glaze.  Now THAT was my favorite, the lobster wonton was my husband's favorite but wished it been just a little better and the BLT was on an interesting not cracker, not bread but that was the best part of it.Although there appeared not to be enough, I mean for as many people as were there....having 4 total pieces was enough because we knew a full dinner was coming.We entered the Lodge - a beautifully decorated hall with OH so many tables, we sat with 3 other couples, everyone was nice, there was a little bit of live entertainment during dinner, salads were already set and community dressing, bread waiting in a basket, water and butter ready...the tables were covered in a red tablecloth and the napkins were zebra print and nicely done center pieces....even the ceiling was lined in flowing fabrics and again 2 bars set up inside, one for beer and wine the other for other cocktails and champagne.After the salads, we were brought a full dish with a fabulous, tender beef with gravy/sauce (we're still not sure exactly what it was) and a breadcrumbed salmon, carrots, asparagus, garlic mashed potatoes and a heart shaped thing that may have been polenta?  Everything was very good, my husband said his meal was barely warm, mine was fine - otherwise I would have requested it be heated...But all was very, very good!I've been to a few Lowry Park Zoo events and this is the 2nd that included food and I have to say, as I did in my other food related Zoo event that the food is great.  And you just wouldn't imagine that the Zoo creates these great eats!And for dessert - a spoon shaped cookie partially dipped in chocolate with creme brûlée in/on it with.  You eat the entire thing.  And there was a 1/2 grilled peach with bourbon peach things in the peach center.  Both very very good.I was not aware there was coffee until leaving the Lodge - it was on the other side of the hall from where my table was.  Otherwise I probably would have had some with dessert since it was pretty chilly outside and I knew we would be spending the rest of the night walking outside to different animal exhibits.That's when the Saints and Sinners tours began and the start of the highlights.  The Saints tours were a cleaner version of the Sinners tours - we opted for the Sinners tour.  ;)We started with the elephants, then moved to the pygmy hippos, the to the penguins and somehow got behind on the way to the pigs and ponies and got distracted by the goats - I could not help myself so I pet and fed as many goats as I could!  They were so cute!  These were great fun things in addition to dinner that made this special.That topped of the night with a final call with Sangria, walked through an area with fire pits and finally headed out of the Zoo.  All in all a great event.Definitely something to plan on for a different, fun Valentine's experience.  Definitely worth wearing those heeled boots and doing all the walking.  It's a very neat offering by Lowry Park!  Kudos!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,6/18/2014,85,155,3,5,4>We go here a lot because it is located in the ICOT business center and my son is at Clearwater Ice Arena at least 3 or 4 times a week.When you first walk in you are at the bar and the Sushi Bar is off to the right.  Immediately behind the bar, are tables and booths where you can order off the regular and Sushi menu.  Finally, behind that area is the Hibachi Tables.It's a great place to have a drink while my son is at hockey practice.  The food is great also.  We have tried most of their rolls and they are all very good.  My husband loves the Sashimi dinner - the regular and deluxe version.  Since he has a big appetite, he usually has the Sashimi Deluxe.Service is pretty good fast.  My husband sometimes orders take out as my son is finishing practice and the food is ready to go by the time we get there.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,6/17/2014,139,300,2,9,3>This was my first time to a Korean restaurant and I was not disappointed.  When you enter you have the option of sitting at a normal table or one with a grill built into the center.  I highly suggest you get out of your comfort zone and order some food that you will grill yourself.  Betty and I ordered marinated short ribs and pork.  Both were great in flavor, I would lean towards the short ribs as being more my favorite.  You receive an entire tables worth of traditional Korean condiments, many of them fermented veggies.  This was great as you could create your own lettuce wrap.  We also ordered the kimchi scallion pancake which was large and tasty, but it wouldn't be at the top of my list to order again. Rice Market is not cheap by any means, but I think it's great value for the quality and the experience of feeling like a badass grilling your own meat over searing hot coals.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,6/16/2014,127,240,4,7,4>Quick Summary: What you've got here is the triple threat, deliciously authentic food, very friendly service, and great value. That ladies and gentlemen is truly as good as it gets!My earliest memories of trying spicy thai food, take me back to HS; dining out with a friend and fellow spicy food aficionado, we decided to just go for it. Much to our surprise our initial bites weren't wrought with fire and brimstone; so we continued happily, confident in the levels we had achieved in spice-handling... or whatever.  That was until about five minutes later when it hit us like a stampeding herd of wildebeest with their horns lit on fire! And remember... water only spreads the pain...But I digress... that's how I've always imagined a great thai spice, a slow starter but a knock me out punch when it counts. I haven't had a spice like that until I visited Kombo...I came here on a lazy weekend seeking out some heat, that wasn't from the sun.  First on my menu choice was the Yum Beef Salad and to expand my taste experience I also went with the Drunken Noodles (with pork). I was very impressed with the salad, their fish sauce is great! Nice flavor and well balanced (most other places, it ends up being a mostly vinegary flavor).  The beef was tender and nicely seasoned.  This was the dish that hit me... I was enjoying the flavor just minding myself and then slowly the heat started to burn.... and burn it did!! Sadly all I had to drink was water.... should have gotten that thai iced tea after all!I got the drunken noodles to go and enjoyed them later. Spiciness you'll find lessens with time... haven't figured out why that happens but nonetheless they were very nicely prepared... with good amount of residual heat. I usually find this dish in about 50% of the places I go to and then it's rarely as hot as I would like. You should look up the reason why they're called drunken noodles, quite funny.What really put this locale over the top for me though, was the friendly service. It's a small op where they cook out of the food truck, but they are still full service. I had biked there on this particular day and he asked if I wanted a drink. I was looking for Thai Iced Coffee but they didn't have that (you must try it if you do find it, I love it better than the Thai Iced Tea), so I was like eh I'll just have my water bottle, but the gentlemen was nice enough to bring out to me a glass of iced water. Also I sat around the corner so they came out looking for me to bring me my dishes, instead of just calling out from the truck (which i would have been fine with as well).  Very friendly staff, they checked up on me while I was sitting there and all had a very happy smile on their face, like they were truly happy you were out there enjoying their food. And it was this way for everybody!Overall, loved the food, great value, and a happy staff that loves their job... what is there to criticize... well I did want that Thai Iced Coffee... jk :D
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,6/15/2014,69,88,2,3,3>I went here for the first time for the valentines lap dance class. At first I had a hard time finding it, but it's in one of those warehouse huge storage looking places. When I went inside it was really cute, pink, girly and welcoming even though its a pole fitness place. They have 2 main rooms and they even have a good selection of stripper shoes for rent.Our class started on time and the instructor began to show us the moves. I liked that the lighting was perfect and we all felt comfortable. We learned a routine that was pretty basic.  A lot of pops, bounces, seductive moves and even a chair trick that will probably be an epic fail if I ever attempt it. My only con was that the routine was to Britney Spears Toxic, and I like to listen to certain music when I'm doing stuff like this I like Usher, Ciara, Beyonce etc. The routine was good, basic, but just what we needed to spice things up that weekend at home. I would have to take another class to see how I really feel about this place.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,6/14/2014,88,115,2,7,2>The food is awesome! We had the half baked chicken, Harlem Fried dark meat chicken & waffles, candied yams, potato salad (garlic mashed potatoes sold out by 3pm!) and corn bread.The chicken was super moist & flavorful! Corn bread warm, crispy & yummy. Candied yams were like dessert. Potato salad fluffy & creamy. I'm not a fan of waffles but these were perfect with the chicken. People next to us raved about the chicken lovers & sweet potato pie. We were too stuffed to try.The location is very pretty. We sat at the bar. The bartender is friendly but not yet into the job. Took a while for him to even acknowledge us, I had to got to hostess to ask for menu, didn't ask if we wanted desert...basic stuff but he should get on the ball if he wants to stay here.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,6/13/2014,225,169,4,9,4>The Yelpers got it right once again. If you haven't been here you are missing out. I was a bit skeptical at first, but decided to finally try them out for date night to catch 12 years a slave, great flick btw... The quality of the food was better than anticipated. Ordered the following: cappuccino & mochaccino (fantastic. as good, if not better than the one at your local starbucks), Chicken Parm, margharita pizza, calamari as an appetizer, and Gorgonzola salad with honey mustard dressing. All was restaurant quality, very tasty. Our appetizer came out unusually late, not sure what went down. I would categorize Villagio on a scale of 1-10 as follows: The seats: 7.5, yes they are pretty comfortable, but compared to other cinemas with reclining seating, it's not the best of the best, they could use a bit more of a recline, also wish the seats were a bit longer for taller customers. The theater: 8.5, like most theaters, some auditoriums are bigger than others. nothing to brag about, comparable to other popular cinemas. The food: 9, so far everything I've ordered has been great, especially the pizza. Well priced. Reason enough to visit villagio on a Friday night. The service: 7.5, service is not bad, just not great, can be hit or miss. sometimes the workers seem out of sync. almost feels like opening day. Wish there was a way to have the waiter come by to pick up your plates after you finish. with all the lights out during the movie, i can see someone spilling food. it's an accident waiting to happen.Overall: 8, been here more than once, found it a bit surprising they would show a highly anticipated flick on it's premiere in one of their smallest auditoriums on prime time. Also, the films don't stay out for long, some movies I've seen last maybe a month. Anyway, They add 17% gratuity on the spot, considering the high price of going to the movies these days it's still a good value. Villagio is a home run, but you can't help but feel, it could be a grand slam. All in all, despite the flaws. It's a fun experience, worth coming back.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,11/8/2012,49,63,2,2,5>Ate dinner here with my husband last week and really enjoyed the food!  We were staying at the Tradewinds Island Grand resort (check out my Yelp review!) and felt like going off-resort for dinner.  Beachwood was just a short walk down Gulf Blvd (or down the beach!) from the hotel and it was a lovely evening for a walk.  The menu included several different preparations of ribs, BBQ brisket, pulled pork and chicken, sandwiches and burgers.  Prices seemed a little on the expensive side for barbecue and burgers but not outlandish.  I ordered the Texas Brisket (combination of lean and moist meat) with tater tots and collard greens:  the meat was flavorful and the tots were crispy, the collards were, (predictably) soggy and overly vinagered for my taste.  I used some of their house BBQ sauce for dipping and it was decent - a little sweet, a little smokey, a little spicy.  My husband had the half-rack of Kansas City baby back ribs with sweet potato fries and brussels sprouts.  His ribs were AWESOME:  super meaty and fall-off-the-bone tender.  The sweet potato fries were very good and similar to my collards, my husbands brussels sprouts were way overcooked and mostly tasted like bacon, as you would expect at a BBQ joint such as this.  Other things worth noting:  the restaurant is very casual and has this unique hipster/minimalist feel to the decor.  When we went there (around 7 pm on a Thursday night) the restaurant was 2/3 empty but heads up, parking may be an issue if you drive here, the lot was full and we saw several cars circling the lot looking for a parking spot.  It's located in a cute little hotel which we explored a bit and would definitely consider staying at the next time we want to get away to the beach for a night.  Beachwood was a solid 4-star BBQ experience and I have no doubt we'll return next time my husband gets a craving for ribs at the beach!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,11/7/2012,237,274,4,6,5>I'm an egg slut and absolutely love breakfast food, so when I heard about this place I knew I had to try it. Pach's reminds me of those great small-town, local diners where you can sit at the counter or grab a table... either way it's first come, first serve, so plan appropriately (especially on the weekends). This low-priced diner has awesome and friendly service. They also serve lunch, but it seems that more people come for the breakfast than anything else.They have all of the breakfast classics like Eggs Benedict, Country Fried Steak, Steak & Eggs, omelettes and side favorites like grits, pancakes, waffles, french toast. The Eggs Benedict and Country Fried Steak  were ordered during my last visit. The Eggs Benedict came with a side of home fries, which were essentially chunks of potato cooked on the griddle... not as much crispy-ness as you would expect for home fries, mostly because they're not deep-fried like a lot of places often prepare them. The Eggs Benedict had a liberal amount of hollandaise sauce so you can get a little bit of the sauce with every single bite. For the Country Fried Steak sides, I ordered grits and pancakes. The eggs for both dishes had perfectly runny yolks. The large Country Fried Steak was perfectly fried with a heavy dose of delicious sausage gravy and the grits had a nice, creamy texture. The pancakes were just a touch on the dense side, so they didn't really excite me as much as pancakes normally do but they still tasted okay.All of that food for about $12+tip. Are you kidding me?! Undoubtedly one of the best breakfast deals in Tampa. A large, hearty breakfast for around $6/person. You can't beat that... love this place.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,11/5/2012,54,274,1,16,5>UPDATED REVIEW FROM 7/4/12: This restaurant recently had a fire and now it's back open and has been completely remodeled. It's really nice and clean and a HUGE improvement from the former space! But you do not go here for the decor or the service (which can be spotty). You go here for the food. This is the best, most authentic (for Tampa) Middle Eastern food you will find in the region. If you are from Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Turkey, etc. you will greatly appreciate this food. The kufta kebab and chicken kebab are to die for. They are famous for their garlic sauce, which is indeed sublime.The basmati rice is very good, although I dunno why they make it yellow. The hummus is super tangy and smooth. The soups are great. I could eat this food every day and never get sick of it.Trust me. Go here. Order the chicken kebab platter with basmati and salad. Get a side of hummus. Ask for extra garlic sauce. You will not believe how delicious the food is.One of my fave restaurants in the bay area, and I am not Middle Eastern by any stretch of the imagination. By the way, if you are from Iran, I highly recommend trying Ruby Cafe on Kennedy Blvd in South Tampa for strictly Iranian food.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,11/4/2012,25,137,2,2,2>From the instant I walked into this place, I felt very welcome and valued as a customer. I can't recall ever having such a superb experience in terms of customer service. Michael is so friendly, he makes you want to go back just b/c he's so awesome! And of course the food is amazing too. Very awesome menu with something for everyone. The atmosphere is nice and quiet and relaxing. Would be great to take a date. The decor almost has a coffee house feel to it. Very clean. Thanks for an awesome dinner!----------------------------------------------Update: The owner of this restaurant is the nicest, funniest person ever! You absolutely must follow them on facebook. His posts will make you laugh until you cry. And best of all he offers some sort of promotion almost daily, and it's always something very creative and FUN. The CREPES are to die for. So is the chicken piccata. Enjoy!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,11/2/2012,143,169,2,4,4>I had the opportunity to attend a food bloggers' conference at International Mall back in September.  One of the events at the conference was to attend a demonstration and tasting at Pelagia Trattoria.  We all watched as Chef Daniel made veal ravioli and berry panna cotta.  We came back and second and then a third time and have always had a great experience.  A dish to try would be their Crispy Pan-Seared Chicken Breast.  The title says it all: CRISPY.  It was amazing crispy.  In fact, I don't think I've ever had chicken that was so juicy and so crispy all at the same time.  Side note: Pelagia can be a little difficult to find- in fact, before the conference, I didn't even know it existed! Luckily it does because it's so good!  Find them in the first floor of the Renaissance Hotel, right off of and downstairs from the outdoor courtyard.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,11/1/2012,63,147,2,5,2>Kabob! Kabob! Kabob!  Let Ruby Cafe and their Kabob take you on a journey of the persian delight.  This small tucked away place,  is a haven for lovers of Kabob and numerous other authentic dishes, made to order.   Ruby delivers on its promise of "great and authentic Persian food made by Persians for all guests".Start with their Hummus - their serving is a extremely well balanced of taste and consistency without any overwhelming taste of tahini or tartness.  Move to the E-Shirazi a very unique salad of Onion, Cucumber, Tomato, and Mint.  Yes mint.  The marinade of sort keeps the mint well balanced to the overall taste and adds a great finish to this light yet delicious salad.  For the Kabob lover -  the Soltani is a MUST MUST have.  the marinated mesquite broiled skewered beef tenderloin is finger-licking moist with the most perfect balance of persian aroma.  Pair this with Baghali Polo (rice with lima beans) or Plain rice or Pita, and you will find yourself ordering a second serving.  The Lamb Shank is another heavenly dish at Ruby.  The perfectly  tender and aromatic mean falls off the bone with your fork paired with rice is an explosion of taste for your mouth.   The Ghormeh Sabzi (Slowly cooked cubes of beef, greens, red beans, and dried persian lemon) although very tasty may not be for the first timer of persian food.  The taste and aromas are a tab bit strong - authentic to its persian preparation.   Definitely a share and try item for new comers to this cuisine.Ruby Cafe doesn't have any high class ambiance,  with an open layout of small number of tables and open kitchen,  Ruby doen't cater to the crowd hunting for romantic ambiance.  Ruby does surpass in its serving of superb persian food that leaves you wanting more each time.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,10/31/2012,98,160,4,6,4>Was completely turned off by the sign claiming "Best Thai in Tampa Bay" for about a year of living 5 blocks down from this joint. Finally, I decided to give it a shot.We ate in, just to check out the place. It was quaint. There was a buffet by our table, I figured that is where all their lunch reviews came from.  Not fancy by any means, so don't feel pressured to get dressed up. Dinner was a bit more pricey than the lunch reviews show. They did not offer a Nigori, just the usual hot sake. No big deal. We started out with the fresh spring rolls. Their peanut sauce is fantastic.  The sweet chili sauce is not the same as all the other restaurants use. Its a bit more to the sweet than to the chili. I ordered the red curry hot which was very good and just spicy enough, but what made me fall in love with this place was the Prik Khing ordered by my date. Get it Thai hot. Absolutely delicious. I often crave it like a pregnant woman. This is definitely the best Thai place I've been in Tampa. If you know better, please let me know.  If they had delivery, I would eat Thai at least once a week. BTW: Skip the Sampler Platter. Everything is fried, and the only descent thing in there are the curry puffs.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,10/30/2012,13,27,3,15,3>After almost 17 years living in the vicinity, I stopped in here today for the first time!  I was crushed when I went to the Saturday Morning (summer) market and found out it was canceled-- my dreams of a scrumptious blueberry scone dashed.  My wife suggested "that German place on 4th Street," so off I went in search.Holy cow- 17 years wasted, well almost; the ever reliable St. Pete Bagel is nearby. Cafe Mozart has danish galore, half a dozen kinds of strudel, some coffee cakes, croissants, cookies, pumpernickel, etc. There was a line, but the sole woman behind the counter was quick and efficient, most people know what they want (though it can be hard to choose), and nothing requires much preparation (except loaves of bread to be sliced).  I didn't wait long, and snagged a cheese & mixed fruit danish, a hazelnut cruller-y type thing, and a sandwich.I was expecting to pay about $10-12, as danish like these sell for an outrageous $3.50-4 at the Market, plus a sandwich. But no, she said $5.69. WHAT?!  I paid and fled, afraid they'd undercharged me.  For stuff this tasty and fresh, this place is a bargain!The pre-made sandwiches are simple and delicious snacks.  They had ham, salami (seemed the most popular), veal, and turkey.  I got veal, which comes with a thin slice of cheese, pickles, and (real) butter, on a kaiser roll.  Not huge, but damn tasty..  And three items like this for under $6- I'm still amazed.I didn't try their coffee, as I had a thermos full of my home brew.  The place is tiny, with just a few small tables, but it seemed fairly peaceful, for a Saturday late morning.  I'm glad I finally "discovered" Cafe Mozart, and I will definitely be back, repeatedly.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,10/28/2012,159,114,4,7,4>The S.O. and I ventured out of our usual comfort zone to head over to South Tampa to try Datz. So many of my friends have eaten and given rave reviews for this trendy diner and it was on my must try list.Note: There are only a couple of spots up front, but a designated lot for parking is behind the restaurant down the side street. When we arrived at 7:30p on a Friday evening, I was pleasantly surprised to find no line at the door. We were asked if we'd be ok to sit upstairs - and we were fine with upstairs since downstairs did have a short wait. On the way up we inquired to our seating hostess as to why we wouldn't be ok with upstairs - she said some people just don't prefer it, and left it at that. We found out why. Once we were up there, it can be a little loud and hard to have a conversation. I like the decor and vibe that Datz is going for, however, upstairs needs just a teeny bit more light. The newspaper style menus and the insane amount of menu options are nice. We ordered beers to drink - the Datz brew is quite tasty and a fair price; and a Sam Adams Double Pumpkin which was quite a bit more. The accompanying water was never empty thanks to our personal carrafe. Nice touch!Anything with truffle is a do for me, enter Black Truffle Fries appetizer. Very tasty and annihilated within minutes!For my entree, I went with the Waffles N Tweet. I am in love with this dish. Warning: It is enough to feed three people!!! The jalapeno maple syrup has just the right amount of kick to it and the chicken is juicy. The cheddar waffle is savory - balancing the syrup quite nicely. It is a delicious bite when combining all three in one forkful. I was only able to eat 2 of the 6 tenders, taking quite a large box of food home. The entree also comes with a sauteed spinach that had a very bold flavor that I couldn't quite pick out, but it was a bit too oily for me. The S.O ordered Ty's Two Fister sandwich - the housemade chips were great, and the sandwich was huge. This was the first time I've ever seen him take to-go!Thanks to the Yelp check in - we received a complimentary serving of Gelato from the case downstairs. I chose Bacio (hazlenut /chocolate) flavor - it was so creamy and hit the sweet tooth!Overall, we dined for about $60 with tip. Our server was great - his name tag (Curtis) was hand made/colored - which we thought was a great get personal creative tool for the servers.I would definitely return if I'm craving my dish or if I'm in the area!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,10/27/2012,151,511,3,11,3>The Oxford Exchange is a new mixed retail space across from UT off of Kennedy. They have a tea bar by TeBella, a coffee bar by Buddy Brew, a bookstore, a home goods store, and a restaurant. They also will serve high tea! I went yesterday for the soft opening, and the space is amazing. I had checked it out in it's transformation stage because they will also host events, and we were considering it for our wedding. Unfortunately, the space is too small for our party and we didn't like the L shape of the space cutting the dance floor off of the dining area. However, I would love to rent it out one day for a smaller party because this place is amazing. They didn't miss one detail- even the bathrooms are gorgeous!Yesterday, I had a club sandwich that tasted what I imagine it would taste like if Ina Garten had made it for me- soft bread, crunchy bacon, tart green tomatoes, creamy avocado, and tasty turkey. It was not plain jane at all!I am just too excited for them to finally open, and I will definitely be one of their regulars! Go check it out!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,7/12/2012,91,204,3,6,3>I'm all about a salad bar and while this is not as extensive a spread as Sweet Tomatoes (the Mecca of salad bars) and maybe a quarter or two more pricey (you pay by the weight), it was pretty good.  There were many fresh looking options, lots of bean salads, chicken and tuna were available, and fresh avocado that was cut fresh as it was picked up so it wouldn't brown. I appreciate the ample toppings as well, lots of different kinds of nuts, seeds, and a good selection of dressings. This place is tucked away downtown and has never been crowded when I've been there.  The owners are continually changing out the salad bar with fresh options and I've never had a piece of rotten lettuce (blech ugh gross).  The inside isn't very charming but for a healthy lunch, it's worth the walk from Tampa St.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,7/11/2012,10,72,2,4,2>Visiting friends in Tampa and they wanted to bring me here to satisfy my Thai addiction.  The place is super cute with nice Thai decorations and a fabulous fish tank.  Curry Puffs are something I must have at any Thai restaurant that has them on their menu.  Royal Palace has this tasty treat, so I tried them.  They are fried in wonton wrappers, I prefer spring roll wrappers, but they were mighty good!  The vegetarian spring rolls were average, tasting like any other spring roll.  Their Pad Thai was a small portion, priced right and tasted really good too.  The order comes with chicken and shrimp for only $10.95, not bad at all.  My friend ordered the Super Roll and said it was really fresh, she would order it again for sure.  We ordered only water for beverages and the staff was always on top of keeping them full, which is a good thing when enjoying Thai with hot sauce!  The prices are decent and the food is really good, try it if you're in the area!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,7/10/2012,39,43,1,5,2>This is hands down my favorite place in Ybor.  When we first walked in, we were seated in a very comfortable lounge area.  The service here is unbelievable! I have been to multiple hookah bars in the past but our server that night sat down with us and explained the different types of hookah and drinks that they had and was so nice and informative! Sadly, I cannot remember the names of any of the hookahs we smoked but the two that we had were amazing! In addition, the drinks were out of this world.  So different then your average bar drinks.  And they were two for one which was also a plus! My Bill and his friend had their trademark beer and said that it was one of the better beers they have tasted (and my Bill is picky when it comes to beer!)My favorite part about this place is that it is so chill and relaxed and makes you forget about all the craziness that is surrounding you outside of the Zoya lounge in Ybor.  I highly recommend this place to anyone - you will not be disappointed.  Just two tips - if you smoke cigarettes in addition to the hookah, it can only be done up at the bar.  And, when you initially get your hookah you will be given a bowl of liquid.  I was a little confused by this at first because I have never got this before at our hookah bars but it is to blow bubbles with the smoke!!!!! So fun! :)
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,7/9/2012,88,148,1,6,4>Okay, I have to give it 4 star in this update review. By Yelp's rating, 'I am a fan' is considered 4 star, and we eat at this restaurant almost once every week. Despite its higher than average cost, we decided we like it and it worth money for good Thai food, even if there are only handful authentic Thai dishes. Yes, I am a fan.I particularly like their Thai soup. Tom Yum shrimp and Tom Kha chicken are my favorite. By far, it is the most authentic Thai soup we tried since we left Asia. We can handle Thai hot and it taste great. Salads are served in large portion. I am currently addicted to Yum Woon Sen, a clear glass noodle mixed with minced chicken and greens. It is enough for two person to share. Flavor is refreshing. Not authentic enough but great taste. Sizzling plates are fun to order for two people to share. Price is bit of outrages (19 to 33 dollars). However, the variety home made curry sauce keep these dishes interesting. Rest of the menu are as same as other Thai restaurants in the area. Curry, Noodle, Rice (price rage from 12 to 21dollar). I didn't care to order these dishes since I can't tell difference between these and Chinese takeout. But their noodle does stand out. It is one of the popular dish here.They also provide chef specials. Of course, price is higher than their regular dishes but the large portion and good flavor are worthy. They have a lot of take-out business. Usually, your dishes will be ready in 15 to 20 minutes. Lunch sets are 20% cheaper. Service is always friendly.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,7/8/2012,15,86,3,3,3>La Yucateca - Food from the Yucatan peninsula. My wife and I ordered six hard shell beef tacos. Six tacos, and two drinks came to $11.00. Now, I've never had them done this way, they take flour tortilla's, and fry them. They are crunchy, and delicious. (kind of like a tortilla bowl you might get a taco salad in, but not that crumbly) Dollar Taco days on Tuesday, and Thursday. The staff are friendly and quick!Yay for the little taco truck!!!Next time, I try the burritos.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,7/7/2012,55,50,1,3,3>The ambiance of Sophie's is definitely the best part. The people there are super friendly and cute and they decorate their place super friendly and cute. I love all their drink options, although I usually go for a tea when I'm there. I tend to stay awhile because it's so comfortable there so if I start with the coffee it's not a good idea. One of my favorite things to do besides study at Sophie's is go there after the hyde park farmer's market. Even though it gets kind of crazy in there the staff does a great job of getting your food out on time. We like to bring our dog and sit outside on the patio. My only qualm is that I wish the menu was bigger and that they had healthier options (such as whole wheat bread). I always get the make your own omelet or the soup when I go and I wish there were other options!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,7/6/2012,289,123,1,4,3>I have been to Love's several times, especially since I live only a few miles away. I have always had a great meal and excellent service. I really love the eclectic decor and the funky vibe. On my first visit, I sampled several items including shrimp and grits (to die for), fried chicken (best I have had in Tampa Bay), ribs and my favorite menu item, peanut butter stuffed jalapeno poppers. The bartenders at Love's are some of the best in town. Be sure and try their all you can eat Sunday brunch, it's delish!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,7/5/2012,149,551,1,5,4>After a long day and night of flying ~3000 miles, we popped by Saturday afternoon due to a recommendation from my wife's hairdresser. As usual, any time your wife's hairdresser recommends a spot, listen! Don't hesitate...While this place is a bit off the beaten trail, east on Nursery from Belcher, the interior is cool, modern, spacious, and spotless. Our cappuccino and espresso were perfectly made. We also had unique homemade pastries that were flaky, buttery, and yummy. We have no idea what they were but we're confident they are homemade speciality, the recipe originating far from Florida. They also had Stella, Paulaner, Shock Top, and Bud Light (huh?) on tap. There is a sunny patio outside with umbrellas for shade in case you'd like to enjoy the Florida weather. I was truly pleasantly reminded of the cafe culture in eastern Europe...
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,7/4/2012,254,1058,2,4,3>Wow and double wow!!!Fairly new restaurant in a familar location on Dale Mabry north of Waters.Barbeque is excellent with a great variety of smoked meats, fried shrimp and fried catfish. Homemade sides are fabulous - cheese grits, fried okra, collard greens, baked beans, and so on.Food is spot on, served very quickly for extremely fair prices.Restaurant has counter-order / table-delivery service, and also a drive-through window.Well worth the visit!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,7/3/2012,223,130,1,3,2>I think its funny when people bitch that theres no cell reception or wifi in a place! Hey man,why dont you just enjoy the food and company you keep insted of surfing facebook for teen angst ya wanker?lol! get a better service plan,my phone worked so good,i checked in from there! ha!I tried a bunch of stuff cause it looked so good!the suffed mushrooms are fat kid heaven! so good i wanted more.the calamari wasnt the greatest but it wasnt intolerable either.the friend cheese was awesome also,perfect actually and the eggplant parm was life changing!I was actually surprised the check wasnt more.for three of us it was 56 bucks! the service was great. our waitress was wonderful and even though it was during the day and she had to watch the bar also,she didnt let us down at all.it was raining as it had all week and the hostess and management actually gave us an umbrella.how awesome right!the decor is beautiful and I'll be back.We really enjoyed ourselves,thanks guys! :)
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,2/20/2014,125,71,1,8,5>La V isn't your typical run of the mill Vietnamese restaurant in Pinellas County.  It definitely caters to more of the non-Vietnamese customer population in downtown St. Pete and has a menu and location that reflects that.  The dining room is roomy and decorated very modern with a large bar for guests to sit at and enjoy a drink (beer & wine).  The menu is very fusion with a mix of different types of Asian cuisine accenting the typical Vietnamese fare like Bun and Banh Mi.  The service is friendly but can be short staffed at times.  Hands down they have the best Wonton soup I've ever had (Súp Hoành Thánh).  I would recommend this place if you are taking your friends to a Vietnamese restaurant to experience Viet cuisine for the first time. It's a little less sketchy than some of the more hole of the wall joints (that I love) with a more approachable menu for a first timer.  I'd also recommend this restaurant if you're downtown and want Viet or upscale Asian food.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,2/19/2014,54,87,1,11,3>How has it taken me this long to write about Mazzaro's Italian Market? We're here at least once a week, often more to pickup fresh bread and an easy, inexpensive lunch.Mazzaro's is a landmark to locals, but somehow a secret otherwise. Seriously, every travel guide for St. Pete should recommend it. Mazzaro's has:- A vast selection of fine imported cheeses. The greatest variety and quality I've seen anywhere (and we moved here from NY).- A wine room with many imported and domestic varieties, but especially fabulous are the little-known Italian wines that are available. After last summer in Italy, I appreciate that local Italian "table wine" is cheap and amazing. Of course you can buy to take home, but they'll also provide glasses and uncork for you. The husband and I have been known to come in for a focaccia and afternoon drink on their outdoor patio...- An outdoor patio where you can sit to eat/drink any of their wares. Not air conditioned, but they have huge fans running, and complimentary ice water available.- An indoor bar; that's bar in the Italian sense, where you order espresso drinks and sit quickly to sip and have a pastry.- homemade gelato- a bakery, baking fresh breads with traditional Italian recipes EVERY DAY. And it's inexpensive! Get a Tuscan miche, you won't be disappointed. Actually, get anything and you won't be disappointed. It's all so fresh and so good. They sell honey wheat loaves, french and italian baguettes, sourdough, ciabatta, dinner rolls, focaccia, and homemade pizza. This is not the round kind of pizza Americans would typically expect, it's made on a sheet tray, but it's common in Italy, and vey quick and portable for lunch. The bakery also makes fresh pastries, cakes, cookies, and so much more. I would highly recommend to everyone who goes to Mazzaro's to try their biscotti. It is the best I have had EVER. In the world. It is the perfect texture, not too sweet, and comes in many varieties. My favorite is the Anise biscotti, though I understand it's an acquired taste. The biscotti is dairy-free (rejoice!) for any lactose-intolerant friends. And there is one Gluten-Free item, a chocolate... bomb? Chocolate thing. It's all chocolate. I remember it being great, just not what it's called. Canoli's are delicious, lots of cinnamon in the pastry shell, though not freshly filled. My husband has ordered a few of their non-Italian items, cupcakes, scones. All have been edible, but I give you this advice- you're in an ITALIAN market. They're good at what they know, stick to the specialties.- a deli and fresh pasta counter, where you can get as little or as much fine sliced meat as you like, and fresh homemade pastas in many varieties.- a sandwich counter, where you can order one of their menu staples, a daily special panini or soup, or some by the pound house-made salads and prepared foods. For those in a hurry there is also a fridge here with packaged selections. The sandwiches are always so fresh, stuffed full, and a fabulous value for lunch or an early dinner ($5 for Italian Turkey sub? Yes please.) They are also very patient with my "customizations" ie. adding extra Italian Slaw to ALL THINGS.- a fresh produce area, stocked full of all the staples and then some. Prices are competitive, and it is totally feasible to do your regular shop here.- a coffee bar where you can pour your own freshly brewed java to go, or pickup some of their roasted beans in many flavors and varieties.- a grocery/market area, full of many specialty items, as well as stocking the standards, and some small italian appliances like Bialetti coffee pots and their replacement parts. Highly recommended: Buy your olive oil here. Mazzaro's has a special house blend that is incredibly delicious and affordable. We had a chance to speak with the merchant who sources it and they worked for a while to get the right flavor. It is an amazing value, and the best tasting oil I've purchased in the states.- a Meat and fish counter that stocks an impressive selection, with knowledgeable butchers.Notice a trend of the words "fresh" "homemade" and "specialty"? Mazzaro's is doing it right across the board by stocking high quality products, and using those to prepare spectacular food in house, from scratch, using traditional recipes and methods.Mazzaro's is NOT A RESTAURANT. The other day I was having lunch, a lady and her friend walk up to the bar and ask "is this where I order?" The barista said he could offer espresso drinks and they could sit there to eat/drink anything from the store, but sandwiches had to be ordered and picked up at the sandwich counter. The woman scowled rudely and walked away. ??? The place packs a lot in, but it is easily laid out and by no means a warehouse. The sandwich counter is maybe 20 ft. from the bar. Maybe she was expecting a full service, sit down meal? It's not complicated- pickup your stuff and ENJOY. Mazzaro's is the greatest.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,2/18/2014,72,148,,5,4>Hyde Park is such a great area just off the bay. Great for walking around and very historical homes to see. So many events, great family and pet friendly activities and amazing places to eat, drink and be merry! Whatever your flavor so if your in the mood for an evenin out with the girls there's a great wine exchange. How about taking the Kidd chocolate at Ashworth or the pup out for a new toy or treat, this place has it all. You could go for coffee at Indigo yum! Maybe a night out for a game or good brew... try Irish 31! There's a really great restaurant for a date night called Timpanos that so amazing the menu there has steaks, pastas and of course tasty wine! The shopping is plenty for men woman and children. There's also a toy store I you need a fun gift for a birthday party! Plenty of live bands come in on the weekends and the fall season is a great time to visit and spend a nice evening sitting on one of the many patios. Enjoy!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,2/17/2014,65,344,2,8,4>Gorgeous hotel and restaurant with a lot of potential.We had dinner there, and as the restaurant only just opened, it is still a little rough around the edges.  We were seated at a table without napkins, servers often brought food meant for the next table, we ordered a bottle of wine and were instead served two glasses.That being said, this restaurant is likely to become something big and great.  The food is excellent and very reasonably priced.  The wine list right now is modest (the most expensive red on the current menu is a 2010 Chateau Montelena for only $75), but I have been told that the restaurant will eventually be serving some bottles from the famed Bern's cellar.  And the management seems attentive and dedicated.We were debating between two different wines (the Chateau Montelena vs the Medlock Ames), and so the server kindly brought us tastes of both so that we could make a better decision.  How great is that?We started with the cheese plate.  I loved the selections given.  We then shared the pork belly.  I thought the flavors of the dish were great (loved the sourness to offset the rich meat) but thought the actual pork belly was a tad overcooked.For our main courses, I had the Homage to Berns (pressed steak sandwich, onion rings), and my husband had the hangar steak.  Wow, was that steak good.  It came with a generous amount of bone marrow (so rich and good).We did not try dessert (we were too full at that point), but the list looked very tempting.I look forward to returning when the gears of the restaurant are running more smoothly.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,2/16/2014,98,124,4,7,3>My husband and I went to the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino this weekend, and while we have frequented the casino many a time, rarely if ever that I can recall, had we eaten there. This past weekend my husband wanted to eat at The Green Room. I wasn't impressed while looking at the menu, but looks are deceiving, folks. The restaurant reminded me of a modern, clean, and tasty Denny's. That may sound like an insult, but I promise it is not!  Menu was comfort food, and breakfast eats. We shared the buffalo chicken dip, with tortilla chips, and a cobb salad. Both were very good! Usually when we share a salad, no one ever brings us two plates, to split the meal {that's okay, we're married. We *kind of* like each other and don't mind sharing off the same plate}, so I was pleasantly surprised that while we didn't ask for two plates, the server heard us mention it. So obviously I think the service was great, and food came fast. Are there nicer spots to dine? Duh. But if you're wanting something sit down, tasty, and good, try The Green Room.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,2/15/2014,151,511,2,5,3>A+ for presentation and originality. Feels like it could make it in a big city but chose us instead. How special are we?Pricey juices but they have a recycling program like Fruitwood Standup Market.  $0.50 back per bottle returned to them. Unlike FSM though, they've started a punch card for the juices (excluding juice teas). It would be nice it they offered smaller sizes of the juices though (like FSM does). $8-9 per bottle is pretty steep. The Kale Quinoa Salad has a lot of good flavor. Not too sweet, not bland at all. Plus it's main ingredients are two amazing-for-you foods!The Market Slaw is lightly dressed and super crunchy. Apples, cabbage, carrots- great stuff!I just wish they had more veggie/vegan sandwich offerings. I will definitely return though.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,2/14/2014,190,109,,7,3>This is not your average bar. Although you can grab some of the traditional pub foods like wings and burgers, I love the NOLA inspired creole and cajun options they offer on the updated menu. The owner Norman Haney is a great cook, who has always had a love for creole and cajun food. I am so glad he incorporated some of his recipes on the menu at Tampa Tap Room. Over several visits to the restaurant I have sampled some of it all. The burgers are great and award winning in fact. The wings are pretty good too. Both of which are nightly specials during different days in the week. But I will say that I go to Tampa Tap Room for po boys, red beans and rice, etouffee, gumbo and other Louisiana options like this.Not only is the food good but this place is a local bar, so this is truly  a place where the staff makes you feel at home and comfortable. Its a perfect place for sports fanatics to watch a game, grab a beer, and get a bite to eat.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,2/13/2014,46,128,3,6,5>The Real Deal sandwich was so good, I'm afraid to try anything else.I am a vegetarian, and while I do good to eat my fair share of fruits and veggies per day, I balk away from raw cooking. The idea of it seems so excessive to me when I already make an effort to eat healthy. However, I still wanted to give it a try. A meat-eater friend of mine recommended the Real Deal sandwich because he was completely blown away. I was also blown away! Raw cashew hummus, greens, guacamole and cherry tomatoes served on homemade raw onion bread. Absolutely delicious! I would love to eat a Leafy Greens more often, but their spendy prices make it a once in a while occasion - understandably because of the effort of cooking raw. Thankfully, The Real Deal sandwich is one of the more reasonable priced items! Definitely give it a try!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,2/12/2014,110,75,,6,4>Michelle has an amazing studio and I highly recommend each and every one of her spinning instructors.  Not only do they offer the best in sound and video quality I've experienced in a cycling facility, but the instructors bring something amazing to each one of their classes.  Each instructor is different and has their own personality, music and style that they bring to the bike.  A superb online reservation system allows members and non members to select and reserve their exact seat for their upcoming spinning classes.  Michelle is notorious for being active in the community with fundraisers and charity events.  There are often charity rides at the studio that are a lot of fun and offer several hours of sweating for those that enjoy that kind of torture (I kid).  I highly recommend this studio.  I just wish I lived closer.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,2/11/2014,79,271,3,8,5>I have to admit, on first drive by of this restaurant, your initial thoughts you should be "wow, that place looks sketchy".  But, if you can get past the bullet holes (yes, multiple) on the front windows, it's actually quite a find.The waitstaff is super friendly.  And patient to the english-speaking crowd.  They have fantastic lunch specials- $5.50 for a plate of tacos, enchiladas, chimichangas, or taco salad.  The enchiladas were delicious- and came with sour cream, guac, rice and beans.  My friend had a $4 margarita that I salivated over all lunch (I had to go to work so I settled on a diet coke).  He got a classic one, but they had several different flavors including mango and strawberry.  Our meal total (margarita and soda included) came to $17.  I am a fan of taco bus- but I'm pretty sure the prices can't compare to these deals.I look forward to more visits to Garibaldi once I move to the area!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,5/18/2013,99,209,,10,5>Situated behind Kellogg's Kennell and Grooming, customers are bound to find themselves with whiplash from turning their heads to and fro in amazement of all the wonderful vegetables and berries growing here.  Park your car, grab a basket and scissors and you my friend are off.  Off into a bewildering maze of aisles and aisles of hydroponic strawberries, tomatoes, peppers, mustad and collard greens, broccoli, brussel sprouts, snow peas, and other seasonal veggies.  A great and inexpensive way to spend an hour or so, teach the kids about growing vegetables and fruit, and instill a lifetime of healthy eating.  Kids (and adults) can even sample the fare while snipping your favorite hot peppers, eggplant, and cauliflower into your basket.  Such fun.  YELP !!!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,5/17/2013,107,261,,3,4>Visit time/day: weekday dinner Atmosphere: casual, neighborhood, family oriented, Italian, baseball themed Capogna's Dugout reminds me of restaurants I used to go to in the 1970's with my parents when I was a kid. It's a neighborhood restaurant where the staff is really friendly (you feel like you 'know them' after the first visit and they remember you on your 2nd visit), the atmosphere is casual and unassuming, and they serve decent unpretentious food (spaghetti, pizza, hamburgers, hoagies, etc.). There's always a diverse crowd there - seniors, families with kids, construction guys, hipsters, big groups of the 40-50 year age demographic having drinks. I have visited about 5 times now, always on Tuesday evenings for Trivia Night. This is a hot spot for Tuesday trivia - same regulars every week, huge groups, and very competitive. And they have food and drink specials specifically for guests playing trivia (1/2 off appetizers, $4 off large pizzas, beer specials, etc.). I've tried several different items on their menu - hamburgers, pizza, cheese steak hoagies, chicken parmesan hoagies, meatball hoagies, fries, fried mushrooms, bread sticks, etc. Everything is solid - not breaking any culinary boundaries, just good food. I will say their meat sauce seems exceptional. I've had it with appetizers and it is old school delicious, however I'm never in the mood for spaghetti when we're there. I'm looking forward to that night when I am in the mood for pasta!I recommend Capogna's Dugout. It's perfect for those nights where you want a comforting family owned neighborhood restaurant experience.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,5/16/2013,32,93,2,4,4>BREAKFAST ........... best part of the day when you start out at Mamas.  Okay who can mess up breakfast really (although I have had it happen) but not here. I got the early bird special, which is a choice of 3 pancakes or/ french toast , eggs and bacon or sausage. I got the french toast and bacon. YUMMMMM is all I can say. Their portions are very generous on large plates I have never left hungry. We ate dinner here last night and the booth behind us ordered breakfast. I over heard the gentleman explain the french toast was the best.  Then I woke up this morning smelling the french toast from the night before and had to go back. I was not disappointed ...... have I found a neighborhood favorite spot for breakfast, lunch and dinner??!! I think so.The dinner which was also fantastic and huge ( I had the pot roast and took 2/3 home I could not eat all of it. and it too was delicious) try this place out I know you will be back.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,5/15/2013,91,204,3,4,3>A vegan steps into a BBQ and actually finds something to eat.  And gives it 5 starts.  What's the deal?  It's a veggie miracle.  That's what.  Not really, what I ate wasn't that exciting but my husband loooooves BBQ and I am an awesome wife so I have to go with him pretty frequently.  Normally I eat french fries and a salad.  But Pit Boss was something to actually review.  Of course I ordered their house salad (doubled without cheese) and a side order of fries.  Same ol' same ol'.  Booooooooring.  But the salad was big with lots of fresh fresh fresh and crunchy veggies.  No brown lettuce at all, this was piled high with carrots, green and red peppers, red tomatoes, cabbage, it was just good.  House salads are a mixed bag at barbeque places.  They aren't exactly famous for thier greens.  Unless said greens are cooked in bacon.  And I wasn't having any of that.  Next we have the french fries.  On their own, nothing to say here.  But with their sauce?  Oh. My. Lord.  Can I get Pit Boss Barbeque Sauce in a to go cup with a straw please?  I could put this on anything.  Who am I kidding.  I did.  In my salad, on my fries and on my okra.  It was so good.  Best sauce I've ever had.  I didn't check if it was vegan.  I didn't even want to know the bad news if it was.  We came on a Friday night that was busy.  We were told a 30 minute wait and were called in by the 10 minute mark.  They didn't even care that our entire party wasn't there.  The waitress was great, really nice and the food came out quick.  The night was flawless.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,5/14/2013,49,124,,6,3>Came here on the day after they opened and it was SUPER crowded, yet I did not have to wait for more than a minute when paying and when picking up my sandwich! Built for efficiency with fresh, delicious hoagies. Plenty of touchscreens where you can order food from... Wawa is brilliant and makes all of their stores super efficient. Basically what happens is you walk in, place your custom-made order into their touch screens. Then, it prints a receipt out for you, which you take to the register and pay. Then you pick your order up at the food station once you've paid... this really cuts down on the waiting time because rather than waiting for your food to get made and then waiting to pay, you usually only have to wait to pay (which, at Wawa, is usuallly a minimal wait), and then by the time you're done paying, your food will be ready! It's so smart and efficient! I don't know why not everyplace does it like this. Still had free coffee too when I went, and they were giving out free samples of the sweet cream cheese soft pretzels which I have never had but were AMAZING! Will definitely be going back to Wawa soon to get some more!!! Reasons Why Wawa is the Best:1. Cheap gas2. Store is clean, especially the bathrooms (making it a great rest stop for road trips)3. Friendly workers and great customer service4. Great coffee5. Freshest ingredients make for the best hoagies and you can custom make the hoagies to your satisfaction (blows Subway out of the water)6. Fast and efficient7. They have Icees!8. Open 24/79. No-charge ATM for PNC Bank10. They have the best iced tea around! Try their lemonade tea, peach tea, raspberry tea, and green tea!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,5/13/2013,37,150,2,2,2>I have to say that this is hands down my favorite burger place in Tampa. I should probably qualify that statement with this: I don't eat ground beef. Burger 21 has the best selection of non-ground beef burger options. The toppings/flavors are fantastic. Seafood, chicken, turkey and veggie burger options abound. My favorite is the black bean burger with lettuce, tomato, onion, avocado, tomato aioli, and a touch of  creamy cilantro sauce on a fresh whole grain bun. The flavor of the black bean burger is top notch and it doesn't fall apart when you start to eat it (like some other place's burgers). I drive from South Tampa to enjoy one of these. A low point at Burger 21 for me is their fries. They serve the skinny fries (a la Steak n Shake). I prefer a thicker fry where you can really taste the fresh fried potato as your dipping into one of their sauces from the sauce bar. I do applaud Burger 21 on their condiment bar. All wanted sauces are available for your own sampling. An absolute high point is their milk shake. It will bring all the boys to the yard. My favorite is the chocolate peanut butter. The bananas foster is fabulous too and includes a banana wedge that seems to have been coated in sugar and toasted. Delish. Every month they add a burger of the month and a shake of the month to their menu. Be sure to check these out as they are usually awesome and only around for a short time. The overall vibe of Burger 21 is clean and fun. The staff is young and friendly. The decor is sharp with a tongue in cheek vibe clear by the pictures on the wall and music selections. Overall, a great fast-casual place for a great non-ground beef burger and shake!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,5/12/2013,139,166,,5,1>I'll join the chorus of 5 star reviews for this gem of a restaurant. I will admit that I'm not an expert on German food, but this spot could get me to be one.It's impossible to not be repetitive with other reviews, so I'll be short.Free beer and wine! The following are bottomless (endless) bread with herb spread, coleslaw, french fries, mashed potatoes, sauerkraut, red cabbage, salad, potato salad, dumpling, handmade noodles. Our table of four enjoyed Veal Schnitzel with mushroom gravy, and another with bell pepper and tomato onion gravy, and Chickenshnitzel with lemon. All very, very good! We finished with apple strudel and a chocolate cake. Both deserts had vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. What can't be overlooked here is the warmth and friendliness of all who work here. They make you feel like you're in their home with all the attention you get. Absolutely outstanding. VERY IMPORTANT........ Don't go without calling ahead. Reservations are a must. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,5/11/2013,8,23,2,5,4>I heard a lot of hype about this new British like library, lunch place in Tampa so I had to check it out. I was totally blown away as soon as I walked in the door! I went by myself because I wanted to take in all the things the place had to offer. And man, was I very happy there!! The wait was about 45 mins for 1 person but it was no problem because I was able to look over the stores' lovely (pricey) gift items and also check out the tea selection. I also had time to read a few pages in the library while I waited for my table. Very impressed with the wait staff and they also call you via cell phone when your table is ready, no annoying table buzzer to carry, yeah. The waiter was also very knowledgeable on the teas and the food. I ordered the steak sandwich and it was very good, but THE best part was the side of french fries, they are actually McDonald's french fries!!!! The owner of the Oxford Exchange is the owner of almost all the McD's in the Tampa area. Genius idea to have the best french fries at this place!I also tried the London Fog tea which is steamed in milk instead of water, it was very good. I enjoy tea over coffee so this place was right up my alley. The prices are higher than what I would normally pay for lunch, but I believe it is worth it due to the great atmosphere. Defiantly a place I like to go when I want to feel like I'm on vacation in my hometown.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,5/10/2013,678,183,2,6,3>Hands down, the best Indian food in both the Tampa and Orlando areas. The chef happens to have trained at the Taj Mahal hotel in Mumbai (a pretty big deal), and the food reflects that training. My family and I love whatever dish we have tried here. The food is flavorful, and not lacking in heat. A word of caution to those who think they can take the heat: this place really brings it. I can eat pretty spicy, but the medium spicy is all I can take here! My fav dish is the Madras shrimp, which has coconut (shredded, not milk), and juicy, delicious, shrimp. The chicken tikka masala is also very good.I have yet to try their buffet, but can't wait to do so. This place is pretty expensive, but you will get two meals out of each order, and the quality is worth it.I couldn't take a star off, because the food is that good, but the service is horrendous. There is literally one server, and the owner who service the entire restaurants, including to-go orders. And, it gets pretty busy here. The server is nice when you talk to her, but she doesn't smile much and seems standoffish when she's working. It's obvious she can't handle the job, and I really hope they bring in someone more seasoned. This is one place that makes my mouth water just Yelping about it...
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,5/9/2013,123,234,1,1,1>What an awesome race!Organization was excellent and the quality of the racing was very very good.  In the Paddocks, you could actually talk to the GT racers, and they were all very nice guys.  We got to see the cars up close and my son was invited to sit in the car in two separate shops.  He absolutely loved ir!This was a kid friendly event, there were personnel everywhere for our safety and to ask directions, there was food on every corner, and the vendor displays were fun as well.Our city really "did this right!"Our Experience:  O              "Dad!  This was the greatest race ever!  Awesome!  The Lotus team gave / I \    \ o\       me a hub cover off their race car, and I got to sit in a Cayman race car!  / \      /\  It sure was easy to be a "Dad Hero" today.  And that made me and my son happy!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,1/30/2012,88,148,2,3,3>I have been to a lot of international airports around the world. Some of those are mega size full of restaurants and fancy shopping centers. Ironically, what I remembered the most is walking or running long distance to my gate or just lost my way! Honestly, all I need at an airport is a cup of good coffee and my flight leave on time. What Tampa International Airport offers just as it, a user friendly facility for travelers. Well organized design starts from you entering airport driveway. Red and Blue sign boards separate various airlines to avoid congestions. Ticket counters have plenty self-check-in facilities and helpful staffs on site assist to get your luggages going. Good restaurants and hotels locate on the premises. Parking also well marked and easy accessed. Monorail locates on 5th floor connects you from long or short term parking area to airline terminals. Terminal entrances are divided before you get through security. Full body scanning machine replaced tradition pat down at security check point and only take 3 seconds. After that, you are in your terminal and your gate is just few steps away and you have plenty time grab a coffee or sandwich.The only thing I think the Airport can improve is their art displays. The place is slightly grey and plain, does not match our beautiful sunshine state images! Besides that, it is an awesome airport to start your journey!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/27/2011,1/29/2012,88,289,,6,3>I stopped in after the last Hyde Park Music Series event. The place was packed and they had great live music going on out on the patio.The burger I had was great and yes I would've ordered some fish & chips, but those aren't on the menu. The burger was great and the chips that came with it were excellent. They could've used some seasoning, but hey no problem.Another thing that blew my mind...was a bar with IRISH in the name, only had one cider...and that cider - Woodchuck. Not Magner's...Not Strongbow...but Woodchuck. LAME. I mean it's a IRISH bar folks. Ok, at least they have one cider, but it kind of showed me where the owners are coming from.The bathroom at this place is pretty nice. It was even kept nice on the super busy night I was there. The sink is actually really cool looking, but you do have to touch it to turn it on and off...probably not the best idea at a bar LOL.If you want to watch a game...this place has more TV's per sq foot than anyplace I've seen in Tampa. Nice work there.Will I come back...? I'm sure I'll be back. I'd give them another chance, plus it's a much needed place in Hyde Park.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,1/28/2012,36,110,4,6,6>I am a huge fan of Brew Pub (IE a pub that brews its own beer, and usually serves food) and I have always had in the back of my mind what I thought the perfect Brew Pub. I wasn't sure if I would ever find this place that I had in my mind, but on my most recent trip to Tampa, I have found it. Tampa Bay Brewing Company is located in Ybor City, but it is located on 8th Ave, which I do not considered nearly as busy as 7th. It is impossible to miss, as it is in a huge building right off the street.The first time I went was on Thursday afternoon, which also happened to be St Patrick's Day. The weather helped out for me as it was a perfect 82 and sunny. They had their patio open, which is pretty much right off the street. They also have a full bar right on the patio so that it does not take long to get your drinks. I was there around 2pm so it was not that busy, they had two waitress working the patio which was more then enough to cover it. While each table had their own waitress, the other one would check in if she saw an empty glass or something. Another plus for them was that they obviously knew their beer. To me this is a big must for any brew pub, you have to know what exactly you are serving and be able to give recommendations. Now that all that is out of the way, let get on to the meal. First the food. The first time I went I got a 15th St Burger, which was cooked about perfectly with BBQ Sauce, Bacon, and Smoked Gouda. The fries that came with it were very good as well, and I am not really even a fry person. I went to lunch the next day here as well and got the Cuban, simply because if you ever go to Ybor City you have to get a Cuban(as my sister says, "Tampa is where Cubans are from"(yea doesn't really make since to me either, but still makes the point)), and it did not disappoint.With food out of the way it is time to get to the real reason you should go to TBBC, and that is their beer. When I told the waitress that I was a Pale Ale/IPA fan she of course mention both Old Elephant and the One Night Stand Pale Ale. She also mentioned some of the seasonal brew, mainly the Madhopper American Pale Ale and the new Blackwater Black IPA. I first tried the Madhopper and this thing was awesome, honestly one of the better beers I have had. Next I tried the Blackwater, and this was the first Black IPA that I have ever had. When it came out I even questioned the waitress because it looked like a Stout, which I do not like. She basically explained it to me and said to give it a try. I am glad I did because it was a pleasant surprise. I also tried the One Night Stand Pale Ale, and while it was good it was not as good as the other two.Overall my trip(s) to TBBC were just about perfect and I will certainly be going here next time I return to Tampa.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,1/27/2012,149,551,4,5,4>We held a catered cocktail party for 20, starting in a private room with a wide assortment of heavenly finger food and unobtrusive service, and later moving outside to enjoy cigars and drinks, followed by drinks... Nearly all the clientele were dressed quite up-scale with jackets / cocktail dresses, making me think we had gone through a time warp to an earlier era of gentile behavior. I was brought back to reality by a blotto drunk who unintelligibly and very briefly attempted to hit on a pregnant lady in our party, before staggering off to the bathroom. A short while later, the professional staff escorted him out. His success rate was zero point zero.It's a very nice spot, with a memorable high end scene, suitable for dinner, drinks, private parties, with a rare bit of unique behavior thrown in to keep things interesting!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,1/26/2012,226,334,4,6,4>Be still my beating heart! It has been 3 months since I returned to NYC (which was also my last Korean meal) and I was craving hard for some sundubu jjigae and fried tofu and the collection of banchan just added to my excitement.There were mainly wooden booths inside with a scattered few akward tables for the overflow crowd. The entire layout was like an oval which provided 2 pathways for foot traffic. Service was decent for a small place. My kimchi sundubu jjigae was like comfort food. It hit the spot right away. The DuBu BuChim was different version than I expected though. The beef fried rice and pork spring rolls were great also. There was so many more dishes I wanted to order but there was just no more room in my stomach. Until next time, Sa Ri One!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,1/20/2012,65,600,6,11,6>Here's the thing about Bern's - it is world renown for a pile of reasons, but those reasons are sometimes lost on people who eat primarily at chains or casual dining places. Bern's is about quality and unobtrusive, professional service. The only other places I've had similar dining experiences in Tampa are at the private Tampa or University Clubs.Got a special request? Call ahead and place it, or just wait til you are seated. The menu is not the end but the beginning of what you have to choose from. They age their steaks in the back (make sure you do the kitchen tour if you have never done it - I have, many times over the years) and they have their own organic farm to control where their veggies come from. I have been eating here since the late 1960s when I was a wee tyke. Mom & Dad used to bring us here (in a coat & tie I might add) to have a New Years Eve dinner (early, kid time) then drop us off with grandma so they could go out and do adult NYE kind of stuff. There have been changes over the years - the onion soup comes out in a metal ramekin now, it used to be in a stoneware cup that honestly never cooled. Burned my tongue on that a few times... the wine list seems to have been pared down, it used to be a phone book size affair that one could spend hours considering - it seems updated and manageable these days. The Cameo room remains the same, and last night we ate in the newly refurbished bronze room.Now here's the big/little secret of Bern's: Don't over order. A nice 6 or 8 oz filet is 30-35 bucks and includes baked potato, salad (mmm try the citrus or macadamia/vanilla bean vinagrettes) and soup. So, 2 people can get out of there for 60 to 70 bucks (plus tax & tip). Considering the quality that goes into the food, and the years of training by staff to take care of your needs, this is a bargain in the fine dining world. Of course, add in their famous steak tartare, a cosmo, a glass of wine or two and a trip to the Harry Waugh room, and you can certainly set yourself back a lot more. As others have noted: The Chateaubriand is an even better way to go.If I ate there more often, I'd probably wander the menu and get in trouble (but such good trouble) for sure. And, believe me, that has happened in the past... So: For my birthday, my mother decided to treat me to dinner here - I had the 8 oz filet, medium rare - it was spectacular as always. I ditched the onion soup in favor of an ala carte add of the lobster bisque (zomg sooooo rich and wonderful) If I order that again, I'll have the bacon left out - it added nothing to this dish - the only off note all night - but, minor quibble. Salad: perfect. Even the tomatoes were right. Baked potato: couldn't finish it. Perfect as well. The fresh squashes were divine too, as were the crispy fried onion rings. I'll never get why they include that little pile of shredded carrots, because I've never seen anyone eat them... heh.My Cosmo was PERFECTION, and the glass of house red wine (a blend of varieties - never know what it will have in it - but they only do great wines, no?) was smooth and peppery - perfect with the steak.So yes, treat the place special, because it is. If you have a question, ask one of the wait staff who study for years to get to that position. Or, ask for the sommier to come talk to you and suggest a wine. They're thrilled by noobs - old hands like me already know the place and leave them with little to guide me to or through.The finest steakhouse, with the best personality of any place I have ever dined, anywhere in the United States. And it is literally almost in my back yard. Last tip: Go Mon - Thursday for a quieter and more relaxed experience. Weekends are a little nutty.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,1/19/2012,67,151,2,6,2>Went here for breakfast after browsing the Saturday Morning Market in DTSP. I was thinkin, man we're taking a risk going to breakfast at a bar, this could be ugly. The food could not have been better. I had the veggie omelet and the veggies were fresh and not over cooked. Two other people that I was with ordered the Corned Beef Hash after the waiter recommended it. It was the real deal hash! Home made and large chunks of meat fried perfectly crispy. The potatoes are deep fried and excellent. I took one star away from 5 because it's beer and wine only. Two of us wanted a Bloody Mary, but the waiter helped us out by telling us about a full liquor bar at the end of the block where we could get one to go! You have to tell them that you're taking it to Crowley's though or they won't let you leave with it. I'd go back in a heart beat.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/16/2011,1/18/2012,187,57,2,4,3>The other day I discovered that I had a flat tire. This generally is considered a crappy start to the day and, honestly, it was especially since it was like 35 degrees outside, which for Florida is cold. However, it lead me to discover the Kabab House (while waiting for the tire to be fixed) and I am pretty happy about that.I really like Indian food because it is super flavorful and spicy without being atomic-wing hot. My first exposure to Indian food was through the Hari Khrishnas at University of Florida. Someone explained to me that because the Khrisha's are allowed to drink, do drugs, have sex or any related vices, their only outlet for a party was mind-blowingly awesome food. I don't know how true that is, but I have liked the food ever since.I walked not really sure what the place was, since I was mostly killing time. Like lots of places in Tampa, it is located in a strip mall and it never really shakes the strip mall feel. When you first walk, you mostly see the  grocery store and are hit with the pungent smell of curry. I wandered around  looking at various grains and spices and prepackaged foods watching some kind of "Indian Idol" on an Indian TV station. It was pretty entertaining, though I couldn't understand what they were saying.I checked out the buffet, which looked pretty good and then checked out the menu: 76 items including Kababs, Curries, and a ton of vegetarian options. I settled for the buffet. I have this think about eating meet with bones in it (I don't like it) so I skipped the two chicken options. I had the beef, goat, some kind of curry puff, spinach dal and dill rice. I liked everything except the goat. It was extremely fatty. Although, I don't know. Maybe it is supposed to be like that. I ordered unsweet tea and was brought, a bottle of Lipton Diet Green Tea, which, being raised in the south, is a bit of an insult, but I drank it anyway.I like this place and would come back, but I don't think I like it enough to arrange for a baby sitter just to come and eat here. And while the place was not crowded, there were some people, which is good.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/21/2011,1/17/2012,151,511,1,5,3>I remember back in the day when they used to be located in Hyde Park. They have a quirky selection of things you can't really find anywhere else. I like their support of the smaller jewelry designers. I also found my favorite candle and a selection of other scents by the same brand (Archipelago Botanicals). So why the three stars when everyone else is giving them five? I'm not sure why, but I was perusing the store for about 10 minutes and the girl never greeted me, asked me how I was doing, asked if she could help me find anything, etc. I feel like sometimes too many questions are annoying, but in a place where there is so much variety, a little guidance would be helpful. Instead, I walked away with nothing. Hopefully, it just wasn't her day. I'll return again and see if I can update my review.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,1/16/2012,143,262,5,7,7>Thanks to Acelyn B crossing the bridge, I finally made it to the Dali Museum with a group of friends. What a splendid experience! FYI: USF students get in for FREE.99! Take advantage.We strolled around through the main gallery, no tour, no audio headset. Personally, I enjoyed trying to figure out some of the work that drew my attention. When we all finished the first gallery, we decided we'd get the audio headsets and revisit what we just saw. It was totally unplanned to approach it that way, but it turned out to be an awesome experience! I loved hearing about the things that I missed. And it broadened my horizons to explore other pieces in depth. TIP: Get the headsets.We ended our own tour at the gardens outside. NOTE: Bring the headset outside. (We made the mistake of returning them before we checked out the labyrinth and whatnot.) It's a cool area to take pictures and complete the experience of the museum. :)
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,8/7/2011,2,12,5,5,4>Can I just move in and live here please??? God I love Mazzaro's. Yes, they have wonderful gourmet grocery sections. But even if the place were stripped down to just their deli and dessert counters, it would still be one of the best spots in town to satisfy your hunger.Hands down, the best bang for your buck in this city are their sandwiches. Huge variety for 5 or 6 bucks. Big, dense sandwiches in delicious bread. They can fill you up nicely for 2 meals. Though I suppose if you're a glutton with little self control (which is a dangerous probability here), you can wolf down the whole thing at once and spend the next 8 hours lying in bloated drooling heaven. I can taste the muffaletta now.This is one of the worst kept secrets in St. Pete, so it's usually packed to the gills at any given time unless you get there earlier in the morning. The only complaint I have about it is that there needs to be more Mazzaro's, as they basically keep banker's hours. In fact, they should be open 24/7... and yes, I'm serious about moving in there.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,8/6/2011,236,111,3,4,3>So close to five stars! SO close.  I found the Bollywood Cafe via a Living Social deal. My hubs and I are big fans of Indian cuisine and haven't found a good place for it so we are forever experimenting to find "THE place".  BC is as good as it gets. I corresponded with Raj, the owner/manager via email to let him know that this visit was to celebrate a bday (hubs). Spoke with him about my extensive food allergies, mainly peanuts. He made suggestions about what to stay away from.  Lastly, I told him we were probably going to be drinking quite a bit, since this was a birthday celebration and I asked if he could suggest a hotel nearby (since we live about a good 30 minutes away and didn't want to drive home afterward) and a cab company so we could party responsibly.  He helped us get set up at a nearby lovely hotel.  It was SO nice of him.  We made reservations for 8 pm.We left our hotel, via cab and arrived at 8 pm.  He greeted us warmly, knew exactly who we were, remembered that it was my husbands birthday and told us he was getting our table ready.  The table was not ready, so he escorted us to their lovely outdoor seating area and invited us to have some sangria while we waited.  It was delicious.  However, it had just rained...so all the tables, chairs, outdoor swings (a very sweet touch!) were all soaked.  But, we drank and enjoyed what we told would be a ten minute wait.  20 minutes later, we were entertained by Kardenny, their resident magician (really?). He was amazing fun and made us laugh for the next ten minutes.  A fantastic distraction.  But a half hour later, we are still sitting outside in wet weather.  Raj moved us to a drier location, under an umbrella for another 15 minute wait til we finally got to our table indoors.  45 minute wait, with reservations?  I have to knock off a half star for that, despite the fact that he made the wait a pleasant one.Once seated, our server, Micah (sp?) was adorable. He was very courteous, lovely and guided us through the menu.  Even though I repeatedly reminded him about my extreme allergy to peanuts, he kept slipping up and offering us things with nuts.  But he was very kind so I just made sure to be very careful.  We started our meal with their "Chicken 65"  ($6.99) which is chicken cubes, bolly style.  A tangy masala sauce. SO tasty!  We also ordered samosas (deep fried ground beef, potatoes and peas - $5.99) These were SPICY but not horribly so. Definitely delicious.  I cooled off my fiery tongue with a caprese salad (tomato, mozarella, basil and vinegrette - $6.99) and everything was fresh and delicious.Our main course was a problem. We placed our dinner order, but apparently during that 45 minute wait for dinner, they ran out of nearly everything we wanted to order.  Took nearly a half hour to find this out.  So, drinks were offered again (can't get enough of their delicious sangria though).  We mulled over the menu and had a very hard time trying to find something at that point that would accommodate my food allergies.  Plus, my husband wanted super spicy, I did not.  After several failed attempts of mixing and matching and poor Micah recommending foods I can't eat (he was getting a little flustered, not with us, but with the situation in general. He was very sweet), Raj finally stepped over to our table and offered to have the cook make us a special meal...of EXACTLY what we wanted in the first place. *sigh*  So by now, it is nearly 10:30 and we are first getting our dinner.  That is where the second half a star goes.  However, once dinner arrived, it was delicious.  Hubs ordered kadai gosht, a deep dish goat curry meal ($13.99) that was positively killer spicy, just exactly the way he loves it.  I ordered the kofta, indian style meatballs and potatoes with a red curry sauce. ($10.99).  It was a little too hot for me, but it was still yummy regardless.  Raj and Micah gifted us with dessert for our troubles. We had the "surprise cheesecake", which was just a slice of plain raspberry cheesecake.  Hubby and I split it out on the back deck (which was now nice and dry) while watching a very silly Bollywood movie on their large outdoor movie screen.  It was very nice sitting out back having dessert.  They had a magic show with Kardenny during the time we were there, but we missed it because of the dinner mix up.  We also took some dessert to go.  A 2 piece order of gulab jamon (indian sweet donuts with icecream - $3.99) and a cup of their aloe vera cubes in lychee syrup ($2.99) which my husband was in LOVE with.  The atmosphere is kitschy and fun, the Bollywood version of say, the Hard Rock Cafe, with Indian movie posters and celebrity photos plastered all over the walls.  Lots of couch type seating, conducive to watching the movies they show on indoor screens.  It's noisy but upbeat. Definitely a good time.  Good thing, since it was a three hour long dining experience.Bottom line? BC is a great time with great food. We will be back!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,8/5/2011,201,321,1,7,3>I'm a sucker for Cuban food, but for those of us who eat it a lot there are different kinds.  There's the more fancy stuff you get at the Columbia, and then there's the more homey stuff you get at Cuban Breezes.  It's not that one is "better" than the other, just different and still Cuban.  Cuban Breezes is a relatively informal lunch and dinner spot in a strip mall.  You will not impress your out of town guests by bringing them here.  Unless they like Cuban food! :)They have all sorts of fried appetizers, from empanadas to ham croquettes and stuffed potato balls with beef.  Yes, you read that right.  And their specialty is Yucca Fritters, deep fried yucca balls with seasoning (a little spicy) and Havana Sauce (formerly known as Gordos Sauce because the place used to be called Gordos).They have all sorts of sandwiches and traditional Cuban entrees, like roast pork and picadillo.  Some interesting things to try are the Grouper Cuban Sandwich, the Pan con Croqueta (a ham croquette sandwich) and the Frita Cubana (think slider but with spicy beef).  The fried pork chunks are delicious!Interestingly enough I am not a fan of their black beans.  Not sure what it is with their recipe, but it doesn't do it for me.  Their arroz moro, on the other hand, is fabulous.  It's red beans and rice cooked together.  It's a bit messy but delicious.  They also have a fantastic arroz con pollo (chicken with rice).   Don't forget to order the maduros (sweet fried plantains)!This restaurant is most definitely NOT on the approved Weight Watchers list.  But if you are in the mood for reasonably priced delicious Cuban food, give Cuban Breezes a shot.  I'm a fan!
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,8/4/2011,40,106,,3,1>It blends in amongst it's surroundings. Camouflaged more by accident then intent. If you were walking around Channel Side you would be hard pressed to locate it amongst the new buildings. Which is rather amazing when you consider that it is a ship.The USS Victory is a seaworthy museum. Which sounds very strange until you limb aboard the old ship. You enter into the main hold from a gang plank on the starboard side of the vessel. And thus I have exhausted all of my seagoing terminology in one sentence. Alas I will never be able to describe this ship as one who had actually lived aboard her, but I shall endeavor to do the old girl proud.She sits at permanent anchor behind the Florida Aquarium in Tampa. Rising three stories above the water. At a length of four hundred and fifty five feet the ship is just slightly longer then a football field. She has been lovingly looked after by a crew of caretakers for the last twelve years. Working on keeping the boat in good working order. Which is no small task.Walking aboard the ship you are greeted first by a mannequin dressed like the ships captain. You have the choice between guided or self guided tours. My group chose to amble around at our own pace. Which is to say we walked around with no real plan. We moved from exhibit to exhibit based on what one of us thought was neat. So I am sure that we missed half of what was there to be seen. Standing on the main deck of the ship you can almost imagine what it was to be one of the original crew. All you would have to do is stand amidships and close your eyes and you will be transported to the south pacific. The sea breeze, the salt spray, the adventure. It must have been an amazing time. Well a terrifying time more like. The entire world at war the fate of humanity hanging in the balance. No wonder they have made so many World War II movies.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,8/3/2011,229,65,,3,2>The Bunker is a great place to have a lunch meeting, catch up with a friend or someone special as well as spend a few WiFi hours "working" during the day.Been a fan since they opened and the owners have learned and made improvements regularly. During the summer of 2010 they lowered prices making it easy to become a regular.The food is good  and the teas and coffee are always tasty. They have a small but good selection of wine and beer. The seating is comfortable and they have outside seating in front and behind so there is plenty of room.I'm a daytime visitor so I don't have any personal experience with the evening events they do but anytime a local place adds diverse entertainment options I think it is a good thing.FIRST TIMERS: The service is good albeit a bit awkward for newbies which is typical in cafes it seems. You never know if you should go to the counter, wait for help or call out... that said they have a bell at the counter that says "don't be shy" or "you know you want to" so use it! ;-)
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,8/2/2011,45,49,1,2,2>DEEEE-LICIOUS! I love coming here for lunch as their lunch special is under $10 with drink and you get sooo much food! I usually get the Ku Pao Chicken with fried rice along with their hot and tasty Hot and Sour Soup. The soup is delicious and the chicken they use is so fresh tasting along with the whole dish. The serving size is perfect when you're really hungry, but it's so good you might just finish it in one sitting! I sometimes order eggrolls too and their eggrolls are great too! I would definitely recommend Liang's because the environment is friendly, relaxed, and welcoming. I am so happy to have such an awesome place to enjoy delicious Chinese food! We have also gotten take out from Liang's and it's just as good as it is eating in the restaurant. Their service is fast and they have a drive thru window to pick up your order. =)
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,8/1/2011,25,24,1,5,4>We have eaten at the Pearl at least 2 - 3 times a month for the last couple of years, so you would think by now we would have tried everything on the menu. But that's the best thing about Chef Karim, his menu is constantly evolving, getting new items that are as good or better. Every year he returns to Morroco to visit, which is great for him and his family. It's also fantastic for us, because he comes back with new ideas, recipes (I think his mom is involved here), and more excitement about cooking. Not everything has made the official menu yet, but if you ask about his specials including the early bird, you will find some new starters, entrees, or just plain twists on old favorites. Other changes have happened over the last couple of months. He expanded the size of The Pearl, adding contiguous space from a adjoining store front. This has been well used since its almost always packed especially on the weekends when he tends to have music. The Pearl has also gotten their full liquor license, so your incredible meal can include signature martinis and cocktails in addition to the excellent wine. Some of my favorites are: rib eye with mushrooms and Roquefort, cured salmon, blue cheese pate, and late night tacos (fish, pork, beef, feta, blue cheese, cured lemons and other fillings).The Pearl just keeps getting better every time we go.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,7/31/2011,115,141,1,5,2>I came here on a Tuesday night with my friends.  We had originally made plans to make the 5-7pm Happy Hour ($3 sushi!) but of course we were running very behind and opted instead to take on the drink specials they have from 8pm-close.  $2-3 beers during this time and we were good to go.  We ordered about 9 rolls between the 3 of us and everything tasted great.  Usually you have 2 or 3 rolls in a large order that are just, meh, but I can say that I actually enjoyed each roll.  The Godzilla and Crunchy roll were among my favorites.  Tables were a little close but the environment suited us fine.  We could still hear each other talk even though we had patrons a few feet on either side of us.  Overall, the service was great and we were checked on the right amount of times.  I would def come back!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,7/29/2011,20,47,,3,2>So I've followed the gluten free lifestyle for about 5 years. Since being diagnosed with celiac disease, it has been a struggle because I LOVE baked goods and I LOVE classic pasta. I pretty much LOVE processed wheat. lol Anyways... because I've been on this eating regimen for so long, I like to think I'm pretty knowledgeable in gluten-free foods, how to make them, which brands are the best, and which bakeries/restaurants are safe. I was pretty excited to go to Viitals upon first hearing about them on Yelp and seeing their menu on their website. I knew I was going to get the Caprese panini and a cupcake. It's not everywhere that you can get a gluten-free panini. Ok... let me rephrase what I just said, you can't get them anywhere. The Caprese panini was DELICIOUS!!! So delicious that I wanted to buy a loaf of Viitals homemade bread and make my own panini's everyday. I also got the Vanilla dreams cupcake. Because of my love for baked goods, it has been my life goal to bake gluten free items that taste amazing and do not leave you wanting more and comparing it to its wheat-filled counterpart. Though I have lots of love for Viitals, the cupcake was not good in comparison to other gluten free cupcakes I've eaten. However, since it was also vegan, when comparing it to the one vegan cupcake I had, this was far better. I will definitely be visiting Viitals on a regular basis. The panini and salad were fresh and delicious, the decor was cute and comfy, and the staff there was super friendly and knowledgeable. Thanks for the delicious lunch.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,7/28/2011,102,55,2,3,3>Loved it!! First of all, two thumbs up for food trucks finally making it to Tampa! After all the hype surrounding wicked wiches, I was a bit concerned it wouldn't live up to the hype. Finally became personally acquainted last night. Walking out of Drynk around 1:45, I was in severe need of post-drinking food and suddenly thought, "isn't that legendary food truck parked around here???" As I walked up the street, the truck glistened like a mirage down Howard Ave. I tried to explain how I knew about it to my boyfriend but he was already drooling over the menu. We ordered a grilled cheese & a broken egg and a bottle of water for good measure. BTW, cutest bottle of water ever--- love the graphics! Nice touch!! The sweet girl at the window kindly answered our 75 questions about the menu, and her HS t-shirt while we waited for our food (thanks!!).Once it was ready, we continued home to dive in. The chips on the side were to die for. I liked the broken egg better than the grilled cheese but both were superb. Can't wait to go back- next time I'm tracking down the truck on a weeknight for some gourmet food, food truck style. Will definitely make a quick & easy gourmet meal on a busy weeknight. Love the concept, love the food, love it all! Kudos!!! Can't wait to try something else from the long list of amazing sounding food!!!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,9/19/2013,28,115,2,6,3>We tried the brand new Sunday brunch this morning and were BLOWN away.First of all, the menu is great. It's smallish but what they have is excellent. Think Benedict with crab sauce, breakfast skillets, omelettes, and special treats like vanilla bean french toast and chicken and waffles. Prices were really fair as well--my chicken and waffles were $11.50 but generously portioned and fresh. I LOVED the thick but bacon garnish and the spicy ancho maple syrup drizzle. Soooo good. One appealing attraction at the brunch is their $10 unlimited mimosa or bloody mary bar. The bloody mary station had spicy, infused vodka with choice of different spiced tomato juices, fat green olives stuffed with blue cheese, lemons, capers, cocktail onions, and even cold shrimp for garnishes. For the mimosas they offered various fresh fruits (orange slices, raspberries and strawberries) and different juices like peach nectar, cranberry, mango puree and the standard orange juice. The area was well stocked and well maintained by attentive servers. $10 seems like a lot but considering 1 mimosa at most restaurants is $5-6, the price seems more than fair, especially for the selection. The service was great. Our server was friendly, attentive and engaging. She made sure everyone's coffee was full all morning, and even offered to take a family photo at the end of our meal (my brother in law and his wife were in town with their brand new baby and we were all really excited.) She definitely didn't have to offer, and I just thought that was the extra step that made our experience exceptional this time. Flamestone and sister restaurant Besa have stumbled onto something great and I can't wait to visit again soon to try the rest of the new brunch fare.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,9/18/2013,17,59,2,11,4>We love the Sand Key beach. It is located just south of Clearwater Beach, so not much further away, but it doesn't seem like many people know about it. It's never as crowded as Clearwater Beach, which is a huge plus for us! The parking is also much closer to the beach, which is helpful when you are bringing chairs, a cooler, and herding a couple of young children.We also find much better seashells here. Instead of just shards and tiny shells, we've found some gorgeous conches and some other smooth shells. It's nice to find new shells that the kids haven't seen before.The beach itself is set off of the main road; you have to turn into the park and drive a short way before you reach the beach and the parking area. This helps to keep it hidden from all of the tourists who automatically go to Clearwater Beach.The facility has public restrooms, showers, drinking fountains, and a couple of vending machines. The parking is done via electronic stations rather than meters at each space. You can pay for your parking with either cash or a credit/debit card, which is very convenient for us.There are also some gorgeous flowers growing on either side of the paths that lead down to the water. So many great photograph opportunities.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,9/17/2013,69,66,3,8,3>Not enough can be said about the Buddhist Temple. Not enough can be said about the Buddhist Temple on a Sunday morning. Just be prepared to walk in and dive into a morning market filled with the amazing aroma of Thai food in the air. I love what they do here because it is so raw and real, and there is simply nothing like it anywhere around. A true and local market that must have started up with word of mouth, because it seems as though more and more people catch on every weekend that I spend there. Get ready to just drift away in a peaceful oasis and have amazing and authentic food with the nicest people around. if you are looking to grab a great bite to eat and then learn a little bit about Buddhism, I would definitely recommend this destiantion on a Sunday morning. CAUTION though: Try and go by 10:30 AM because it can definitely get packed and the lines can be long, but that is just an indication of how popular the Buddhist Temple is, and how beautiful and tasty the food and culture tastes and feels!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,9/16/2013,55,65,3,5,3>I love any place in Tampa that manages to capitalize on our spectacular views. The Sail Pavilion is a 360-degree outdoor bar that's close to the Forum and Convention Center and easy to get to from the trolley. Plenty of outdoor seating and benches. On Friday night they had a live band.I noticed a ton of folks with their dogs, and even some kids playing on the grassy area nearby.  We parked in the Harbour Island parking garage which is about a two-minute walk to the pavilion. I've heard the beer selection is just average, but otherwise it's the perfect place to kickback and unwind near the water.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,9/15/2013,97,334,5,7,2>What a great time! Was not sure what to expect when we pulled up, especially after walking in the door and it being one of those record-stopping moments where everyone turns to look at us! I'm guessing there are a lot of regulars, it's a casual place, and we were a group of 8 people a little too dressed up for this place after a night out elsewhere. That quickly passed and we settled into some tables in the back (though there were not enough chairs). We sat back and took in the atmosphere. It's a dive bar...it's smoky...you don't get a waitress, you have to stand at the bar for a drink...there's karaoke constantly going -some good some bad...friendly (and very drunk) faces. We arrived at almost 11pm, so parking was not a problem. We were able to park 4 cars easily, even though the place was pretty hopping. The karaoke cue was up to about 15 people when we arrived, but it goes pretty fast depending on the songs people choose. One of my friends just moved here and is a karaoke fanatic, so he enthusiastically got right up there and sang "Fat Bottomed Girls" which was da bomb! We put down a few more cheap drinks, used the little shanty of a restroom, and then three girls and I got up and sang "I love Rock and Roll" much to our surprise. The people were friendly, no one boo'd anyone the entire time we were there. People sang along, and helped people get back on track with the lyrics, and even danced next to you and offered back up. :P A few hours (and drinks) later, I smelled like smoke, I broke both of my shoes (and yeah my bare feet had to touch that floor - went home and soaked them in disinfectant), but had a wonderful experience. The upside is that next time we go, our karaoke star friend will have been here every night and be one of the regulars, so it will be even easier to get up in front of everyone and belt out my favorite song!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,9/14/2013,125,71,6,14,3>If anyone stalks me on yelp, you'd notice a continuing trend in my check-ins....I love Vietnamese food.  No I'm not Vietnamese.  I'm actually Korean but don't tell my people I like Viet food better or they may disown me.  Anyways let's chat about Green Mint Asian Grill.Their official opening date was August 1st and I was able to dine here within a few days of their grand opening.  I was greeted warmly and the food ordering process was done easily and my food arrived to my table within minutes....all things I'm not use to in a newly open joint.They serve Vietnamese food with a modern twist and are located along US 19 in the Burlington Plaza.  Their sign isn't up yet, so make sure you don't miss their location towards the middle of the plaza.  I'm excited about this location since I work in the area and there aren't really any decent Vietnamese restaurants nearby.  I plan on eating here often for lunch when I'm in Clearwater!Overall the menu had everything that I crave...Boba, Pho, Banh Mi and much much more!  The restaurant is decorated in a cute/modern way and is super clean. Tip:  ALWAYS ADD AN EGG!!!  It's only 99 cents and it completely changes your meal to another level.  Imagine a super fat, luscious, over easy egg that oozes yumminess all over your Banh Mi.  Also the sweetened ice tea was delish.  I'm not even a fan of sweet tea but theirs is made with mint AND they offer free refills!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,9/13/2013,185,219,6,8,6>I love it up in New England. I've been there a few times with family. Mostly in Mass, NH and Maine. It's hard to get great lobster like they serve in those areas. I don't go gaga over lobster like most people, but I can appreciate it. Lobster Haven does a good job of pulling it off. I liked the décor. The old fishing village look gives the place lots of charm.They have a decent selection of bottled beers. I went with the Shipyard Summer Ale. A nice light flavored pale wheat ale. It went well with my lobster roll. The lobster roll is served with Cape Cod Kettle cooked chips (possibly my favorite potato chip) and I also got potato salad, which wasn't bad. A little mustardy for my liking. The service was friendly. It took a few minutes to get acknowledged when we first arrived because the girl who seemed to be doing everything was busy helping someone. Once we got seated things went pretty smooth. There were three guys there too, but I'm not sure what they were doing because this girl ran circles around them. Thank goodness she works there. If you're in the area, and need a New England fix, this place is a good bet.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,9/12/2013,139,300,6,6,7>Review #100 goes to this iconic Tampa Bay institution.I have only been to Pinky's once and it took FOREVER to get a table.  Now part of that was  because of the Gasparilla Distance Classic that had just taken place and the other part is because this place is very small and cramped.  They were nice enough to bring by samples of breakfast sandos to those of us waiting around outside.  I ordered the pork belly benedict.  I actually would have preferred the pork belly be cooked a little less because it was a tad too dry.  Other than that the rest of the dish was good with the eggs cooked nicely.  When I go back next time I will definitely be ordering the pancake breakfast sando because it sounds phenomenal.  Service was good for a diner and the atmosphere had a good diner feel too, not in a cheesy cafeteria way either, very eclectic.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,9/11/2013,2378,688,6,13,6>I found out about Caffé Nove on Facebook - when I looked through their menu and saw Bibimbap and Patbingsu - Korean dishes on the menu I knew I had to check the place out. What I found inside impressed me beyond words.The owner was very friendly as we came in and told us about her history and how she came up with her coffee shop. Her mother owns the taekwon-do studio in the same building and the owner loves good coffee and was disappointed with the selection she found in Tampa and decided she would start her own cafe.Her signature coffees are Bitches Brew organic coffee and Buddy Brew Coffee. You won't find any fancy coffee items on the menu, the owner choosing to keep things simple - although yesterday a Venetian Coffee was on special that was delicious. All the food is delicious and the Korean food was the best I have had in the area although limited. Make sure you add beef to the Bibimbap because they use the tastiest meat I have tasted in Tampa for Korean dishes. Patbingsu is perfect for the summer: shaved ice with fresh red beans and berries.The place isn't being pushed as a restaurant, but more as a coffee shop, study spot, and chill venue. The place is setup like a home and feels like home - complete with a friendly staff. You're allowed to bring your own food as long as you order a beverage when you visit although I insist that you try the food.The homemade soup and pastries are all good and there is a bunch of snacks for sale from Shin Ramyun (Korean ramen) to Sun Chips and assorted chocolates from Schakolad Chocolate Factory. The owner has traveled most of the world and the shop is a clear indication of her interest in vintage culture with oldies music complementing vintage hats and newspapers/photographs around the shop. Fun fact I learned during a visit: She used to work for Universal Studios on production before settling back here in Tampa - super cool.Free Wi-Fi is available and there is a 20% discount for students and seniors. Best of all the place is open from 6:00am-12:30am which is impressive hours for a Tampa shop. So make to shop local and support this new cafe!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,9/10/2013,50,67,3,6,2>I was craving Chinese food as one often does and needed to take care of my fried rice fix. My wife and I saw the reviews on here and decided to check it out. We decided to get a take out dinner special, which for the two of us, included a quart of Won-ton Soup, Honey Chicken, Sweet and Sour Chicken and two egg rolls for 20 bucks. When I got there, I felt how heavy the bag was and thought I had picked up someone else's order. When I got home however, it was my order, just A-LOT of food! The soup had about 6 big Won-tons in it and the serving size for the chicken orders was massive. We could have fed six people with all this food. And we were not hungry an hour later! But if were, there was a ton of food left over! I will say that the food was good, however the egg rolls were not my favorite... They just tasted more greasy than anything else.We will definitely be going back!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,6/1/2014,7,77,3,10,3>I spent many a night in Four Green Fields in my younger days.  They used to have a rooster that ran around the bar, and an Irish singer named Patrick, who we called the Irish Willie Nelson.  At one point during the night, the bartenders used to stand at attention while they played the Irish National Anthem.  They also didn't serve food and smoking was allowed.On a trip to South Tampa recently, I convinced everyone to stop by there for a pint or two.  I was happy to see that they still have some great Irish music and I am glad that the smoking is gone.  I think everyone had a good time, and hopefully I can get a few more trips there out of my friends.  I am not a fan of the South Howard scene, and Four Green Fields in definitely my type of place.  Next time I will try some of their pub food.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,5/31/2014,69,121,,5,5>First, I was excited to return to the hotel where I met and married my amazing husband.  The location is VERY central to St. Pete and Clearwater and has plenty of available parking.  The hotel is amazing itself - so if you happen to have too many of the powerfully tasty drinks...well...who needs a cab when a bed is soft and ready for you!All of the food is fresh, farm to table, rustic, hearty, and well formed.  Beautiful presentation, wonderful flavor profiles. Something for everyone too! Nothing will leave you hungry, but it will all leave you wanting a little more. As a non-fish eater, I absolutely loved the goldened grouper and brown butter roasted brussel sprouts. Mashed potatoes with whole grain ale mustard were the best I think I've ever had.  They have Gluten Free pasta options available too! The pasta is made in-house (as is everything else from the sauces to the marinades - VERY fresh and full of flavor.  Chef Karen not only knows her stuff, she is top of her game.The hotel itself is a great venue for a 50-75person get together. For my wedding of about 100 guests it was a tight squeeze.  The Food and Beverage Director, Jill, is very hospitable and open to helping you host an event. Bonus? Chef Karen, and the Craft St. Petersburg, will be your cooks!!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,5/30/2014,77,92,,3,3>Their late night and happy hour specials are arguably the best in south tampa.I haven't had a bad meal here, this place looks like a very charming restaurant with modern decor within a southern style homely restaurant.Obviously the italian food is featured here, between the pizzas and pasta there's plenty of the favorites on the menu. I personally think they go a bit heavy on the sauces but that's a good thing since it means they want to over load your plate with flavor. I can't think of a negative to this restaurant, I'm not a drinker so I can't comment on the bar but the food and restaurant itself is excellent.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,5/29/2014,60,93,,9,5>This Vietnamese hole-in-the-wall place was delightful. I was skeptical at first, but then the food came and I was excited. We ordered three things- Pho, spring rolls, and a coconut and bean dessert. The spring rolls with peanut dipping sauce is delicious. There were shrimp in them, so i didn't eat the whole thing. I found out how to make the peanut sauce from the employee whom I assume was the owner. The atmosphere was great and the place is extremely organized and inviting. The tables and floors were clean, and I had no complaints! The bathrooms were satisfactory as well. There are 3 or 4 big TVs also hanging if you would like to watch while eating. They also have a shop right next door that is filled with Vietnamese food. We took Colombian visitors here and they were so excited to eat the food AND experience a totally different culture's store! We bought all kinds of goodies including rice papers, the peanut sauce materials, and rice noodles.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,5/28/2014,57,93,1,7,3>I recreantly too a trip to Disney World and paid $30 for some amazing Carne Asada. It was incredible. Best I ever had. A week later I went to Taqueria Dona Maria for the first time. I saw the Carne Asada for $10. I have got to tell you it was so close to the same quality as the $30 version at 1/3 the price. I know I was paying for the "disney experience in Epcot", but both plates were a home run. If you live anywhere near Brandon, this is a must! I also had chips with salsa and fresh guacamole. The guac was awesome!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,5/27/2014,185,42,4,17,8>This is by far one of my favorite sushi places downtown. The reason? Well first, it's not your typical sushi restaurant or bar. It's modern with an industrial looking interior. The way they serve you is similar to chipotle, you choose one ingredient at a time to customize either your own bowl or roll, which is a bonus for me because a lot of times I do not like the combinations places put together for their sushi rolls. For example, I customize my rolls by removing cream cheese which adds unnecessary fat to the sushi rolls.I recommend to customize your own sushi bowl. Try mine: Brown rice - helps meet your 1/2 serving of whole grain per day.For protein, choose tuna, eel and avocado.For Vegetables, cucumber for a taste of freshness.Other toppings, add Neptune mix which is made w imitation crab and white sauce. I also like adding a small drizzle of eel sauce and sesame seeds.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,5/26/2014,41,157,,6,2>We stopped in for lunch and were delightfully surprised at this establishment. The decor is very attractive with a tropical, Tommy Bahama feel to it.  Of course, fish and seafood are the main attraction.They have about eight specialty sandwiches with meat they smoke or cook in-house and hand carve each order. I opted for the pastrami Reuben and was not disappointed.The fish and seafood options on the menu are endless and we are looking forward to returning for an evening meal here. Our waiter said it is best to make a reservation has they have a very popular following.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,5/25/2014,122,284,,6,1>I was recently in an accident where my car was totaled.  I hadn't planned on replacing it as I was using the other car I owned for my long, treacherous daily commutes.  I stopped by this dealership on a whim on New Year's Eve to check out the Kia Soul's and see how they drove, etc.  They had a small selection of leftover 2013s and I decided to look at those as they seem to look a bit better than the newly restyled 2014s.  Anyhow, I met with Rob when I went in and ended up test driving the car I would eventually own.  Once the test drive was over, I went inside to give him my information as I had interest, but I was in no rush to buy anything or even spend that much time in a car dealer so late in the day on December 31st.  After a brief discussion and the manager coming over we had a little bit of an effortless exchange over the price and they ended up agreeing to my ridiculously lowball offer for the car I had test driven.  I even got a spoiler thrown in as I liked the way the Soul's looked that had them and the one I liked didn't.  Their finance department was able to get me approved for a great interest rate and after spending about 90 minutes at the dealer I left with a new car purchased.  I agreed to picking up the car the next weekend as they would need time to install the spoiler and get the paint protection done.   That is where my review went from 5 stars down to 4.  When I called closer to the weekend to arrange for the car to be picked up I was told the spoiler was on backorder and wouldn't be in for a few days and that it was coming from Korea.  Odd as I had looked online and found several available at other Kia dealers who had them in stock.  After doing this research I also found out there were two different styles of spoilers for the Soul.  I would have thought given the extensive discussions had when purchasing the car that I liked the Soul on the lot with the spoiler that I would be getting that spoiler.  On a hunch I called my salesperson to ensure it was the right spoiler being installed and was told it was the other style.  I don't know why they would knowingly try and install a different type of spoiler on the car than what we had discussed other than maybe it was cheaper and they thought I wouldn't be any wiser?  Anyhow, they had to send that spoiler back and reorder the correct one.  I was then told deliver of my new vehicle would depend on when the spoiler got there and it could be painted and installed.  All in all, I ended up taking deliver of a car that I purchased on 12/31/13 on 1/13/14.  Had it not been for the ridiculous spoiler issue that should not have taken 2 weeks to resolve, this would definitely have been a 5 star review.  That part of my review may not interest those who aren't having anything additional done to a vehicle they are purchasing, so all in all the purchase and negotiating part of this deal was seamless and couldn't have gone smoother.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,5/24/2014,112,169,7,8,6>I came here today for the first time. Decent sized place with a nice bar area. I came a few minutes after they opened, and I'm glad, because I got my order in right before a large party was seated.Many of the reviews said "try the shrimp". So I ordered salmon, because I'm a rebel. They actually had three different salmon dishes on their lunch menu. I chose the sunset salmon, it was baked and adorned with a cajun mustard sauce and "cajun roosterfish fins", which are thinly sliced deep fried onions. For sides I ordered broccoli and corn on the cob. The salmon was delicious. The sides were not exceptional, but hey, they're vegetables, what are you gonna do?The bartender knew the menu and specials inside and out, and provided pretty good service. She also gave me a card, after eight punches it's good for a free lunch up to a $10 value.I will definitely be back. I gotta get that free lunch afterall.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/23/2014,91,90,,6,3>This place is a shop local gem! I seriously wanted one of everything in the case. I started with the lime coconut bar with bittersweet chocolate drizzle. This delightful treat was the perfect blend of sweet from the chocolate and lime tartness and decant coconut. It was very moist and sinful. I also got to try the Mexican fiesta brownie with a little kick of heat. This was also very good. It was a great fudge brownie with just the right about of spice. The last thing that I tried which also ended up being my favorite was the gooey pineapple lover's cake with coconut pecan frosting. This cake was soooo moist and tasty. Again it was not overly sweet but just right. I got several things to go including the Biscotti which I had with my evening coffee. I had the Mexican Mocha and it was very tasty. Yes it is hard but it is supposed to be. I loved how I didn't lose it in my cup when I not gently dunked it several times.  I got to meet Steven, one of the co-owners, he was very nice an told us all about their products and that everything is made in the shop using quality ingredients and that their cakes and goodies do change from time to time.I can't wait to go back and try more goodies.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,5/28/2013,79,271,3,4,4>Located on Nebraska, adjacent to a pawn shop and likely some "street workers", Ella's is a hidden gem of Tampa.   After hearing many great things, I finally got a chance to dine here last weekend.The atmosphere  and decor are very hipster- and Sunday night for "soul food sunday" they had a band playing.  The whole sound system was a little loud for my personal opinion- so definitely not a quiet place to catch up with friends. The outside is much quieter but there was a 45 minute wait for the patio. My salad was delicious- and came with 6 large dollops of goat cheese! (A nice change from the usual skimping that most restaurants do with goat cheese)Red sangria was also delicious! Comparable to Mellow Mushroom (my fav)- not too sweet and comes in a big glass.  Our waitress had an interesting personality....kind of contributed to the whole overall experience :) Looking forward to going back to Ella's soon!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,5/27/2013,50,67,,2,3>Love Tomato Joe's! The only thing that is bad about this place is that if you don't know where it is, you will surely miss it! I first learned about their pizza, by getting it delivered to work with a bunch of co-workers. It is a great pie that taste like authentic New York Style Pizza. I have also had their entrees and their spaghetti and pasta dishes are wonderful. The shop is tiny and is based for a take-out. There is a counter with bar-stools and a big screen t.v., so if you want to enjoy a slice and watch the game, you can do it there. Just don't bring the entire family! Everybody has their own favorite pizza, but I can say that here in Florida, this one is mine...
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,5/26/2013,54,138,,6,1>I remember the old days when there was a good variety of Mexican restaurants (even chains) in Tampa (Casa Gallardo, Rio Bravo, Mexico Grande, etc).  But for some reason they've all closed up leaving us with mostly narrowly focused Mexican cuisine:  Mekenita (excellent), Chipolte (good), Vallartas (OK), and Taco Bell (ugh).Well along comes Señor Tequila!  In addition to the typical Mexican dishes they also have seafood, mole and other interesting dishes.  The food is outstanding while the ambiance is nothing special.  The location their in has been a revolving door of restaurants - so hopefully Tequila's will stick around.BTW: you MUST try the Molcajete!!  It's a mound of tasty meats (chicken, pork, beef, shrimp) served on a hot molcajete.  It's served with a fajita-type setup (guac, sour cream, tortillas, etc).Delicious!!!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,5/25/2013,252,699,2,2,2>It has been a few weeks, but due to prior engagements, I haven't been able to go out on weekends and enjoy a leisurely lunch. Now that Howl-O-Scream is over, it's time to get back on track!Today I ventured a WHOLE mile from home and went to Mama Maria's Greek Cuisine for lunch today, We were greeted by one of the owners, and promptly told to sit where ever we felt like, and chose a window seat. The place smelled REALLY good and my mouth set to watering almost immediately.  After a quick look at the menu we selected our starters, tatiziki dip and some Greek Meat balls, both were good, though I'm used to my tatiziki having either a bit more garlic or cucumber, I'm not sure which was off. Our food was the baked chicken special for me, and the Gyro platter for my husband.  Both came with soup or salad, and since there was a chill in the air, we chose the soup, a traditional lemon chicken soup that was absolutely to die for. The entrees came and they were HUGE. The chicken was aromatic and moist, the green been side was extra generous, but the spice on it was a bit odd. It was still very tasty.  The husband's Gyro was large as well, very tasty too, a bit heavy on the lamb over beef.  Service was quick and friendly, I'd certainly come back!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,5/24/2013,37,159,3,4,2>Wow, I'm surprised at the negative reviews of this! Personally, I think this is the best restaurant in St. Pete. Second to Sideberns in Tampa Bay region.  And both are gonna cost you because the food is beyond the English language. Billy Shakespeare, I am not., but I'll try. I once ate here at the bar, had a few beers, half doz deviled eggs and a salad and it was an amazing meal. I've tried 10+ different Z-Grille deviled eggs recipes over the years and everyone has been solid (I love variety) and some knock it out of the park. YOU. MUST. GET. DEVILED. EGGS. if you go. Must. Have to. Signature dish. OK. So my salad that night was one of the best I've eaten in my life (and I've been privy to many a good salad in my day). The freshness of each veggie - you'd think they have a garden out back. And of course, I've been there other times for dinner. Chicken and Waffles is the best menu item in my opinion. It's difficult for me to stray too far since I don't make it here as much as I'd like. And for the amount of space they have, their draft beer selection always surprises me (they once had Boont on tap - one of my favs!). As for the decor.. it's great for a date if you can nab one of the tables along the back wall. Snuggle up next to your honey on the same side of the table and people watch together. At first, when they opened this location, I wasn't thrilled about the interior design but it's grown on me. I like the modern feel (make a trip to the bathroom even if you don't need to). As for the owner/chef, yes he has lots of tattoo's and yes he's a big dude. But I've never had a run in with him and I doubt you will too. Be prepared to spend some money but be prepared to have one of the most creative and tasty meals in St. Pete.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,5/23/2013,7,63,2,3,3>The sandwiches are very good and the staff is very attentive and friendly.  I also very much like that t I can watch a soccer match with my meal since the atmosphere is authentic South American, with a mix of Uruguay, Argentina & Venezuela influences.I really like Renzo's so it hurts me to admit that I did notice that my Panini only had one paper-thin slice of prosciutto with a thick chunk of mozza and thick slices of tomato.  I know that so specifically because I checked to see that there was in fact meat in the sandwich since I couldn't taste or see any.  The flavor was still very good so it just bothered me a little that I spent $11 on a cheese and tomato sandwich and was hungry again not too long afterward.  I'll go with one of the steaks next time.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,5/22/2013,54,108,18,20,15>OK, I'm a girl, and a girl who loves her hair, and I had to find a new stylist.  This can be terrifying.  I live in Ybor so when I found H2O I was very interested, I can walk to it and the hours are good for me so I can go after work.  But the important thing was....how will my hair look??? I was kind of a nervous wreck when I walked thru the door.  But Corinne took her time, checking out my hair, asking a lot of questions, finding out what I was comfortable with and what I wanted.  And when we were finished I walked out the door a fabulous redhead!  My cut and my color were great, I felt like a million dollars strutting my stuff through Ybor.  The salon is cute and well maintained and as a plus they were playing Daft Punk while I got my hair done.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,5/21/2013,19,236,,6,2>We stopped here tonight to try this out for the first time.  This is a Mongolian grill setup.  You get a bowl and head up to the buffet area.  You choose which meat(s) you want and there are a wide variety to choose from, from beef to chicken to pork to seafood.   You then choose from a good selection of vegetables, spices and sauces.  Spicy to mild to hot.  You then hand it over to the grill area, they grill it with your choice of rice/noodles/pasta and bring it to your table.   Want another? They charge an additional $6.95.   They have a kids "make a bowl" or other choices you find at most any other restaurant (Mac and cheese, pizza, etc).Good varieties here.  Will I go back?   Absolutely.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,5/20/2013,122,284,,3,2>So I'll start this review with the fact that I have started on my New Year's resolution for 2013 to slim down a bit and was a bit fearful going to a restaurant establishment for the first time knowing that I had to keep healthy in mind as I chose my meal.  I had to take a colleague out to lunch and figured that GrillSmith would be a good place to find a variety of dishes to suit my needs.  We were pleasantly surprised when we walked in and were one of the few parties dining in this restaurant for lunch.  It's located at the Brandon Towne Center, however, it is on the opposite side of all the other major restaurants so I think people overlook this establishment when thinking about trying one of the restaurants at the mall.We were promptly seated and served our drinks as we walked in.  I was also pleasantly surprised that they offer a coupon for your first Yelp check in on the mobile app.  We all ordered a variety of meals.  I had to keep my healthy living initiative in mind so I ordered the "Fitness Chicken."  It's a chicken breast served with their seasonal vegetable and another side of your choosing.  On our visit the seasonal vegetable was Greenbeans.  I accompanied it with the mashed cauliflower as my additional side.  I wasn't sure what to expect having gotten the "healthy" meal off the menu as they can sometimes be a bit bland and a major let down.  I was quite surprised though, as the chicken was cooked to perfection and very flavor for just being a grilled chicken breast.  I couldn't complain with the veggies either.  Our server automatically applied a discount to our bill, without me even mentioning that I had a coupon.  Guess I'll get to use it on my next visit.  Overall, this is a great spot to stop for a quick lunch that isn't of the fast food variety and they look to have a pretty decent happy hour as well...Maybe next time!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,5/19/2013,18,70,2,2,2>I drive by this place all the time and have never stopped in, but today I had lunch catered by them and now I will be stopping in!  I had the chicken salad sandwich.  It was served on a soft, whole wheat bread.  The chicken salad was not too gloppy with mayo, but not too dry either.  It has a hint of curry spice and a nice textural contrast due to the celery and almonds.  I also happen to be a huge fan of golden raisins and was pleased when I discovered those in the sandwich as well.  I also tried the spinach salad that came with tomato, cheese, walnuts, fresh mushrooms, golden raisins, hard boiled egg and bacon.  Everything was very fresh and the flavors worked well together.  Lastly, I had a bite of the chocolate brownie and it was moist and fudgy.  I cannot wait to actually go into this deli and see what other offerings they have to try!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,5/2/2014,113,80,9,15,10>Sweet onion & crab soup... delicious! Following this delight, I had a Wrapped in Bacon Meatloaf open sandwich topped with skin-on smashed potatoes and Portabella gravy served on Texas toast . When you know me you will find out that I don't look like the kind of guy who needs a to-go box, and I don't think I am....but there's always a first time.  It was very flavorful. Forget about the service!!! They have a 4 star service but the food is so great that elevates the experience to 5 star. Actually, I'm not sure if it was the sandwich or the beers (s) but service became better and better as I spent more time at the place.I upgraded my review to 5 stars and I will be back most likely tomorrow! I still need to try the Drunken Shrimp, the Volcano Burger (Sriracha, bleu cheese, buffalo sauce and jalapenos), the Pig Wings (pork), Tators all the way, and so much more.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,5/1/2014,19,236,2,4,5>My 91 year old mother is visiting from Tennessee for the winter.  So at least 2 hours a day, we sit and watch QVC.  Today, they had a Memphis BBQ rib special going which had me tasting ribs for dinner.  Where to go?  I saw the very good Yelp reviews on this place so I ended up there around 5 pm to buy some St. Louis ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket and sides.  I asked for the ribs dry with the sauce on the side.Wow.  They were great.  I came close to eating the full slab.  Lucky for me, I ordered two slabs.   More for tomorrow.  I'm not a big sauce guy (I hate it when more ends up on my hands than in my stomach.) but their's on the side is pretty darn good.  They also gave me a small cup of their spicy sauce to try.  It as decent as well.  The cole slaw is home made.  My wife gives the pulled pork (very moist), beans, cole slaw and potato salad a thumbs up.  She went back for seconds on the pull pork and BBQ sauce.  They are here in town for the winter months and head up to Ohio for the summer months.   Give them a try.   They are pretty close by so I'll definitely be back.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,4/30/2014,262,160,4,12,6>I was so excited to try out this new restaurant in Hyde Park, and was able to go there this past Sunday for a bloggers' brunch!Atmosphere: The décor was classy and very French-elegant! Clear chairs mixed with both black and white accents make this restaurant fancy yet comfortable.Food: Delicious! I got to try a bit of each of their featured small entrees. My favorites were the French redneck (their version of sausage and gravy) and the duck with waffles (pumpkin waffles!) They take the time to create a unique menu that is also affordable and tasty!They will soon be opening for dinner and have a full bar as well! Their preview of the Piquant signature bloody Mary was divine! I'm usually not a BM fan, but they took the time to use a bit of science and mixology to craft this baby and I enjoyed it! There was a stalk of celery in the drink with a semi-BM-jello-shot in it - how cool is that?!Desserts? They have a croissant donut. Enough said right?! Guava was my favorite!Definitely try this place for brunch or lunch!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,4/29/2014,88,148,1,7,5>46 degree and raining. Today's activity: field trip at Weedon Island Preserve. Instead of letting students explore the natural trail in the rain, we choose to camp inside of the warm cozy education center. The reception picked the 'scavenger hunt' for us. It turns out to be a great education field trip for us all. 2 pages of 'scavenger hunt' captures their curiosities about the ecosystem of Tampa Bay and its ancient Native America culture. Clues are hidden among the introduction paragraphs at each display section. Students can read, watch, listen, touch, flip things over, crawl under the tree and running around. It took us 1 hour to complete the hunt. Students had a fabulous time. If you look for indoor activity at this park, education center is the perfect place for family with children of age 8 or above. You learn a lot about our beautiful Tampa Bay.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,4/27/2014,63,147,2,8,5>Yay! I'm a fan.  The interior is nothing to write home about, the place is clean and Mirage has a homey feeling to its sitting space.  Come here for the finger licking Kabobs that burst with flavor.  Start with Tahdig 'bottom Of The Pot ' Or Hard Rice  OR Kashk' Bademjan (whey And Eggplant) Braised eggplant mixed with garlic, flavored with herbs and spices. topped with sauteed dried mint, sauteed onions and cream of whey.  As long as you are not allergic to Eggplant,  this dish is a NOT miss.   Move onto Shirazi Salad a persian take on cucumber, tomato, onion, parsley saladFor the main star of your dining pleasure, order the platter of kabob's that offer combination of chicken, beef, and lamb.  All orders are served with steaming naan bread and persian salad.   The food is made to order and offer up some of the perfectly made kabob yet.  Their menu is varied with numerous kabobs served with saffron rice.  There are vegetarian dishes as well offered.  Do not even think of leaving without Makhloot (ice Cream And Faloodeh Mixed), a cup of gelatinous sweet rice noodle served with Ice Cream on top, served with a side of lemon juice to drizzle on top.  I have never tasted such a sweet combination and delicious to the last bite.Though, my search continues the best kabob in Tampa Bay area, Mirage's kabob are definitely top notch.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,4/26/2014,73,57,3,11,6>I haven't reviewed in a while, but Jet City's newest location has inspired me to come out of Yelp hiding. First, let's talk about Jessica, the owner. I think most of us aspire to the level of passion and happiness Jessica cultivates every day. Her welcoming enthusiasm and always genuine graciousness makes visiting her cafe a 5-star experience the second you walk through the door. If you don't feel like part of her family after just a few visits, you haven't had enough of their wonderful espresso concoctions ;) Add another Borgia and you will certainly be convinced. The new location offers the same inspired coffee classics my girlfriend and I have been falling in love with since we started visiting her South Tampa location. I personally prefer the Chai latte made with almond milk. If you enjoy powdered donuts, you will love the somehow healthful liquid form. Also making a yummy reappearance at this location, her gorgeous, well balanced (and often surprisingly healthy) paleo and gluten-free treats. I love watching my girlfriend, a celiac sufferer, happily choose amongst the offerings (finally she has options!!). We are waiting to see if her gluten free paleo chocolate lava cake makes an appearance. This is hands down the best chocolate cake I have had in a very long time, across the board. The thing that really sets this location apart is the damn near perfect salads and sandwiches. Jessica outdoes herself daily with salads that contain just about everything you are reading about in your health magazines. No dressing necessary for these mixes of hearty lettuces, perfect slow cooked chicken, seeds, and extras like spaghetti squash and exotic rice. I recently had her portobello Gouda melt on a gluten free wrap---amazing. Next, I'm heading for her fish tacos. I am confident they will deliver in freshness, flavor, and wellness. A major win for Jet City, Jessica, and her team.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,4/25/2014,111,336,4,6,3>I first tried this place a week ago with a friend. The food was fantastic, the atmosphere and decor are lovely, but the service was... Odd. I went again this weekend and had the same experience. So, easy thing first. The inside is stunning. Dark wood decor, lots of fabrics draped, statues, and chandeliers. The dining space is a bit divided which would be nice for reserving for private parties. The first time I went I tried the vegetable pakora to start with. It was crispy but soft, flavorful, and came with two sauces to dip and some tangy onions. I definitely reordered it the second time. I tried the madras curry the first time and it was definitely flavorful. Also shared an order of the peshwari (not sure if that's spelled correctly) naan. It was good, but I preferred the version at clay oven more. The second time around I had a chicken dish with cilantro and mint in it, but found the mint definitely got lost in the flavor. It was still food though. So, the reason I can't give a solid five is because the service isn't all that great. Yes everyone's nice, but it's like you never see the same person twice. The guy who "took care of me" both times took the order and dropped the bill off. I had one person drop off food, another pick up dishes, a different one brought my chai to me... It made it a little difficult to track someone down when I didn't get my rice at the first visit or even getting a second drink on either of my visits. I wasn't stuck in a long wait to be seated either time and from start to finish it was over an hour. I'm hoping they can streamline the kitchen and sort out the service disaster once they get a bit more established. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt since they're new. Fingers crossed since everything else is fantastic!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,4/24/2014,25,58,5,8,8>I don't know if this place has food (the group I was with were ordering takeout from nearby places to eat there), BUT the beers and experience were pretty cool.  I came for the release of a beer called "the Sure Thing," which was a rich chocolate-like dessert stout.  The cool thing about this place is the wristbands.  You exchange your ID and a credit card for a wrist band that allows you to pour your own on the self service wall.  There are about 6-8 beers on tap there (more behind the counter, not part of the self service wall) and you can drink as much or as little as you like of each beer.  What that means is that you could do a bunch of 4 ounce tasters, and you're only getting charged by the ounce, not the full glass.  If you like what you taste, filler up and get a full glass.  When you get tired of waiting on that annoying customer and dealing with that cranky server (both you) then head back to the bar and get your knowledgeable bartender to pour whatever your hoppy heart desires.This place is a must try, at minimum for the experience of pouring your own, but also for the selection of local Florida craft beers.Beer is proof that god loves us and wants us to be happy.  -Ben Franklin
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,4/23/2014,91,275,1,10,3>I didn't know this was one of those places that have incorporated technology and you place your orders from an iPad. First thing they tell you is not to order everything at once. I'm not sure I like the concept most of us spend so many hours in front of some device that I actually like having a person to take my order and interact with. The server was really nice and she would come around often to check so not an overall feeling of being on your own.Now the food was great, I visited during Dine Tampa Bay and ordered from that menu, the prices here are very reasonable so if you don't care for a 3 course meal the main entry would be fine and at a good price. I ordered the Salmon and I would go back for more. I noticed they have a good happy hour with drinks and appetizer $4. Inside it's comfortable with a slight lounge feeling. Parking is small so prepare to do Valet.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,4/22/2014,52,77,3,10,5>This place is a-ma-zing! I visited for the first time this week. I did my research first and knew it would only take about 20 minutes to explore the whole collection. That ended up being very true. I'm sure we all wish that this collection would grow and expand in our area. There is an optional film you can watch before or after you visit the collection. (Obviously it is best to watch before so you can truly marvel at the pieces inside.) I am not sure how long the video is. We were on a tight time schedule so we only watched about 15 minutes of it. The Chihuly Collection is a treasure that I am so happy to have in our city. PS: Be cautious with small children and large purses - some of the pieces are within touching distance and if you aren't careful you could bump into them.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,9/2/2011,80,76,,13,4>I can honestly say that I cannot fault this place at all and the other review really surprises me. Last night was about the 9th or 10th time probably that I have been to this restaurant and none of my experiences have been less than 5 star.Last night I had the scallops with bacon and a cream sauce, my wife had the pate and then we both had the lamb for main course. The salad that came out is, to me, a perfect size. No its not going to fill you up and its not the size of somewhere like Carrabba's but, hey, this isn't Carrabbas. This is fine dining. The dressing is delicious ans it gets the taste buds waking up and ready for the appetizer.The scallops (a special) were perfectly cooked with a great sear on them, the sauce was tasty. Put bacon with anything and you have me won. The pate was also great. I am a huge pate fan, normally more smooth than coarse, but this slightly coarse pate is up there with my favorites.And then there was lamb...... I look for lamb everywhere I go in every menu. I love it. I love the smell of it, I love the taste of it. I love the way the fat crisps up and gives a great flavor. Let me tell you that this lamb is THE BEST lamb that I have had anywhere. 8 chops that are so meaty, so tasty. I cannot get enough of this lamb and i never even have to look at the menu when I go, this is a must try. It is served with carrots, green beans, herbed tomato and potatoes, very tasty.The wine selection is good also, big fan of the Malbec. This is, to me, the best restaurant in the county and I think that everyone should check it out.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,9/1/2011,20,200,2,6,3>This place is in a great place and at the perfect time.  I bought a couple of treats from this new place and my wife agreed with me that these were on a different level than others.  While you can get some good general cakes from other bakeries and possibly Publix, this place puts everything else the same.I ordered a fudge brownie and a coconut cupcake.  These were by far the best I've ever had.  The coconut cupcake was a true coconut cake, not some vanilla concoction with coconut flakes on it.  The brownie was massive and full of chocolate chunks.This place is in a very convenient spot for all of the people driving home, you can stop by on the way home to pickup your orders, the lady here acknowledges the fact and makes every opportunity to appease customers on this situation.I would definitely and am planning on going back, also if you are enjoying a sandwich at the Firehouse sub shop a couple doors down you can leave there and go by here for a brownie or cupcake for dessert.The bakery across the street from this place is doomed, this place will bury them.  Better service, easier to get in and out, and better quality.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,8/31/2011,17,6,,3,2>Love this place! Excellent food and great service as well...molto bene Bernini!!!I started with a house made Caesar salad.  It was made of nice, crisp Romaine, with a thin garlic chip of a crouton and the dressing was notably made in house.  I asked for more on the side.  We also tried the classic bruschetta (option to add the buffalo mozzarella deferred) was quite tasty and a fresh start to the meal; and doesn't over the Champagne.  My favorite entree is the fontina and prosciutto stuffed veal chop. Having worked in the kitchen and prepared such in a northern Italian restaurant- I am a real stickler when it comes to veal chops.  Bernini's is not just any chop, it's the real McCoy- doesn't sound very Italian.  It's on the bone, and I'm not talking about the ol' T-bone.  I am saying- this one is on the rib and nicely Frenched. The Chop is dressed with a light sherry, mushroom cream cause with a hint of dill. The first time I asked for it on the side, fearing it would be too sweet. But alas, the sauce was just kissed with dill, and elevated the dish ever so. When I sliced into this wondrous veal chop the fontina cheese celebrated onto the warm plate, greeting the dill sauce and begged to be kissed with my fork and morsel of veal and prosciutto.  Accompanying the chop was a side of these fabulously crispy on the outside and moist and creamy on the inside, thick cut polenta "fries" / sticks - whatever you want to call them, I ate them first!. Though I love my red meat rare to medium rare, I order the veal chop medium. We ventured into a comfort entrée that appears on many menus as of late.  The beef short rib was a delight, braised in reduced burgundy and natural jus over a bed of cavatappi pasta with smoked Gouda cheese sauce.Order before 7 PM (maybe just summer only) and you dinner is half off. Plus you can enjoy the $2.00 Finlandia martinis, straight up, dirty or in various flavors. Thursday nights reign- with an all time favorite Champagne, Veuve Clicquot (yellow label) for $40/bottle or $5/glass. This is a STEAL and kudos to whomever derived this marketing plan for Thursday nights. Most times you will pay $85-$125 for this Champagne in any restaurant. I discovered by accident one night as I walked in and noticed the bright orange labeled bottles (not sure why it's referred to as Yellow label- it sure looks Orange to me) preset on all the tables in their own complementary Champagne buckets; notice I did not state complimentary. For the sweeter indulgences we shared the panna cotta, dressed with mandarin oranges on top was a perfect light end.  It's Christine's Cream-sickle recipe- and it should win an award... or three!Again, half off entrees (all entrées- no silly early bird menu to deal with) $2 Finlandia Martinis, Veuve Clicquot at $5/glass or $40 /bottle.  Dessert, appetizers are at regular price; pizzas too (whaaaaa!) Yet- suffice it to say, I was converted into and instant fan and made it three weeks in a row- Thursday nights of course, and then a couple weeks later for my wife's birthday dinner! Salute!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,8/30/2011,88,289,,6,3>This place came highly recommended by pretty much everyone I talked to. Everyone from "townies" to the folks at the Sand Key Resort to the folks right here on yelp all gave high marks to Guppy's.The parking here is a mess to say the least. I couldn't find a spot anywhere. There is a church behind Guppy's but I didn't want to be a jerk and park there. I did find a spot across the street. It's a parking lot for the beach and they charge $1.25/hr (min) and they stop charging at 8pm since the park is closes at dark.Guppy's on a Saturday night is going to be busy. We called ahead for reservations but they only take those for groups of 6 or more. No problem...the girl was really nice and told me to call about an hour before we wanted to be seated and they'd put us on the list. Shockingly we were seated almost immediately - nice touch.They do bring you some bread and herbed olive oil to nosh on while you wait for your meal. The bread was very good and was a nice priming of the stomach before the first course came out.The blackened grouper sandwich I had was the best I've had yet. I've had a lot of grouper here in the Tampa Bay area and that was hands down the best grouper I've had. It was moist inside and broke up when you bit into it. The rice of the day I had with it was also very good.They do charge a mandatory 15% gratuity. I don't have a problem with this since the service was outstanding. In fact, we left an additional tip. It's sad that they even have to put on the 15% gratuity because people are either too cheap or too clueless or not from here.This place is awesome and the fact they offer an early bird menu is even better. I wasn't there in time for it, but you'd think this place has such a following it wouldn't need to do that...hmmmm...maybe that's why they have such a following.I'm looking forward to coming back soon...I might even make the trip from Tampa on a weeknight it's so good.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,8/29/2011,391,402,1,4,3>So I'm probably missing out because I've only been ordering take out. And that was a shock, walking up in my undershirt and shorts after work one day to pick up food and looking at the beautiful interior.Nevertheless, I have been more than content with all I have picked up from here: pork patty and spring roll over rice vermicelli, the summer rolls, and - wait a second - does that really say Chinese Sausage Fried Rice? Have they combined two of my favorite things into one glorious delicious entity? Have I already ordered it twice? The answer to all these is yes.While I still would like to eat inside, my take out experiences have been great: flavorful food with fresh veggies and sides of hot sauce. I need to try more, especially their specials, but as it is only a few minutes from my house, I'm sure I'll soon become a regular.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,8/26/2011,19,88,3,8,4>This place can't be true. There is a fast food Chinese restaurant with delicious food? I can actually tell this meat is chicken. There was a group behind me (note: this place is tiny) while I was waiting on my order that had beef that smelled terrific and I haven't had beef in 15 years! I knew I was in good hands after that. But arriving back at the office to non-breaded kung pao chicken not covered in a mystery sauce made my day. Plus soft fried rice, not the super crunchy style. On a day like today, this hits the spot but what's even better is that it cost me less than 6 bucks for two serving of food (lunch special includes drink or soup)!  This will be my new Chinese place. BTW, wouldn't have known about this place without the help of yelp. I trust yelpers.The only thing that would have made this place better is to have mei fun (the vermicelli style noodles... hope I spelled it right) and I didn't get a fortune cookie :-(
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,8/25/2011,433,738,7,6,3>20 thousand can get into this weirdly named amphitheatre (1-800-AX-Gary Amphitheatre, until the name license runs out in 2013).  So 18,998 other people came with us on a sultry August night, with the pale blue & pink of sunset crowding any chance of rain on the nicely elevated venue.  Nice place!It's near the Fairgrounds and clealy seen from I-4.  Exit for Rt 301 because it takes you right to the parking entrance.  Couldnt believe parking was free for the big time headliner, Rascal Flatts.  Rows of cars and pickups lined up with plenty of room for tailgaters.  Fastest exit Ive ever experienced, too,  Then I realized, of course! - half the drivers exiting were either Nascar wannabes or weekend dragsters with great spatial and accelerator talents.Some blue port-a-potties were placed on the grassy parking fields, but most bathroom lines were for the permanent facilities instide the theatre gates.  Add about 20 degrees to the 92 degree outside heat and you've got a good sense of what the inside of  these concrete bathrooms were like.  I can say that they were clean, however.Note to Country concert girl people:  I don't recommend telling your bff to find you by the beer concession and that you're wearing cowboy boots and daisy dukes.   You will not be found.  There are probably 18,500 people matching all or part of that description.I love country concerts because no matter how many 24 oz Bud Lights you consume, you won't get the perfromer names screwed up.  I mean unless you're enough of a fan to know first from last names, Eastin Corbin could be either way.  That theory doesnt work for groups though.  Flatt Rascalls.  Nope.Tampa's Amphitheatre's got all the eqmt for moving stairs, strobes, smoke, and large scale video.  Lionnel Ritchey was announced as a surprise guest, and daaammm, it was only a life sized virtual projection into the midde of the group.  Not cool.  I don't like Wii stunts when Im paying three digits for seats close to the stage and the real deal.I thought the sound was great.  It drowned out the three big fans in front of us who were  rockin in about 6 seats (all occupied btw).Security was abundant but cheerful.  I'd go here again.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/10/2011,8/24/2011,56,271,,3,1>The Shish Kabob was very tasty, medium rare and salted perfectly. Very juicy. For the price, it was worth it. It comes with lots of rice and a grilled tomato, but you get this yogurt cucumber mix to eat with the free pita bread. Each person got one at our table, so there is plenty to put on any individual rice dish later. I also got the Dolmeh, they're small and fragrant.Inside was nice and quiet, and there were quite a few people there. The decor was pretty neat.The place was hard to find with the Google Map App when you look for it on the iphone. Google took us past 275 towards some pediatric dentist then the blue spot just kept jumping. It's in the plaza with Chopstix and Kaleisia.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,8/23/2011,4,36,7,7,7>Hard not to ding this place a star for a few "mortal" sins (see the cuban section below), but Brocato's overall does earn it's five stars. I have been a Tampanian (well, city proper or in the area) all my life and yet never having come here due to their banker's hours. They are doing Tampa-style cubans (i.e. a thin layer of salami, owing to the influence of Italian immigrants around the turn of the century when Ybor City was a bustling cigar-making district). Even media voices from Miami have proclaimed the Tampa-style cuban the superior sandwich.That said, a lot counts on how it is constructed and then pressed. Brocato's, by default it seems, puts lettuce, tomato, etc. on their cubans. NOT COOL! (read the wikipedia entry on this subject if you are interested...) Been eating these forever, they do not belong, and they really bring the sandwich down closer to the level of some garden-variety Subway sandwich. In more concrete terms, it robs the sandwich of it's potential to thrill (read on for more).The meat quality is relatively high, although I have had some phenomenal (and dare I say more turn-of-the-century authentic) cubans that feature "real" sliced roast pork for that earthy flavor (instead of deli-style cuts...still tasty but not quite as mindblowing), which this I do not believe did.Finally, the press is light (even though I asked for heavy), a common artifact of shops that make these things with the taboo lettuce and tomato (because they would squeeze out). The problem is - as one fan website describes it - is that without the "heavy hand" of a press to commingle all the flavors and juices together, you are not really getting the true cuban experience. It's one of those eyes-roll-back-in-your-head experiences if done right. Brocatos has largely all the right "stuff," but is simply missing the technique in order to accomodate the "default" lettuce and tomato. Enough about that, I am annoying myself by now...Anyhow, the cuban was good - no HUGE complaints and certainly better than most -  but my LEAST favorite item of the three we bought.  Second on the list was the papa rellena (stuffed potato). Excellent picadillo filling, very very good...flavorful without relying on salt (although I did salt mine a touch, not that it needed it). It's a good choice, but if you have to pick ONLY one item (because any one of these WILL fill you...I am a big guy and had a hard time with even just one item), that distinction goes to...The one item all the "big guys" on lunch order by itself...The thing they feature most prominently on their sign...The thing that ate Tampa...The deviled crab.$5 and it's fabulous. Someone else on here complained it was TOO salty...mine was not salty enough...I guess the lesson is season to taste.Eat it with some hot sauce (just like you would with smoked fish spread on Clearwater Beach). Beautiful, fresh, delicious. Vegetables clearly chopped today. Juicy, fresh blue crab EVERYWHERE (not a "crabcake"-style bread-fest). Just brilliant.Again, mine could have used some salt, so grab a salt packet and tuck into some local-specialty happiness.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,8/21/2011,18,56,,6,5>Better than most places in Chicago!As of this review, I've been here three times, tried several different items and loved every single thing I've tried.  I will definitely be back often!Bruce, the owner, is one of the friendliest people I've ever run into in a restaurant.  He has a great sense of humor and makes everyone feel welcome.He also knows that quality is at the heart of great food and a successful restaurant.  No expense is spared in recreating the best possible authentic Chicago experience, which is why some people might think it's a bit overpriced.  Considering the quality and the fact that he has everything shipped down from Chicago, the food is very reasonable!  (Momentary Soapbox diversion: If you think the food here is overpriced, buy a plane ticket to Chicago and save $1 per sandwich if you feel that's more cost effective.  And about the free refills complaint that some other reviewers have mentioned - he offers both a single serving and unlimited refills on the drinks and the difference is only about $0.30.  Think of it as a discount if you only plan to have one drink.  In either case, the drinks are not overpriced.  Now, back to the review...)Bruce uses authentic Vienna Beef natural casing hot dogs on the Chicago Dogs.  Everything else you'd expect to find on the best Chi Dogs is there too, from the bright green neon relish, sport peppers, tomatoes, pickle, the steamed poppy seed bun, right down to the celery salt.  You won't be disappointed. The Chili Dog is perfect too.  Yes, it's THE Chicago chili that you'd expect.The Italian Beef sandwiches are out of this world!  Much better than Portillos and Buona Beef (Chicagoans know what I'm talking about) and better than most all of the smaller family run businesses in Chicago too.The corned beef sandwich is the best I've had in the south.  Offered in 4, 6, or 9 oz sizes using tender, juicy Vienna Beef brand corned beef, it's sure to satisfy you.  The 9oz size is like you'd find in a northern city deli.  Buy at least the 6oz size for a great sandwich.There's plenty of other items on the menu that sound incredible and I plan to make my way through the menu when I can force myself not to order an Italian Beef.  If you're into New York, he has Nathan's dogs too.  Whatever the item, it's created the way it's supposed to be.I have definitely found my favorite Chicago Grill and that counts for both in and outside of Chicago!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/13/2013,83,169,,4,3>I heard about this place from a fellow friend on Yelp here and we had a deal that I would visit this place and he would visit Ferg's.  Definitely have to lookout for this place as it is not easily visible like some places.  Small place and fairly packed so I would say come earlier if possible and good luck during major games playing on TV.  The waitstaff was nice and helpful but might be a little understaffed.  Menu has a minor amount of selections but everything looks soooooooooo tasty and it was hard to make a decision.  Both my friend and I were at a point of trying things were never have so we decided to split their award winning double bacon grilled cheese burger (yes there are bacon grilled cheese sandwiches that serve as the bun for a bacon burger mmmmmm) and the chicken and waffle sandwich.  We were a little skeptical about how each would taste but every bite was heavenly.  Even though I was full I could not keep myself from eating the entire thing as well as their natural cut fries.  I plan on returning back to this place again and bringing more with me.  Glad I was advised to come here and for the price it is feasible to come often.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,2/12/2013,87,128,2,9,4>Mmmm, thinking about Soho Sushi makes my mouth water. Their wait staff, sushi chefs, and front of house management is second to none. Kevin and Kim are very accommodating and friendly. Jeff, one of the sushi chefs, is the owner and also always has a smile on his face as well. Overall, they are very welcoming. The place is small, but you know the old saying, big things come in small packages. And this package packs a punch of fearless flavors!If you are a newbie to the raw scene, here are a few items I'd suggest:Yasai tofu (I don't even like tofu, and this is just wonderful)Asparamaki (asparagus rolled in tender beef? YES PLEASE!)Edamame (a staple if you are eating sushi)Miso soup (salty with great flavor)Yakiniku (you're welcome for this recommendation... tender slices of beef with slivered onions in a sweet sauce served with a copious amount of rice)Florida roll (all cooked: pink soy paper, rice, crab, shrimp tempura, and cream cheese)Volcano roll (all cooked: california roll wrapped in avocado slices with crab and scallop mixture on top)For the sushi rolls:Red dragon (spicy crunch tuna roll with fresh sliced tuna on top... my favorite)Red devil (lobster and shrimp tempura in the middle with fresh sliced tuna on top... my second go to)Atomic tuna (tuna & asparagus wrapped in seaweed with no rice, then dipped in tempura batter and flash fried... I'm not big on fried rolls.. but I do love this one!)Tuna tataki (seared tuna beautifully presented)Tuna tartare (wonderful diced tuna with a drizzle of sesame oil and finished with artfully prepared garnishes)My only complaint is that they aren't open on Sunday's... but everyone needs a day off and seeing how great of a sushi treasure this place is, I'm sure the staff are working hard to turn out all the fresh offerings daily! I love you Soho!!!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,2/11/2013,263,174,3,5,3>Yesterday I met a bunch of mom friends at Bowled for a "back to school yahoo" lunch. I have eaten at Bowled many times, and have always liked it. The staff is always very friendly and I love that the restaurant owners are very active in social media.Bowled has wraps, sandwiches, rice/pasta bowls, and salads. A favorite is always the Thanksgiving wrap (turkey, dressing, cranberry sauce), but yesterday I got the "This 'n That" which is a 1/2 and 1/2 combo of wrap/salad/soup/etc. I got the BLT&T wrap and black bean soup. The wrap was stuffed with turkey and was really good, but the black bean soup was outstanding. It was very flavorful with just a hint of heat. I had a cup, but I could have eaten two bowls. My girlfriend ordered a plate of the sweet potato chips with Thai chili sauce and I had to try a few. Delicious!We'll definitely keep going back to Bowled for their great hospitality, warm atmosphere, and delicious food.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,2/10/2013,105,97,2,5,4>Am I really in Tampa? Bavaro's reminds me of a dim-lit, brick-walled restaurant I might find up north or in Northern Cali. The menu is small and concentrated -- a handful of apps and salads, four or five simple pastas and a page of pizzas that appear to vary only slightly in ingredients.We started with the soup of the day, lentil with meatballs. Very deep bowl and amazing flavor on both the meat and the lentils. We disagreed slightly on whether the two flavors melded together enough (seemed like the meatballs were an add-on versus cooked in with the lentils), but the bowl was empty in no time. For pizza, we chose the Proscuitto (ham) and the Funghi (mushroom), and they were very good. Service was efficient but cool, and the kitchen ran like a well-oiled machine. The crowd was diverse but upscale. We actually walked in not long after a bike ride and were in caps and tennis shoes. For a Saturday night, we were definitely the most dressed down but didn't feel out of place. Very unpretentious spot.All in all, I loved the vibe as much as the food and would return again for dinner. I kind of think the intimacy and charm would be lost a bit in the daylight of lunch.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,2/9/2013,102,115,3,7,6>For up and coming artists you cannot beat what ARTPOOL offers you.  This is not a stuffy intimidating  gallery.  It is an eclectic vintage boutique filled with all kinds of treasures.  Marina does not take a commission and you are free to set your own prices on your work.  A rental fee for display space and you are all set.  This location gets traffic and the monthly themed art parties are the talk of the town!In order to keep overhead down, she depends of volunteers and the events are a great way to get your creative juices!  If you just want to shop, you will get lost in that place!  The inventory is always changing so you have to stop by often.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,2/8/2013,25,137,2,9,5>4.5 stars-----Update.. Came back again and everything was spectacular. You have to try their coffees. The iced coffees are like milkshakes but not as filling. Delicious flavors! Everything is made fresh and is worth the wait. All of the staff is super nice and friendly. They let us try the chestnut creme since we didn't know what it was. The ricotta and chestnut creme crepe is a very unique flavor that you MUST try! -----This place just opened under 2 weeks ago and is owned by the same people who own the one in Ybor. Except this one is a Crepe Bus.. very much like the Taco bus. You can sit inside in the AC or outside. I can only describe our experience here as... "magical" but more on that later!First off the owner was running the show that day and he's got quite the personality! His thick Greek accent and humor are very charming, as are the European music in the background and the white button-up coat and fluffy tall hat the workers wear.The menu is HUGE. Sweet.. savory.. breakfast... the portions are huge and filling. Half a crepe would have done it for me. Tip.. if you go with someone else, order 1 sweet and 1 savory and split them. We had a chicken and cheese one and the chicken was extremely plentiful and fresh. Also had the sweet Romeo and Juliet which made my taste buds throw a "business warming" party for La Creperia. They have the old style bottled sodas with real sugar and not the high fructose crap, along with a lovely assortment of coffees which I can't wait to go back and try.Finally, we relaxed in the AC room playing some cards, when one of the fashionably dressed chefs came in to take our trays and provide a personal magic show. Before our eyes he pulled a packet of sugar out of nowhere, then made it disappear, only to pull it out of his mouth. I'm not sure what his name was, but if you are interested, ask for him. La Creperia, if you read this, maybe he can provide scheduled entertainment for the diners.In conclusion I am so glad La Creperia opened a second location in St Pete, although it felt like we took a short vacation to a lovely old European town.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,2/7/2013,379,222,2,9,3>Okay, you all know I love food, right? Cause, well, I do. Also, Asian food. Om nom nom!So when my neighbors dropped in and asked if we wanted to go check out the new Asian place up the road I was totally in - and so glad I did!The place is new. Open only for ten days or so they are offering a 15% discount for anyone that comes in (can't remember how long it lasts). So, pros:- It's _so clean_ (restrooms and all!)- It was less than $7.00 with food, drink and tax!- Lots of choices- Food tastes fantastic!- Employees are friendly and eager- The decor is fun (look at the items on the wall and how they're built- it's pretty cool)- The food mixes Thai, Korean and Vietnamese flavors for a great meal- They have Thai tea to pour from a tea jug and don't add the 1/2 and 1/2 for you! (As a vegan this is a huge plus!)The _only_ con I can bring up is that they have no beer/wine license, but we brought that up to the owner last night and he said something like, "I'll do it if I know people want it!" We definitely let him know how much it was be appreciated.This is kind of like an Asian version of Chipotle, if that makes sense. Pick your starch (rice or noodles), meat (or tofu), veggies on top and then a sauce (the garlic pepper one is great). Additionally they have spring rolls (fried and fresh), tom yum, tom kha, etc. I suggest checking this place out. Please! I want to get the name out there and keep them in business (man am I selfish?). This could easily become my favorite quick stop for food (and it means I can convince the Mr. to go somewhere other than Chipotle!).
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,2/6/2013,54,274,4,13,7>Ladies and gentlemen, I am here today to tell you that salvation is here. I never thought I'd live to see the day when sophistication would finally arrive in Tampa Bay, but that day has come. Let us rejoice!The Oxford Exchange is quite simply the most gorgeous and refined space in all of Tampa Bay. I went there today, opening day, and had breakfast, and did some shopping. I am not going to ruin the surprise that is this place by posting photos. You just have to go. You will feel like you are in London or Manhattan. The food was very good, although some of the pastries were not executed well. That's about the only negative I have to say about it. They have nailed every single detail, from the decor, to the exquisite customer service, to the menus, to the types of candles they sell (Cire Trudon, need I say more?).This space, and specifically the restaurant, is what every Tampa restaurant should aspire to be. Magnificent.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,2/5/2013,93,99,3,3,5>This place is cool.  I went here with Donald M. a couple weeks ago.  You order and pay at the counter then sit down with the number they give you.  Our food came out pretty quickly.  They have an array of food choices: pizza, burgers/sandwiches, rice bowls, salads... Donald M. got the Balsamic Wine Rice Bowl: feta cheese, balsamic vinegar red wine reduction, steak on top of saffron rice with veggies.  I had the Elephant Burger: cheese, bacon, sauteed onions & mushrooms, bleu cheese dressing, lettuce, tomato on whole wheat bun.  The wheat bun was delicious but the bottom bun got too soggy too quickly. ick! Side items aren't included.  We got some crispy fries, fried and seasoned nicely.  The drinks pushed me to that extra star; they've got bottled beer (including local face Jai Alai) and wine available.  Also, they have that funky Coke Freestyle drink machine that has some ridiculous number of soda flavors installed in it... We had fun just mixing flavors together.  Overall, this place was fun and the food was good.  Even the employees were unconventionally helpful: a waitress suggesting things for out-of-towners to do over the weekend and the coke machine repair guy gave us some drink flavor combos to try.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,2/4/2013,94,97,2,9,5>Very few restaurants leave me feeling jaw-dropped impressed.  For this to happen, my culinary experience must be exquisitely executed-to every minute detail from the moment I step into a restaurant to the second I leave.  Sure, with Tampa's ever growing and evolving culinary scene, I have been fortunate to wine and dine at some exceptional establishments.  However, no Tampa restaurant has left such an outstanding impression as Pelagia Trattoria.  Easy to miss, this fine-dining foodie's heaven is located at the International Plaza, on the first level of the Renaissance Hotel.  Modern Italian Fare with tried and true traditional influences, this restaurant also takes culinary inspiration from many other Mediterranean countries.  Not surprising, Pelagia has won countless awards and recognitions for their brilliantly designed plates containing only the finest local seasonal ingredients.  Executive Chef Andrew Basch and Sous Chef Brett Gardiner have such keen eyes to detail which shows in every beautiful dish Pelagia serves.     From the moment we stepped into the Pelagia, we knew we were in for a real treat.  Vibrantly colored décor insists a fun night out. Huge windows and swanky lighting treatments scream big-city dining. The kitchen is completely open to all, a feature I particularly enjoyed. We were immediately welcomed and offered wine recommendations from our sincere and skilled server.  She suggested a light red as it is perfect for a hot summer eve and pairs well with all kinds of meat.       First to arrive to our table was a small plate consisting of a manchego cheese and honeycomb crostini as well as a skewer of deep fried beef, veal and pork stuffed olives.  These mini bites could not have been better matched.  The sweetness of the honey and the sharpness of the manchego were beautifully balanced with the saltiness of the meat stuffed olives.      Served to us next was a pomegranate marinated duck breast topped with a pomegranate grappa glaze.  The duck was served over bright green grilled asparagus and to its side was a voluptuous cold barrel smoked scallop over Swiss chard.  A Saba reduction was delightfully drizzled in the middle of the plate for the added enjoyment of both selections.  The duck was out of this world luscious.  The scallop was cooked in a very unique way; cold barrel smoked. Finally, our pasta course was served.  A trio of colorful and diverse pastas sat waiting before my noodle-loving palate.  Knowing that Pelagia makes their pastas in house, I was especially amped.  Nothing beats that soft, yet chewy bite of fresh homemade pasta. My first forkful was from the Saffron Seafood Tagliatelle.  A Spanish food connoisseur, saffron is an absolute favorite of mine and man, did it make this pasta divine.  The homemade ravioli noodle was liberally stuffed with tasty creamy ricotta and succulent veal.  As if it wasn't rich and yummy enough, the ravioli was topped with oyster mushrooms and decadent truffle oil.   Just when I thought I had tasted the very best pasta of the evening, I tried the "dessert pasta"- a butternut squash scappellacci in a brown butter and sage sauce.  This wide and very thick noodle was simply lovely on its own.  The piquant sweetness of the butternut squash and the peppery essence of the sage were all too wonderful.  Oh, did I neglect to mention there was amaretti cookie crumbled on top?       With a few deep breaths to indulge some more, we briefly waited for our next course.  Out came filet in fois gras truffle butter and adorned with an oyster mushroom fricassee and wilted spinach.  He was really showing off now.  The filet might as well have melted in my mouth.  The truffle butter was impeccably apparent and made an already scrumptious cut of meat that much better.  The oyster mushroom fricassee was stewed into succulence, truly making it the "icing on the cake" to the filet.    Had this been any other evening of the week, I may have rejected dessert.  After all, I felt like I had already given my sweet tooth its fix with the heavenly butternut and amaretti cookie pasta.  However, this was no dessert to refuse.  House-grown Grand Mariner drunken berries lay between two mounds of enticing semifreddo (similar to gelato).  A house-grown mint chocolate frosty dream refreshed my taste buds and reminded me what a cool and fresh summer dessert is all about.  The blueberry pomegranate semifreddo was sweet and tangy and convinced me my Italy trip must come sooner than later.  What an excellent final course to an extravagant and inspired five-course experience.   Pelagia Trattoria is truly in a league of its own.  This is the kind of restaurant where you wine and dine and never want to leave. It is the restaurant you go to for anniversaries, birthdays, graduations and any other occasion that calls for culinary and service excellence.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,9/13/2011,65,600,3,3,2>So, I lived 3 blocks north of this place when it opened up in 2003 or so - In those days it was called El Taconazo, had weird hours and the cheese quesadilla was a buck, with meat 2.50.I went to grad school and left this homely little food joint behind and now? Well... yeah, times have changed and this place is now officially The Taco Bus - and an institution in the hood... and they take Visa. New owners, a second location and a larger staff... change is good up to a point.So, Friday night 10:30 I get a wild hair and drive up from Palma Ceia for the barbacoa quesadilla... and an epic line of hipsters confronts me. Sheesh. Glad they're busy and all but damn. 35+ minutes to order and get my noms before I could retire to SOK and nosh.Food: Still just as damned good as ever. Portions: Fatter meat than before I left - kudos for that. Ate some that night, and the rest the next day. Was it worth 4.99? Hells to the yeah.Service speed... well, yeah. Its not fast food by a long stretch.My only real quibble: The cilantro was lacking and the veggies all clumped together on one side. Assembly of the stuffing is critical to a great quesadilla, and the assembly seems to have taken a hit. I'll just assume it was because they were so slammed. Gotta figure out when its less busy for my next visit.Its still 5 stars since there is nothing else like it, anywhere  - and its cheap and damned good food.OH: No clue how they evade the City's noise ordinance.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,9/12/2011,306,25,5,7,5>While this is my favorite sushi joint, I'm going to stay impartial by ranking them 4 stars (however, I'd give 4.5 stars if I could).Let's start with the bad and end off with the good: points off for the parking situation... It's a nice restaurant so I wanna look nice when I come here and it ain't easy walking in heels down the brick streets of Ybor City, over trolley tracks and up the stairs to finally get to Samurai Blue. Once you make it in and have waited a while for your table (boo!), the food makes you forget about the journey it took to get there.The high ceilings and brick walls make you feel like you're not in Tampa anymore.  It's got a cool, contemporary, urban feel. As for the sushi... The rolls come out as soon as they're ready (unlike some places where you have to wait until ALL the rolls are ready.  Love it or hate it... I just happen to love it!).  The presentation is wonderful and the rolls are amazing... fresh and delish!  My favorite rolls are: Volcano - overflowing with goodness!Mexican - classic/must haveCaterpillar - they even shape it like a caterpillar and make cute little eyes out of cream cheese and black sesame seedsBlue Moon - soft shell crab swimming in a pool of some magical sauce, mm-mmm! Drinks are a bit pricey, but taste great. I'd rather spend money on more food; I like to eat my sushi while sober so I can enjoy it's goodness! ;)
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,9/11/2011,34,118,,5,2>It is pretty cool when you discover  the "best of something" at a restaurant and it didn't have to be announced with a cheesy self promoting sign. Seriously, how many places do you remotely trust that tout a world's best cheese steak, hamburger, or pizza, etc. Well Datz doesn't actively campaign for their homemade kettle cooked potato chips to be proclaimed the worlds best, but I'll go ahead and say it-- those are the best potato chips I've ever had. I'll even go out on a limb and say, best chips ever!!These seriously addictive chips would have been pretty amazing on their own but the light dusting of sugar, salt, and pepper along with the sprinkle of blue cheese dressing and scallions brought them to a whole another level. I would have seriously guessed that their special ingredient was crack cocaine by how habit forming they were. Alas, not everything is the worlds best at Datz. The deli sandwiches we ordered were competent and tasted good, but definitely weren't at the same mind blowing level as the simple chips. We had the" April in Paris" which featured brie in between crunchy country style bread and the "Roasty Toasty" which featured grilled portabellos. Out of the two the Paris was the better sammy, as the roast toasty managed to come out as hot as a steaming volcano yet the mushrooms were a little undercooked and dense. Figure that?!  Perusing their updated menu online I do see that there are some new additions for non-meat eaters, namely a vegetarian Vietnamese style Moises Banh Mi which subs mushrooms for pork which sounds very interesting. Also, a lobster roll called the Cape Cod Roll has managed to find its way on the menu as well. My love for lobster dictates a return visit soon to check that out as well.Do keep in mind that if are a vegetarian the menu as a whole really caters to a meat and potatoes crowd, so expect a lot of beef and more beef. The few items I mention above are pretty cover the veggie bases, except for the yummy bavarian-style pretzel bites which go well with their extensive beer selection. The beer list is definitely another main draw, and the winning combination of good beer and food leaves me wishing that Datz was a little closer to home.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,9/10/2011,221,219,7,5,4>My friend dumped out an entire jar of oregano here once. I think I said "Dave, what are you DOING??!" He said "I just wanted a pinch! Not a shake!" He then pinched a bit off the counter, sprinkled it on his pizza, and stumbled to the curb where we feasted upon our hot and greasy meal.Hopefully that sheds some light on the state I am in when I eat here. It's ALWAYS good. But it's ALWAYS after 1:00AM and I'm NEVER sober. And neither are most people around you, so you won't feel like the lone drunk.The outdoor seating options are my favorite. I prefer to dine on what I like to call "curb pizza". I sit on the curb and try to avoid being run over. If a table is available, I will take it and watch the half-naked boys at the gay bar next door strut their packages.On occasion you will be eating your pizza in the middle of a hipster fight after a loud night at Czar. Other times, a drunk lesbian will tell you several times that she loves you. Every now and again, a street preacher will give you the word.And the pizza? Its good and always hot.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,9/9/2011,187,57,3,7,8>I've seen the signs for this place open for the last few weeks. I'm glad to see it open because, frankly, I'd be happy to see almost any business open in the area. Burger21 is near my business and there are several vacant spots nearby. This location is a little cursed. First it was ColdStone Creamery, which never opened, then a Crepe place, which didn't last long. So I was thrilled when I walked in and saw the new burger place PACKED with people.At the time I didn't know that Chris Ponte or the Melting Pot had anything to do with it (see this www2.tbo.com/content/201), but I wanted to support a new local business and went to check it out.The staff was obviously brand-spanking new (since the place had only been only 3 days), but they were very nice and well spoken. I ordered a Super Burger Bowl, which is basically  salad with a burger patty on top. I took a seat with my iced-tea outside and was prepared to wait a long time because the staff was new and there were so many patrons. No my surprise it came pretty quickly.The salad was fresh, the burger very tasty and the tea flavorful. I was happy.With all the new higher-end burger places (BurgerMonger, Square One, Five, Guys, Red Robbin) I'm not convinced Tampa needs another set of them, but this place is great and it close to my office for lunch, so that is a good thing.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,9/8/2011,5,27,,5,3>This place is absolutely fantastic. I've been there for both lunch and dinner and have been blown away. Their chicken salad sandwiches and sausage pizza are on my list of favorites. They also have very good pastas. For dinner i've ordered the BBQ chicken pizza and braised beef. Portion sizes are large. For dessert I had the apple tart which was also perfectly flakey and warm with a scoop of ice cream. I love the ambience here, makes you feel like your at a restaurant in NY. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Tampa by far.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,9/7/2011,151,511,2,3,2>Naglaa is friendly and efficient at brow threading. She's attentive to your needs and very thoughtful. I found out about her here on Yelp, but she was vetted by my hairstylist Devon over at Beaux Visages so I made three appointments for myself, my sister, and my mom. It was the first time threading for my sis and mom, and they were very pleased with the results. We really like the decor. I'd love to come back to try a facial and a pedi.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/19/2011,9/6/2011,143,262,5,6,5>I hate to say that this place only stands because of its convenience for drunken eats. I wasn't particularly keen on the meal I had when I tried it out. This was my pre-game meal. As if calories from alcohol aren't enough, I like to eat before, during, and after drinking. The new food truck is now stationed to take some business away. No bueno. Regardless, the staff is friendly. I LOVE the ambiance of country music and picnic tables. This would be a great place to slow dance with your lady out in the open. Give it a whirl to see if you tickles your taste buds. Hell, I'm sure you won't care so much while you're earning your SOUSED BADGE on the app. Cheers!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,9/5/2011,47,20,7,7,7>When I was a struggling freshman in college, working at a coffee shop, my boyfriend constantly made fun of me for my sumatra stained nails and espresso machine induced calluses. He would often say, "you're so girly until I look at your hands".....Basically what he was saying was that I had gross man hands. In an attempt to appear less rugged and manly, I scraped together my tips for a few weeks and bought myself a manicure........And that's when it happened...I had discovered the joyful bliss of the nail salon experience...there was no turning back. I knew I couldn't afford to make a habit out of this, but I couldn't go back to my man hands! So, I did what any girl would do...I scoured the land for cheap manicures to get my fix. Since that time I have become a connoisseur of high quality spa experiences set at wallet friendly prices. I saw Poshe Nail Spa whilst driving down 4th St. N. I stopped in, picked out my nail color, and sat contently as my expectations were awesomely surpassed. This place is clean, has high end products, cool music in the background, and has an impressive collection of nail color choices to choose from. The staff that I interacted with were kind, conversational, and very welcoming. I'm not gonna lie, I get both irritated and self conscience when I'm getting my nails done and my tech is talking and laughing with his/her coworkers in a language I don't understand. Flashbacks of being called "man hands" race through my mind and ruin my zen mentality. Well, I can happily say that I maintained my zen and my confidence at Poshe Nail Spa. Another great thing about this place is the variety of options on the menu. You can get your basic mani for just $15 (wow!) or choose from a plethora of more deluxe versions. Same goes for your pedis! I'm giving 4/5 starts because the place is kinda tiny. If you go at the wrong time, you're liable to wait a while. Otherwise, it's a great place! Go now! Get rid of your man hands (unless you're a man of course).
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,9/3/2011,26,116,,9,3>Consciousness-Blossoms is one of those places that everyone keeps saying they need to go to but never actually get around to it.  In fact, I was also one of those people until on a whim I decided to meet my wife here for lunch.  Now that I've tried it, I'm telling all of you people who will get to it later to get to it now so you don't kick yourself later on all the good food you've been missing out on.This is a vegan and vegetarian breakfast and lunch joint only, so you have to get there before 3pm to eat, but it will be worth the trip.  The neatloaf is as good as everyone has been telling you, and so is everything else.  My wife and I both decided on the soup and sandwich combo, and decided we'd both get something different so we could share a bit.  She got the curried yam soup and the neatloaf sandwich and I got the peanut tomato soup with a tempeh reuben.   The reuben.. let me tell you about the reuben- This is literally the best reuben I've had so far in my life, and I've been to Dunderbak's in Tampa before.  I'm a part time vegetarian so when I get meat cravings I go for it, but this sandwich beats the corned beef version hands down.  The peanut tomato soup was also very good, but it is definitely filled with tomatoes so it would've been better with their grilled cheese.  Oh, and they offer vegan versions of almost all their dishes, so vegans don't have to settle. My wife's neatloaf sandwich was extremely filling so she couldn't finish it, but she enjoyed everything she did manage to eat.  The curried yam soup was very flavorful without being oily and complimented her sandwich well.Service was excellent and we were checked on several times to make sure we had everything we needed.  We ended up coming in right after a rush so we had the place mostly to ourselves, but it looks like it can fill up very quickly since it's smaller.  Prices may seem just the slightest bit higher than you'd expect to pay, but the quality of the food and portion size make it worth it.  As a parting note, make sure you check out their website or call before you go because they apparently close for a couple of weeks twice a year.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,8/2/2012,195,130,5,8,5>Fusing Thai and Mexican cuisine sounds very intriguing. My connection to the place was strong before I even tasted the food because of the atmosphere. It's decorated in bright pinks and oranges, with a chalk-wall for listing drinks, batted seat backs in playful patterns, and cheery paper flowers (a Mexican tradition).I walked in as soon as they unlocked the door for dinner and enjoyed the place to myself and the full attention of the young server. She recommended the tropical stir-fry (chicken as my protein) which was written on the specials board. I don't think it was ever officially on the menu, but I have gotten it a couple of times since and it's always great and blends so many diverse flavors into one yummy dish. I wash it all down with a Thai Tea brewed and sweetened just right.  Nitally's has gained some great notoriety with their Inferno Soup Challenge along with other praising press for their inventive cuisine. They have since knocked down part of the adjoining wall to add more seating room (cute little bird stickers are on the walls of this room) which probably doubled capacity and gives everyone a little more room to enjoy their food. Along with those extra seats is a supplemental menu which features some Greek inspired entrees that have been incredible. I bring anyone I can along with me to Nitally's and spread the word as much as possible. Everyone I know who has tried it has loved it. I've always had courteous service and wait times are on par with any other DTSP venue. The owners do a very good job of checking in with the tables and have said hello nearly every time I've been in. Nitally's is a true asset to downtown St. Pete and I'm proud to call it one of my favorite restaurants.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,8/1/2012,6,54,,2,1>Seriously, best little place to eat in south tampa. It's just a bike ride from us, and we love it. Sometimes I'll just grab a cup of coffee to go, or we will get milkshakes to go; all of the servers are super sweet, and it never takes a long time to get our food. Speaking of the food, just AMAZING. Literally, everything on the menu is awesome. They are very accommodating to my fiancee who is a vegetarian, and we sometimes eat there 3+ times a week.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,7/30/2012,42,21,2,3,2>I dig this place.  Large, clean interior that looks straight outta the '70s.  Daytime lunch crowd looked largely of blue-collar laborers and retirees.  My kinda joint!  Friendly staff.  Large portions for the price.  Caldo Gallego is amazing, and they butter the bread they give you.  Devil crab was good, but maybe a little bready to be called excellent.  Certainly serviceable tho!  I still haven't tasted the Cuban sandwich I got but it looks and smells just right.  Can't imagine it tastes much different!Edit 7/31: I've now been back again, and everything is consistent - the Cubans are great.  Frankly, I think they're better than Aguila, which somehow got recognized on Man V Food as the best in the area ...
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,7/29/2012,134,672,,4,2>Guatemalan cafe with some latin grocery items.   Many Guatemalan dishes are similar to other Central American specialies, but the owners here proudly point out distinctive featurs........the wonderful beans served with most meals are mashed black beans with tangy seasoning, the churro is baked and less sweet than elsewhere, the corn atole is a mix between corn soup and a milkshake.   We tried the chimichurri steak, rice, beans, puffy flour tortillas, nice fresh salsa, with beef soup (sopa de res), atole & a churro.....all for about $20 to serve 2 people lunch and dinner. All were fine and the beans and atole were unforgetttable.The place was not busy on a weekday lunch time, so the owner/operator was very welcoming and chatty....something you are not likely to find in any chain or most other local eateries.   Although this place is east of the river and not tecnically in West Tampa, i am claiming it for our neighborhood due to its international flavor and warm welcome.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,7/28/2012,38,244,2,3,2>This is a great place to sit outside and enjoy the breeze, or sit inside and feel like you are in an upscale restaurant.  The prices for pastries range from $1-3 and the prices for sandwiches and salads range from $6-8.  I was not super hungry so I ordered a cinnamon roll, which was very tasty and not dried out like a lot of places.  Since it was hot out, I opted out of coffee and just drank water.  My friend had the yogurt parfait, which looked heavenly, two croissants, and a frothy cup of coffee.  (tip:  their desserts look AWESOME!)We were walking our dogs so we sat outside and our waiter brought our dogs water and even put ice in their bowl to cool them off!  I would definitely come back and try a dessert!**update**I went back for dessert the next day and tried the snickers cake.  It was very rich, and very very good.  I was disappointed that it was $5 for a slice though!  My husband had an iced coffee and it was less than $2.  Worth it? I think so!They also gave my dog a treat and iced water in a bowl, again.  I love that they treat him like a customer too!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,7/27/2012,98,762,,4,2>EXCELLENT LITTLE CAFEAfter touring the museum, we stopped in here for lunch and surprisingly found it to be exquisite. I had the Ensalada Jamon, comprised of fresh greens, ham, cheese artichokes & oil dressing. It sounds ho-hum, but it definitely was not, thanks to top-notch ingredients. My wife had the Tortilla de Jamon, which was quiche-like in the Spanish style, I think.. The Kahwa coffee was very good.The meal was reasonably priced and superb. BTW, Gala was Dali's wife...
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,7/26/2012,2378,688,3,6,3>Wow it has been 6 years since I last reviewed Bahama Breeze. It is fair to say that my review is dated. I have plenty of good experiences at Bahama Breeze over the last few years. It is a little far from home, but I do enjoy the outdoor waterfront view you get  at this location. I agree with other Yelpers - Bahama Breeze gets slammed...it doesn't even matter what day it is. I always see a crowd there so make sure to coordinate accordingly and prepare for a wait.The seafood choices are good, but what I really like about Bahama Breeze is their appetizers and drinks. At a tasting earlier this year, I fell in love with their sliders which were packed with flavor and come with caramelized onions, mustard aioli, and dill pickles on a toasted brioche bun. I previously thought  the sliders at the Cheesecake Factory were pretty good, but not after trying the Bahama Breeze sliders. I am not a huge fan of their coconut shrimp, but did enjoy their Jamaican grilled wings last time. They packed a punch. One new thing that makes me appreciate Bahama Breeze now is that I am of legal drinking age now and Bahama Breezes makes some tasty concoctions.Their Ultimate Pina Colada which comes with swirled strawberry ice is one of the best Pina Coladas I have ever had and they will get you sloshed lol. The Tropical Storm is also a tasty drink. Bahama Breeze certainly has plenty of so called "chick drinks" available and tomorrow I will be visiting for another tasting and am looking forward to their new cocktail list. Will report back when I taste them.There's a new location coming to the Brandon Mall which is pretty cool because it will be closer, but I don't know if it will be the same without the waterfront view and loud reggae music. :)
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,7/25/2012,119,94,5,7,3>Before I start let me tell you about my street cred. I went to Auburn University in Alabama. So, any place saying they have Alabama BBQ in Tampa gets immediate skepticism. The sketchy-as-hell exterior made me feel better. Every good BBQ place I found in Alabama was always a place you thought twice about entering. The inside is just as sketchy. I think there was a seating area for about 6 people, a counter to order at and a decent size smoker where the keep the meat. My favorite part was the sign peeling off the wall in the humidity saying "Fan Us on Facebook!" Needless to say, it's a take out joint. Oh, and it only takes cash.While I was waiting (there was one person in front of me), the lady gave me a piece of delicious smoked sausage with bbq sauce on it. I loved it. For lunch I ordered the pulled pork combo. It was $5 dollars and included a drink and a side. The pork sandwich is is piled so high that when you're finished there is plenty to pick up with your fingers after. I assume some people may want to use a fork but then you don't get to lick your fingers clean. Enough waiting, the pulled pork sandwich was really really good. The pork is smoked to perfection while remaining moist. I liked the BBQ sauce because it has plenty of flavor without overpowering the meat. I read another review that said they thought the sauce was too salty. I guess I could see that but I'm pretty sensitive and I thought it was great. I asked the lady which side was the best and she said the mac 'n cheese was where it's at. I don't agree. Typically, if mac n cheese has been sitting in a pan all day, I find it average. Until I get a great side I can't give BJ's a 5. Though I can't complain when a $5 price tag feels like the side comes for free. Give a try but bring cash and plan on eating elsewhere. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,7/24/2012,1337,1224,1,14,6>I have now learned some Korean language (speaking & reading/writing) and been able to enter and dine at Soul of Korea. It looks like a carpeted office converted to a dining room, but the food is delicious.  The main food item to come here for is the Spicy Chicken Wings.  Soul of Korea is the only establishment in the Tampa Bay area that serves wings of such a high standard.  It is nothing like the popular Kychon or BonChon chains, it is something completely unique.  The wings are sweet and spicy, covered in gochujang as well as pepper flakes.  They have BBQ dishes as well as the Korean/Chinese dishes that I fell in love with while living in NYC and working in Murray Hill.I would love to take photos of the amazing chicken wings here to show you.  But, they really do not like customers taking photos here.  Or maybe it is just me.  Either way, I would like to come back and eat wings again, so it is not worth getting kicked out for.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,7/23/2012,169,189,2,6,3>Yes I am a fan of the Sunshine thrift store. It is located next to the 5guys in a plaza next to EATS. I showed up here one day after getting off of work and looking for my parents lol. They have like almost anything in there that you could think of from clothes, cds, dvds, kitchen stuff to even wigs WIGS!The prices are off the wall cheap and the quality of the stuff is pretty good. I found a really nice ocean blue skirt with blue beading at the bottem the feel of the material was ahhh so nice it was only 5 dollars. Also we stopped in again just to look and travis got 2 tapes for his boombox only for 50 cents each. I had even seen my favorite old time movies in there. It is a pretty decent place to some  you never know what you might find that could fit into your life lol. Let the SUNSHINE shine through. Until next time fellow yelpers adios!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,1/24/2013,63,147,4,6,6>There is a whimsy about Cello's Charhouse in every sense.   Start with the small house turned into a restaurant with bright mural of a wall in the whimsy town of Safety Harbor.  Walk through the doors and you are greeted with mouthwatering smells from the kitchen and a friendly hello.  Look around and you will notice whimsical decor from pictures to colorful wall art.  The interior is of dark color motif.  The menu is deliciously simple.  You pick from a list of meats or seafood as your entree.  Then you pick from a choice of 3 homemade sauces.  A soup and salad is served.  Continuing the whimsy,  the Beer Cheese soup come with a few pop-corn as garnish.  The perfectly tossed salad comes with a garnish of fish crackers.  These whimsical touches actually complement the taste with texture and flavor.   My filet mignion came perfectly medium-well (per my request) along with a slightly caramelized grilled carrot,  cheese ravioli and Sweet Vidallia and Chardonay sauce for meat sauce.   My meal ended with Puerto Rican style flan.  This came out as a size of slice of pie. Every spoonful of this moist slice of caramel flan goodness, is followed quickly by your next and before you know it, you are looking at an empty plate wishing for more.Cello's Charhouse is BYOB and they are happy to uncork and serve you your drink.  This reservation highly recommended, little place is a well kept secret by it regular patrons, and I'm sure some of them may not be too happy with me sharing this high marked review.  That's OK,  though,  when some place awesome like Cello's is discovered, its an injustice to keep it hidden.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,1/23/2013,169,189,2,4,3>Yes I am a fan but I must say I was thrown off by the lack um I mean the no food! I did come to fine out though that you could order from whatever food spot was near so thats cool. Like, why not have some Chilis while drinking your beer without having to go to Chilis. lolI am not a beer drinker at all but they did have some beers that were pretty sweet and tasty. Lol but come to find out they had Moscato what a dork for not looking at the menu. We came here for my bosses suprise 40th birthday. It was pretty cool meeting back up with all the Infiniti folks we had a cool time once again. The set up is real cool and the fact that they have like every beer is awesome. They had a live band that was pretty entertaining to watch and they also have an outside area. The drive is not that bad from south tampa and the service there was really friendly and helpfull. I know we will have to take another trip there one day to take beer shots and to just drink our hearts out because its pretty cheap to. Welp until next time yelpers adios.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,1/19/2013,159,114,3,7,4>We visited the Neighborhood Bistro after I purchased a restaurant.com coupon.I browsed Yelp and online to get a feel for the place before going and was pleasantly rewarded with a meal just as good as the reviews indicated it would be.The two people working, Chef Michael and one other guy(who's name slips my memory, sorry!) were extremely friendly, took our orders at the counter and got to work at making our meals. We ordered the Turkey Jammer and the Not Your Average Steak sandwiches.Both were sooo tasty! I loved the boursin on my turkey jammer. Everything really complimented each other on the sandwich and the tomato jam should be sold in a jar!  The potato salad was homemade and was apparent in the taste - definitely recommend. After our sandwiches, my sweet tooth hit, so I had to have one of the beautiful cupcakes! They looked so perfect I almost didnt want to touch them! We picked the snickers cupcake and it was perfectly moist, not too sweet, but just enough to hit all the right notes. The Peanut butter frosting was delicious.My only cons? Nothing to do with the food! The restaurant was a little warm and humid. Maybe just an isolated problem with the ac? They had standup floor fans to move air around. It was not untolerable by any means. Secondly, the decor confused us a little. I love the feel they are going for, but we felt like the place needed a little more of an 'eye'. The reading nook felt very out of place - like it should be up near the front near the windows or swap places with the drink station creating a little alcove. Not right next to the kitchen/counter and menu board where noise and foot traffic would be interferring with quiet conversation or reading time. Just an observation ;)I'm all for non franchised places closes to home and will be back!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,1/18/2013,238,551,4,8,4>When I heard that there was an Italian Bistro opening within walking distance of my home, my heart did a little pitter pat, but I tried not to get my hopes up so that I wasn't disappointed.  Well, I think it would be impossible to disappoint with Domani.Atmosphere:  Very home-y, yet really nice!  I feel like you could go to this restaurant for a nice date night or a fun night out with friends and it would be perfect for either.  Everyone that I have met on the staff have been really nice and helpful.  You can just tell that they ENJOY their jobs!Drinks:  Really good wine selection, and if you are pinching pennies, house wines for cheap!  The last time I was at Domani, there was a rep there giving out free beer samples, which were delicious as well.  I haven't tried the cocktails but my friend said that his was delicious.Appetizers:  Um, tater tots that taste like mashed potatoes with flavored ketchup, nuff said.  The salmon crostini was really good, too.  My favorite are the grapes with brie, pistachio, and balsamic - so original and delicious!Main Course:  Although I've only been here twice, I've gotten to sample bites of friends' meals each time, so I have a pretty good idea.  Let me tell you, it is ALL good.All in all, a great addition to a great neighborhood!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,1/17/2013,49,98,,5,1>This is an updated review.They recently closed down and re-opened.  The building itself looks the same.  Staff is friendly.  Went here last night (Friday night) they had a live band set up upstairs, which was really nice  but way to loud to be indoors.  We ended up moving outside, and could hear the music crystal clear, and still hear each other talk.  The location is awesome, it's right on the water.  Parking is ample, but can be tough if it's a crowded night.They have 32oz domestic draft beer with a souvenir cup for $4... cannot beat that!  Rum runners are still $5, and $6 if served in a souvenir cup.  They updated the menu, the nachos only come in one size.... I ordered them again, just as good as before, but the portion is way to big for two people.  I ordered the boneless wings, honey bbq I believe.... AMAZING.  My friend got the veggie wrap and had shrimp added, it looked amazing and she said it was pretty good.  The atmosphere is very nice.  It's so open, and bring with natural light.  Service is pretty quick.  they have a downstairs bar as well, I haven't sat down there since the re-open. It is kid friendly during the day, obviously not at night.I came on a Thursday night as well, they currently aren't doing the college night specials, and it does not get as crowded as it used to, but the manager said they would be starting that up again.The upstairs was repainted and more tables/booths were added.  They took out all the games upstairs, which was a little disappointing on a Friday night with friends, but that's okay.Overall, recommended.  It's still one of my favorite beach bars... can't get over that 32oz $4 for a cheap night out!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,1/16/2013,107,182,3,6,4>Tucked away in a warehouse off the hellish span of Dale Mabry lies a really cool and unique spot... Cigar City. I was introduced to the brewery and tasting room recently on a Saturday afternoon from a friend of mine. I have had several of their brews in other bars but this my first time popping into the joint itself. I will start with the staff - extremely friendly and very knowledgeable.  They definitely know their brews.  There were a few very young girls and I admit I was initially biased and expecting just a cute face.  She went above and beyond with tastings, her knowledge, her input and all around very personable.  The selections are abundant.  There is something for everyone. The tasting room is a lot of fun with all sorts of friendly people.  I felt like I walked in and knew everyone.  I met so many new people which is pretty rare these days. They conduct tours of the brewery but I got there a bit late for the last one so I didn't get to partake.  Next time for sure. The only thing they need is a restaurant to soak up all the goodness. Luckily when we were there, there were back to back foodtrucks with rockstar food.  The brewery let's everyone bring in their items and chow down there.  Nice touch and very neighborly feeling. Extra note - I adore the names of the brews.  I am a 3rd generation Tampanian and my family were the first settlers of Ybor City from Sicily.  To say I love the names Bolita Ale, Cigar City and Gasparilla and many others is an understatement.  Nice throwback to the area.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,1/15/2013,336,610,2,7,6>LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. If I could give 10 stars, Clear Sky Beachside Cafe would get it.  I try so very hard to try different restaurants and really take advantage of the many options out there. But when it comes to restaurants I really like, I see myself come back over and over again.Clear Sky Beachside Cafe is this place. Why is it so wonderfully on a pedestal?  Well, the food is consistently great. Before, I have had lunch and dinner. I never had breakfast. This past weekend we finally had breakfast. My husband had a simple omelet with potatoes and I had a chicken ranchero crepe with the most amazing mango bellini. They were above and beyond great. I really do not feel that way very often, but I most say I love them that much. Their service is consistently great. They are very versed at their menu, very cheery, and very patient.  They always have a long line bc they are so wonderful, but they handle their lines very well, and it doesn't take forever to sit down. They have a bloody mary bar, and it looked so detailed. I am not a bloody mary lover but if I were, I would certainly get it from them.Their location is prime and steps from the beach. They have good music that is not tacky and annoying. It's a guitar that is not too overpowering in my opinion. their prices are not bad at all for being right by the beach. I can say a million times, I love this place, and that you must must must experience it. I feel it will make for a great staycation or vacation memory. Their menu has great selection as well, where I am confident that the food on the menu is not just plain and ordinary. I always rate menus depending on if I can make the food at home, or if it is something a bit different. That is Clear Sky.One more thing that is the cherry on top, and is very important in my life. They accept dogs on their outside shaded patio. Perfect Perfect, life is good when you are drinking and eating at Clear Sky Beachside Cafe.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,1/14/2013,200,161,2,13,4>So what IS Orange Theory anyway? Orangetheory Fitness is a 60 minute small group training class that uses the science of Heart Rate Based Treadmill Interval Training.How do I get started?Deciding to start a fitness program is always the hardest part. Once you know you want to make that change, the next step is trying out what will work best for you. If you think you can't keep up with a 60 minute Orangetheory class, give it a try first! OTF is truly is designed for people of all ages, abilities, sizes, and shapes. Although you're working out in a group setting (maximum class size is 25-28), there is a trainer there guiding your workout, providing accommodations, and checking on you every step of the way. If they see you struggling to complete a movement, they'll show you how to tailor it for your ability and level.  Your first class is ALWAYS free! All you have to do is pick up the phone, tell them you're new and want to try a class. What should I expect?Once you have committed to trying out your first Orangetheory class, make sure you're prepared for the session. Dress in comfortable, breathable clothing, wear running shoes (whatever you walk around the block or workout with now will be just fine), bring a towel for sweat and a bottle of water. As you walk into a studio, you'll see that the space is divided into four sections: the waiting and office area, the cardio area, the rowers area and the strength training area. OTF is also equipped with bathrooms, showers/changing rooms and lockers for convenience. The waiting space is brightly lit and has benches and chairs to hang out in if you arrive a little early. Most locations sell merchandise and bottled water if you need/forget something. Before the workout begins, everyone is given a heart rate monitor to wear under their workout clothes (against the skin), to monitor heart rate changes throughout the workout. While your'e working out, your progress (calories burned, heart rate, workout intensity zones) will be displayed on large flat screen televisions all around the studio. Each person will be assigned a section of the screen which will display the current stats of your progress during the session. The workout areas (treads, rowers and weights) are equipped with "mood lighting". The entire area has this awesome orange glow to it. The tunes are loud and really get you pumping. This is NOT just a regular, boring gym you guys. It really is FUN. Before your workout begins, your coach will come out to the waiting area to greet everyone, make some announcements, talk a bit about that day's workout, and provide a little pep talk. No two workouts are ever the same. Coaches are constantly trying to get creative, and work different muscle groups each day. If you think you'd get bored at OTF, you're wrong. Every workout packs a punch and is always a total surprise. Throughout the workout the coaches will be providing you with direction, assistance and modifications if necessary. Once the workout is are completed, you'll clean up your workout area (they provide disinfectant wipes for you!), put any equipment away, and remove your heart rate monitors. Then, the coach will lead the group into a 5-6 minute cool down session where they incorporate a variety of stretching and yoga poses to help you in your post-workout recovery. Then, the coach will walk the group over to the nearest screen to review final stats. Everyone will have their own section of the screen that will go over calorie burn for that workout, maximum heart rate achieved, and how much time spent in each colored section of intensity. You'll also receive an email explaining your results for that workout, and each and every workout after that!What do I love most about Orangetheory?I love the science behind their system.  The data is right there. I can monitor my progress throughout a workout, adjust my intensity if needed, and know exactly what it takes to push my body to meet my caloric or heart rate goals for that session. It really is an easy system, and gives you a lot of control. You don't have to be a fitness expert. You just need to listen to your body, watch your stats and follow your coach.I love the technology. I love that you can book sessions online, and receive email breakdowns of your performance after each workout. I love that the coaches are available on social media, and interact with members. It's an added confidence boost when coaches specifically shout out your accomplishments, no matter how small.I love the investment. If you're currently buying fast food meals or Starbucks coffees multiple times a week, then you can afford Orangetheory. It all comes down to priorities, and what kind of investment you're willing to spend on your own health. There are no contracts, so you're not locked into anything. They offer everything from class packages to unlimited monthly deals (that's what I have), which will fit into anyone's budget.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,1/13/2013,38,85,2,5,2>This review is based on my couple's date night. My wife and I visited this establishment on Sunday at approximately 7:45 PM. We pulled into the parking lot at the South entrance, and realized from the arrows and the direction of the parked cars, that we were heading in the wrong direction! We were able to navigate correctly to find a parking space, despite this mishap. We also entered in on the South door, which it turns out, is actually the side door and leads into the bar area. Looking lost, my wife and I were directed to the front of the establishment, across the room. I had made reservations for 7:30 PM and we arrived 15 min. late. The hostess stated that she almost gave away my table but then quickly sat us in a nice booth. Glancing around the lighting and the decor in this place is very nice. Subtle hues of amber reflect off the brass metal works scattered throughout the room. It feels warm and inviting. Directly across from us in a half booth table was a very large party of about 16. Even with the noise created from that party, the establishment did a very good job of sound baffling. Our server for the evening was Kirsten. She was both professional and friendly. We were presented with full menus and a special of the day menu all very nicely wrapped up in leather. There are small candles placed on every table, as well as Alessi's salt-and-pepper shakers. In addition, there was a small tri-fold marquee depicting all of the specials of the day for the week. Some of the days specials seemed quite interesting, including a happy hour with reduced appetizers and cocktails and an early bird dinner. We were not able to decide readily on drinks having a difficult time choosing between wine, cocktails or craft beers. In the interim Kirsten brought us water. I had glanced at the appetizers and decided on the artichoke smoked Gouda fondue. Kirsten left to place that order and then came back a short while later for our drinks selections. I had decided on a glass of the King Estate, Oregon Pinot Gris. My wife selected a small carafe of champagne. Neither was a disappointment at $8. By the time she returned with our drinks, we had decided on what we wanted for dinner. We both opted for the special of the day which was a whole Maine lobster for $27. This included a truffle potato selection and asparagus, along with a house salad or the summer specialty salad. My wife ordered hers and decided on the specialty salad which was a mixture of greens, some berries, roasted sunflower seeds, topped with balsamic vinaigrette. I chose the house salad, which was mixed greens, a couple of cucumber pieces, a little bit of onion, some sliced carrot, and I ordered a side of blue cheese crumbles as well as balsamic vinaigrette. Both salads were lovely, although mine was noticeably larger than my wife's. We were also brought out hot fresh bread. It was served with a side of oil and mixed herbs. The bread itself was also herb-based bread, a baguette. Unfortunately, the bread was served rolled up in a cloth napkin which did not hold the heat as well as I would've liked, through until our entrée was served. The fondue arrived, served in a bubbling small ramekin. It was surrounded with wedge-shaped pita pieces. The first sampling was wonderful. The smoked Gouda flavor really came through and reminded me a bit of some delightful bacon for the undertone. After a bit though, it was evident that the pieces of artichoke were so large in this concoction that it became less of a fondue and more of a topping. It was still quite tasty. Later on we would share that with our server, who agreed, but really did nothing about it. Don't get me wrong, it was still enjoyable; however, I would've liked it to be more like fondue. When our entrees arrived, the lobster was presented in a nice fashion, cut in half at the tail, and complete with the head. On my plate, I found that they had still left some of the guts of the lobster. Although I am fully aware that some people consider that to be a delicacy, unfortunately for me, with my great sense of smell, this was less than appetizing. We were given a full complement of tools, an extra napkin, and a side bowl for the shells, and melted butter which was seated nicely over a candle to keep it warm, all very nice touches. We found our lobsters to become prepared perfectly which negated the need for the tools, which was quite welcome in my book, as this is never a delicate task. I had subbed out my asparagus for spinach, my favorite vegetable and Kim's asparagus was cooked perfectly. My spinach was good at first but then later turned out to be not so good with an overabundance of garlic found at the bottom of the dish. --- Review cut off but you can see by the stars I would return... see other sites for full review!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,1/12/2013,134,672,2,3,2>Tried this today as recommended by Peggy L who noted my search for good Haitian food....Bingo!  I regard this as best of class for Haitian food, in addition to an extensive menu of Island dishes & other international-regional  touches as well as standard US fare....ranging from Greek salad, to alfredo pasta, Tex-Mex, Buffalo chicken, and lots of pita wraps and sandwiches & hot dogs(check the website menu)But we were there for authentic Haitian dishes and found lots of options using pork, beef, chicken, oxtails, plantains, 4 kinds of rice including mushroom rice, beef/chicken/codfish patties, and some fine pureed bean sauces.   I had a unique dish of Beef with Chayote, watercress, carrots & cabbage (LEGIM MILITON AK KRESON, KAROT, CHOU) and my wife had a chicken in sauce combo...and both combos came with fried plantains (like tostones), choice of rice & sauce. We also sampled the freshly-made very flavorful beef & cod patties.   Most dishes were quite mildly flavored, but we each got a small container of hell-fire disguised as a sort of slaw, but potently laced with habaneros or worse  (PIKLIS). Well presented in to-go boxes, without all mushing together as experienced elsewhere.  Reasonable prices for generous servings. Service was very friendly for the early-bird first customers of the day.  Excellent descriptions of dishes, in a very neat, bright, almost chain-burger clean setting.  Located on 22nd St just south of Hillsborough.  They deserve to thrive.  Give it a try...the best of Haitian cooking in Tampa in an almost elegant setting.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,7/2/2012,13,27,6,9,10>LOVE this place.  Old-fashioned American cookout comfort food, served from inside a small old wooden building.  Walk up and order from a friendly server at one window, wait 5-10 minutes, and pick up an the next window.  There are about a half-dozen picnic tables outside if you want to eat there.Burgers are big, thick, and tasty, not remotely like the brown fast food discs. They cook 'em only 2 ways: medium or well.  Today I asked for medium and it was a slightly pink center: perfect!  Great toppings include lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle,  mayo, and a choice of 4-5 kinds of cheese.  Handmade onion rings are to die for, and the malted milkshake is absolute heaven. Wifey had the buffalo chicken sandwich, but asked for it in a wrap (no problem), with pepper-jack cheese, and said it was spicy and delicious.  Yum!!My big cheeseburger, her large buffalo chicken wrap, large o-rings, and a medium-size malt set us back $20. For the quantity AND the quality, that's totally fair.  Dairy Inn also makes tons of other stuff, from cheese-steaks, hot dogs, wings, sandwiches and deli subs, to chicken, seafood, salads, smoothies, and various ice cream concoctions.  Warm beignets and coffee for breakfast, too.It sure ain't "health" food, but I daydream about stopping here, and every time I do, I'm not disappointed. It's a huge treat, and a fun and delicious little slice of classic Americana.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2008,7/1/2012,1,62,,,>I've never actually eaten in the restaurant; I've only had food delivered and boy, are they fast. They always tell me 30 minutes, but I've never had to wait more than 12.  I always order the california rolls, and find them to be fresh and tasy. The steamed shrimp and vegetables are always good (can't really mess that up though), but they can be a bit skimpy with the shrimps, which are a good size. Won ton soup is good as is the fried rice. My husband has ordered other chicken and pad thai dishes and they've just been ok.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,6/30/2012,336,610,1,5,3>I just went to Bern's Steakhouse to really find out what all the hype was. I had dinner at another restaurant, and made sure to save my appetite for the desert in the Henry Waugh Dessert Room.  This place is impeccable. A rich history, and theme about this place is what I love so very much. The details and decorations r unexplainable, and it is more of a place that you must just go to experience for sure. I felt like I was in a classic castle.  We took a bunch of pictures of beautiful accents of gold, beautiful old portraits, etc.  Once we got to the Dessert Room, it was something that we had never imagined. Each booth was shaped like a wine barrel. Inside you had an old style radio where you clicked buttons to get to the type of music that you wanted.  You also had an old style phone to call the musician. Each wall in your area had pictures of 1700's recipes.  We ordered one desert of a trio of chocolate cakes with liquid fillings, with ice cream on the side. The desserts really were not too expensive considering the price of the menu of the steakhouse.  It is definitely a place to go to if you just want drinks and dessert.I truly felt like I was in a different world, and it was just so amazing. It really made the ending of my anniversary night very memorable. I will be back here, and hopefully will be back soon to try the amazing steaks that they have. I really truly see what all the hype is just from checking out the Dessert room.In addition, make sure to take the wine cellar tour. Just imagine 100,000 bottles of wine in one place, and one bottle of wine costing $30,000. You can ask all the questions that you want.  The weird part was that you actually wait in the kitchen while waiting to take the tour, but it is great. I was wondering where Gordon Ramsey was to monitor the kitchen, but he was not there:-).I will definitely be back.  Even just the Dessert Room more than exceeded my expectations. Again, the place from the outside is extremely modest, and when you go inside it's a whole different world!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,6/29/2012,5,6,2,3,2>If you haven't had an Argentine/Peruvian meal before, its time to if your near this restaurant. The portion are HUGE so be careful not to over order. Even though there are a lot of great meals, chose a couple! The meat is juicy and flavorful. The sauces for them are excellent as well. The chimmichurri and yellow hot sauce give even more flavor. This would be a great place to take a group of hungry athletes. A bit expensive but definitely worth the money because you get a lot of food!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,6/27/2012,65,344,2,9,4>Taste of Boston offers fried seafood with a great view.  Service is lax and mildly disorganized, but the waitstaff is very friendly.  Decor is basic, but the owners were smart -- there are wide windows with views of the bay (or you can sit outdoors and be right on the water).I followed the other Yelpers' advice and stuck to the fried stuff.  We started with the soups (I had the lobster bisque -- very orange, slightly fishy lobster, and my husband had the clam chowder, which he enjoyed).  Then my husband had the fried shrimp, and I had a duo basket with the whole clams and the haddock.  The haddock was very mild, and the whole clams were plump and briny.  The french fries were crisp.  I liked that there was hot sauce and malt vinegar on every table, but I wish ketchup was there too.They also have Old Meeting House ice cream available by the scoop, if your arteries haven't clogged up from the creamy soup and fried seafood and you crave dessert.I only wish this place served beer.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,6/26/2012,168,91,3,4,2>i should say, i am a consignment/thrift/second hand store junkie, so i was a little surprised to realize that in the year and a half i have lived here i hadn't visited revolve.  man am i glad i did.  i don't judge second hand/used clothing stores on the basis of how big they are, i judge them on how much stuff i come out with, and i walked out of revolve with a pair of jeans and two shirts, which i consider a substantial haul.  there were other shirts i would have gotten two if they had been the right size.sio yeah, the men's section is a little on the skinny side but the buyer had done a pretty good job of stocking the section.i can't really comment too much on the women's section other than to say i bought my daughter 2 pairs of shorts and a skirt that she loves for less than $30.  i consider that a W-I-N.it's also probably the most indie-tastic store i've been to in st pete.  i mean we were promised jetpacks were playing over the PA at one point.  definitely worth a return visit.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,6/25/2012,25,22,1,4,2>We have been trying different BBQ places around the bay area, and FINALLY we found a place that I can say.. OMG!!!! Don't get foul by the tiny appearance , because the taste and service are a five start restaurant space.I am not a fan of baked beans but they have converted me to one, and the Mac N Cheese is just simply delish.  We added a humming bird cake which became the cherry on top of a great dinner. Service is Friendly and the place is super clean.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,6/24/2012,112,359,,4,1>I would rate this a true hidden gem.  I had a meeting in the area and completely stumbled upon this place.  Based in a strip mall off of Ulmerton, I had low expectations and with the windows tinted you have no visual of what lies inside.  I was surprised in a very good way - open kitchen, small but well stocked wine cellar and plenty of high back private booths.  The menu is not overwhelming in terms of quantity, but the quality is unmistakeable.  Everything is fresh with a unique twist.  My favorite to date is the lobster roll which simply overflows with fresh lobster meat on a nicely toasted bun.  I have only been for lunch, but will definitely return for dinner at some point.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,6/23/2012,177,528,,4,2>I really liked this place and it would have earned a five star rating except for one thing and that is CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! They do not practice good customer service. The only time my waitress smiled at me was when I asked what country she was from in Spanish and she said CUBA!!! That was cute but otherwise she had no personality. I tipped 15 percent for a great meal. It would have been more if she had been a bit more friendly. The other thing is when I got my check I kept trying to figure out why it was about a dollar off. Not a real big deal but it bothered me. I figured if I was right I could give the waitress an extra dollar instead of 1.50 and make her happier. Well, I was right they told me they overcharged me 85 cents. But when they told me they say IT WAS ONLY 85 cents you were overcharged like it was no big deal!!! Well, if enough places overcharged me that much in a day I would go broke!! Anyway enough ranting. I thought the food here was just as described. It was Cuban and it was very good and cheap!!! I would try it again and hope I am not treated the same.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,6/22/2012,200,161,3,5,3>Te Bella is located on Davis Island here in Tampa. I'm a huge fan of all things tea, so when I hear about a new tea house, I'm there. Their loose tea selection was a bit overwhelming, so I ended up asking for some help in deciding what I wanted. I knew I wanted green (my favorite), and when she mentioned that Pear Apple was the best seller, I nodded my head and off she went to prep my cup. While it brewed, I walked around and checked out the little shop. I loved the feel- cozy, but trendy, with just a touch of my favorite things- chalkboards, grays, antique furniture pieces, and lots of cute tea items for sale. I left with my cup of iced tea, and a bag of something that I just couldn't pass up: Key Lime Ginger loose leaf tea. I couldn't wait to brew up some of this for the week. What do I love best about the Key Lime tea? No sugar or sweeteners needed. As you sip this, the ginger spice hits your tongue, giving you a little touch of unexpected sweetness. Absolutely scrumptious!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,8/10/2013,105,180,3,4,3>Chef Jeannie Pierola has had her way with a few Tampa Bay kitchens over the years and achieved glowing - but fleeting - success with a more recent series of pop up kitchen sites that offered amazing food but only for a few weeks at a time. She is back and at the frontburners of a permanent location near downtown Tampa. But this time her arsenal includes applications more at home in a science lab than a fancy restaurant. As always, her creativity knows no end.Edison: Food + Drink is not as clinical as a laboratory but the food concoctions devised there certainly sound experimental but are truly inspired inventions. Think liquid nitrogen shakes. Or consider the scallop in petri that really is served in a petri dish. Warning -  you want to devour - not dissect - it.Portions can be petite but pack a big punch of flavor and the menu will not appeal to everyone but take a chance, take a bite and take advantage of food that is differently delicious.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,8/9/2013,119,94,4,13,9>I am very excited to see a place like this in Tampa (especially in my neighborhood). I stopped in for their "sneak peek" on Sunday. They took advantage of the extra foot traffic from the Gasparilla Arts Festival to do a soft opening with a limited menu. The location is great. The spot has been a couple of different places that weren't able to survive like it's neighbor, Taps. Anise coins itself as "Global" and there is a wall mural behind the bar to prove it. They have a couple of different seating options; the bar, booths/tables and a lounge area with small tables and sofas. It's exactly what you expect it to be, modern and sleek, but with an eclectic feel since the chairs aren't all the same and they have influences to match their global theme. They struck a good balance of being modern and hip without making it feel cold. They paid extreme attention to detail, all the way down to glasses filled with rose petals on the tables. The service was great for a restaurant that has been open for 1 day. There was a steady stream of people coming in and out and the service and food barely showed it.My roommate and I were looking for a little afternoon snack so the menu with small plates was perfect. The owners own the food truck Stinky Buns so we had to give those a try. They had pork belly, beer battered shrimp or beef. We got the beer battered shrimp and pork belly. If you've never had a stinky bun, get ready to be pleasantly surprised. The bun is like nothing I've had before. They are almost sticky to the touch but light, airy and soft when you chew them. The beer battered shrimp was great. They come with a sort of coleslaw on them that adds the moisture needed to keep it fresh and light tasting. The batter on the shrimp was good and not at all greasy. The pork belly was my favorite. They're tender and juicy with a great barbecue flavor. Stinky buns are like a mix between a taco and a pita in the best way possible. I'd like to go back and try the beef. We also ordered the Chicken Bulgogi and Kimichi Nachos. My roommate is a picky eater so she asked for the Kimichi on the side. Chicken Bulgogi is a Korean way of preparing chicken. All I know is that it's marinated and simmered. The chicken was good in it's own right. They could definitely serve it as a stinky bun too. My only complaint about the experience was that the cheese on the nachos wasn't super melted. I don't know if they set too long or they weren't cooked long enough but I like my cheese melty. The flavor of the nachos was on point! They have cheese, fresh jalapeños, kimichi and sour cream. The way the flavor meld you would think that Korea and Mexico were neighbors. I wasn't planning on drinking but we were at a gastroBAR and I knew I was going to be the first to review on Yelp so I had to do it! They are pricey. Signature cocktails are $10. I got the Bramble, my favorite drink at Ciros, as the waitress suggested. It was ridiculously good. The fruit muddled at the bottom was so fresh and flavorful (though I'm not sure what it was). When you have a fruity drink like this, you appreciate the meaning of the phrase. It's naturally sweet and not loaded with corn syrup and fruit flavorings. Cocktails like these stand out among the crowd.I'm excited to see how Anise grows. I have no doubt that it will be successful. This is the kind of place that Downtown/Channelside needed. It will be a great place for girl's nights out, dates, and pre-Straz festivities. I also read that they plan on making picnics that you can bring across the street to Curtis Hixon- brilliant!Cheer Anise! And welcome home!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,8/8/2013,63,147,2,4,3>Vida specializes on vegan meals - delicious prepared food from mostly raw ingredients.  I'm not a vegan but every item I had at Vida was quite good.  If you are not a vegan, don't let the raw food idea deter you from a culinary adventure at Vida. During my last visit I started with their Apple & Avocado Salad, paired with their homemade balsamic dressing, this is a perfectly crisp and flavorful starter.  Then I had their Spicy Pad Thai - no noodles mind you, made of Shredded zucchini, carrots, red cabbage, red pepper and tossed with a spicy nutty sauce. Though not quite as soft as traditional pad thai, this crunchy somewhat semi-sweet yet spicy pad-thai doesn't disappoint.  The Sushi with Ginger Pate - Raw nori filled with ginger almond pate, spinach, carrots and avocado with an umeboshi chili dipping sauce, is a MUST try at Vida.I did not have room for dessert but the Key Lime Cheesecake, looked irresistible.  This one is made of creamy cashews and fresh lime juice blended to make cheesecake on an almond crust, drizzled with tropical sauce.  Now tell me that doesn't sound mouth-watering.This small operation, cares for its creations and those walk through its doors.  They are always willing to talk you through their offerings and if you are lost, just ask and watch how kindly and caringly they take you through the vegan adventure Vida de Cafe offers.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,8/7/2013,122,103,,4,3>A few weeks ago, I ventured into New Tampa to try out Cafe Ole with some friends. I pulled into a strip mall which contained quite a few ethnic restaurants to find Cafe Ole tucked away inside. Upon walking in, I met up with Carlos, Jen and Blaire and knew instantly I was in for a treat as it was National Paella day.We were greeted by a pitcher of delicious red sangria. It had the perfect flavor. Not too sweet, not too fruity and a hint of cinnamon. I instantly thought that I couldn't wait to bring Gabe here since he is such a Sangria snob.We started off with an order of Bruschetta which is not on the menu. Fellow foodie and friend, Leslie, dined at Cafe Ole a few weeks back and has raved about this, so we had to try it for ourselves. It was truly the best Bruschetta I have ever had.Cafe Ole's menu has something for everyone. I love eating with a group at Tapas restaurants since you can taste a little bit of everything and that was our plan. The four of us each ordered an appetizer and being it was National Paella day, we decided to split two orders of paella among the four of us. My Tapas choice was the SETAS CON CHORIZO, Spanish sausage and mushrooms, sautéed in olive oil and garlic, in a sherry wine sauce. There comes a time when you are forced to put down your fork because you don't want to be full, but you lose all self control. As Blaire and I were sitting closest to this dish, we had a few issues turning away. It was out of this world chorizo goodness.Carlos ordered the CALAMARES FRITOS - Tender calamari dusted in seasoned flour and lightly fried. Served with tomato pesto sauce. Perfectly seasoned and fried rings of calamari.Jen ordered the PATATAS ALIOLI with a side of BRAVAS sauce- Deep fried diced potatoes finished in a light Alioli sauce. The side of spicy tomato sauce was very spicy.Blaire ordered the TORTILLA DE PATATAS - A classic Spanish potato omelet.Served with homemade alioli sauce.Four Tapas for four people is the perfect amount of food. What we were not expecting was the Chef sending us multiple  daily special Tapas. Before we knew it, we were stuffed and the Paella hadn't made it's way out. Of the Chef choice lineup, my favorite dish of the meal was presented. Let me start with the sauce - a Bakon Vodka cream sauce. OMG. Best sauce ever.....laying on top was tender and moist stuffed chicken surrounded with a layer of prosciutto and topped with black caviar. I want to recreate this at home and I luckily have the Bakon vodka to experiment with!We received an order of Bacon wrapped shrimp with a light fruit sauce. I normally steer clear of anything bacon wrapped since it is never executed correctly. Not the case here. The bacon was crispy while the shrimp was cooked to perfection.Just when we think the Paella is on it's way, we receive another specialty tapas, a ripe beefsteak tomato stuffed with pork, shrimp, breadcrumbs, fresh herbs and spices. OK, it is time for the Paella! We ordered two of the three kinds, the PAELLA VALENCIANA, which is a classic paella, featuring shrimp, calamari,clams, mussels, fish, chicken and chorizo baked with Valencia rice in a home made saffron sauce. It was perfection in a paella pan.We also tried the PAELLA NEGRA Sautéed with pulpo, shrimp, calamari, fish, and scallops then baked with Valencia rice and squid ink. Although I love squid ink, it was a little much for my taste in this dish.When my stomach cannot handle anymore food, dessert comes out. Thank goodness I wore my stretchy jeans. The highlight of the end of our delicious meal was a traditional TRES LECHES, a rich meringue cake soaked in 3 different types of milk. Tres Leches is not something I would order as I feel this is never executed. Cafe Ole has perfected the Tres Leches and I urge you to order this to end your perfect meal.We also tried the CREMA CATALANA, a Cafe Ole original recipe of vanilla citrus pudding topped with raw sugar and then burned to make a hard candy shell. It reminds you of a fruity Creme Brulee.And finally, the FLAN DE LA CASA, Homemade Spanish caramel custard. The flan is normally what I would have ordered on my own. While it was delicious, it was overshadowed by the amazing Tres Leches.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,8/6/2013,106,256,1,9,5>What a hidden little fancy place in SoHo!We weren't really too sure what to expect. We had reservations for 4 at 7pm. I got a call around 3 that day with the password to get in. It's easy to miss the parking lot. We actually drove past it. The parking lot is right behind the condo building if you're coming from Bayshore.We gave the password and were led to our own private booth, complete with a red curtain and a bunch of candles inside. The service was fantastic. Our waiter was quick to suggest a few drinks for us. The drink menu is huge and it took us a while to decide on something. We also ordered duck fat fries, chicken and waffles, and a large fondue. The food was great.I knocked a star off because the music was terrible and the volume would go from being just right, then to so loud you could hardly hear your group. And, I was hoping for some more old school music, not Beyonce (and it seemed the playlist repeated after an hour, because we heard the same songs several times). I also thought the drinks were a little small for the prices ($12/13).We would definitely come back!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,8/5/2013,44,135,2,3,2>This is one of my favorite spots on the beach. I try to make it here at least once a month when I want to play tourist for a few hours. Nothing better then pulling up to the Tiki Hut, ordering a tropical drink (get it in the big cup, you pansy) and just letting the day fly by.The amount of drinks that they have available are endless as these are professional bartenders who have probably heard and made it all since everyone they see is out of town (white lie). But, for the uninitiated or unimaginative, they have a drink menu that I'm sure will wet your whistle just fine. Me? I just ask the bartender to make me something yummy. I've never been disappointed. FWIW, they also have a bunch of LCD TV's surrounding the hut if for some reason beautiful views of the sunset, beach, or beach-goers are just not up to your standards.A bit more on atmosphere...they also typically have an acoustic player playing all those vacation hits and a Bimini Ring Toss setup within drunken-shuffling distance.Food options? They have a regular food menu as well as a menu from Beef-O-Brady's (on-property) that you can order from. mmm wings.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,8/4/2013,143,169,4,6,2>Why, oh why, did it take me so long to visit this Ybor staple? Born and raised in Tampa, and still living here, I can offer no excuse. Laughing Cat is pretty unassuming from the outside and in fact, when you walk in its doors, it's pretty unassuming from the inside as well. Plain tables and chairs, minimal décor, but as crazy as it sounds, I felt something in the air. Something welcoming and elegant, casual and cozy. It was a mixture for sure. Within seconds our waiter arrived at the table with water and made some dish recommendations. Admittedly, I tuned him out and glanced at my recommendation list from fellow food blogger friend Leslie F that she so kindly wrote out for me at work as I anticipated my meal of the evening. I started with the Funghi Trifolati (assorted mushrooms, artichoke hearts and roasted red peppers sautéed with garlic, basil, lemon and white wine) and let me just state this right here and now: I could not remember the last time I enjoyed an appetizer as much as I enjoyed this one. The flavors were spot on, the vegetables were so tender and coated in the sauce. When all that was left was sauce, I dipped every last piece of bread in it until the plate looked like it had just been washed. Even though we had been warned that the portion sizes were rather large, Mike and I both ordered a full meal. I opted for the Pollo alla Russa (chicken breast stuffed with prosciutto and provolone cheese finished in a vodka sauce with a touch of pesto) and Mike ordered the Pollo Limone (chicken breast sautéed with broccoli, artichoke hearts and garlic finished in white wine, fresh basil and lemon). Though I would have rather we traded dishes, I was very pleased with both. Your task: View The Laughing Cat's menu and tell me that you can find one dish that you don't want to try. It's IMPOSSIBLE. I'm making it a personal mission of mine to try out every single item on this menu. I'm pretty sure this is a crazy idea, but it's mine so back off.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,8/3/2013,47,69,4,6,6>On my sense of lunch adventure I stumbled upon this establishment. Upon entering, I noted several BBQ competition awards and newspaper notations. As a result, my expectations got even higher for quality.They offered a lunch special which includes a regular chopped pork sandwich, 1 side (cole slaw, baked beans, potato salad or collard greens) and a small drink (coke products or ice tea) for $5.95 or your can get a larger drink for 30 cents more. In addition, if you have a burly appetite for lunch there is a large chopped sandwich combo which only is $1 dollar more. SOLD!!! Quality potential cheaper than cost of some crappy fast food drive thru meal. Needless to say, I ordered the regular chopped pork combo, a side of potato salad and what else would make this meal more southern complete than to wash it down with some ice tea.As I waited at my table for my order, I noted that they had 5 different signature BBQ sauces (regular, sweet, hot, the lexington and Suzie's swine sauce. Being that I'm a fan of flavor build, I discreetly sampled each sauce to note what flavor profile they highlighted. Since the time of day wasn't to busy I think the front end staff as well a someone in the back, observed my sampling routine.Upon order arrival, I looked for some profiles of my opinion of good chopped pork. That being moist and tender meat with hints of a smoke ring that occurs to low and slow smoking of meat. Anyways, not to drift toward BBQ technique, the sandwich portion for the regular chopped pork sandwich was oozing out which pieces of chopped pork. I can't imagine trying to conquer a large chopped pork sandwich. My plan of attack, was to use Suzie's swine sauce since it was the one that stood out to me the most. It didn't have the appearance of a traditional BBQ sauce meaning the darker profile from molasses, brown sugar, etc... It was more of a goldish to yellow color. Poured on heavily, first bite took me to paradise where a whole pig was being roasted at a luau..... Wait... I never been to a luau, but if I did I imagine it consisted of this sandwich with this amazing sauce.Upon almost finishing my sandwich, a young lady approached my table and asked how was everything. In my complex answer, I dissected flavors and technique. I eventually asked for hints of whats in the Suzie's swine sauce, pineapple or pineapple juice? I see mustard seed so there may have been some form of pickling profile in there as well. Needless to say, I got no definites on whats in the sauce. She told me her husband crafted every sauce and many have tried to figure out and bargain to market. In particular, the sauce I like story is her husband placed a sample of the non classical sauce on her finger to taste and she thought it was AMAZING!!! There on out began the birth of Suzie's swine sauce.So, in the world of BBQ today needless to say I was extremely satisfied. Sauced versus dry rub? Today by a landslide Kansas City BBQ and sauces reigned supreme.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,8/2/2013,16,73,,8,2>I was introduced to Fitlife through a Yelp event. Before that. I had never heard of them. Upon hearing of the event, I was skeptical of the concept. Healthy food, premade and portioned, that you microwave? I did not think that there was anyway the food could be worth the price. I was completely and utterly wrong.First, the food is amazing. I purchased two different meals to try for my first time. I purchased an Oatmeal Brulee for breakfast. Its a non dairy based oatmeal, with a pecan nut topping, and maple syrup. Everyone knows, microwaving oatmeal rarely ends up great. You either end up with a dry sticky paste, or a watery soup. I poured the syrup onto the oatmeal, popped it in the microwave, and a minute and a half later, I was surprised to see a dish of oatmeal with perfect consistency. Not only was the consistency perfect, but it tasted great. I honestly could not believe how well it came out.The other item I purchased, the Tampa BBQ pork, also made me hesitate. BBQ pork and mac and cheese, sounds great, but again, microwaving seemed like it was going to kill it. It did not, once again, a minute and a half left me with perfectly cooked pork and some great mac and cheese. The most amazing thing was that the whole meal was filling, and was only 550 calories.As if the food wasn't enough to bring me into the store, the employees are amazing. Everyone is super helpful and you can tell they are passionate about the product they make. I can assure you that I will be stopping in and picking up more meals. Now the food is a little on the pricey side if you are going to purchase multiple meals for everyday, but its a great alternative for those of us who need something to bring to work, but don't want just sandwiches everyday.I highly recommend popping in and grabbing a few items. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,8/1/2013,65,344,2,5,2>I'm so sorry that I didn't try this place out sooner.  I lost two years of good chicken.I love pollo a la brasa.  Having it in Pucallpa, Peru was one of the brightest spots during my Peruvian trip (and that includes visiting Machu Picchu). Living in Tampa, I figured I'd have to make it myself, but lacking a rotisserie left me with subpar attempts.  Thankfully, now I can go to Cuenelli's.The chicken is moist and flavorful.  The aji sauce is addictive.  I really like the salad dressing on the salad, and the fries aren't bad, especially with a little aji and ketchup.After reading the other reviews, I'm looking forward to returning and trying the steak with the egg dripping into the black beans and rice.  I just ate a few hours ago, and just thinking about bistek has my stomach growling.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/12/2014,336,610,5,9,5>Best local pizza chain in Tampa.  And best pizza I have had in the area since I have moved here in four years. We have been to the one in St. Pete a few years ago. When I heard there was a Cappy's closer to home in Tampa Palms, I was very excited. I called them yesterday and asked if they were dog friendly. They were nice enough to let me know that they just became dog friendly just for Mocha just last week. Well, really not for him, but we were there in perfect timing.  Our waitress Jenna was very sweet, and helpful.  She brought Mocha a little serving of Mozzarella cheese. He said it was way better than a bowl of water. Mocha our dog loved the place and will now tell all his doggie friends at the playground.Us, we loved our deep dish pizza. We ordered the Cappy's large deep dish with sausage, ham, green peppers. It came out in about 25 minutes. The sauce had nice chunks of diced tomatoes. The crust was tasty as well. We will be back for sure.  Thanks Cappy's for taking care of all of us in the family including our spoiled puppy that is really a human little boy.:-)
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,7/11/2014,54,123,4,6,5>Ok, so this store has piqued my curiosity for a long time. Its in such an odd little plaza with hardly anything in it(expect one of my fav sushi spots). Below the name of the store on the sign it says something along the lines of "punk, steam punk(huh?) Gothic, etc". Not at all my style of clothes but I really wanted to see what it was all about. When I first walked in I was warmly greeted by a worker, which was appreciated, although I felt a little out of place in my non-alternative attire. I saw alot of black, alot of spikes, but the main thing is they have a pretty big variety of everything. Kind of like a hot topic store, but bigger and more selection id say. If I was into alternative wear this would be my one-stop shop. So for anyone searching for this particular style, id highly recommend ravens and rockers.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,7/10/2014,60,117,3,11,4>If you're trying to do the right thing for your health this is the place to go. The hot bar and the consistent good selection of soups, salads and other foods keeps me coming back for more. Customer service is above and beyond here, my little toddler managed to knock my soup on me and they were very helpful in assisting me when he didn't have to. They are constantly cleaning the dining area which is a good thing. Many a times the lady in the supplements area has been helpful and I always see her assisting customers sharing her knowledge of the supplements.There are also a lot of educational seminar events held here, I only wish they could duplicate this place so more people could benefit from its presence! I've been coming almost everyday and don't see myself stopping any time soon. If location is a deterrent for you to not come, then make arrangements when you can because it will be worth the commute. The crowd of people this place attracts are health conscious people but I've seen a lot of executives, Holk Hogan and his wife, students and a wide variety. I was a Whole Foods regular when I was in NY, and this is my local replacement.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,7/9/2014,192,203,4,6,4>I like Samurai Blue because its consistent. It's not my favorite sushi in Tampa because I think it's expensive but I have never had a bad experience here. I think  it's a great date place or place to suggest to out of towners. If you want to indulge the Blue Moon Roll is super yummy (who can go wrong with tempura lobster) and the Hawaiian Roll (macadamia nuts, fried shrimp and coconut- yum).  Personally I always like spicy sushi so I have gone with the Spontaneous Combustion and Red Dragon Roll. I also enjoy Nigiri and I think you can really tell the quality of sushi you are getting by how the Tuna tastes raw. Everytime I have gotten the Tuna it has been very fresh and yummy.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,7/8/2014,238,551,4,12,6>World of Beer is really blowing up, huh!?On that note, checked out a new WOB out in the Brandon area this week for a co-worker's going away party.  I was really impressed by the outside patio, which featured couches, a fire pit, and life size jenga (my favorite).  There was plenty of room for our big party to share some drinks and mingle and we had a great time.The beer selection, as always, was great.  You can't really get much better than WOB when it comes to variety of drinks.  Something special about this WOB:  They have food!  Hip hip hooray!  We tried out some appetizers (huge soft pretzels, cheese plate, onion rings, fried pickles).  All were good bar food.If you are a beer snob living in the Brandon area - you have found your heaven.  I will definitely be back for another happy hour when out in the area!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,7/7/2014,34,143,6,9,3>Their nighttime crowds had driven us away before but not this time.  We were asked if we wanted to sit inside or out and we then secured the nice corner booth.  This is not a cozy romantic Italian restaurant, it is a very loud and cramped space.  It makes for the perfect restaurant business model(of diners per square foot) but experiencing the cramped quarters can be a bit unnerving.I just want to say up front that we came here for the entrées not the pizza.  We do not care for coal oven cooked pies.  As usual, we were hungry.  So, we ordered the Calamari Fritti, House Salads and I ordered the Spaghetti Al Frutti di Mare and my partner ordered the Shrimp Fettuccine Alfredo.  As a heads-up, if you order an appetizer and salads at the same time they come out at the same time.  The calamari was a smallish portion of not very tender fried squid(see pic).  As other reviewers have stated, you do not get served the tentacles which makes them seem a bit inauthentic.  The salads were OK but when I asked for some bread I was told that it would cost $1.50.  Reading other reviews, it was noted that complimentary bread used to be served. Out of shock and spite, I said, "No, thank you."The entrées were wonderful!(see pics)  My pasta was in a wonderful tomato broth and there was a quite ample amount of calamari, shrimp and bay scallops.  The shrimp Alfredo was also great.  It was in a rather light cream sauce.  Most places serve the classical, rather thick and rich sauce but this one was still very good.  It came with approximately seven shrimp(it was hard to tell because they were being devoured so gustfully).  Both pastas came with two slices of bread.On future visits we will probably:  not order the fried calamari, pay the $1.50 for bread with our salads and opt for dining outside rather than scream at each other over the din, inside.  The wait staff was friendly and speedy.  The food seems reasonably priced.  With the noise and rushing around in their very cramped restaurant, it was quite a relief to exit into the night air.  We will return not because of the dining experience as much as the great tasting entrees.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,7/6/2014,35,104,4,5,4>My first response was..."They are so cute". My parents ordered a couple dozen cupcakes for my birthday, every type of cupcake they had but one. These cupcakes are much better than the ones I have had in St. Pete, they actually taste like homemade cupcakes and don't taste like they were made from a boy mix. Appearance: cute but a couple could have been decorated a little more. Flavors: All the flavors where good, I think the amaretto was one of my favorite. I also liked the chocolate heaven it was really moist and had great flavor. The chocolate chip one was really good I have to add that one to my list of favorites; I was very moist and full of chocolate chips. I'm not into banana so my family ate those and said they were really good.  There were a couple cupcakes that I wasn't impressed with, the peanut butter chocolate which is my favorite flavor combo, was very dry and disappointing. There was cheesecake one that tasted like vanilla cake and the frosting was flavored like cheesecake which was fine but I think the cake was somehow supposed to be like cheesecake. The coconut was ok but I think it was supposed to have coconut cream inside but it didn't.The carrot cake was good but a little heavy on the spice so if you like those spices this would be the cupcake for you. Overall they were good, the frosting had a good consistency and great flavor, almost all the cupcakes had good texture expect for one. Almost all of them were decorated nicely, a couple could have used a little more to them. So a little tweaking in a few areas would put my rating to a 5.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,7/5/2014,47,258,3,9,4>I went to SSU today and enjoyed it.  The manager told me that they've been open for only 6 business days.  They serve breakfast and lunch, but I went for lunch.  The manager told me that they intend to serve breakfast all day, but (for now) you can only get breakfast in the morning.Anyway, I ordered a customized "grilled cheese," but there were so many ingridients on the sandwich that it hardly deserved to be called a mere grilled cheese.  Unfortunately, they got my order wrong, but what I got was good, and I'm guessing they're still working out the kinks of just having opened.I recomend customizing your own sandwich.  Each additional ingredient is free, and there are a lot to choose from.Just to be clear, this restuarant has no seating, and you can't go inside.  Your order from the counter, which opens up to the street.  I don't recomend going on a rainy day, but I would recomend it if you're in a hurry.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,7/4/2014,100,358,4,5,4>Hi my name is Christina and I am addicted to Thuy's Vietnamese sandwiches!I would not care if this place was a hole in a wall (which it is not, by the way, it is actually quite cute inside), this place has great Vietnamese sandwiches.  I always get the grilled pork without jalapeno peppers (I have no stomach for spice).  The bread is crispy, the pork is juicy, and the vegetables are nicely pickled.  Just writing about the sandwiches make me want to drive over and get one.  Best thing about it, is it is pretty cheap at about $4 a sandwich, which is actually cheaper than La V.  My fiance gets his sandwich double meat no vegetables, so yes, even the pickiest eater can enjoy these sandwiches.Whenever you have a craving, call in, drive by, run out and grab it!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,7/3/2014,65,344,3,8,3>This place has a great lunch buffet.  For $8.99, you get to taste all sorts of yummy comfort food.  There were three proteins available (smothered chicken, baked chicken and fried fish), and a whole lot of sides.  I tried the red beans, sweet potatoes, and collard greens.  There were also mashed potatoes, cabbage, and cornbread.Everything tasted good.  I usually find myself needing hot sauce, but I thought the food was well-seasoned on its own.  The baked chicken was very tender, the fried fish had a very good batter (although it wasn't as crispy as I'd like).  I loved the red beans and rice.  The collards and yams were fine.The sole waitress was friendly and kept offering me refills of my sweet tea.  The decor isn't much, and I hate the parking lot, but this place is well worth the visit if you are craving southern comfort food around USF campus.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,4/18/2013,124,123,8,3,3>My experience at Grille One Sixteen was 1 Part South Beach, 1 Part Guy Talk and 1 Part Romance (unintentional).  Let me explain:My buddy Drew and I decided to go to eat somewhere for dinner.  It was after Christmas, we both had just come back from seeing our families.  We wanted try someplace that we had not been, so I said I heard that Grille One Sixteen was good.I get there first and walked in and the interior looked liked Nikki Beach nightclub in South Beach.  It was all white and very classy.  My friend Drew arrives a little bit later and sits down at our table.  I immediately explained that I didn't know that this place was as nice as it is.We open the menus and immediately notice the prices.  Ugh, not what we were expecting to pay for a dinner to catch up.   But whatever, the atmosphere is nice and we heard good things about the food.The Food:  Great.  I had the All American Cheeseburger and my friend had the Fresh Grouper Piccata.  As an appetizer we had Crispy Fried Calamari Strips with a Lemon Herb Aioli.  All of the food was excellently prepared for the most part.  I ordered my burger medium and it came out well done.  I did not feel like sending it back and ate it as is.  The burger was flavorful, but I've had better.  Not worth $15.  The Calamari was A-MAZING!  The Lemon Herb Aioli was a nice alternative to the standard marinara sauce.The Ambiance:  More suited for a date or group celebration as opposed to a place to grab a quick bite to eat to catch up with a buddy.  I definitely would take a date here (single ladies let me know if you want to go).  From the instant I walked in, I was mesmerized by the lighting, the chandeliers, the seating and overall décor.  The Service:  Our server was very attentive and ensured that all of our needs were met.  The Drinks:  Delicious.  I had a couple...okay a few Maple Old Fashioneds made with Makers Mark.  I highly recommend them - even if you are not a bourbon drinker.  All of the other specialty drinks looked tempting as well.When the bill finally came, the waiter did not separate it.  He put it all on one check and placed it closer to me.  I'm not sure if it was the pastel sweater I was wearing (joking), my buddy Drew talk of marriage or the fact that we decided to dine at a restaurant where a few of our other friends celebrated their anniversary, but I'm pretty sure the waiter thought my friend and I were a couple.  Haha.B. Major Grade:  A
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,4/17/2013,167,342,12,9,9>Good story: on Valentine's Day I was thinking about love. I thought to myself "what do I love? Well, I love pizza" so I decided that I should finally try this little pizza joint. Not only do I live in the neighborhood, I get sporadic Pizza Squared flier advertisements placed on my apartment door somewhat often and put them on my fridge to remind myself to go... but I had still not been there! So after a small battle with traffic I decided to make the stop on the way home. Yes, the truth is that I went and got a pizza for one on V-day. Don't judge me. I did have plans for later that night, but I was hungry at that moment and wanted to try it, so why not then?Pizza Squared is located in an unassuming, kind of run down (sorry) strip mall on 30th street not too far south of Fowler. I feel bad for the businesses on 30th because they have been doing road work on that street for what seems like forever, and it's a huge pain to turn left when you are traveling north on 30th. You basically have to illegally force your way between traffic cones and hope no one notices. I can't wait til that project is finished but chances are it never will be.Anyways back to the restaurant.... It is small with some seating but it seemed that most people were getting take-out. I wanted to try the square pizza but the cashier suggested it might be too big for one person (yep, one person call me out) so I got the 10-inch pizza and a free topping by checking in. You can also get a 10% discount by mentioning their facebook ad, but I didn't see that til afterwards. Price came to around $7.50 before tip. (Side note: apparently, you should tip at take-out thanks to a frustrating YELP talk thread that suggested people who don't tip for take-out are jerks, alright then thank you YELP.) The service was just fine.So... the pizza itself was good! And yes, the 10-inch is more than adequate for one person. I had leftovers which was nice. I especially liked the sauce, the soft crust and the cheese. I guess that means I liked everything! It didn't taste like take-out pizza... it tasted like pseudo italian restaurant pizza, if you know what I mean. Or homemade pizza where you actually make the crust. Anyways, I recommend giving this place a try and I will certainly be back. I still want to try the actual square pizza. May have made a mistake by not doing that, but it was still yummy. I'd say four stars for pizza, five stars for price and yelp discount, but I'll give them five overall because they are a local business and local businesses are awesome! Definitely check it out. Even if it's just a pizza for one.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,4/16/2013,112,150,7,3,2>Ask any gal and they will agree tooThe most important thing to do when you move somewhere new Is to find a great hairstylist that can give you beautiful tressesTo help you from looking like some hot messesAfter trying out some other not so good spotsI finally asked some girlfriends for their thoughtsThey steered me in the direction of La PoshAnd all I can say is "Oh My Gosh!"My looks and hair have finally found their zenAnd I'm back to being a fake blonde once again! Now if only the prices stayed the same every timeThey'd earn that fifth star today in my rhymeIt seems the price is different every time I goBut I keep going back to stay looking hot fo'sho'! Now lets hope being blonde doesn't affect my IQAnd with that wishful hope, I bid you adieu!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,4/15/2013,271,374,2,3,2>Swore I wrote a review for Ciro's before, but I guess it was for the Yelp event and not the actual venue. So here we go...Speakeasy like the 1920's?! Hidden location? Password required upon entering?! Cool, cool, and more cool! How can one not be excited?!Very small place, but very cool setup. There's the bar, then a lobby area with tables and a couch-like setup, then a line of private booth suites. Make reservations! Request a private booth. "Suite" is misleading because it's not big. The smaller ones hold 5 comfortably, squeeze 6. But it is unique in that there are curtains that let you close off the rest of the world, so you're in your own little bubble. And everyone that works there is dressed like they're from the '20s. Cute!Drinks are prepared by mixologists, who sure know what they're doing. You won't find your regular drink here. Why would you want to anyway? With the extensive drink menu, you have to try something new! For the ladies, I highly recommend the Bramble. Gin and blackberries. And the food. Oh my wow, the food. Duck fries. Truffle popcorn. Fondue. Yummy! They're all appetizers to share, but when you taste it, you may want to be selfish and keep all to yourself. I've visited Ciro's multiple times and have experienced pleasant service each time... until the most recent visit. Our group had reservations, seated in the lobby area, then moved to a booth. Sweet! But after 1.5hrs, we were being kicked out. Wait, what?! Of all the other times I've been here, this has never happened. My friends have sat in a booth til closing time. During those 1.5hrs, I did get the feeling we were being a little rushed. Usually servers are friendly, helpful, joke and have fun with you. This time was a little off. Someone ordered the absinthe presentation because it's been talked up among our group. We just HAD to see it being done. Apparently, we were shafted. No machine to drip the water. He just poured it. I thought it was still cool because I haven't seen it done before, but I feel cheated knowing there was more to it. Probably because they were busy and trying to get us out of there. Ah, the downside of Ciro's slowly becoming not a secret anymore. Oh, and. One HUGE recommendation I wish I could give the establishment is the music selection. 1920's speakeasy should play 1920's music. Set the mood. Match the atmosphere. Instead, they play modern tunes. Fail.So I guess if you do plan on going, pick a night you'd think isn't too busy so you won't be kicked out. But definitely make reservations anyway. They give you a password to play along.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,4/14/2013,63,147,5,9,4>Very very few places score a 5 star out of me, but to not give this place a 5 star after my 4 visits (thus far and counting) would be an ethics violation on my ratings book.This hole-in the wall BBQ shack from the outside is just that a small single room building fronting a wood fired pit in the back.  If you are a true BBQ fan at heart, then this place offers as authentic BBQ as possible.   Their award winning recipe produces finger licking good ribs, chicken.There is no seating here,  its to go and they don't deliver.  They do catering and are avid competitors at rib fests around.  Check out their award plaques.  The menu offers full, half ribs; whole, half, quarter chicken;  sandwiches and some sides.  Who cares about the sides when the ribs / chicken paired with their mild or hot bbq sauce is what should keep your mouth going astronomical with taste and finger tips covered in sauce.  One bite into a rib from Pit Stop Southern Style, and there is no going back to the mediocre.   I just wish they had BBQ wings.   I have to ask the next time I'm there.The meat is prepared perfectly tender for ribs and perfectly moist for chicken.  Drive by while they are open and the smell alone will drag you back in walking away with boxes of BBQ deliciousness.  Don't expect a fancy place, but expect taste and quality that is unmatched by many around.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,4/13/2013,134,672,2,8,3>A true vintage gem, recently restored and re-opened in downtown Tampa.  Clearly loads of money, applied with good taste and attention to detail.   IN my opinion, this is the classiest bar in town, in the classiest hotel.  Drinks are served with assured professionalism and warm conversation.   Drink specials include a "Between the Sheets" cocktail from pre-Prohibition days to help soldiers and sailors get lucky with elegance. The  old wood bar and furnishings suggest opulence without pretense.   Drink prices are a bit higher than most hotel bars or the nearby Hub, but the quality is immeasurably superior.   Clearly this is not a place to hang out in cut-offs, t-shirts and flip-flops, but we were treated with attentive respect in business casual...not requiring coat and tie and evening gownsDid not have dinner this time but checked the menu and found several enticing dishes, many of Greek origin.  Will definitely be back to dine and impress guests/friends.  For my money, the ambiance here far exceeds Berns and other local  reputed paragons.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,4/12/2013,238,551,5,10,5>Let me preface this by saying - this review is for the concert atmosphere.  While I did eat here, the experience is so much more than just the food!I have lived in Tampa for 8 years.  My fiance' is in a band and we love live music.  I cannot believe that I had never been to Skipper's until this weekend and I can't wait to come back again.We came for WNMF's event - Swamp Sista La La for International Women's Day.  We ordered our food inside and promptly moved to the back patio for the show.  What a great venue!  Set right under a beautiful Florida oak tree, Skipper's is truly a one of a kind concert spot.  The staff did a great job of moving the show along quickly and the sound was great!As for the food - I went for grilled scallops with baked beans and veggies (stupid wedding diet).  It was good - about what I would have expected for what I ordered.  Fiance' went for the Grouper Reuben (we saw it on Adam Richman's sandwich show).  It was really good and different!  Most noteworthy - the hot spiced rum!  Homemade apple cider with rum was PERFECT on a cold night.I can't wait for an excuse to go back to Skipper's and I have a feeling that excuse will be easy to find!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,4/11/2013,331,115,2,4,3>I have been frequenting this place for years, recently we have been conducting our "Thirsty Thursday's" for lunch here. We usually have a table of 4 and always ask for Mary Jane to be our server. She is one reason we return!The lunch's are reasonably priced, the drink specials are dangerous and the atmosphere is nothing shy of perfect. Sitting is available outside or in depending on your preference. I had the Cuban with fries and the sandwich was massive. It was good, not great but for the price it was reasonable. Check out the Yelp Deal, it's $5 off $25! One of the things about the Green Iguana is the location, it's tucked away so that most that frequent the bar are somewhat regulars. We will continue our tradition of Thirsty Thursday's here!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,4/10/2013,16,73,2,5,2>Congo River Golf is one of my wife's and I's favorite places to go on a date night. The course is tricky, but not so difficult that it is frustrating. The price can be a little steep, about $24 dollars, but there are almost always coupons floating around, and they usually run specials where you can buy second rounds for $5 that can be used anytime. The course will take you about 30-40 minutes with two people, and just over an hour with four. The course has water hazards, nice little bank shots, but it is an ease of play that means that someone will get a hole in one at some point.They also offer a scavenger hunt, which is fun the first or second time you go, and will get you a discount on your next outing. There is a little arcade, although some of the games are outdated. They also have baby alligators for you to feed, which can be fun for little children.The staff is always super nice and the place is upkept very well. It isn't rundown and does not feel like some hole in the wall attraction.My only complaint is that if it is busy, it can be annoying to have people ahead of you who take far too long to golf, or the people behind you who are apparently playing a speed round of putt putt. Again though, this is something you even run into playing regular golf, so not a huge hit for Congo.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,4/8/2013,39,77,2,4,2>Remember when this place was Yuki? Well, erase your memory of that dump. Kobe Italian has taken over this space and completely renovated. They still have hibachi tables and a sushi bar but that is where the comparison ends. I went here with a large group for lunch. We all ordered from the easy lunch menu that included 2 rolls, soup and salad for $8.99. The service was fast and excellent. The food was delicious. For a large group eating sushi I was impressed that we were in and out in an hour.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,7/6/2011,2378,688,6,8,8>A friend and I went on a ethnic market hunt and just as I started complaining that there are basically no Puerto Rican food spots in Tampa, I turned around and saw a food truck called La Guaguita waving a Puerto Rican flag.A quick look at the menu and I saw many favorites such as mofongo, alcapurrias, pastelillos, tostones rellenos con pulpo, arroz con gandules y pernil, tostones, and also various sandwiches. All choices were at reasonable prices (~$8 for a full meal, $1 or $2 a la carte), this truck doesn't over-charge for ethnic food. They also had various refreshments, including my personal favorite: Malta India.  I decided to order their arroz con gandules y pernil or rice with pigeon  peas and roast pork ($6.00), which was fantastic! It only took a few minutes to come out and I would say it was as good as a home-cooked meal (sadly my family doesn't cook much Puerto Rican food these days because they became lazy!). The rice was moist and the peas also had an authentic taste. The pernil (roast park) was also excellent and really hit the desired taste perfectly, the fat was rich with succulence. Normally I only have this dish during the holiday season, so it was nice to enjoy it for an afternoon lunch for a change. It also came with small salad that had plenty of flavoring from some salt and pepper. The employees were friendly with us and the crowd was welcoming, explaining any menu concern we might have. Many people came and went as fellow Yelper Odion B. noted. They accept major credit cards such as Visa and Mastercard, so you don't have to worry about keeping cash on you as well.I am really happy to have found a Puerto Rican food truck and hope to come back to their empanadas and mofongo in the future :).
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,7/5/2011,221,219,5,7,7>Well, here goes nothing....I came back for a pretty fabulous dinner recently with my good friend. Being a sandwich enthusiast, he got the Reuben. Being a fan of lots of dead animals, I ordered the special of the night, which was a steak and shrimp skewer over a bed of wild rice in a mushroom sauce. Served with a side of bacon wrapped asparagus. We ordered guacamole as an appetizer, to see if it was as good as my homemade guacamole. Embarrassingly enough, it was probably a little bit better than mine. When our food came out, I was concerned that my portion was too small (for $20, in a very casual atmosphere, I didn't want to overpay). But, as I dug into the dish, it turned out to be the perfect amount. When you have skewers of steak, it's probably a good idea to never expect the best, as a small cut of meat easily overcooks. Well, I don't know HOW they did it, but my steak was seriously great. Pink and moist and flavorful. The shrimp were tasty, and the wild rice was killing me it was so good. Obviously the bacon wrapped asparagus was great, too.Shockingly enough, our waitress was super sweet and attentive as well. She was easy to talk to and I felt really comfortable with her. I wandered over to the cafe/bakery and picked up some of their French Macaron cookies. They were much better than expected! I'd say, honestly, that they might be the only "true" macaons I've had in the Tampa Bay area. Brunch here kind of hurts me, however. I think it's great that Datz is popular. But WHY ARE THERE SO MANY JERKS THAT EAT HERE? Seriously, waiting an hour for brunch wasn't really a lot of fun for me. The one (seemingly) highlight was the "build your own Bloody Mary" bar they have downstairs. It was only $5 and I could load my drink with anything I wanted. It was a good idea at the time, because I was bored and starving, but it wasn't a really good Bloody, since everything was poured warm and weak. Meh.I ordered hash...the name on the menu is "Datz a Good Hash", which I stubbornly refused to say, because I have a real bone to pick with punny food names. I should not be humiliated by my food. My friend got some sort of eggs benedict shit that I will never go near because I am terrified of poached eggs. The hash was really good, and I liked the bits of potato in it. Yum. My friend claimed his dish was good as well. All in all, the breakfast menu doesn't really appeal to my personal tastes, but I will for SURE come back for dinner.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,7/4/2011,151,511,2,4,2>I was feeling a bit under the weather today and decided to have some soup for lunch. I was going to head over to Jason's Deli, but my sister suggested this Greek place in the Publix strip plaza with good Greek lemon soup. I pulled into the plaza and thought "Famous Greek Salads? How unimaginative a name." Then as I walk closer, I find out it's not simply "Famous Greek Salads," it's "Pappas Famous Greek Salads" as in Pappas from Tarpon Springs where I learned that a Greek salad just isn't as good if it doesn't have a scoop of potato salad hiding under the lettuce. I was going to be economical and get the soup/salad combo with the house salad, but I couldn't resist the mini chop. The soup was fantastic with orzo in it. It just wish they wouldn't skimp on the chicken. The bread was light and fluffy and tasted delicious with butter. I got a hot tea for my throat which they offered with lemon or cream. The salad was fabulous. I wouldn't call it mini, but I guess it would be in comparison to the regular size. It was topped with radishes, which I never thought I liked but found that in the right situation, I could tolerate them. And oh, the potato salad. What a treat!Another patron's gyro looked delicious. I'll have to return for a taste! Probably on a Thursday since they currently have buy one, get one 1/2 off on Thursdays. Their other weekly specials were unique too. Today (a Tuesday) they offered a free drink with the purchase of a salad or sandwich. And Mondays are mini Mondays where the mini salads are $1 off. Fridays, you get $1 off if you pay in cash. I can't remember Wednesday, but they all looked good.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,7/3/2011,106,46,3,5,5>After trying and enjoying Sa Ri One's original restaurant down in Cypress, South Dale Mabry I knew that their newer and modest location would be just as good. The "Lunch Box" is very small and located in a narrow plaza next to construction, so be careful not to miss it down on 56th St. opposite of the Burger King. There is limited parking and seating inside, but it's appropriate when the place is mostly meant to accommodate on-the-go or take-out orders. Lunch Box is very convenient for busy and frugal USF students like myself, who want the taste of Sa Ri One for half the price. The menu is very limited and does not serve all the foods like the original location. But the choices are great. Their lunch specials include the popular Korean dishes Bulgogi in choices of Beef, Pork, and Chicken, Beef Galbi, Katsu Chicken or Pork, and Chicken Teriyaki, which are served with 2 fried dumplings, pickled cucumber salad, a generous amount of white or fried rice, and your choice of beverage all for $8-9. The lunch portions may be a bit smaller than the dinner ones, but it is more than enough food for two people. I usually save the other half for later because it's that good. The lunch specials are the way to go when coming here for the first time. My favorite lunch special is the Pork Bulgogi because I like how the sweet and spicy sauce that it is cooked in makes the pork taste so tender. It is very good and very filling. Their quick on-the-go menu serves Deep-Fried Seafood from Whiting to Blue Crab in a sweet sauce. They also serve Fried Chicken in Boneless, wings and drum sticks smothered in different flavors where you can choose the degree of spice from Mild to Hot. All choices look very savory and can be served in half or whole portions. Then there is also their Original wings served from 10 to 50 pieces.For other healthy choices, Lunch Box serves Kimpap which looks like sushi, but it actually isn't. The fillings are regular white rice, seaweed paper, and 3 vegetables and egg with your choice of: Beef, tuna, cheese, ham, or only veggies. Kimpap is great for on-the-go and doesn't require utensils. Use your fingers! Another choice would be the Bibimbob which is like a Korean salad filled with steamed white rice, hot red paste sauce, bean sprouts, spinach, carrots, radish, mushroom, topped with a pouched egg, and with your choice of shredded Beef, Chicken, or only Veggies.Every time I visit Lunch Box, I can never go wrong with my favorite dish: Pork Bulgolgi. When you visit for the first time, you should try the lunch specials and see for yourself.If you are not familiar with any Korean dishes, just ask the server. They are very friendly and happy to help. Have fun eating!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,7/2/2011,143,262,5,6,7>I came looking to drown my sorrows. This was the perfect place. If the selection craft beers on tap weren't enough to put a smile on my face, trying them would turn that frown upside down. The staff is helpful and kind. The patrons are friendly and easy to converse with. Apparently I have to try this place on a Wednesday night. Perhaps, when my students are on Spring Break, I can enjoy my Wednesday night responsibly and check out the buzz.As General MacArthur promised the Filipinos:"I shall return!"
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,7/1/2011,187,57,21,8,9>Dear Cristina, Please don't be alarmed when you read this Yelp review and find out that I took our 8 month-old son to Mr. Dunderbak's while you were blueberry picking with Nora. There were extenuating circumstances. First, I was very hungry after babysitting all day while they were working on our car. Second, I have never been to Mr. D's, not even when it was located in University Mall. I used to take our daughter for stroller walks in the mall when it was hot outside and I would peek in the dark, mysterious joint, but never actually sat down. Third, Mexico was playing Argentina in the World Cup and although I do not know anything about soccer, I was seriously struck by the urge to spend some quality time with my son, surrounded by people who were watching the game. Also, it was raining.But really, it is not as bad as it sounds. For one thing, there were lots kids around Mr. D's, including what appeared to be a two month-old and several 8 to 10 year-old kids. Second, the place is smoke free. Also, the staff had no problem grabbing a highchair from the stack near the door, so it is not like having babies and toddlers is unusual for them. In fact, none of the staff seemed surprised at all while we were there. The place is not huge. When you walk in there is a room with a bar on the right, another room with with a GIANT projection TV and tables on the left. The main room has a bar on the right, a gazebo like area in the middle and some Oktoberfest-like tables on the left. Of course, there are tons of inviting bottles stacked all around.You know that I like beer, so I don't need to go into that. I couldn't see the selection list perfectly well, but it was extensive. I tried to order a pint of apricot wheat ale , but was told that they were out and had nectarine wheat ale instead. Of course, your remember from when we used to brew beer (before we had kids) how hard it is to get the fruit right.  I was concerned about it being too sweet, but ordered it anyway. It really was good.Armed with toys and coasters to occupy my co-pilot, I spent some time studying the menu. I'm certain the sandwiches are awesome, but I figured that I should get something really German. I ordered the Jagerschnitzel, which is, of course, wiener schnitzel covered with a tasty onion and mushroom gravy. I got a side of green beans and sauerkraut.  It was as flavorful as it sounds. I manged to eat about half, while feeding and entertaining the little one.Anyway, now you see that the whole experience was quite reasonable. I don't think there is any need to be concerned about our little father-son trip. There is a decent chance that you may not even find out, because I'm not going to post this review to Facebook and I carefully hid the leftovers under some salad and carrots in the fridge.I can't wait to eat them!Love you!-Nate
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,6/30/2011,391,402,4,7,4>With friends in town for the Tampa Beer Fest, we wanted to start Saturday morning right. Because it was started so right, we went back Sunday.As I'm new to the area I had to look for a breakfast place around Dana Shores. My options were Denny's (which was not an option) and Nicki's. At first I was a bit cautious because I didn't know if it would be just a local Denny's. Much to everyone's surprise, Nicki's is one of the best breakfast places I have ever been.Now I hate eggs, but that doesn't mean I didn't take a look at the huge omelet menu. If you have favorite fixins, they have it in a special omelet, or you can make your own. They also have staples like pancakes, waffles, french toast, grits and something I highly recommend: the biscuit debris - 4 fresh made biscuits, covered in gravy, topped with bacon, ham, eggs (if you want) and cheese, with a side of great home fries.Again, my friends and I came on both Saturday and Sunday. Sunday as far busier, and we had to wait a bit, but the staff was still prompt taking our orders as well as supporting out caffeine addiction with refills in coffee or soda.Its going to be tough to not go to Nicki's every week, even if I sit at the counter by myself.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,6/29/2011,34,118,9,7,8>Dear Taco Bus, I've been meaning to try you out for quite some time now. Please don't that take personally it's just that you're kind of located in a weird part of Tampa I would usually never visit. But today marked the day I finally had an excuse to cross the bridge from Pinellas to make this long overdue trek. I easily overlooked the general seediness of the area as I trusted in the many Yelps that lured me to you in the first place. There were untold yummy vegetarian taco treats awaiting me. Would they be as good as I had imagined? Yes! Absolutely! You lived up to all my expectations and even surpassed them in some unexpected ways. Thanks, giant salsa verde on the table. You were delicious and had just the right hint of spice and heat. You went so well with my food. What a welcome surprise to find a butternut squash taco, and what an even better surprise to find out how good it tasted in between the warm corn torillas sprinkled with a generous amount of cotija queso. Yum!Other veggie options like tofu and vegan steak in a taco, totally awesome and equally delicious. Why don't more places take your lead Taco Bus? I commend you. So often vegetarians are forgotten relegated to one poorly crafted option but you embrace multiple choices. Name me another place where carnivores and vegans can sit side by side one enjoying a beef tongue taco, the other living it up with some delightful soy! Well done.All of these wonderful things on a giant lunch special plate and all for only $7.50? Did I mention the beans and rice knocked my socks off? Well, they did! So all-in-all, a fantastic pilgrimage I must say. What else could I ask from you Taco Bus? Well, I come home to write up this review and  low and behold you surprise me once again. The Taco Bus is coming to St. Pete! I just read on the Creative Loafing website that you just signed a lease for a space at 2320 Central Ave. in St. Petersburg, just blocks from Tropicana Field. Now I would like to take credit for this news. I mean really Taco Bus.. it can't be mere coincidence that my first visit from St Pete, and I hear you are moving closer to my home? It's cool... it can be our little secret, and I very much look forward to visiting you soon. Without the 45 minute trek out to Tampa I can promise we'll be seeing each other again soon. So remember sometime in the future when you visit bus numéro dos and scarf down a delicious taco or burrito, you can thank me for making it all possible. =-D
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,6/8/2013,17,59,2,3,2>Their breadsticks are absolutely divine. Ours came in a large metal bowl with a huge layer of melted butter on the bottom. The bread was very soft and very garlicy. Absolutely amazing. They served the breadsticks with marinara sauce, but when I discovered the butter I just kept dipping them in that.Their pepperoni pizza is really good. I liked the crust, especially. You might be thinking 'yeah, it's a pepperoni pizza, so what?' But I can tell that this pizza was amazing. The pepperonis were large and tasty, the cheese was super hot and so gooey - as you pulled a piece away, long strings of cheese would follow. I can't remember what type of cheese they said they used, but it was really great. The tomato sauce had a really good flavor, too. As we waited for our food, we got to watch one of the employees tossing pizza dough. This was fairly entertaining and my kids really enjoyed it. They had a large 1-topping on sale for $7 (ish?) when we went, which was cheaper than their smalls, and definitely worth the price.Their dining room is on the small side, and a little outdated as far as decor, but the food was worth it. We'll stop by again.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,6/6/2013,97,334,2,4,2>I really enjoyed the location of the Sail Pavillion more than anything else about it. I stopped by during the most recent Brews & Bites event (2nd Fri of every month). We ordered several draft beers from the Pavillion during our visit, but not mixed drinks or snacks. Others in our party commented that the drinks were mixed okay, but nothing special. As far as beers on draft, there isn't really anything special or craft there. The specials were on Yuengling and Bud Light. We opted for Shock Top, which was $4. They do have what looks like a separate bar on the one side facing the street, which is where the live music was. The band seemed decent, but the acoustics not great. You had to be IN the pavillion to hear much, and we were seated outside. The pavillion has separate bathrooms, which are actual restrooms, which was nice. They have lots of seating available, and a nice dock to walk out on and enjoy the view across the river. They share a small drive with the Convention Center's drop off, but a lot of people were parking here on Friday night. I believe you're supposed to park at the forum or find street parking, which makes it tricky. We actually had some in our party pass it by because the parking situation was hard to figure out. Brews and Bites was pretty cool. There were 5 food trucks (one didn't show) and the weather was due to be awful. It ended up slightly windy and no rain, so the perfect night, especially once the rain died down. The amount of people there was perfect, but I've heard it can get quite busy. I'm thinking the weather evened it out. We'll definitely be back. This would be a great place to visit during the day on a Saturday or Sunday.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,6/5/2013,83,169,2,2,2>I heard about this place from a friend as well as had passed by  it while walking around downtown a few times.  Although, I am not a vegetarian I do love my vegetables.  My friends and I decided to stop by here after visit the Starbucks around the corner and I finally decided to give it a try.  I got the falafel appetizer and my friend ordered the mini baklava's.  All was tasty and my friend whom had never tried a falafel loved it.  I did not eat them but apparently the mini baklava's were very tasty too according to my two friends.  A small place but you can sit indoors or outdoors.  For casual get together for lunch I feel this would be a good place to visit; especially if you are looking to get your veggie feel for the day!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,6/4/2013,185,219,5,5,2>Ice Cream doesn't just sell turkey legs. He sells Delicious turkey legs. Doubt me? Check the side of his truck. Says so right there. And its true. In fact, delicious doesn't quite explain the splendor that is the mighty turkey leg served by the one called Ice Cream.Thanksgiving was less than a week ago and today I ordered a turkey leg... I don't know why. I walked up to the truck and maybe it was the billowing, smokey, wonderful smells coming from the stack that got to my head, but I stood there not knowing what to order. When asked for a second time what I wanted, I simply blurted out, Turkey Leg! Like a mesmerized Ralphie when asked by Santa what he wanted for Christmas. Instead of football, I blindly spouted off the only thing that came to mind. Turkey Leg. Watching Ice Cream wrap the leg in aluminum foil, he seemed like a sort of BBQ Santa. Three layers of wrapping to ensure it stayed hot. This guy's awesome. I could sit here and explain how good this turkey leg ends up being, how the meat just fell off the bone and was moist, smokey and amazing but really this is something you should experience for yourself. Get a side of BBQ sauce too. I don't know if he makes it himself but its good.Now naturally, I couldn't just eat my turkey leg by itself, so I also added a side of potato salad... this side of potato salad could work for two people, maybe three and was only $2.50. And much like its poultry partner... pretty darn good.. Ill be back Ice Cream. And next time Ill be ready. Ribs please?
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,6/3/2013,85,155,4,5,2>Such a cute place for a fun different treat.  Very cute, clever cupcakes.  Not too big, not too small.  Just right.  My daughter had chocolate on chocolate with edible glitter which she is still fascinated by (Mommy, I've never been able to eat glitter before.  Are you sure it's OK?).  My son opted for the coconut.  Their special today was a "Pay Day" cupcake and damn if she didn't nail it.  Looked just like one, loaded with peanuts!They were both inhaled.  My son wanted seconds and he is such a healthy eater, he never asks for seconds of anything.  My daughter, of course, can never have enough chocolate.They also have some very cute cupcake type tshirts and other cute little tchakis inside.  All in all, a nicely put together little place that I will stop again the next time in Safety Harbor and so should you!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,6/2/2013,104,138,2,7,4>Growing up in the Tampa Bay area I started going to this theatre on field trips in elementary school. I knew this place was special from the first time I stepped foot in it. It's one of Tampa's prettiest buildings in my opinion. It really captures that "Old Tampa" feel. The outside looks like a old time movie theatre but the inside is where it really shines.Just walking into the theatre there isn't a shortage of things to look at. The walls have so much detail that going there just once would not be enough to see everything there is to see. As much as I love the deatils on the walls on the inside of the building, my favorite part, hands down, is the ceiling. As you go into the building, you look up and the ceiling looks like a beautiful starry night. This place is honestly a great place for a date. I've been there to see plays, live music and movies. I've had a wonderful experience for everything. If you live in the Tampa Bay area, you really need to go to the Tampa Theatre at LEAST once. You will not be sorry!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,6/1/2013,56,117,2,19,2>OK so I went there last night for the invite only opening.  This place is super nice.  This is the Rolls Royce of shooting ranges.  At least until inconsiderate people mess it up.  I will want to see how their maintainance holds up.  But till then... Holy Cow!!!So  you walk in and the first thought is that this place is HUGE.  Most gun stores and ranges have the feeling that they were put together with wire and bubble gum.  They tend to be poorly run and dirty.  They tend to look like people beat every item in the place with a baseball bat.  Think ... how you feel the morning after Gaspirilla!This store is HUGE, and NEW, and CLEAN, and WELL BUILT.  They have a reception desk made of wood with modern technology just like a nice club or bank might.  Then they have two seperate stores and a locked, rare gun room in sight behind them.  To my right was the rifle range and WAY down a 75 Yard hallway is the pistol range.  I had to fight the siren song of the rifle range because, to me, if it isn't a high powered lead slinger then whats the point...  And so I check out the TWO stores.  The store on the right is smaller and sells their assault weapons.  I walked right up and picked up a totally tricked out Mossberg shotgun.  Behind the courter were hundreds of M4's. Ar15's, Bernelli's, and a bunch of sniper rifles.  And that was just my first look.  They even told me that half their inventory hadn't arrived yet.  The other store sells the more mainstream stuff.  You can get hunting rifles and shot guns, handguns, knives, and a ton of ammo and accessories.  They were obviously still stocking this but the selection was way better than any other gun store that I have been in.  The only drawback may be that the gun supply here was more mainstream and I like wierd and old.  The Ammo... the regular store only had tactical, high end ammo in stock.  However, these were cheap for tactical ammo.  I was looking at the Hornady Z-Max zombie killer ammo for a .380 Auto and it was $22.95 for the box.  The retail on that is normall $25.85.  So that is not too shaby.  The range has its own ammo station and I was told that for the normal ammo you can use your own.  The only time that you MUST use their ammo is when you are shooting their metal reactive targets.  Then you have to use ammo that won't damage it.  For those who have never use a metal reactice target, it is like a shooting gallery target but sturdier where the metal part moves into a new shooting position when shot.  This lets you practice on moving targets and allows you to "duel" someone else which is SUPER FUN! So now I went to the lounge.  They have a lounge with couches, big screen TV's and a meeting space large enough for a few hundred people.  The facilities were super modern and even have windows that you can watch the shooters through while sitting in comfort or having lunch.  Now I actually skipped the walk to the pistol range by going through the lounge and this was a shame because they are building a museum down that 75 yard hallway.  I saw a dozen rare guns from WWII and WWI.  They have full sized anti tank weapons and even Artillary.  And while I am at it, I forgot to mention the rare gun room.  It was half stocked when I was there but this is where they keep the Italian, artisan made shotguns.  This room will be appointment only to protect the guns but WOW are they amazingly beautiful.  First, I hate hate hate indoor ranges.  This is mostly because the range masters are sick of people being dangerous and they get rude to me.  I am an advanced shooter and just want to be ignored by them.  They seemed very nice but only time and a crowed will show me what is really going on.  However, the facilities are State of the Art!  The HEPA particulate filter (which keeps the air clean of dangerous particles) was super powerful and actually created a vacuum as we entered an airlock that could fit a medium sized crowd.  When we entered the lane we saw how bright it was.  A big complaint is that ranges never replace bulbs when people mess up and shoot a bulb.  Here they were all covered to protect them and had scientific baffles to channel bullets straight down range if they riccochet.  The target dolly was high tech and computer controlled so that it wouldn't wack you.  There is an intercom straight to the range master if you have a problem AND they have a courier to get you ammo if you run low so that you don't waste range time.  They were carrying Federal Ammo which is a good brand and it seemed to be marked more reasonably than most ranges I have been to.  But the Rifle Range was the stand out by far.  7 lanes of 100 yards that were perfectly lit, totally comfortable, and oozing awesome.  The best part?  They have a camera at each station that shows you your target on a monitor at your station.  Why you might ask?  So you can track your shots without realling in the target.  This is brilliant. Now for design and execution this place is 5*
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,5/31/2013,204,405,4,5,4>How good are the grouper tacos at Cali's on Mandalay?Well, during my visit, when manager Eric and another family member stopped by to introduce themselves and ask how I found the food, I could only say this...."These tacos are the best tasting thing that have touched my lips since Amy Wilhite kissed me in high school!"   Remember that first serious crush where you were smitten and it made you weak in the knees? That's how good these grouper tacos are.  :-)I visited Cali's back on 11/27/12 during their limited opening, and while hoping (but failing) to get back during regular operations to dine again, I shamefully haven't written this review until now.   But the grouper tacos I had that day were just outstanding.   Incredible authentic Baja California style flavors cooked and presented perfectly, all delivered up by a local family committed to creating a great dining experience.But I will be getting back to Cali's on 2/23/13 for a Yelp UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event, see below....come and join us from 11am to 4pm!) so I'll definitely be updating my review with more flavors then.yelp.com/events/clearwatRight now, Cali's stands at the very top of my list of ~35 Most Authentic Mexican Restaurants in North Pinellas (see below).Amy, I don't know where you've been since the early '70s, but if you want to find me, Cali's is a good bet!Atmosphere:   (no weighting as Cali's had not officially opened yet)Service:   5Food:   5Value:   5
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,5/30/2013,254,1058,7,9,9>I'm not a huge beer drinker, but I was invited to meet some friends for a frosty, cold Adult beverage tonight, and that sounded like a great idea. They selected the Carrollwood location of World of Beer (or WOB as known by the regulars), and so off we went.World of Beer sits on the end of a retail strip mall along Dale Mabry in Carrollwood at the intersection of South Village Drive, and within walking distance of my neighborhood Catholic Church. (Forgive me Father...)  This retail center includes a Chili's, Ocean Blue Sushi, Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza, a comedy club, etc.The interior has an attractive brick wall decor, dark wood furniture, padded bar stools, and some terrific 60" high definition flat-screen TVs with plenty of sports programming. World of Beer also has outdoor patio seating which was packed tonight, so we sat inside and enjoyed the air conditioning instead. They also have live music a couple of nights a week.The star of the show is clearly the beer, and Holy Wow these folks have an incredible selection! A quick glance of the beer menu and the overstocked beer coolers made my jaw drop. The menu says over 500 beers, and I don't doubt it at all. I'm going to take a wild guess and say that they had about 50 beers on tap, and the remainder are chilling in the coolers. Lots of craft and imported beers. This is clearly not the place to come if you only drink Budweiser - just climb back up on your horse, Cowboy, and go find a different watering hole!If you're a regular of WOB, then you should check out their Loyalty Club program where you can earn T-shirts, promotional products, and a liver transplant depending on how many different beers you drink. They have similar programs for students and faculty, as well as for those who work in the service industry.Tonight I tried the Florida Avenue Ale which was a wheat ale with a little citrusy taste, and then got Magic Hat #9 which has been a favorite ever since that rainy night in June 2012 at the Lowry Park Wazoo Beer festival when I first met Brett and got introduced to Yelp. *lifts my glass to him*If I was more of a drinker I'd likely make this my usual hang out since I like the vibe, the friendly service, and the incredible selection.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,5/29/2013,288,121,3,10,8>Jet City Espresso is located just outside downtown Tampa on a hidden street I never have thought to drive on until my GPS told me to turn on it today. Basically if you weren't looking for Jet City Espresso, chances are you're never going to see it. It's a hidden treasure in all senses of the term.The mini-coffee shop is run by free-spirited Jessica, who's passion for coffee grew and developed when she was living in the heart off the coffee mecca that is Seattle. A couple of years ago she moved to Tampa and opened Jet City Espresso right next to her living room. Every weekday she opens up shop from 7:00am - 2:00pm (11am - 1pm on the weekends) and welcomes coffee addicts into her home. She'll happily share her life story with you as she whips up one of her unique espresso/ coffee creations and loves to hear about your adventures as well. She's a hardcore traveler, closing up shop over the summer to travel the U.S. for a month, and she's a dedicated triathlete and endurance runner.Before today's visit I'd never been to Jet City Espresso, but after enjoying some beverages there today, and getting to know Jessica in the process, I can't wait to return and support her beautiful business.We had a quite a group of us there today (5 in total) and there were just enough chairs for us all to have a seat and enjoy our coffees before heading off to work. This may have been hidden spot for me, but the locals definitely knew where to get the best coffee at. There was a steady flow of customers throughout the morning, with a line 4-5 people deep forming every once in a while. A smile remained on Jessica's face the entire time, as the one-woman-show took orders and slung out drinks as quickly as she could muster. Everyone stayed in a good mood and the regular customers greeted the owner as if they were lifelong friends. I was there for about 30 minutes and the energy that filled the coffee shop was so inspiring, you couldn't help but leave the place with a smile.Per a couple of friends' suggestions, I ordered the "Ned Head" which was a fresh fruit smoothie with spinach and hemp seed. The smoothie was delicious, it was sweet, but not too over powering. It was also refreshing and left me feeling very energized.When I had arrived everyone was ordering Jet City Espresso's signature drink the "Cafe Borgia." I was a little thrown off when I read the description - an espresso drink with a hint of orange? Definitely not something I would have ordered on my own. However, I couldn't resist trying the highly recommended creation and grabbed a sip of Mary's drink. One word - wow. That drink was good. So good that I ordered one to go as we were all leaving.If you're ever in Tampa, please take my advice and skip the tourist spots and head straight to Jet City Espresso for a Cafe Borgia. You may wonder where the heck your GPS is taking you when you turn off of the main road onto a small narrow residential street, but trust me, that just means you've reached the right spot. Walk-in, say hello to Jessica, and order the espresso drink with orange - you'll be glad you did.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,9/20/2014,252,699,5,7,5>We stopped here on Father's day. The place was hopping, but we were sat immediately.  We took a minute to look over the menu and placed our orders, The mexican omlette for the husbeastie and French Toast for me.It didn't take long for our food to get to us and when it came out it was delicious. Both of us cleaned our plates.  The only thing I'll note is that the ac was broken and our waitress was too enamoured with another table's child to pick up our order which was in the window for a good 5 minutes before another waitress brought it to us.They don't hesitate package things up to go for you, and are happy to give you to go cups for your drinks as well. I'll certainly come back.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,9/19/2014,159,231,6,8,7>It's Sunday afternoon and you find yourself aimlessly driving around Tampa, wanting to find a nice spot on the water to relax and have a drink. This is your place.It's easy to spend a lot longer here than you intended, just watching the boats come in and out of the marina. I don't have much to say about the food here (not sure if I have ever actually eaten here -- lush) and I usually end up at the downstairs bar, Duke's. Don't be fooled by the parking situation... it always looks like it's packed since there are cars lined up all over the street, but I find that's usually not the case. I think most of the spots in the parking lot are taken early by boaters using the marina, so Hula Bay customers end up parking along the street. P.S. Currently have a Yelp check-in deal for one free drink!P.P.S. They have a pool here which used to be overtaken by STDs (South Tampa Douchebags) but from what I can tell from my most recent visit this is no longer a hot spot.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,9/18/2014,181,241,8,9,9>EVERYONE SHOULD GO HERE, AT LEAST ONCE. But then stay away, so then there will always be room for ME.Small, intimate, small business owners with a knack for what they do. Holy Heck! Unless you crave commercial products with hit or miss service, the Library Coffeehouse is sure to be a visit you'll want to make regularly. Located just south of Bay to Bay on S. Dale Mabry, the Library Coffeehouse is discreetly placed in a small strip plaza, easy to miss if you're not looking closely. Upon entering, welcome good music, books to read, sedate, quaint, unassuming....and delicious. Friendly service, custom orders, homemade baked goods to die for (Pumpkin muffin in April? With homemade granola on top? I die). Can we clone this business? I can't wait to eat an actual breakfast or lunch here.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,9/17/2014,187,298,14,8,7>I signed up for a single's buffet dinner here because I wanted to see what the place was all about. You only live once (YOLO), right? I wasn't sure if people would be semi-naked at the buffet or not, but I was ready for anything. Everyone was clothed but there were some racy outifts and non-outfits at the dance club later. It was cold the evening I went so there wasn't much to see by the pool. But the facilities are quite nice and people seemed relaxed and friendly. It wasn't just geezers and the evening crowd was fairly diverse including some younger folks. One of these days I'll be back. But it's pretty spendy to go as a single guy ($100 bucks I think?). So sign up for the dinner buffet, you don't have to get naked for it and the food is decent.. It's mostly an over 50 crowd, and you can stick around for the dance club later and use the pool or sauna in the meantime. Or just get your beautiful girlfriend to bring you. I think the pool area is nude except Sundays when it's clothing optional according to the info I saw. They seem to have some fairly wild swinger and social parties including out-of-town visitors, according to the brochures I saw. But there are also people who just enjoy being unencumbered by clothing, as one woman informed me (she was clothed at the time). There are a couple of bar areas, one that includes food service (I think).Anyway, I think it's cool that this place is in the Tampa area. Let freedom rein! I'm giving it 5 stars. LET IT ALL HANG OUT!!!p.s.  I'm always curious about the "clothing optional" clothing store I pass further down on 41. What kind of clothing is clothing optional? Are there extra holes? I guess that's an adventure for another day..
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,9/16/2014,107,237,8,7,6>The quality of burgers here is nothing short of impressive. 3 styles of burgers and your choice of protein. Authentic English pub? - heck if I know, I've never been to England but who cares! It's all about the food and this place does a hell of a job with burgers and is worth a stop for more than just drinks.I know people hate on veggie burgers - some are bland and yucky, it's true, but i got the veggie burger topped with beer cheese (!) and fried onion rings on a soft pretzel bun and I promise you, you will re-think any previous ideas about this healthier eating option. The burger had a great spice to it, which was accentuated by the peppery onion rings and a rich thick beer cheese (!). I was skeptical about a pretzel bun, but it was very soft and fresh with a dash of salt on top. Did i mention that they load beer cheese (!) on this  burger?!?  Deliriously yummy.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,9/15/2014,84,144,5,11,7>The Venue: 5 starsI wish I live closer to the Wat because I love going here. The temple is gorgeous and the grounds it's on is enchanting. It's located right next to the Palm River and has lots of tall trees which provide much needed shades onto the many picnic tables provided for us to use.The Food: 4 starsI love the variety of Thai food the Wat offers. Some of my favorites are Fried Plantains, Pumpkin Curry and Shrimp Spring Rolls. There's a Noodle Soup (reminds me of pho) that's wildly popular according to the outrageously long line, but I don't particularly care for. I've also had Pad Thai and wings and I think they're just okay. If you're a fan of Thai desserts, then you gotta check out the dessert assortment.The Drinks: 5 starsYou can't beat $1 each for Thai Iced Coffee, Thai Tea, coconut water, sodas and bottled water. I always get at least 1 coffee when I'm here.Parking can be a little difficult if you arrive after 11am, but I'm sure the helpful volunteers will find you a spot. The Sunday Market is from 9:30am to 1pm, but it's best to arrive before 10:30am or the lines will get long and some items might run out if you get there after noon.I love going to the Wat because despite the hundreds of people being there on any given Sunday, there's a feel of tranquility once you're on the property. It's a great place to spend a Sun morning or take out of towners or meet up with friends.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,9/14/2014,97,705,2,11,10>Located next to the Greek quick serve restaurant and Starbucks, this little shop is great. I discovered I was pregnant and was expecting these horrible symptoms-morning sickness, nausea, fatigue etc. Luckily I have had a VERY easy pregnancy and have been symptom free. But with that comes the fear that something isn't right. Luckily Sneak a Peek is there!They mainly focus on women who are further along than me-gender reveal,3D later on in the pregnancy and DVDs. They also offer a "reassurance" scan for $30 for women who are like me and need to know everything is ok. Their facility is clean and soothing. They always have great calming music on in the background and the room is setup with many recliners if you have friends and family who want to experience the joy. I can attest to Kimberly and Stephanie's level of service and expertise. There is another woman that works there that I've had on 2 occasions and my experience with her has been less than stellar. My recommendation is to make sure your appointment is with Kimberly or Stephanie. If and when you find yourself with child, Sneak a Peek is a great place to see your little one.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,9/13/2014,91,204,5,11,5>Seminole Heights' profile has been elevated by other restaurants that have come into our quaint 'hood over the past three years and I am so thankful for the "cred" we've recently received from previous naysayers that once told us that buying a house near Nebraska Avenue was ridiculous/stupid/scary/waste of money.  Well color me ridiculous because I'm certain, we've made it now. Either by this new addition or by my outstanding ability to create run on sentences.  Rooster and the Till is the bees knees y'all.  I have a short but inclusive list of what makes a good restaurant and readily checked off each as we enjoyed our New Year's Eve there.  And it was opening night.  What kind of culinary wizardry is going here to ensure it's patrons have a flawless meal on opening night?  The owner greeted us and was incredibly friendly and helpful as we selected our food.  We ordered a cheese slate (AMAZING), the pork belly small plate (can't tell you, I draw lines at food with the word "belly" in them; my husband swooned though), and smoked mushroom small plate (AMAZING), the dishes looked incredibly and the two I tasted were delicious.  The flavors from the mushrooms were enhanced by a pork vinaigrette (probably from the belly....DAMN IT!) and pickled apple and raisins and the cheese slate was served with a sampling (a large sampling) of five cheeses. The interior was lovely, and was made more so by the fact it look less time to walk to the restaurant than it would have to start the car and drive.  I mean look at us, practically New Yorkers.  Love it love it love it.  We didn't try their wines as it was New Years Eve and we had Bailey's and hot chocolate to bring us into 2014 at home.  But they have them, and they are sitting on the coolest wine rack I ever did see.I think I like this place. :)
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,9/12/2014,425,183,5,8,7>I came here a few times for my routine blood draw requested by my Doctor. You can easily make an appointment online or just walk-in. They are open Monday through Friday from 7am-4pm. If you come right when they open you will notice how crowded the waiting area is due to the number of people who are fasting (no food or drink) and need their blood drawn. If I'm not fasting I like coming after 11am or after 1pm when it's not too busy. The staff here are also friendly and try to make you feel relaxed and comfortable since they will be poking you with needles. Lol. I also recommend coming a few minutes early just to find parking since it is located in an area with other Medical/Doctor offices.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,9/11/2014,159,115,6,10,10>So, I saw Rob G.'s review and bookmarked So Nuts, then yesterday for some reason at least 3 others on my Yelp friends list went there for lunch! I had to have it for dinner (especially since it was just me and the kids this week...hubby isn't into sweets like I am...I know, bad mom taking the kids to get donuts for dinner while he's away!)I ordered the kids regular grilled cheese sandwiches and I got the Donut Burger without bacon. So, maybe the bacon is what makes this burger "the stuff," but it just didn't have the sweet and savoriness that I expected it to. I actually think the burger itself could use some seasoning, but it was perfectly cooked and juicy. I'll have to come back for another deli option and even try the Donut Grilled cheese as Steve E. mentioned they also have! The pasta salad on the side was just okay. I prefer my pasta salads with cucumber as opposed to celery, which I love in everything else. The highlight of my visit were the donuts that I brought home for dessert...and for breakfast the next day. They are freshly made every day and you can really tell. I'm usually not a big cake doughnut fan, but I couldn't resist ordering the red velvet cake donut. Wow! It wasn't as heavy as I expected. I really want another!...like right now! The yeast glazed donut was fantastic. Not too sweet like a krispy creme, but not too bready like a dunkin donut...just right. The kids got the chocolate yeast donut with sprinkles and a cereal yeast donut with what I think is topped with trix. I also got a lemon filled powdered donut and a raspberry filled yeast glazed donut. I'm not certain, but I think these donuts are made with an eggier batter than the regular yeast donuts with a hole??...I say this because they tasted so light. I can see how someone could have more than just one! ;)There's a cool new utensil dispenser near the soda machine that the guy that brought our food out told me just got installed. He stated that the plastic knives are actually sharp. They really are! I cut my donut burger in half with ease. I'm a serious germaphobe and I won't even let my family eat anything without washing hands or at least using hand sanitizers while we're out. So I can really appreciate knowing that 50 hands haven't dug into a container to fish out plastic utensils. It's details like this that really excite me about a place. I hope they keep up the attention to detail and continue to use the supplier of these utensils. This is a convenient deli for me to get to because it's just a straight trip up linebaugh to dale mabry and there's plenty of parking in the plaza it sits in. I do think a competitor over in south tampa might have a leg up on taste...but the convenience and parking is always a south tampa issue. So, I'll be back to So Nuts! Donuts & Deli to try more of the menu!NOTE: I overheard that the actual grand opening will be in about 2 weeks. I may be out of town then, but if I'm here I'll be checking in!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,2/10/2014,74,100,3,19,1>The Clearwater area has been in dire need for a sushi spot like this!This restaurant offers an excellent all you can eat sushi and hibachi menu along with plenty of appetizers and soups to choose from. For dinner the price is very reasonable at $17.95 per person and kids 4-8 are only $4.99! Can you even get a happy meal for that price? Our daughter loves sushi and Chicken Teriyaki so she was in heaven. If you aren't into sushi that's ok as you can choose from a wide array of dinner items.Please note this is not a buffet style place like many other places in the area. You place your order from the menu they give you and then they make the items for you and bring them out. This is better as you know they are making it fresh for you and it hasn't been sitting on some warmer exposed to the public with a chance of people breathing all over it.We went on a Monday night around 6:30 and it was nice and quiet as we were the only ones in the restaurant. The inside is very nicely decorated and doesn't quite feel like a Japanese restaurant with the tasteful decor they have.We had a few of the rolls on the menu including Spicy Tuna and Salmon rolls along with a Mexican roll off of the standard rolls menu. Each one was amazing and you could tell everything was fresh as it melted in your mouth and the fish had no smell whatsoever. The spicy rolls are not really spicy so if you like it hot ask for it Extra Spicy to kick it up a notch.Where the good rolls are at is in the Signature Rolls section which is included in the menu. I know some other places in Pinellas County where they charge you extra for these. We had a large variety including The Hawaii, Rainbow, Dancing Krab, Green Sarabay, Saki, Volcano and the Crunchy 2 in 1. Wow that sounds like a lot! Our favorite by far was the Volcano which was baked and topped with Krab and spicy mayo. I'm not usually a fan of cooked rolls but this was amazing. Another to recommend is the Crunchy 2 in 1. Our goal is to try every roll they have as the menu is quite extensive.Make sure to only order what you know you will eat as they will charge you for any pieces you leave up to .75 per piece I believe.The server was always smiling and very courteous and made us feel welcomed. By the time we left, the restaurant was starting to fill up.This is definitely a place to try if you are into sushi and looking for an all you can eat option. The sushi is actually better than other places in the area that don't off the AYCE option.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,2/9/2014,124,268,1,11,5>Hands down tres magnifique! Everything about Rooster and Till was beyond what I expected. The interior was well thought out, it had this Americana antiquity feel, the old light bulbs and rustic furniture really set the mood for a fine culinary experience. We were seated immediately, there really was not a wait, but I can not promise that will be the case in the future, once the word gets out, I'm sure this place will be packed to the walls. Our server was outstanding; beyond friendly, courteous and very helpful. If you've read my previous reviews then you know service is a big thing on the menu for me, so the fact that they set the bar so high for hospitality was refreshing. The food was really the coup de grâce. Seminole Heights is quickly turning into the place where if you want a locally sourced meal, that is a small business, and of exemplary quality, it's where you go to find such diamonds. We started with the cauliflower that was light an airy, tinted with tones of a vinaigrette, offset by sweet white raisins. The counter-posturing of the flavors created a flavorful dish that was an excellent starter. We followed up with the pork belly and cornbread. I'm a huge fan of pork-belly, and this is by far some of the best prepared pork belly I have ever eaten. The meat was amazing in quality you could taste the fat, it was clean and juicy, and melted in your mouth. Coupled with the corn bread and drizzled with a syrup, it was a great play on a southern dish, that really made me want to eat an infinite amount of servings. The finishing plate was the duck, served on, from what I recall, a bed of lentils. Duck can go many ways, and it's personally one of my other favorite poultry dishes; the duck at Rooster and Till was served and prepared to perfection, and the bed of lentils added a excellent compliment in flavor. I honestly wished I would have taken notes during my meal, but I was there with my daughter, so this review is a bit impromptu, but the bottom line is that everything was superb from an experience point of view. Throughout the course of our meal we were able to meet the chef, and both owners. It was amazing they took the time to chat with us for a moment, and honestly I think this is where the line is set, that separates Rooster and Till from it's competitors. Everything is open, you see them preparing your meal, the chef is right there, he's not hidden behind a facade, he's is right there, making your food, grinding it out with his staff. I enjoyed this factor, the openness, the transparency into the culinary voyage.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,2/8/2014,119,94,,9,7>Going skydiving has been second on my bucket list (right behind cage diving with great whites) for some time now. My mom bought me a tandem jump for my birthday this year. It's hands down the coolest thing I've ever done. There's no feeling like the free fall. I'm not sure how to describe but I will say that I've never felt so alive! Now, I've obviously never gone skydiving before but I really liked this place. When we pulled onto the tiny little road and I saw a tiny little grass airstrip with a tiny little plane, I got nervous. However, it ended up raining and being windy so I had to wait around for a while for the conditions to be right. You might want to take that into account when you make plans for the night. The crew there was great. They made waiting there way more fun by telling us fun stories about the crazy stuff they've done.As much as it hurts, pay the $75 for the video. Most people are only going to do it once. And the look on your face when you come out of the plane is priceless, seriously!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,2/7/2014,60,155,2,12,7>Came here for the 1st time ever on New Years Eve with the wife and child(4 yr old girl). We thought it was really cool to combine a zoo & theme park, as we've never been to or seen anything like it. So as not to restate what the previous 200+ reviews have said, I'll simply list the highlights and what we liked.1. Having a four year old is tough at some parks because they're usually too small for everything. We loved the Sesame Street area because it was just her size and there was plenty to do. This is where we spent a lot of our day. There were a few other rides in a couple of other places in the park for the 42in & under visitors as well.2. You're closer to the animals here than I've ever been at ANY zoo(to include San Diego). The tigers(white & regular) came up to the glass and stared down the guests, and they also paced back & forth right in front of the nets outside(I could hear their breathing and footsteps). I also liked the little space where you climbed up the ladder into the glass box that they were sitting on and around. We also saw the giraffes and elephants too, but missed the other creatures(lions, gorillas, etc) because we didn't think to go see them before it got dark. The safari train during the day probably would have been cooler than when we went at night(we saw nothing).3. The food at the BBQ place(Zambia Smokehouse) was GOOD! I actually wrote a separate review on that page for it. The short version is lots of food & delicious!We didn't ride any of the coasters, but ended up spending a full day between shows(the Madagascar one is HILARIOUS!!) and the rides for the little one. We also got a caricature drawing and saw part of the band performance featuring LSU & Iowa. And did I mention this was all free(for military with dependents once per year)! We are actually looking at getting annual passes here, because I can think of way worse ways to spend a Saturday. If you've never been here, you've got to check this place out at least once.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,2/6/2014,61,84,,9,5>First, when you walk in it screams class and looks like a wine bar. It is quiet, doesn't smell of nail polish, and on my second visit, the owner asked a personal question remembering me from my last visit.Their organic dip is fabulous. My nails lasted three weeks from the last visit. This time I had a toe nail color change and my full shellac and manicure for $55. These ladies are polite, quiet, and you could easily fall asleep in the massage chairs. The salon is clean and contemporary and when it's time to get your nails done, you sit in tall chairs at the bar. Very unique and worth returning.They will also wax which I've had done. My brows and lip came away with no burns and well shaped.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,2/5/2014,98,160,1,8,6>No joke... 5 stars. Edison food lab is my favorite place in Tampa,  right in front of Anise. You can't go wrong in this place. To go on from the previous note, the decor is nothing to gawk at.  I love the fact that the place is small, the tables are extremely close together.  I would say it brings more of a feeling of togetherness rather than a feeling of sever claustrophobia (which I suffer from often).  The decor is simple-chic, with dim lighting, servers in common clothes, no decor on the walls.  There is a small bar. There is no dress code.  Oh the food...I could sit here and give you a spiel about "organic," "fresh," "sustainable," "exotic," et cetera, but lets face it. New Tampa restaurants all seem to be fitting into that trend. Its not a "type" of restaurant, as they take the liberty to cook with whatever they would like. There are no words to describe how inventive they are with ingredients and combining tastes. The menu is presented on a clipboard, always changing, and never disappointing. It offers small appetizers, hot and cold small plates (slightly more generous than the appetizers), and of course your entrees (plenty, but not enough to share - not that you ever should). Deserts are out of this world, including their milkshakes. Their Mixology Lab, as they like to call their specialty drink menu, separates drinks by taste rather than liquor - fruity, tangy, floral, spicy, sour and so on.  If you are not in the mood, there is a very descent (and decently priced) wine list as well as a large selection of craft beers. Perfect place for a casual first date, especially if you want to seem trendy. Also great at any other possible time ever. No joke... 5 stars
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,2/4/2014,100,358,3,6,4>I had a great experience here and would give it 5 stars if they learn how to make the outside seating cooler.I love coming here for brunch.  They have a great variety of brunch options and I always have a problem deciding what I want.The outside seating has great atmosphere.  They do an amazing job creating shade and there are some fans, but it is still hot as balls.  If it wasn't for the amazing live music happening I would have moved inside.  There is also a huge flat screen t.v. outside so you can watch sports.I started with the Yuca Fries, which were delicious.  They were fried to perfection.  Then I got the shrimp and grits.  It has the perfect amount of spice with blackened shrimp and jalapeno infused in the grits.  My fiance got a burger.  The fries were delicious.  I'm not sure if it is double fried, but they are extremely crisp.  The sweetened iced tea is also very good.  It is not sickeningly sweet like most iced tea, instead it tastes like strong iced tea with a little bit of sugar.I don't really understand why there is complimentary parking, but it is a nice touch.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,2/3/2014,102,115,7,6,5>Why go somewhere new for lunch when you know the place down the street always gives you a 2.2 lb. food baby that you will want to rock for twenty minutes prior to a nap?!?Today was no exception as I scarfed up my "basic" bowl... Otherwise know as the chicken fit for life.  This is my usual meal here because I love the combination of chicken, broccoli and sun dried tomatoes.  Today I switched up the dish just a bit (per staff recommendation) by using spaghetti squash instead of yellow rice and man o man, that was ridiculously tasty!!  A little plastic cup of balsamic dressing topped it off.The only unfortunate event was heading back to work for a busy afternoon... No nap happened :(I highly recommend this clean, spacious and consistently yummy restaurant for good eats!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,2/2/2014,42,93,,7,3>I'm impressed with the quality and authenticity of the food here.  Eventhough we went during non-dim sum hour.. (around 3PM) They still offered us with the dim sum menu, everything we ordered which are... -shrimp ha gao.... GOOD-pork shu mai....AWESOME-shark fin's dumpling (btw, no shark fin so don't worry, no one can afford making those these days esp not for $2.95 lol) ........... YES-sesame balls ...........YUM-fried shrimp balls ........SO GOOD-scallop dumplings .... GOOD-pan fried pork dumplings (or gyoza)  ........ YUMMOSyes, a lot of food.  Everything is fresh and hot. But on top of alla dat, we ordered beef chow fun based on the picture on Yelp... and man... I'm glad I did... ON POINT!  It's salted just right, tender beef, nicely done.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,2/1/2014,81,139,4,5,3>I've driven by jazzy BBQ at least hundreds of times, and have enjoyed the smell of bbq emitted by this establishment . Unfortunately I never stopped. What I have been missing all these years. This is a hidden gem. Based on a Mark H's review I went today. No wonder he is elite, he knows good food and  You can take his review to the bank. I did a carry out of pulled pork with mild sauce, Cole slaw, baked beans and corn bread. I made a mistake and only did one order. My wife went bananas with this BBQ and I had to share. It was soo good I licked the plate. This is now my favorite place for BBQ. Don't miss out go
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,8/23/2012,201,321,11,12,9>So my wife and I were out and about riding our bicycles down Platt Street when we came across Boca.  We were hungry and it looked like a place where they'd sell us food, so we stopped in.  My first clue I was a bit underdressed was when I pulled up to the valet parking.  There was a Porsche, a Range Rover, and a Mercedes parked up front.  And here I was, on my Cannondale.  The thought did cross my mind of asking the valet "well, aren't you going to park my bike?".  But reason got the best of me and I simply inquired about the best place to tie the bikes up. He pointed me to a nearby tree.  He didn't seem amused. So, we walk in, and the atmosphere is quite nice. Very trendy, upscale, hip, South Tampa-ish.  "Two please!" I exclaimed.  "Do you have reservations?".  Of course not.  "Right this way please."  We lucked out it was early and there were tables available. The service was outstanding, and to their credit not once did they show me the way to the kitchen (so I could do dishes, being that I was dressed for the part).  We had an order of tomato and mozzarella "bocaditos", three pieces of toasted bread with mozzarella, tomato and pesto.  Very delicious.  We both ordered the garbanzo soup which was outstanding. I was surprised they didn't have bread to accompany their soup, but they did bring me crackers.  Cracked me up. For entrees my wife had a chopped salad which was ok but nothing to write home about. My plate, however, came to the table as a chunk of meat hanging off a hook on a plateful of French fries.  I wish I had taken a picture of it (I did, but after they took the meat off the hook).  Supposedly it's for the meat juices to drip onto the fries.  That sounds like the most awesome idea I have ever heard.  Ever.The flank steak was outstanding. The fries were very well seasoned (and juicy) accompanied by a garlic aioli and spiced ketchup.  Yummmmmm.To top it all off we ordered the Bon bon dessert.  Chocolate ganache rolled into little balls covered in dough and deep fried, served on top of strawberry gelato and fresh blueberries.  I took a picture.  It tasted as good as it looked. By the time the bill came, I had decided the meal was excellent and I liked the place enough to come back.  Not too often though, because it ain't cheap.  But this is definitely a go to spot for a great meal, great service, and great atmosphere.  Maybe next time I'll dress a little more appropriately.  :)
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,8/22/2012,27,38,1,4,3>The Good: I wasn't super-hungry, so I only ordered the Macaroni and Cheese with a side of coleslaw. The Mac and Cheese was delish (I consider myself a connoisseur) and I even enjoyed the coleslaw more than most I've had. Our friends both got the Ahi Tuna and also enjoyed it, judging from their expressions. Hubby got a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, but asked that it be prepared grilled. They had no problem accommodating that request. However, he felt that it was a bit bland and the bun was dry.The Bad: Let me preface this by saying that we visited The Avenue on a 90+ degree day. Imagine our surprise when we entered and saw a fireplace going. We thought it was odd, but didn't really have any concern. No concern until we had sat down and ordered, that is. Suddenly everyone at the table started fanning themselves and saying how hot they were. I'm always cold in restaurants and even I was uncomfortably warm. When the food arrived and we began to eat, several of us actually broke out in a sweat. We asked the waitress if the air was on and she said that it was, but that it doesn't circulate well. We went back by several hours later and the doors were wide open, so I wonder if the air really was on.The Ugly: There is only one toilet for both Men and Women. The bathroom was not kept very clean, with dirt in the sink and on the door and a sticky floor.Overall, the Good outweighs the Bad and the Ugly. Everything on the menu looks delectable. I can't stop thinking about the Mac and Cheese and would really like to try some of the burgers, so a return trip is in my future!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,8/21/2012,26,116,1,3,2>While not a "ghost tour" in the strictest sense, they do advertise on their site and when you talk to the guide that it's just a walking tour with stories.  It's also only $15 ($13 if you order online), so I'm not going to be too picky about it.We opted for the downtown St. Petersburg tour and had a pretty enjoyable time with our guide, Genevese.  Unfortunately it was a little on the warm side but we still were able to stop often enough to catch a breeze and cool down a little.  You also get to go inside a few locations which are thankfully air conditioned.  The other problem is that most of the area isn't that old or intact, so there are only a few locations to visit compared to some older towns.  Still, we had a good time and our guide made it a fun and engaging experience.  We also ended the tour at the Vinoy hotel so we were able to cool off at the bar with a fancy cocktail when we were done.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,8/20/2012,143,169,2,4,3>I was lucky enough to attend Timpano's for a #winedinetweet event and I honestly couldn't find anything wrong with this restaurant. Staff, manager and executive chef are out of this world nice and accommodating. The restaurant features a wide range of selections and something for everyone. Happy hour prices are great and there is always some event taking place, which is fun! I got to try all sorts of dishes during the event and I was completely blown away by every one. I recommend the Tuscan Egg dish and the Pork Osso Bucco. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.The price point is reasonable and there is live music most, if not all, nights. Timpano's is a great date night location as well as a great place to meet some friends for drinks.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,8/19/2012,14,22,2,10,3>Looking for oxtail, ribs, chicken, fried mullet, red velvet cake, collards and sweet southern ice tea? Here's your place.  Got the oxtail over white rice (all dinners come with rice) with mac and cheese and baked beans, with red velvet cake and iced tea.  Everything was delish.  Its a small family owned place ina non-descript.  I got mine to go, however. There are about 6 tables on the inside.The food was great, definitely worth the trip from wherever yo may be coming from
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,8/18/2012,98,124,,3,3>Not being the most knowledgeable of wine connoisseurs means finding a good wine bar is key (if I ever want to sample GOOD wines!), but they can be pricey. Thanks to a deal from Creative Loafing, a friend and I were able to visit Cru Cellars. I sampled a flight of wines, cutely named, 'Pinot Envy' with three wines to sample; they were great! It was $14 and worth it with the CL deal to try. It was happy hour so we were able to try a tomato and olive bruschetta for $5, it really good! The real star, food-wise, however was the flatbread with fig jam, prosciutto, and blue cheese. The flavor combo was SO good! A week later, and I'm still craving that flatbread! We did have another glass of wine each and loved the atmosphere.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,8/17/2012,18,19,1,3,2>I had seen Bella's many times living in the SoHo area but just recently visited for the first time.  It was one of the best experiences I have ever had at an Italian restaurant.  When you arrive they serve you bruschetta which is a fabulous start.  Then we had an appetizer that was goat cheese with a tomato sauce and bread.  It was amazing...I would go for just wine and this appetizer!  I had the create your own pasta with linguini and a tomato cream sauce.  It was very, very good.  There was a lot of flavor in the entire dish.  My brother had the lasagna which was outstanding.  They had a 3-course meal for $25.  Overall it was a great experience and I am looking forward to going back.Dress is business casual to dressy.  Inside fills up so I would recommend making a reservation.  Outside was good however bugs were pretty bad (no bug lanterns).
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,8/16/2012,237,274,3,9,4>Came in with some Tampa foodies and found this to be a really cool place. Everything about Edison was unique and different from any restaurant I've been to in Tampa. In true foodie fashion, we ordered a lot -- Goat Cheese Truffles, Conch Fritters, Steak Tartare, Warm Brussels Sprouts w/ Bacon, Potato Crusted Oysters, Duck Confit Foie Gras Tacos, Lobster Gazpacho, Roasted Root Veggies, Pan Fried Red Snapper, Huevos Rancheros, and their take on Chicken & Waffles.My personal favorites -- The oysters, which I have never seen prepared like this before, were perfectly fried while maintaining the integrity of the oyster and served in the shell with a slightly sweet sauce. They were beautifully executed. I'm absolutely in love with foie gras right now and the Duck Confit Foie Gras Tacos were absolutely delicious... though a little more foie gras couldn't hurt :-P. In their version of Chicken & Waffles, the chicken is sous vide then fried and everything was drizzled with truffle honey. UH-MAZING. Those dishes really stood out to me, but everything was absolutely delicious.Overall, the food is superb and I really wanted to give them a 5-star review but timing in the kitchen and the service is keeping me from doing that. Considering Edison just opened, I realize they are probably working out those details so I'll refrain from commenting on them... for now. I still got two of my favorite things in one meal -- foie gras and truffle -- which leaves me extremely happy. I will definitely be back for the awesome food, that's for sure.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,8/15/2012,391,402,1,3,3>So after the recent Yelp Event, a small group of us was still hungry and due to Coty's suggestion, we decided to hit up Yummy House. I've never been, but I've been to China Yuan, which is like a block away. And Coty talks about Yummy House in social settings so might as well try it.First thing you'll notice: HOLE IN THE WALL! Don't expect fancy decor or chairs, don't expect a hostess. Just grab a table and sit.The next big thing you'll notice is the menus are "authentic". I can't claim to know authentic Chinese since I've never been, but when you don't recognize (no New York style combos here), you know you're in for the real deal.Based on suggestions we went with:-Salt and Pepper Calamari: Really good. The Calamari is tender and even with the simple salt and pepper, has a tremendous amount of flavor.-House Style Noodles: Thin noodles full of calamari, shrimp, chicken and pork. I've had similar before, and this was just as good.-Shrimp & Scallop With Spicy XO Sauce: This was pressured on me, as I really hadn't had enough time to look over the menu, but glad I ordered it. I've never had XO sauce before, though I've seen it at more authentic restaurants. It was really good, this interesting sweet and spicy sauce that had bits of other seafood in it. It also came with snow peas, and the XO sauce was great on them.I look forward to going again to try something different, but it will be a tough choice to decide between them and China Yuan.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,8/14/2012,112,118,1,3,2>Absolutely, the best food for hearty appetites on downtown St. Pete's increasingly busy Central Ave.Though this is primarily a bar, and gets very busy on First Friday and most weekend nights, you will also notice the huge portions on the plates that occupy many of the tables.The burger I had was one of the best I've ever had: a very large seasoned patty, with melted cheddar and a way above average bun. The fries are those huge steak fries, very potatoey. I personally love that type of fry the best, and you don't encounter them much these days. They also come as a separate appetizer with a delicious brown gravy if you are really hungry for that.The beer selection includes some craft options, always a good sign and shows the management is smart about the craft beer trend that is overtaking the local market. After we ordered a bogo IPA beer from a local promotion booklet,we decided to split just one more beer draught.. The bartender (who I think is also related to the owners) filled both our glasses, and said, "That is splitting it." Thank you, sir!For that gesture alone, I will be a repeat customer. But really the food is a draw. The corned beef and cabbage plate looks phenomenal if you are in that mood.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,8/31/2014,61,84,4,7,5>Relaxing and enjoyable, with delicious food to boot. I give 5 stars because while I didn't eat much, the overall event was well done.1) atmosphere: it was clean, well lit, a bit dated on decor, but a typical ballroom area. It had a dance floor surrounded by carpet for dinner seating.2) staff: very polite and very attentive. Water was always filled, dishes cleared immediately, and always polite. The bartender was always polite too.3) food: this particular evening in normal buffet style it was laid out on tables with steaming pans to keep items hot. Neat and tidy well maintained area for food. Their was crispy salad, warm bread, buttery beans, hot and cheesy lasagna, and decadent chocolate dessert. 4) music: their was a DJ who did a great job and the music resonated well. Plenty of dancing and silliness.5)parking: I had no issues with parking even when arriving late to the event. I would gladly attend another catered event here and would recommend it for an evening indoor event.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,8/30/2014,125,71,4,6,4>Wow!  I've passed by this little hole in a wall Thai joint for years, and always thought it just looked like a typical, nothing to write home about thai restaurant that populates the Pinellas area BUT I WAS WRONG!  Met some friends here for dinner who are regulars and was impressed.  The exterior is very deceiving.  The interior is small but decorated richly and the service was great.  We ordered several different dishes and all of them were great.  The sauces and spices they use here were so good, I was just eating them with a spoon.  I can't wait to go back there and try some other dishes and am thinking this is #thenewnew thai place for me.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,8/29/2014,126,122,2,5,3>This was our first time eating at CineBistro. We didn't actually see a movie upstairs because what we wanted to see wasn't playing, so we had to go in to the regular theater.So I'm only going to review the food and service. We were seated promptly and our server came over and introduced himself and asked us if we were seeing a movie and what time it was playing. I liked that. He knew we were on a time schedule.We ordered the chicken wings appetizer and it was delicious and certainly big enough for my  husband and I to split. It took longer than I expected for our main course to arrive. I can't remember what my husband ordered, but I ordered a cesar salad with grilled chicken, dressing on the side. It came as I ordered with 2 huge pieces of some sort of cheese on the side of the bowl. At first I thought it was pita bread and then I tasted it and realized it was cheese. I'm guessing it was parm. It was interesting.It was pretty expensive for this type of food, but it was something we'd been wanting to try, so I'm glad we did it, though I doubt we'd do it again.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,8/28/2014,21,69,3,7,3>Nice place!I came here on a Friday night with a couple of girlfriends. It was my first time here and it was a great experience.The decor and set-up was like a diner meets a cafe. There is a patio outside and indoor seating. When I walked in I got a diner vibe, but diner food it was not!For drinks they offer a variety of drinks like any normal restaurant. I had the raspberry Shocktop and it was ice cold.For food I had the Alfresco feta appetizer, a side garden salad, and two crab cake minis. The alfresco feta appetizer was amazing. It was like a really good garlic cheese bread bread, but less grease and feta cheese. It melted in my mouth. The side salad was average, good nonetheless. The crab cakes were very tasty.Our server was very pleasant and attentive.The restrooms were clean.I would definitely return.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,8/27/2014,237,290,4,7,4>Not only does Kojak's serve up great, consistent barbecue, but it serves up a piece of Tampa's history in a beautiful setting. There's no place else in Tampa where you can sit on the porch of a historic bungalow under gigantic oak trees and eat fantastic barbecue.I have been eating here since I was a little kid and it has always been good. Consistency is the key to good barbecue and Kojak's is consistently good. Besides barbecue that rivals some of the best in Tampa, it is hands down the best value for barbecue of this quality. Although I have tried everything on the menu, I usually always order the Grande Rib Dinner. It is half a rack of delicious smoked ribs, with two sides. It is more than enough to fill me up and it's around $14. All the sides are killer, but I always go for the green beans and macaroni salad because they're just awesome. Their sauces are top notch too. I recommend mixing the spicy and sweet together.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,8/26/2014,15,87,2,5,4>I have had an annual pass to Busch Gardens for most of my life.I think that says a lot about Busch Gardens that a person can go there several times per year & still have a great time.The park has change drastically over the years, which is part of the reason why I still have an annual pass. They are constantly changing & improving.The Reasons Why Busch Gardens Rocks...1. The roller-coasters are fun. SheiKra is a 90 degree drop roller coaster that is awesome & so much fun. The Montu is an inverted roller coaster with a lot of twists & flip. Kumba is a traditional roller coaster, but don't think traditional means boring. It is fast & has plenty of corkscrews & flips. I haven't been on Cheetah Hunt yet, which opened in 2011. There is also a new roller coaster I'm very excited about called Falcon's Fury. It just opened a few days ago & sound insane. It is like Tower of Terror in the sense that it drops quickly, but the cool part is that the riders are tilted 90 degrees facing straight down...Can't Wait!Gwazi is the only one that I'm not a huge fan of. Seats are too small & it bounces my head around.2. The zoo portion is great. I sometimes go for a couple hours & just look at the animals. The hippos, lions, and gorillas are cool because you can get up-close & personal thanks to some very thick glass. The Skyride gives a holistic view of all of the animals & the entire park. The have a wide variety of animals.3. They have a good mix of roller coasters, animals, & shows. They have water rides too. It is great for big groups with friends & family. It is also great to pop into for an hour or two. Parking is never an issue.4. It is centrally located in Tampa & very close to the interstate. It is surrounded by numerous restaurants.--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­-----------They used to have a brewery on site that you could tour. They also used to give free samples of beer (2 per person).No more free beer is kind of a bummer.Bottom Line: BG is amazing. Every time you go you will have fun. If you live in Tampa, you should definitely get an annual pass.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,8/25/2014,14,57,1,9,3>Best nail salon I've ever been to. Most importantly, it's clean. They are always cleaning, sweeping, spraying something. And they keep the interior updated and quality. The staff is all nice and everyone looks well put together. It's not the kind of nail salon where no one looks at you, no one speaks English, and they rush to get your nails done. The staff is friendly, talkative, and very attentive to you. They have all sorts of gel polish choices, way more than I've seen anywhere else.  They also have options from a basic pedicure or polish change to hot stones and paraffin waxing. You can call or text ahead to make an appointment, which makes it super convenient.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,8/24/2014,15,56,6,4,5>I just can't help myself, I'm a regular here. Every time I walk in I get the jitters because I just don't know what to order, it's all so very good! Do I stick with what I know and get a blackened bacon burger with tots or maybe I should roll with my favorite buffalo chicken bowl and make it with spinach so I can feel better about my health. Do I head towards the Mexican bowl and add chicken? So many excellent choices! I feel like Will Ferrell in Old School when Frank the Tank slams his beer, only it's the food...It's so good...once it hits your lips, it's so good! Dan's chicken melt is my newfound favorite these days. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I would like to know how many pounds of tots Daily Eats runs though in a day? Gotta be an impressive number, they are always cooked to perfection.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/23/2014,20,84,5,6,3>Why did it take a beer lover like me so long to find this place? Talk about a hidden gem!I came here one Saturday night with a group of friends for trivia, not knowing what kind of place I was walking into. I quickly discovered it to be a beer drinkers heaven. So much selection! It had everything from the bitter IPA's to the sweet Ciders. Some of the non beer drinkers in the group really enjoyed the oatmeal raisin cookie beer, something I had never tasted before.It's not the biggest bar in the world, but on a Saturday night with a decent amount of people for trivia, it never felt too crowded. Service was excellent and the bartenders were very helpful in picking out a beer for every taste. I'll be back for sure!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,8/22/2014,118,489,6,10,7>And the award for best spring roll goes to ...drumroll...this place! There's a Yelp check-in offer going on right now where these are free as well, but I'd be more than happy to pay for what I found inside of these rice paper rolls of deliciousness. Be sure to bring cash as you have to make a large order to meet the 10.00 debit/credit card limit they have here since their prices are so fair. Tang is helpful and friendly, so don't be afraid to try something new, he won't steer you wrong. Although a huge bowl of hot Pho might warm the cockles of your heart, I think the real winner here is the spring rolls. I've searched far and wide for such pleasantly plump shrimp and pork ones like they have here. No skimping on the noodles held within, and they totally killed it with the peanut sauce. Pholicious doesn't even come close. Never mind that they can be free due to check-in, and that they offer amazing looking sandwiches as well! Fresh is the word, yo!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,11/19/2012,119,371,2,5,2>My hairdresser recommended I try this cafe as she know I ate healthy. OMG, it's always great to add another healthy place to eat. I went for breakfast and, yes, the vegan pancakes were excellent. I had a Mediterranean Omelette with feta, spinach, kalamata olives, tomatoes, and  red onions to die for! She also suggested that on the next visit to try the Belgium Buckwheat Waffle. The server was quite hospitable and provided us with samples of their two best soups. Wow! One was a Moroccan peanut soup, a cross between a curry and a Thai peanut blend. Moroccan peanut soup The other was a bean soup and just as tasty!  I had to get used to such a blend but it was tasty. As I write this, I believe I will have breakfast there in the morning! What an inspiration!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,11/18/2012,97,705,2,6,1>Man am I ridiculously full. I completely gorged myself but I couldn't help it, I was dining at the Capital Grille.  It was done out Tampa bay week and we took full advantage of it. For $35 per person we got:Fantastic bread basket-the pumpernickel raisin is my favorite Salad with champagne dressing 9 oz filet Creamed spinachMashed potatoes Creme brûlée and espresso torteOh how I wish their award winning coconut creme pie was an option. I love their coconut creme pie. It's by far one of my most favorite desserts. My fiancé added their unlimited wine for $25.  Yes you heard me right. Only $25 for unlimited wine. Granted it was off a special menu but the menu consisted of about a dozen wines, including a port dessert wine. Such a great deal. The Capital Grille never disappoints and in my opinion the best chain steakhouse in Tampa. Service is impeccable. Ask for either Jason or Marshall. Both are top notch.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,11/17/2012,105,97,2,4,4>How do I love thee? Let me count the glasses of wine delivered right to my reclining reserved theater seat! What can I say? This formula works. Give a bunch of discerning adults a reservation, a liquor pass and occasionally a themed staff (hope you caught the servers during "Magic Mike"'s opening weekend!), and you have us gladly shelling out above-average bucks for movie tickets, entrees, munchies and drinks. In terms of the food, well, bummer. It's what cost Cinebistro a star. At $20+ price points, you expect pretty awesome food. Drop "awesome," and that's about what you get: good-looking food that's usually pretty one-note. (Meaning: You'll be slightly irked you didn't stop at Wine Exchange or Timpano's beforehand.)Best menu surprise is what I dub the "Protein Popcorn." It's regular popcorn tossed with your choice/combination of fried chicken, shrimp or calamari. Strange concept, well executed. Arrive early for the full effect of dinner/drink service -- otherwise you're just overpaying for a standard moviegoing experience.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,11/16/2012,82,20,1,11,4>If you're looking for great diner style fare and breakfast in Clearwater then look no further. McCabe's is a great little spot with good prices, good service, great breakfast and excellent ownership. For me the main judgement of a good diner is the quality of their coffee, and theirs is wonderful. You will never be waiting on another cup either as someone will be by every few minutes to keep your cup full. My husband also needed breakfast catering for a client recently and McCabe's gave him a great price for catering and delivered at no extra charge. He was very pleased.Brian McCabe is a true irishman and you will likely meet him when he stops by your table to fill up your coffee. He takes pride in his diner and greets every customer with a smile and if you're lucky a joke or two.We used to frequently visit First Watch and Lenny's but the great service here has made us loyal regulars.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,11/15/2012,33,137,6,4,3>I went to Irish 31 with my wife to watch the Gators. There were tons of TVs, so seeing the game was not a problem.We initially wanted to sit outside as it wasn't too hot that day, but the booths/benches are kind of odd. They swing out from the table, and it was kind of rickety, so we went inside. No big deal. There were other types of tables outside but a bunch of people were already using them.The inside is small but comfortable. Three things make me happy about an Irish pub. 1) If they have Smithwicks 2) If they know it is pronounced "Smitticks" and not "Smithwicks"3) If they have BoxtysA fair amount of pubs have Smithwicks, but I've only been to one other Irish pub in Florida (in Destin) that has boxtys. There might be others, but I haven't seen them. Boxtys are an Irish traditional food made from breaded and deep fried mashed potato (usually leftover) and often served with sauces like horseradish, marinara, or whatever. So needless to say, I saw boxtys on the menu, and promptly ordered them. They were a little larger than others I have had, which made them a little mushier, but still they were AWESOME. There's an Irish saying for women that goes like this: "Boxtys on the griddle, boxtys in the pan, if you can't make a boxty, you'll never keep a man."This is turning into a recitation about my love for boxtys. Anyway, back to Irish 31...I also ordered the Grilled Portobello sandwich, which was good, nothing special, but perfectly fine. The server was super busy because it was packed, but she made sure to check on us frequently. We were there for a long time watching the game, and she made sure our glasses were filled and our plates were cleared.Overall, Irish 31 is an American style Irish pub, perfect for happy hour or watching football. The food is good and you have to get the boxtys if you go. I also like the location on Swann, in Hyde Park, right across from the free parking garage.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,11/14/2012,263,174,3,4,4>Today was Menchie's Northeast Park's second day of business, and my youngest son and I had to check it out. When we entered the yogurt shop there were no other customers, and we got the royal treatment by the staff. They were all so nice and welcoming. They offered us samples of anything we wanted to try, and answered all our questions about the "procedures" for loading up your cup with fro-yo and toppings.I just started a new nutrition plan, so I was very happy to see two options that were non-fat, no sugar added, and low carb (they were also kosher, in case that interests you). I got the orange vanilla and the strawberry. I was also happy to see lots of fresh fruit toppings, and I loaded mine up with strawberries and blueberries.My son, who is not on a new diet, got the cookies and cream, chocolate silk, and vanilla. He took advantage of the many candy toppings, as well as some of the fruit.Menchie's has a frequent customer rewards program, which we will be sure to take advantage of. They also have cool spoons, which I can see that we are going to be collecting. They also offer waffle cones.The store was bright and cheerful and clean and new and the yogurt was delicious. We'll be back!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,11/13/2012,94,97,5,7,7>I absolutely love little hole in the wall diners...especially those that serve consistently drool-worthy breakfast classics and wonderfully executed breakfast inventions.  Pinky's Diner on Bay to Bay in the heart of Palmaceia is a South Tampa gem that delivers delicious diner breakfasts, guaranteed.  Stepping into this quaint (and super small) joint, one can see immediately just how popular Pinky's has become.  They please their waiting (and hungry) guests with freshly brewed coffee in a self serve, make yourself at home kind of fashion.  Random and eclectic coffee cups are available, hanging from pegs and sitting on shelves of an old rustic wooden cabinet.  I usually gulp down a solid 2 cups of coffee before my name is finally called...but I assure you; breakfast at Pinky's is well worth the wait.   There were four of us on this sunny overwhelmingly hot saturday morning and we were all ravenous as ever.  Because the inside of Pinky's was already flooded with patrons waiting on tables, we opted to wait outside, in the heat, drinking our steaming hot coffee.  Real smart.  We sneered at guests who had sat around sipping their waters 40 minutes after paying their checks, knowing full well the swarms of starving people standing around them.  I just love purposeful oblivious behavior like that.   It sounded like angles singing when my name was called.  Since we had plenty of time to ponder over he excellent menu options, we ordered immediately.  Our server was quick to bring our waters and juices and our food took very little time too.   I ordered their chorizo breakfast wrap.  Greasy in only the very best way, the juices from the chorizo saturate the fluffy scrambled eggs and tasty home fries just beautifully.  Sharp cheddar cheese adds a great bite in this tightly rolled breakfast burrito.  Good on its own...even better with a hot sauce drizzle.    My boyfriend ordered their Greek fritata with feta cheese, kamalata olives, tomatoes and spinach.  Pinky's has over ten yummy fritatta concoctions and this one happens to be one of my favorites.  It is so healthy but the generous portion insists a full post breakfast belly.     My brother ordered their Texas hash.  Wow.  The beef tasted like your grandma's pot roast.  Fall apart tender and moist, it was king of the meat, egg and potato plate. The Au jus was made even more divine when the over-easy eggs were pierced, allowing the running yolk to glorify this carnivorous creation.    My brother's girlfriend ordered my recommendation-the "Ultimate fried egg sandwich".  This is and I believe always will be the best egg sandwich ever made.  Two perfectly timed over-easy eggs, thick-cut tasty bacon, cheddar and swiss cheeses, crispy shredded lettuce, ripe tomato, mayo and two slices of toasted 7 grain bread come together to form a little piece of heaven on a plate.  Splendid.  If you have 2 hours to kill on a lazy Saturday or Sunday morning, Pinky's is a sure breakfast (or brunch) bet.  I've avoided the wait by ordering take-out before but it certainly isn't the same.  This place is popular and packed for a reason.  They really are that good.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,11/12/2012,73,111,2,6,4>My boyfriend and I have been long time fans of Thuy Cafe, so we've been on pins and needles ever since we heard the owner was opening a restaurant in downtown St. Pete. Normally we follow by the rule that you can't visit a new place until they've been open a month. This gives them time to work out any kinks that may be going on. But we couldn't help ourselves with this place.I'm thrilled to report that the food is just as expected: fantastic. Authentic, fresh and flavorable. We started with the spring rolls, which were excellent. They were supposed to come with peanut sauce, which we had to ask for, but no biggie. For an entree my boyfriend got the La V Rice Dish that came with beef, grilled shrimp and egg rolls. I got the La V Bun Bowl with the same. The meat was perfect. The shrimp were great too, but there was only two of them :( The decor inside is very nice. Slightly modern with clean lines and simple decorations. Nothing too over the top. Really like the space in general.The service was the only thing that was lacking, but it was to be expected since they had only been open less than a week. They apologized/warned us right off the bat and everyone was very nice. The food just came out slow and everyone seemed to be running around crazily. I'm sure this will all smooth itself out in a few more weeks.Can't wait to go back and see if the banh mi and boba tea is as delicious at the Thuy Cafe location. If it's anything as good as what we had for dinner then it's going to be awesome.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,11/11/2012,391,402,3,6,3>TL;DR - Came for the Eel, but went away with something also good.At the Summer Elite event, my tablemates kept raving about ABC Seafood and it was the best place to get Eel in St. Pete. So when my girlfriend's parents were in town for her birthday, I suggested we go there.This is another authentic-style restaurant, though the options for standard fare - lo mein, fried rice - is available if you hunt for it. And the usual rule: if you are the only Caucasians in the place, it probably is good.First thing I asked when we got there is if they had eel. Sadly, they did not, so I had to settle for something else. The Clam Special sounded good, but I went with a safer bet, which was still Alien to my girlfriend's family.For the table we ended up with-Sweet and Sour Chicken: It was decent, but I'm not a big fan of Sweet and Sour Chicken. The pineapple was good in it.-House Special Fried Rice: fried rice with beef, pork, chicken and shrimp. Full of meat, worth getting for the table.-Beef Lo Mein: It was good, but what can I say about beef lo mein.-Roast Duck Chow Fun in XO Sauce: Guess who got this? At Yummy House, Coty turned me on to XO Sauce. China Yuan turned me onto Chow Fun. I love duck. So this was a no brainer. While I would have preferred more duck (who wouldn't), this was a great meal and as her family generally stayed away from it, I had enough for lunch the next day.I would return, but definitely go with people who have curious pallets.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,11/10/2012,201,321,2,8,3>Los Jarrones (translated as Big Jars) is a Honduran restaurant which I would describe as a bit more upscale than your average central American joint.   They have a pottery business across the street where they import hand crafted art items from Honduras, some of the pieces being most beautiful.  Yes, yes, but what about the food?Outstanding.  As good as it gets.Their tortilla soup is a tomato based soup that is rich and tasty, and comes with pork rinds, cheese, and avocado pieces to mix in.   The small soup is a meal (and only $3) and the large soup big enough to take a bath in.   And you'll want to its so good.The salads are HUGE and very cheap.   It looks like they cut two chicken breasts on top of either ceasar salad or a mixture of greens and fruits.  Seriously, you can feed two people and they are like $7.The regular entrees, on the other hand, I found to be a bit pricey, but not overly so.   And you definitely get what you pay for.  The "Typical Beef Los Jarrones" is a fabulously seasoned skirt steak with tortillas, cheese, refried black beans and plantains.   Absolutely delicious.The ambiance is very colorful with beautiful paintings on the walls, and the tables are nicely appointed with hand crafted place mats and napkin holders.  By Hispanic restaurant standards this one is very nice.   I'd bring clients here.  Service was a bit slow but very friendly.  I met one of the owners and he chatted with us like we were family.   We were made to feel very welcome, which is why we keep coming back.  Again and again.Last time we tried an appetizer that wasn't on the menu.  It had fried pork chunks, fried chicken chunks, chorizo and plantains.   OMG.  I'm having that as an entree next time.   If you are looking for a great Hispanic dinner experience, give Los Jarrones a try.   You might even walk out with some finely hand crafted jars from Honduras.  This is as good as it gets!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,3/22/2014,112,184,3,6,6>Mise en Place personifies its namesake.  Although my experience is best described as a well-orchestrated grand mise-en-scène poetically and artfully showcasing dining at its best in a production that could be called "la table des dieux".  The service, preparation, display, and taste were presentations deigned for a deity and my humble participation reaped the benefit.I ordered a lobster dish (Sous Vide Lobster) to start that had a fantastic melody of flavors and textures with a very nice grapefruit to keep things fresh tasting among the variety.  After that I had a lovely golden beet salad with candied pistachios for a sweet touch.  The main course was a Chai Tea rubbed Red Snapper on top of a rice combination that included hints of shrimp and lentil.  Each popped with its own unique flavor that complimented the other.  This was accented with the pizazz offered by the sautéed kale.  These dishes were excellent.  I must have added exclamation more than once when my waiters inquired of my satisfaction.  Truth be told there are not enough words to describe them adequately.  This awesomeness was accompanied by service comparable to the conduction of a symphony.  As each piece of culinary artwork brought to my table was enjoyed and the empty plates removed there was a since of efficient poetry in motion about the servers. No sooner had I finished and the next plate appeared.  There was no waiting and the dish was fresh and had no appearance of setting in a queue to be delivered.  If a speck or debris of any kind was on my table it was removed out of my sight immediately.  Ironically, the waiters did not hover and were not obvious about their efforts.  It is an understatement to simply say the waiters were attentive; they were actually operating as one with the restaurant and its processes with a goal of satisfying their guests. Unfortunately, my mise-en-scène experience at Mise en Place had to come to an end.  Although with fond memories of being a participant in a dining experience that elevated me above mortal.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,3/21/2014,41,138,2,6,4>This is right around the corner from our house, so we had to give it a try.  The service was great!  I called and a woman named Heather was super helpful in helping me place an order for pickup without me having seen a menu. We ordered a large cheese pizza and a large house salad.  When I walked in, I thought "wow, Steve E. was right" because even though the space was large and nice and clean, it seemed like they were still trying to find their groove.  They have counter and case space not being utilized.The bar area was really pretty and had TVs for sports, and the restaurant was spacious. They also have a drive through-not sure if they use it though.The food was good. The pizza crust was sort of buttery and thin (just the way I like it) and the house salad was really yummy. I gave it 4/5 stars because they didn't beat Marsala's or Anthony's (in my book).   $23 for the pizza and salad, plus tip.We will definitely be returning and trying other things on the menu!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,3/20/2014,47,69,,6,5>Doormet?? Rhymes with gourmet.. Gourmet inspired dishes readily delivered to your doorstep. This café inspired menu offers  gourmet soups, salads, sandwiches, pastas and hand tossed pizzas. In the market of healthy options and allergies, they offer a wide selection of vegetarian items and the option for gluten free crust.There is also a wide selection of teas, coffees, beers and wines. To amp up the gourmet factor!!! They offer new specials each month including a new hand squeezed drink, appetizer, soup, salad, pizza, entrée and dessert. I like this concept for the fact that at least once a month it keeps your curiosity to see what they have to offer that is new and gourmet inspired.   I bookmarked this place as I noticed a fellow yelper check in  several times over the past 2 to 3 months. I couldn't help noting the catchy name to see what this establishment had to offer.Ginger mint limeade sounds like a pretty unique drink why not give it a try. I didn't note too much of the mint flavor but the limeade was quite refreshing now the ginger part was a bit of a surprise. We're not talking ginger syrup or candied ginger, this is minced ginger that you sip small pieces of which gives a chewy hint of spiciness, but overall works great in this drink concoction.Premium wings six wings hand-breaded to order, tossed in our house made apricot sriracha wing sauce, this is not your run of the mill buffalo wing. These wings has subtle sweet from the apricot and a mild heat from the siracha which balances out really well.  What goes best with buffalo wings to dip/dunk to cool off the heat??? blue cheese? ranch? Doormet steps it up a notch and offers a creamy gorgonzola dressing, which provides a similar pungency to blue cheese but more refine of a cheese.The Brooklyn hand tossed pizza house made marinara, house cheese blend, pepperoni, grilled italian sausage,crispy smoked bacon, roasted mushrooms, fresh oregano. Cheese to sauce to dough ratio is perfect. I have to say this pizza crust is a close reminder of a new York style pizza meaning it has this unique elastic like pull to each bit allowing for chewy goodness enjoyment. In my Jay-Z lyrical opinion "Brooklyn they went hard".Forget making reservations, waiting on a list or dirtying the kitchen for a gourmet inspired meal. Doormet has something for everyone's curiosity  when craving Italian/American inspired dishes.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,3/19/2014,73,111,2,9,5>If you haven't tried Kahwa yet, you are sorely missing out.This is a beloved local coffee shop chain that originated in St. Pete. I was ecstatic to see that a South Tampa location had popped up.I'm an espresso fan and Kahwa's lattes have the perfect caffeine kick and the espresso actually has flavor. I love jus getting a cafe latte here...no flavoring needed! Plus they have almond milk! Take that Starbucks!The staff is also super nice and genuine. The space is, we'll, spacious. Outdoor and indoor seating. Perfect place to meet up with a friend or set up shop to work for a few hours.I didn't try any of the food when I was there, but e erythema I made fresh with local ingredients.There's also a drive thru if you're in a hurry!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/18/2014,93,68,4,9,5>I feel a little sheepish writing a review for a steakhouse when I'm not a beef or pork eater. So avert thy eyes now if you just cannot read on! We went as a group of 6. The ambiance was great! Busy for a Monday night. There's a display case right when you walk in with meats and fish showcased. The service was outstanding. 5-stars for sure. We had a seafood sampler as an appetizer. It was pretty good. I would have liked to see oysters or mussels included. The seared tuna was a nice addition though!I had the Australian lobster. I'm honestly spoiled by Maine lobster with its tender meat, so I was surprised to find the Australian lobster to be so tough. I initially thought it was overlooked. That was a little disappointing to me. Everyone else at the table had a meat of some kind. The fiancé had the bison steak. There was a lot of fat (thumbs down). The lobster bisque was phenom. Have to agree though that the salads weren't that great. We also had a side of lobster mac n cheese and was really good. Would have lived to see simple mixed greens with a balsamic drizzle.  There are a ton of desserts to choose from should you have room! Let's recap:Pros: ambiance, service, lobster bisque, bread basket, seared ahi tunaCons: fatty bison cut, salad & seafood sampler need an update
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,3/17/2014,44,135,,6,2>As of now, I've been here quite a few times and tasted a LOT of their menu. Everything is pretty damn tasty. Their backyard burger is a huge hunk of meat, seasoned and grilled to perfection...add a little bacon and blue cheese crumbles...yes!The mojo pork sliders...my dad got these as I'm not about to order mojo pork from any place that isn't spanish...but WOW....I'm impressed and possibly even converted.This place is definitely on my radar now with good drink specials, nightly live music (thats actually good...not glorified karaoke).Also, sign up for their Loyalty Program...its pretty good giving you $7 for every $100 you spend.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,3/16/2014,66,80,,6,3>Boy, when I tell you that I am stuffed. I deliberately skipped lunch so I could enjoy my time at Bella Brava. This was my first time here and I thoroughly enjoyed the 2 B, which is a beer brewed in-house, and the cucumber martini. The bread was okay, the anti-pasta was Delicious, the main course which was a pork belly pasta dish was to die for, and it was just for us, because it wasn't even on the menu, yet. The Yelp event that I attended was awesome and awe inspiring. The perfect place to bring a loved one, and to show them a good time. The staff, was overtly friendly and very courteous to our needs. We had a preset menu and knew what was expected. The building was very fashionable and they had us in a very straight-forward set up and had time to enjoy the scenery of the restaurant, without being overcrowded by unwarranted noise. I repeat, the staff was excellent and there is no doubt that these people, enjoy working at such a lovely gemOf a place. Don't take my word for it, just go and try it for yourselves and see what you've been missing.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/15/2014,68,373,4,9,5>Woohoo! I finally went to The Refinery!After reading so many reviews about this place, I figured I'd give it a shot. I usually stick to my South Tampa restaurants, but decided to branch out for an anniversary dinner. I made a reservation online and we came into the restaurant right as happy hour was ending -- so we got a $5 small plate of chicken liver and my boyfriend got a glass of wine. Since it was an anniversary dinner, we splurged a little. To start, we had the pork belly (very small, but super flavorful and the meat was so tender it cut very easily), the carpaccio (also really good, the meat was thinly sliced and came with a delicious pairing of sauces) and chicken liver (weird texture, probably wouldn't get it again). The appetizers were all pretty good, but the pork belly took the cake. It was easily the best of the bunch, with flavor and satisfaction in every bite.Next, we both had burgers. Now, I am a huge burger lover. Like, I could probably have one for every meal. Not kidding. Hearing about how awesome their burger was is in fact what drew me to The Refinery in the first place. The burger came with bacon, onions, pickles, Swiss cheese and mustard. Sometimes bacon can really overpower a burger, but here that just wasn't the case. The meat was seasoned enough to where all the flavors of the ingredients just formed this beautiful symphony of tastes that just worked. The bacon was really incredible, though and definitely some of the better tasting bacon I've had on a burger.The fries were pretty good too. They remind me a lot of a place I used to frequent in Nashville (foodie paradise) and the ketchup is house made, which is a nice touch. The service was impeccable here. Our waitress was really friendly and efficient. The atmosphere of this place is very unusual when compared with the other restaurants in Tampa. It's a pretty small restaurant downstairs, but there's also an upstairs and a patio so there's still ample seating. The size of the restaurant is great for having a good conversation, something that doesn't tend to happen that often at larger places that get jam packed full of people.The Refinery is truly an innovator in food here in Tampa, which I think makes people think of it so highly. With a menu that changes so frequently (every week), you're bound to keep coming back to try what new items the chefs are serving up. I am definitely going to frequent this place more often, and I'm so pleased that I finally have seen what all the hype is about. 5 well-deserved stars.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,3/14/2014,331,115,5,9,5>A great staple on Howard Ave. known for their packed bars and sushi we grabbed a seat outside and were immediately greeted by our server, Aaron, who was wonderful. I have been a handful of times and remembered their magnificent Champagne Sangria, may as well order by the pitcher! Aaron guided us through the menu and we let him take control of our meal, what a fantastic job! We had a couple of sushi rolls, never a let down here. The most surprising was the chicken wings, they were unbelievable! Honestly, I think they must be the best in town. Who knew! We were in and out in less than an hour, just before the sparkly shirt D-bags started showing up. Watch for Groupons, also their Free Shot Check-in was honored. I will be back for the Wings and great service from Aaron!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,3/13/2014,110,189,4,6,5>My father is really happy with his experience at Ferman's body shop located at Ferman's Chevrolet dealership. Reason being my sister's car was wrecked in the back by some guy not paying attention to what's going on infront of him and worried about texting to who ever he was texting he ran in to my sister's back bumper.  So my father's insurance company told him to take to Gerber collision in Tampa and after 3 visit's with the car the car was never fixed just rushed fix. So my father was instructed to by his insurance company take the car to Ferman Chevrolet Body shop and about two weeks of having the car now getting the car back the car is fixed from all problems it had when it was wrecked in the back end. After checking over the car in the back and the frame underneath the car is now safe to drive and we received a free detail.My father will do business with these people again!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,8/20/2011,8,19,,5,3>The flavors used in Taj's dishes are masterfully blended; the food is almost a symphony.Maybe I'm not much of a critic.  I'd only tried a handful of Indian places before Taj, and honestly, I'd never truly been disappointed with Indian food.  But Taj proved to be something entirely different from what I'd expected.The paneer makhani is excellent - my favorite by far.  The spices crackle in your mouth without being overpowering.  If you're looking for something really, really spicy, make sure you tell them to lay it on strong; they seem to have a scale of three notches - mild, medium, and spicy, and other reviewers were right in saying that it does run a little on the mild side if you're used to hot Indian food.  But don't despair.  The food is masterfully done, and unless you're out for hotness alone, you won't be disappointed.The portions may not look generous right at first, but my partner and I are able to get three meals out of our helping of rice and paneer, two if we're really hungry (the one at the restaurant, and the leftovers we take home).  While you're there, indulge in the crispy flatbread and the mint, tamarind, and onion sauces they provide.  I've never had better.The one downside is the service.  The waiting staff are friendly, but they do leave you alone for the most part, especially on busy nights.  The food is every bit as good if you get it to go, and compared with some other places I've tried, they can be somewhat generous with the rice (and the sauces, if you ask for them).Everyone has their own favorite places, and everyone has their own opinion on what constitutes good Indian cuisine.  But when my partner and I move, we're honestly worried we won't find a place with food as good as Taj's.  Even with the (at times) lax service, we've never had a bad experience here.  5/5.  :)
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,8/19/2011,5,20,,3,2>Dunedin Brewery is a GREAT brewpub with a hip but laid-back atmosphere that is unmatched in the Tampa Bay area.The selection of beer very good, and they seem to alternate pretty often. The pale ale and the brown ale (both of which are always on tap) are really outstanding. The apricot wheat is very tasty. The other beers are very good, as well, and it is well worth getting a sampler tray first time in (or anytime you are looking for some variety).The food is surprisingly good (outward appearances make the place seem to be more of a bar than a restaurant). The hummus of the day is always fantastic (and very reasonably priced). The salads are huge, fresh and quite flavorful. The burritos and tacos are great, and packed with fresh ingredients. The sandwiches are pretty flavorful and are fairly large.On top of the great food and beer, Dunedin Brewery has an awesome atmosphere. There is often live music (and the acts are, almost always, quite talented). There is a drum circle on Tuesday (I think), which is interesting and very chill.Overall, Dunedin Brewery is a great place to drink, eat or just visit. I only suggest arriving early on weekends, as it can get pretty crowded (and there is little-to-no parking).
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,8/18/2011,88,345,2,2,2>Wow...!!! What a nice hotel. The room was so nice and the view incredible. The staff working there was always helpful. The downstairs bar is great to get a little night cap. They have a good selection of bottled beer but sadly nothing on tap. Haven't eaten at the restaurant there yet but hopefully next time. Definitely a place I'd come back to. Location is great too!!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,8/17/2011,65,528,1,1,2>Tis a joy to get rid of items through a recycling center instead of stuffing them into plastic bags or tossing them into the streets. People can be quite wasteful sometimes.This is why I went to one of the five RecyclaMat/Brush sites in Saint Petersburg yesterday with a trailer full of tree branches, limbs and what not..all for FREE!Mind you, one has to produce a Florida ID/water bill to qualify oneself for dumping privileges. How else would Sylvester, the Pinellas County employee here for the past 15 years know I was a neighbor dumping my load or I had made the trip from California with an oak tree in my lap? Okay..that's a far-fetched idea...The site is well-maintained with various Indian mound/pyres of wood, metal and mulched items. In fact, they give out free mulch to the public from the fellow who mulches the leaves and limbs.It was a good feeling to know that this recycling place exists so close to my place and it's well worth the short drive, right next to Lake Maggiore.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,8/13/2011,107,182,,3,2>I was invited to a birthday party here so my review is based on that. We had the large private booth in the back of the restaurant. We all met there on a Friday night and the place was starting to buzz with dinner guests. One by one, parts of our party arrived and we met at the bar waiting for the rest of the guests to arrive. We were quickly served different beers and wine and had their attention. We were quickly seated in the large bench farm table in the back and had pillows and candles lining the table to set the mood. Bottles of wine were ordered and quickly brought out along with many bread baskets. From there, we had a soup and salad course which they gave us options. Nice touch versus a totally planned menu. We had a lovely mixed greens summer salad. Nice and light. There were two options for soup and I ended up choosing a roasted soup. It was hearty but with the thick Florida heat, it was a bit hard to dig into it. From there, the carb coma began. Gorgeous family style bowls of beautiful hand made artisan pastas came out. There were lemon infusions with grilled chicken which was incredible. There were 2 large baking dishes of Eggplant parm and a massive bowl of what heaven must taste like. It was a small ravioli with grilled chicken, greens and a garlic cream sauce. Seriously incredible! Food was incredible - but we noticed it was SERIOUSLY hot in there. We were fanning ourselves non stop and sweating in that back area. I don't know if there was a fluke with the AC or if there is no ventilation there but the owner kept apologizing profusely and brought out iced towels for our necks. They cleared the tables and we went outside to cool off (which didn't help because it was muggy out there too). It gave them a chance to get the table back in order. Then the last course came out... a platter of beautiful Italian desserts. Cannolis, Strawberries, Lemon Tortas, Tiramisu and more... We were in awe! I am a baker and I was a beyond impressed. I would highly recommend this quaint little spot for dinner or for a party. They went above and beyond to accommodate us and it was a lovely evening. I am 100% Sicilian and extremely picky about my Italian food. In fact, I rarely venture out when I can make it better than most. I finally found authentic and fresh and so close to home! All in All - Go!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,8/12/2011,6,31,,5,3>It is as it was in the olden days of theater ... when masses of all classes would dress in their Sunday best to await the opening of the curtain and enjoy a cartoon or newsreel followed by a real Hollywood movie.A Spanish style courtyard design surrounds you under the original starlit night sky.  This was the FIRST air conditioned theater in the area, which proved to be a hit on hot Florida nights.The "Mighty Wurlitzer" pipe organ's pipes are hidden in the walls, although it is a little less mighty these days assumedly due to leaky pneumatic tubes.Although the balcony is romantic, I recommend lower level seating toward the front center as the sound system was never improved and still emits monaurally from the original square screen.  Sounds may be hard to discern in the balcony due to echos.  Ahhh, the memories of how it used to be!!!  There are 1,400 seats!  OH, the seating was not designed to be all that wide, so .......  some people might receive some discomfort if not in their own wheelchair.At this writing, there is a free mini-tour one hour before showtime; taking time for this will vastly improve your appreciation and experience.  Then grab your drinks and snacks before the show.  Beer is a very welcomed addition over the early days.Also (at this time) metered parking is free after 6PM, and ALL day Sat/Sun.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,8/11/2011,117,304,,3,4>Is there a better 'gourmet mexican' restaurant in St Pete? I think not! The level of pure, ecstatic, transcendant goodness is so high that it literally feels like a sensual release after eating here. I want to smoke, sleep, or even write poetry while basking in the post-dinner bliss delivered by Red Mesa to my soul-mouth.If you are on Yelp right now, trying to decide where to eat, and you have not been here, put down your smartphone immediately and drive here without delay. I am deadly serious. This place is easily in my Tampa Bay Top Five, regardless of genre.Favorite methods to achieve nirvana at RM:Appetizer:Chorizo Fundido - thick and spicy, served with warm, soft tortillas. Each bite melts in your mouth with a sizzle.Crab Cake with Habanero Mayo - beware! The Habanero Mayo is HOT. This place pulls no punches. You might find it odd to find a crab cake at a mexican place...but they hit a grand slam home run with this, putting most seafood places I've been to in the Pit of Shame, weeping with envy.Dinner:If it's your first time, try the Enchilada Trio...a magnificent Holy Trinity of goodness which allows you to taste a full spectrum of what RM can do with enchiladas. Duck Enchiladas with raspberry Chipotle sauce!!  Crab & shrimp enchilada with poblano cream sauce!!! Chicken enchilada with salsa roja!!!! You get one of each...and prepare to have your mind melted just like the delicate sauces on your plate! Did you hear me when I said Duck Enchiladas with raspberry Chipotle sauce?? Sweet Lord!!NOTHING I have tasted at Red Mesa has been bad, bland, or common. They obviously take pride in flavor and character...I am actually ashamed that you are still reading this instead of heading to your car to eat here...Oh, and by the way, they make a sangria which can make grown men weep.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,8/10/2011,22,36,1,4,2>Throw on your bathing suit cover up, put on your flip flops and grab your dog, it's burger time!A definite must-eat! These burgers are a classic - just like the place that sells them.This place is the "meat and potatoes" of AMI. This is the true island flavor.... funky little shack with great greasy burgers and beers. It is literally a TINY shack -- chicken wire as windows, cement-sandy floors and about 4 picnic tables crowded into a little area also considered the bar. And yes, doggies are allowed in and around the premises. This place is always slammed. If you're a bit claustrophobic not to worry, there are more picnic tables outside.One of my faves is the soda in the glass bottles, so so good. The fries (curly or regular) and the onion rings are all cripsy and deee-lish. It's the prefect place to grab a bite after a full day of fun in the sun. The best is that you don't have to hit the shower and get dressed before you can eat.... just put on some flops and head on over, they don't mind :) Super local beachy burger shack, can't get much better than this!Just remember to bring cash - no cards accepted.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,8/9/2011,104,29,,8,5>So after walking by this nice clean modern looking new place in Skypoint quite a few times I finally decided to have dinner there. The first thing I said to the owner, who care over to talk to me, was "I can't believe I took a month to eat here!" Now onto my review, this place is definitely something way different then what you can expect to find in most fast casual dinning options. This food if I were to close my eyes was right along with some of the best kabob places I used to eat when I lived in New York. I started with the yogurt and cucumber, it was well seasoned and a very nice sized portion, definitely enough to share. Then I had the Kufta kabob entree, it was amazing. It had perfectly seasoned meat on top of a piece of pita with these very well cooked onions on the side. There was a healthy portion of roasted red pepper rice on the side, one of three rice options. Btw the only complaint I had was that they used to wrong rice and the owner agreed and said the only reason the rice was wrong was because of the chef that they already had to let go. And if that wasn't enough food for under $10, it even came with a skewer of perfectly roasted veggies. This all paired nicely with a glass of Mediterranean red wine. So to sum it all up, if you want a delicious freshly prepared meal that won't put a hole in your wallet and doesnt taste the same as every other downtown option then this is worth a try. And as a rebuttal to the other review on yelp, there's is nothing wrong with using napkins when a pita is stuffed with goodness, lol. Ps. If you want some heat there's a homemade hot sauce you can ask for... Highly Recommend!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,8/8/2011,143,641,,3,2>So I haven't been here for a while and was hesitant due to some recent bad reviews bad I can tell you they're wrong! They have a great craft beer selection now. I was shocked! And on Thursday buy any craft draught beer and get a second free, that's on top of the regular happy hour specials of two-fers.There's still free parking at the McNulty parking garage, direct elevator access, it's dimly lit, with great music playing and on the night we went, although quiet when we walked in, was packed by the time we left at 7:00. The bar had a good crowd, there were three private parties and a good mix of locals, visitors and after work crowd.We started with the ahi tuna($8.99) which was nicely done and a nice presentation but could have been served a tad colder, that's just my preference.Also had the chicken tenders with barbalo sauce, their own blend of buffalo and barbque, ($6.99) these tenders were huge pieces of nicely crisp white meat. Others had the brunswick stew ($4.99 a bowl) which is nicely done with shredded pork, corn, beans and a hint of barbque sauce. Really good. The smoked fish dip($7.99) was also delicious, very smokey which we like and served with sliced tomato, red onion, and mixed crackers. Their plans to move got changed so they're staying put for now which is ok with me. I really like the atmosphere here and combined with the awesome music they were playing along with the nice beer selection and decent food it's back on our list for repeat visits!!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,7/11/2013,64,146,2,4,3>Holy moly, what a hog!  The bbq here is fantastic - the pork ribs, brisket, and burnt ends are delicious.  The pulled pork is good, but we've had better elsewhere.  Their sauces are great and the extra touch of keeping them in a warmer so it's easy to squeeze the sauce out of the bottle is appreciated.  I personally like putting both the hot and sweet sauce on my meat.5+ stars to their jalapeno mac and cheese and their baked beans.  Seriously, some of the best baked beans that I have ever had.  We've tried other sides, which are all good, but the jalapeno mac and cheese and the baked beans far outshine the rest.If you're craving some bbq, this place will definitely hit the spot.  Fair warning: this place BLASTS country music - not Shania Twain, Carrie Underwood country, but true die-hard, twangy country music.  It's my one major gripe with the place... would love to enjoy my food without getting a headache from the music!Also, limited seating indoors, plenty of outdoor seating - both covered and non-covered. I don't mind sitting outdoors while the weather is nice, but once it gets hot and humid, it might not be as pleasant.  They also have a drive thru for take-out.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,7/10/2013,626,152,1,4,4>Simple but delicious.  The meat was sliced right in front of me, they have plenty ofveggie options that were all fresh and crisp.  The bread couldn't be fresher, and I like the seasonings they put on there too.  My favorite part was they used what seems like a decent proscuitto, and seem to focus on quality and freshness over trying to cram as much cheap processed meat on an old piece of bread.Granted I have only tried the Italian, but will be going back to try the rest....  Cuban next.  The only downfall for me is the hours.  They aren't open on weekends or for dinner..... Makes sense as most their business is from the offices across the way, just would like to see if staying open one night a week would bring them in more than just people that work around here.....  With how good everything is, I bet lots of people would stop by in the evening, maybe pick up a sub and go relax by the bay.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,7/9/2013,189,109,,5,4>Attended for the menu release party.  We had not been here before, nor when it was World of Beer.  I liked the vibe - reminded me of the Independent in Tampa.  It's not a restaurant, but serves food at tables or the bar, so keep that in mind if you are going here just for the food.  We ordered the Fig and Pig, Wings, and Tacos.  The Fig and Pig was a crispy flatbread served with a fig jam, prosciutto, herbs, and cheese.  It was delicious, the mix of sweet and salty was a great combination.  We also ordered the wings which had more of a baked flavor served with caramelized onions on fresh bread.  This was a great place to grab a beer and have a bite to eat.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,7/8/2013,54,87,2,4,4>Wheel Fun Rentals is a great business on the Pier in the downtown St Pete area. They have many options for rentals:- beach cruiser bicycles (m/f)- tandem bicycle- surreys (pedaled cart- different sizes to accommodate 2-9 people)- chopper (seated low to the ground, three wheels, pedaled like a bike)- quad (four-wheel chopper)And many options for rates depending on how much time you want;- hourly- half day- full day- half-hour (not on their regular "menu" but if you're polite and want just a quick sunset loop around the park like my hub and I)The owners of this place are friendly and took the time with each of us to make sure the bikes were adjusted to the right height. They lend a lock free if charge for security, and helmets for safety. In general everything is very well maintained. Nothing is brand new, but nothing feels old either, and in my book thats pretty great for rentals. They would not rent out anything that's not working 100%, for instance the tandem bike is currently unavailable because it needs repair. If you call in advance you can reserve items for rental- this helped us on Tweed Ride day.It is very unfortunate that because of "the Lens", the Pier is CLOSING in two short months, and Wheel Fun and all other vendors will be forced to vacate. Some businesses will move, others will be forced to close altogether. No word yet but I hope Wheel Fun falls in the former category because we enjoy a cruise around downtown now and then, and I would hate to see this local staple disappear.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,7/7/2013,221,240,3,4,2>I'm addicted to this damn place. I've been 4 times in the last two weeks! Great atmosphere. Friendly and attentive waitresses. Awesome prices. Amazing food! The ginger salad is the perfect size to whet your appetite & the dressing is delicious! The pork dumplings are so perfectly soft, flavorful, and pillowy, and the sweet soy they serve it with, yum! I just want to drown those dumplings in it. On our first visit my husband got the Chicken Bul Go Gee of which I had a bite (or 3). The portion is MASSIVE and it is loaded with flavor! I've never had Korean food, but if this is any indication of what it's like, I'm a fan! Their sushi is AMAZING! The fish is so so fresh and tasty! You can tell they buy quality fish because it literally melts in your mouth. The Crunchy Florida Roll and the Alaska Rolls are my favorite. I always order my sauce on the side though, so i'm not sure if they over sauce it or not, which is pretty common at sushi joints. Takara & Yoshi Cafe are officially tied for my favorite sushi joint- though this is more a dinner spot and Yoshi is a lunch break staple. Try it & I'm sure you'll be addicted, too!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,7/6/2013,238,551,3,4,3>So I really didn't understand the whole restaurant and winery concept.  One word:  WOW.When you walk into Cooper's Hawk, you enter the tasting room and gift shop.  I was instantly sucked in to all of the cute wine gifts that they had for sale.  Upon being seated, we were asked if we wanted to sit in the restaurant or bar.  We opted for the restaurant as we were first timers.  The hostess walked us past their aged barrel of wine and noted that tastings of that wine are free (yes please)!We were in for lunch so perused the sandwiches and appetizers portion of the menu.  We started with the Asian Pork Belly Nachos.  Oh my goodness were they GOOD!  We also ordered a Buffalo Chicken Flatbread.  Our server forgot to bring it out at first but was EXTREMELY apologetic.  The flatbread was probably my favorite thing we had.  The waiter also brought us some of their homemade Pretzel Bread with mustard, which was really tasty too.  We washed all of our appetizers down with some refreshing Raspberry Sangria and were ready for the entrees!I had the Turkey and Brie Sandwich with the French Onion Soup.  Both really tasty!  My fiance' got the American Burger with Jalapeno Bacon.  Yes, you heard me right, JALAPENO BACON.  That stuff changed my life today.On the way out, we decided to do a tasting.  The tasting is $7 and you get to sample 8 wines.  What a fantastic deal!  As someone who has been to Napa Valley and various wineries in the upper peninsula in Michigan, it was really great to hang in a tasting room right in the heart of Tampa.  I think I found my new favorite wine heaven.  I can't wait to come back for dinner or Sunday brunch!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,7/5/2013,66,63,3,8,7>This is a great airport for so many reasons. They have figured out how to do it right. Whereas many airports have one security area before dispersing to the different terminals, this one has a security area in each of the terminals so the lines are much more manageable and won't be the cause for delay. They have a cell phone waiting lot for people waiting on arrivals, and there is a large board showing what has landed, what is delayed, etc. There are a lot of food and shopping options, though I still don't get why some of the stores are necessary. I'm not shopping for Kiehl's when I'm waiting to fly out.The best part of this airport? Free WiFi. And honestly, it's pretty quick! I can upload picture with ease, and in a lot of public wireless places it takes much longer or just doesn't work. I used to live in Atlanta and hated flying out of and picking people up from that airport, but this airport is just fantastic in comparison, and its central location makes it easy to access. Nice job TPA!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,7/4/2013,192,203,2,7,4>Any restaurant with a house pinot grigio for $15 a bottle will always have a special place in my heart. This place has a true upscale neighborhood feel. The manager was walking around when we were there and checked on us many times and even invited us to come back for a wine tasting later in the month. We tried a bunch of different appetizers including, the rolled grapes (completely different and a must try), the tots with curry ketchup (these are bigger starchy tots and if you don't like curry you can ask for regular ketchup) and the toasted goat cheese (very different and not what you would expect, it's a chunky sauce mixed with tomato and eggplant that you load on top of the toasted bread). I was also a complete glutton and got the Guinness and gruyere soup which is a yummy beer cheese soup with bacon and tomato. For my main course I tried the special which was cured pork with mashed potatoes, broccolini and a cranberry drizzle. The presentation was gorgeous and the pork melted in your mouth (check out my photo). I literally scrapped everything last bit off the plate.This is a great place to enjoy a nice dinner out without breaking the bank. I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,7/2/2013,119,371,,2,2>Cincinnati Chili....is an authentic.Greek dish! Truly! I lived in Greece for 6 years. When I was a teenager, I used to go to these "hole in the wall" cafes where taxi drivers would get a cheap quick bite. The specialty? Spaghetti in a light meat sauce that had the distinct flavor of cinnamon! Skyline offers a variety of choices all based around their famous Green style chili! My cousin spent a week with us recently down here in Dunedin, FL. We hit this place for a "quick bite" after going to a Spring Training ball game! Perfect!I have to add that because a lot of people migrate down to Florida, it's not unusual to find that entrepreneurs will open franchises of fave hometown spots people just can't live without! Another example is DELCO and their cheese steaks from Delaware County, PA! Homegrown locals eventually succumb to these eateries!There are 5 Skylines in Florida; Clearwater, Ft Lauderdale, Sunrise, Ft Myers, and Naples. If you're close to them, see what all the fuss is about.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,7/1/2013,72,220,4,5,3>This is some of THE best sushi I've had in Tampa, the prices are very reasonable, and it's right in our neck of the woods!  Fish and seafood are the stars here and it is all super fresh.  We started with the shrimp tempura appetizer.  It include two fresh, sweet shrimp in wonderfully light batter and some fresh veggies.  Tempura can easily be greasy or too heavy but this was absolute perfection!For our sushi selection, we tried to stick with some simpler rolls, as these are usually a very good measure of the chef's skill and the freshness of the fish.  The Bagel roll is one of our standard orders - smoked salmon, cream cheese and scallion.  The smoked salmon pieces were huge and the salmon itself was outstanding.  We also sampled the Florida roll - tuna, cucumber, scallion, mayo with citrus tobiko on the outside of the roll.  The tuna was also a huge portion and very fresh.  The veg inclusions were a nice balance to the richness of the fish, but we couldn't taste/didn't notice the citrus tobiko at all.  Rounding out the simpler rolls, we did the Key West roll - spicy conch, avocado, roe, scallion and cucumber.  This was our least favorite - mostly because we suddenly remembered why we prefer conch in fritter form only.  The conch was good, though not at all spicy, but like all conch - there were very chewy spots.  Eh, not quite our thing but worth a shot.The only "premium roll" we got was the Snow White - house made slightly spicy crab salad (yes, crab with a 'C'), avacado and tempura tips on top.  The crab salad was so outstanding, we ended up scraping the tempura crunchies off the top of most of the rolls as the bread taste only distracted from the sweet, just-enough-spicy crab.  This was outstanding and we are thinking of asking for a custom roll of just the 'crab special' and cucumber on our next visit.Great, quiet atmosphere, good service and an easy to find location.  Toki made our tummies very happy and we spent the whole drive home plotting when we can next return.  My absolute #1 pick for sushi in Tampa!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,9/9/2013,204,405,1,7,3>NOTE:  Cash only for orders under $10.This place rocks, and is the perfect finish to any Mexican dining you do on Drew St., which is the highest concentration of South of the Border flavors in the greater Clearwater area...and those flavors are mighty fine.  And La Reyna follows that tradition with their site-made frozen treats."Michoacan" ice cream is named after the state in Mexico where these tasty frozen treats with their distinct texture and flavors originated.   Michoacan ice cream is different from what you usually find here in the U.S.  Usually each shop makes its own, churning the frozen treat into unique Mexican flavors.  Paletas, or Mexican-style popsicles, are also offered along side of the ice cream, and I usually go with these for their ability to be consumed safely while driving.Every thing this store sells is made on site, and the fresh flavors really shine here.  I'm a big fan of their fruit-flavored popsicles, with melon, pineapple and coconut/pineapple tilting the awesome scale as my favorites.  The Mango con champs is very unique.  It's a mixture of mango, sugar, salt, paprika, and chili powder...which sounds like a pretty wild combination but is actually pretty good.  For $2 per popsicle, it's easy to try a few to find a few favorites.There is plenty of seating, probably 25 chairs or so at tables.  The owners are super-friendly, and seem to enjoy sharing how they make their products.This store can be very hard to see/find, as it's tucked  back behind the two adjoining properties.   My scores on the ice cream shop scale:Atmosphere:   3Service:   4Food:   5Value:   5
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,9/8/2013,254,1058,10,11,8>My very first visit to Tampa General Hospital was not a happy time in my life. It was the Fall of 2010, I was in a client's office in downtown Tampa, literally doubled-over in excruciating pain. The ambulance rushed me over the bridge to TGH, and my first view of the hospital was flat on my back as they rolled me into the Emergency Department on a gurney. All I can remember is that I had never felt pain like this before, and apparently my choice of language quickly communicated to the nursing staff that I was in agony and needed help. Yup, it was a kidney stone, and a fairly big one, but the folks at TGH were able to hook me up to some lovely pain medication and deal with the problem.My second visit to TGH was about ten days later when I sheepishly returned to the Emergency Department with an Edible Arrangements bouquet for the nursing staff and a single rose for the very lovely nurse who took such great care of me. I apologized profusely for my verbal tirade, and I was told that I won an award for the most creative use of curse words within a single sentence. Apparently that was a source of great amusement for everyone on duty. (Forgive me Father.......)Fast forward to today and that same very lovely nurse is now my girlfriend, and she loves to giggle and remind me of my "Incredible Hulk" moment in the ER. Oh the pain.....Anyway, I'm  extremely impressed by the professionalism shown by the entire staff at TGH. They've recently-undergone a multi-million dollar renovation of the entire Trauma and Emergency Department, and other sections of the hospital are also being updated. TGH is a private, not-for-profit hospital with over 1,000 beds.This is a teaching hospital (in conjunction with USF Health's Morsani College of Medicine), and is the area's only level I trauma center and one of just four burn centers in Florida. They have 5 Aeromed helicopters on standby for the most critically ill and injured adult and pediatric patients 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, from 23 surrounding counties.Yup, the hospital has been around for years, and it is sorely in need of updating in some areas, but as a not-for-profit organization they are dependent upon grants and donations to make these changes. TGH will never turn anyone away, regardless of their ability to pay for services.While I don't wish that anyone go through the agony of kidney stones, I am thankful that TGH was there for me when I needed help.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,9/7/2013,25,137,2,7,1>WOW!!!!!!!! This place is a one stop shop for all things food and drink: Restaurant, bar, deli, bakery. The NYC theme is pretty cool too with subway/street signs on the walls and graffiti in the bathrooms. We went for lunch and the special that day (Thursday) was a free cup of matzo ball soup with any meal. The soup was great, the matzo balls were nice and fluffy. Coming from a Jewish family I can really appreciate that. They also started us with rolls and butter. I've never seen a deli type restaurant bring you bread. Pretty neato! (side note: you can also buy "yesterdays leftover bread" at a super discounted price) The menu is quite overwhelming but we settled on the pastrami and turkey pastrami. Man everything was just sooo good. The turkey pastrami was nice and dry, just how I like it, and super flavorful. The sandwich was about as big as my head. I'm a petite person and I took two bites and was nearly full. Holy cow!! This will keep me fed for days. So considering the portions, you really can't beat the price. The potato salad is also superb. They have the old school style cream sodas as well.Bakery: wow oh wow oh wow. The prices aren't bad really. 3 bucks for a pastry. We got a small eclair and that was just phenomenal. The lady next to us said she gets a large one every time and eats the whole thing in one sitting. It's about the size of 2 hot dogs and buns. Service: our server was extremely polite and friendly and efficient. In fact you will probably notice that even the customers here are really friendly (Perhaps one thing NOT fitting with the NYC theme).Well I'm sold. This place totally rocks. Unfortunately I live in St. Pete.. oh wait.. but there's one in downtown St. Pete too. Well life just got a lot better.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,9/6/2013,19,236,2,4,3>My favorite sit down Mexican place in Tampa.  Actually, in Florida.  We've been here 3 times in the past 6 months.  My only problem is that I had such a great dinner the first time we went, I get the menu, look it over, tell myself I'm going to try something different and end up ordering the same meal as before.   Chips and Salsa, Chile con Queso Blanco (large), Stuffed Jalapenos with cheese, and Pollo Fundido Chimichanga.  After that, I waddle out (but with a smile on my face).My wife usually gets the Carnitas De Puerco.  My son had the enchiladas verde.  Both said they were great.  We did have reservations this last time since it was a Saturday night.  Our table was ready when we showed.  The other times were unannounced and maybe waited 5 minutes.  Would recommend reservations on Friday and Saturday night. Parking lot is full. Every time I've been there, there has been 1-2 spaces open.  If you have a problem, they have valet service on the other half of the parking lot.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,9/5/2013,107,182,1,8,2>I am definitely a fan but not necessarily for the reasons I should be.  I love the feel of the place.  Small, quaint, funky, eclectic and hospitable.  Very nice people.  I felt on my recent visit that I was somewhere else, possibly a Key West type feeling sitting outside on a bar stool in the middle of a Friday afternoon. I went with a friend and we ordered two wines and split a plate.  The wine was a large pour, so 5 stars for not skimping!  The food was a 3.5 and needs a few tweaks. I grew up in Tampa and have had my share of good Cuban food.  While fresh and abundant, I think there needs a bit more seasoning.  They are healthy in their servings which I appreciate. We both split a large plate of Pork, rice and plantains. Plantains weren't ripe enough, pork was very tender needed more oomph.  Beans also needed more acid (vinegar & more bayleaf).  I Will have to say I went when it first opened and I think they had a very overwhelming response.  So I think they had to work out a few kinds.  I will definitely return and follow up on my reviews.  I have friends who have since been and really enjoy it.  TBD!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,9/4/2013,102,115,,3,3>Picking the right photographer for an important event can be very scary.  I assure you that Brandi will make sure you walk away with beautiful images that will bring back wonderful memories for a lifetime.  She is relaxed, professional, punctual and easy to work with.I recently had the pleasure of working with her and got some fantastic photos of my boyfriend and I in the park where we met three years ago.  She has these images in her website blog.  brandiimage.com/charlottSee for yourself and keep her in mind for your next photography session
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,9/3/2013,48,44,3,7,3>If you're going to the Flying Pan for some super authentic crepe experience that whisks you to away to the side streets of Paris as you stare across a bistro table into the eyes of some mysterious stranger you met on the metro the night before, you will probably be disappointed. If, on the other hand, you have realistic expectations for a place that offers the 80% crepe solution, fresh, healthy, tasty treats at a fairly reasonable price and reasonably quick, then you will probably really like the Flying Pan. Dinging the Flying Pan for not being "authentic" is like complaining that Carrabbas isn't authentic Italian. It's not supposed to be. It's a chain that provides their own *unique* twist on the crepe (this is on the Flying Pan home page).I'm in the latter of the two groups. Walking to the Flying Pan, I knew going in that I wasn't headed to some posh French place that claimed to serve the perfect, authentic crepe, so I didn't have any reason to be disappointed with my Aussie Sunrise, fresh squeezed orange juice and coffee. I withheld the fifth star because the layout is a bit cramped and cumbersome for someone with a stroller or wheelchair. Once I got past the register to the pickup area, the path narrowed considerably and I was basically forced to take a table along the wall in order to find space for my stroller. To leave, I would have either had to trek backward through the ordering line or, as the case was, rely upon the kindness of strangers to literally move tables out of the way. Aside from the difficult layout, I love the interior. The color palate and styling is very low-key, clean lines and great modern pieces.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,9/2/2013,336,610,3,7,4>Yes 5 stars to the max. I was so in heaven when I went to Villagio. The reclining chairs are uncomparable and you are even more comfy watching a movie than at home. You can also have an opportunity to have some great Italian food, sandwiches, pizza, entrees, and DESSERT. Of course there is a full bar of course for your drinking heart's content. This was definitely a great opportunity for me to watch a funny movie as well, The Heat. All was great at this place. Also on creative loafing you can get deals for it. That makes for an even bigger cherry on top is saving money and loving every moment of your experience there.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,9/1/2013,236,252,5,8,6>We were hungry and not really wanting breakfast food, but short on options when we were driving down 9th Street at 9am on a Wed morning. I pulled up Yelp on my phone and was shocked to see all the 5 star reviews for Trip's Diner (many from Elite's). We had been in this place when it was Dave's Diner before it was remodeled and it was pretty rough with just okay food. The Yelp reviews convinced us to give it a chance.Upon walking in the front door we were immediately impressed. They really did a great job of remodeling the restaurant and making it look nice. They kept some of the nostalgic features like the tables with the old Florida maps (fun to look at while you wait!) and the local pictures. Shortly after we sat down we saw a waitress bring out the biggest pancakes I have ever seen in my life sprinkled with blueberries for the table beside us. They looked phenomenal! Even though we weren't originally wanting breakfast, we decided to order it. My Husband ordered a 6 egg omelet with pepper jack, sausage and bacon (did I mention we had worked all night and were starving?). He picked white cheddar cheese grits for his side. I ordered their Burrito Buster. When our plates arrived everything was HUGE. My Burrito Buster had to be tackled with a knife and fork. The burrito was so full that it was verily wrapped up and it was oozing with cheese. Delicious. As for my Husband's meal....wholly white cheese grits Batman. These girts were so creamy and delicious that I wanted to grab his bowl and run. Definitely some of the best grits I have ever tried. We left stuff, satisfied and with leftovers. We loved it so much that we went back the next week and we ended up ordering the same thing with a side of bacon (their bacon is heavenly and practically melts in your mouth...order it). You definitely need to try this place.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,8/31/2013,38,85,2,8,2>This place caught my eye when I was perusing Groupons for the day for its unusual title. I mean really, who combines a Japanese steakhouse and an Italian restaurant? This restaurant is located in the ICOT center in the location where the old Yuki restaurant was. A strip center restaurant, they have changed the space quite a bit from the previous incarnation. As soon as you walk in you are dead-face in front of a very large bar done in metal and silver and grey materials looking quite modern. They appear to have a large selection of beers on tap. We were immediately greeted and whisked around the bar to the backside of the bar where there is an entrance to a whole another room that contains six hibachi grills on each side. The grills are situated so that two occupy a very large seating area in a U-shape around them.The decorations for this area consist of black walls a few scattered Japanese looking paintings and track lighting. The ceiling is also painted black so all of the ductwork for the grills, the girls themselves and pretty much everything is just black. It's not a bad thing it's just a little odd for dining. We were seated on the other side of the you across from a party of seven. They were enjoying sushi and cocktails. At the time of our arrival which was around 7:30 PM on Friday night, there were only a few scattered people in this section, most of the people were seated at the bar or in the bar area and they were also enjoying sushi. We didn't spot anyone actually eating any Italian and we were there for the Italian either so I can't really comment on that. It is intriguing though. I went to wash up down a long corridor or which was cleverly designed to be in between the bar area and the hibachi area, divided by a paneled wall. Typical of strip center restaurants, the doors are lightweight but on strong springed hinges making them hard to open. The only reason I actually bring up the restroom is because typically it's a good sign of whether or not a restaurant actually takes care of itself in cleanliness. The decor in this restaurant is odd but the restroom seems to match the bar area and is done in a modern-type setting with shiny tile floors and walls mixed with black. There are two sinks and their mismatched one is a small white utilitarian looking sink that sort of reminds me a little bit of the kind you see in a movie for a psycho ward or jail the other one is quite nice with a very large bowl and an interesting spout that sort of resembles an old time water pump. Two urinals and one stall round out the appliances. There were quite a few air fresheners located throughout this restroom indicating bad circulation and the floor was sticky which is gross.Our server was a cute college aged girl that seemed quite friendly although I didn't really get her name. She explained that it was 2-for-1 on all wells, domestic draft beers, and bottled beers. We asked for a list of the bottled beers and were disappointed by the fact that most of them were domestic. They did have Kirin it coupon however so I ordered one of those in my wife ordered Kirin Light along with some water.We decided on ordering the special for two which we thought was only going to have one protein choice and vegetables it turned out that it actually comes with a small stake about 5 ounces, two chicken breasts, a pile of scallops, a pile of shrimp and these are not the small kind either, fried rice, lo mein, and mixed vegetables for $32. This is really a great price. We were served a small bowl of iceberg lettuce with ginger dressing and a small bowl of soup. The dressing was wonderful but the iceberg lettuce was not cut properly and was really rather bland by itself. The soup was equally disappointing it seemed to be mostly hot water with some floating scallions small pieces of mushroom and an onion or two but was truly bland.Thankfully all of this changed when our chef arrived. His name was Don and he was quite delightful. He managed to blend good humor and true skill together in an understandable routine that seemed to be tailored to my wife and I. Often when visiting these types of establishments you can tell that the chef is so bored with his mundane routine that it seems like he's just following a script, this was not the case with Don.  Our meal was excellently prepared even with omitting butter and oil for my wife's portion. The only negative is that there needs to be just a little bit more in the vegetable category to compensate for such a large selection of proteins.After Don had finished cooking our meal and we spent the next 20 or so minutes eating it we were checked on a couple of times and had ordered another round of beers. By the time we were finished however, the restaurant added two large parties and our server seem to have disappeared. We waited unnecessarily for her to return to close out, an additional 15, or so, minutes.All in all I'd say that this place was worthy of a return trip if nothing else
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,4/27/2012,159,231,4,4,3>I was staying at a hotel nearby and they recommended this fantastic, kitschy, greasy spoon. I had the Hobo Hash (scrambled eggs over potatoes, bacon, onions, peppers and cheese), which comes with a biscuit and sausage gravy. I left that with that "I think a brick is in my stomach" feeling that only comes from eating something that is 90% lard. I happen to love that feeling. There are several glowing reviews and articles posted near the door. Food Network magazine named this the best breakfast in Florida. Rick Bragg said he'd want their biscuits and gravy as part of his last meal.The downside: it IS crowded and you basically sit on top of the table next to you, unless you're in a booth.Also, our waitress was very sweet so did not get a grumpy old lady as many other Yelpers reported. Kind of wish I did...
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,4/26/2012,22,36,2,5,4>Holy Cow! This was my very first time here and I can't believe I've waited this long!! I had the Cuban with a ropa vieja empanada and both were unbelievably good. My husband had the same thing - however he asked for the original Cuban, with only meat, pickles and mustard (mine had lettuce, tomato, mayo - both sandwiches were delicious - I just had the urge for some veggies). I savored every bite, it was a thing of perfection. The flavor, freshness, consistency - not too dry or soggy.Hands down, this place has the best Cuban sandwich around. I thought the Columbia had the best but now there is a new 1st in my book.  The bread is so fresh and soft, even after being pressed. I like the size options, I had a little sandwich and it was just right. Also the prices are very reasonable. We ate in house, this place is tiny with a kitchen full of staff cooking away. Parking was a bit of a challenge considering that the sandwich shop is on the corner of Armenia and Douglas - it's a pretty active spot traffic wise. The staff is very warm and friendly, sweet people. I did not try any desserts this time, but I will be going back this week for lunch - and I plan on trying their soup, desserts, etc. My new favorite sandwich shop, this is very exciting!!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,4/25/2012,22,151,3,4,4>Lunch Tues Dec 27.  Like a classic Dickens novel we had "Great Expectations" in dining here for the 1st time even though we have lived in Tampa for 13years.  We were NOT disappointed!    Appetizers: had the Brew House Pretzels and  Brew House Cider Wings ( both recommended by our server).    The Pretzels came out as larger sized salted pretzels served hot.  They had a very good buttery garlic flavor, BUT you didn't have to eat them alone - they came with 2 dipping sauces.  These were not your microwaved preprocessed dips, these were a very unique and full bodied cheese fondue AND a homemade spicy mustard that seem to have many tastes within it.    The wings were lightly breaded and came in a very nice sauce that wasn't too hot nor bar-b-q'ish - it was just the right blend.  It was supposed to be a pound? Not sure how much they weighed, but there were 7 of them.  We all really liked both appetizers.   I also had a side house salad.  It was an add on to my entree for $3, which I thought was a bit pricey, but once I got the salad, I quickly realized it was worth it !It was a mix of fresh greens with Gorgonzola cheese (nice touch!) and a homemade vinaigrette -it was tasty and enough to share.  Lunch Entrees: we had a party of 4.  Brewhouse Barleywine Meatloaf -  Best meatloaf I have ever had! If you like meatloaf, you have to get this at least once! Bursting with flavor and very filling.  Brewhouse Burger - top 5 burger for the person.  The burger was hand patted and very fresh, cooked to perfection and served on a very tasty bun/roll.  Tandoori Chicken Pita - large in size, but really needed more sauce to flavor it.  Based on how good everything else was, this was a bit disappointing.  Half Daily Sandwich & a cup of Beer Cheese  Soup -  Sandwich was a turkey with Gouda cheese and was delightful.  The soup was the best beer cheese soup the person had ever had!  Everything on menu looked good.  All dishes seemed to have just enough difference to make them unique and personal to TBBC.  We will definitely return and would recommend to anyone driving by on I-4 or visiting Ybor City.  The only bad part for us is that we are 25 minutes away and this can not be a weekly or a spur of the moment spot for us.  Would love to see one of these open up in NW Tampa.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,4/24/2012,209,100,2,2,2>One of my absolute favorite spots in Tampa, period. Whether you want to lay in the sun during the day, do some free yoga, walk your dog, or have a nice romantic stroll in the moonlight this park is amazing.The first Thursday of every month they host a free live concert series called Rock the Park. RTP showcases some of the best musical acts that Tampa has to offer and it is a great opportunity to hear great tunes and meet other like-minded music junkies.Also, another thing I love is that my ex and I use to grab a small bottle of wine from The Hub down the street and just sit on a bench, swigging out of the bottle. (Classy, I know, but it was spontaneous and romantic!) No one ever gave us grief about the booze and it was nice having such a lovely view of the University of Tampa and their famous minarets.Curtis Hixon is one of the best things that the City of Tampa has done to improve our downtown area and it is definitely a jewel of the city.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,4/23/2012,336,610,,6,3>When the band wagon is leaving, better jump on, or else. So Everyone and their mom has loved this place so I have passed it so many times, and said so many times, I will try it, and guess what tonight was. It was "The Night!"  A great one at that. A perfect post Valentines Day Celebration.Guess what?!  People on a nice night do not want to sit outside, but we do, and Mocha my puppy wants to come too.  This place is very welcoming, very pretty. We had the outside patio to ourself, and there was nice music playing, and it was so relaxing.Everyone that greeted us was very helpful. We wanted to play with the ipads so bad to order our food, but they don't let the outsiders use it. That is to ensure no one walks away with a new present. We played with it inside. It's so nice bc you can order your food on the ipads and the pictures of the meals are so clear and detailed, and so helpful.  Oh that was so wonderful. This manager is awesome to have this idea bc it totally works in this day and age.We ordered the short rib and portabello flat bread with fig and fontina oh how I love the sweet and savory. We also tried the Four Cheese Satchelsricotta, mozzarella, aged Parmesan, imported Pecorino Romano,organic tomatoes, pomodoro sauce, crispy pancetta, arugulaI would describe them to look like crab rangoon, not fried, or like won ton in soup but italian style with the cheese and tomatoes and sauce etc..  Yummers.Lastly, the chocolate lava cake. This place and our meal was solid heaven.  We will so be back!!!!!!!!!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,4/22/2012,143,641,3,8,3>I  was torn on trying here due to the reviews but wow it was amazing!We went for an early Saturday dinner about 4:00. Walked in to a nice clean modern decor with plenty of booths around the bar and a huge dining room with open and private spaces. Lovely.Chose a booth at the bar and started with a Cactus Pear Maragarita ($7.00 during happy hour). Wow, this was good, ice cold glass, agave nectar, just the right amount of tequila.Hubby opted to start with the Tortilla soup ($4.50) which was good and served promptly and hot (I hate lukewarm soup) It was good, but not as good as others I've had.I started with the guacamole trio trying the goat & blue cheese, the BLT and the traditional. The goat cheese and the traditional were both delicious, the BLT, eh, not my style. At $10.90 it might seem pricey but believe me it feeds 4 as an appetizer easily.THen moved on to the Crab and Mango ceviche. Served in a half an avocado this was heaven on a plate! Doing Ceviche with crab is no easy task, it's often overdone , but it was perfect and refreshing. ($7.50)Had to try some different drinks and had the Blackberry Agave ($7.00 at HH) muddle blackberries with agave nectar and tequila, wow, delicious and not full of blackberry seeds, hmmm..wonder how they do that?Hubby tried a Strawberry Lemon Mojito, ($6.90) with muddled strawberries and lemon it was like a grown up lemonade. We then moved on to the Duck Tacos.($13.50) Oh so good, the mole sauce was delicious. Not bland like most in the area but actually had depth and flavor with a little heat. Now some of of the duck was a little chewy, like they had cooked it then tried to make it like Carnitas. I will say, only some of it was like that, other pieces were tender bits of heaven and the dish as a whole with radishes and cojita cheese was fabu!!For a total bill of $71.00 before tip we are already planning our next visit. It's nice to know Nick cares about his business too as he responds to his negative reviews.This is a definite repeat visit for us!!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,4/21/2012,379,222,2,6,5>I'm not sure this is a "solid" 4-star, but having been to the Brandon Rack I have to say this gets the extra for that alone. Now, I've been in here a couple of times but I've never eaten. Why? Because by the time I make it to SoHo around 10 or 11 this place is PACKED. There's no seats, the ability to move has been greatly reduced and the service is lacking enough on the drink front let alone for food. And yet...I still like the place.I'm not sure if it's the layout, the drinks, the prices (for SoHo), the music, the pool, the company I bring with me or what, but I find myself returning time after time. Note: The last time I was in was early, I sat in the small bar in the back and the bartender was fantastic. Not only did she suggest a really good drink, but she even made a small taste of it for me before I ordered to make sure I'd like it. Great service is a great review, ladies and gents. No joke!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,4/19/2012,56,105,,3,4>Hello everyone! Well Last Thursday Night Katie and I did our Date Night at a local Restaurant that I had heard about called the Refinery. thetamparefinery.com I had heard all sorts of great things about this little Gem in Seminole Heights just about on the corner of Florida and Hillsborough.  We actually made a reservation, even though it was Thursday night. They could have seated us without it but if you are going on the weekends or a special occasion with more than 4 diners I would make a reservation. I  believe that I counted 11 or 12 tables inside and then there is a second story balcony bar that has room for more but we didn't make it up that far.This converted bungalow is truly a gem! With an ever changing menu (check every Thursday) a decent wine list and very knowledgeable staff, oh and a great chef this was a place that we will visit again.  An appetizer of Andouille Sausage Tourchon for Me and Katie had the Korean Barbecue Tostada and two main courses of Mangrove Snapper and the Roasted Chicken followed up by Ginger Vanilla Froyo and a Camino Rosco Terrine made for a splendid meal.I am not spending a lot of time on the meal itself other than to say that it was great due to the menu change each week. I am sure that you will find something to your liking here and I will say that we will come back.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,4/18/2012,151,511,2,2,2>Popped in for an afternoon pick-me-up. Their "Black Hole" was just the ticket. It's iced coffee with added espresso. The coffee and espresso itself are so flavorful. Not too bold, not too weak. I ordered it with some SF vanilla syrup and nonfat milk. For once in my life, I didn't have to add any sweetener! It was delicious and did just the trick.I had lunch waiting at the office so I only grabbed a side of their fruit salad, but it was so fresh and tasty. All the fruit were at the peak of ripeness.My boss grabbed her favorite The ABBA sandwich (almond butter, apricot jam, and banana). It looked amazing! I'll definitely try that next time.Great first impression. It's a little hard to figure out the identity of this place, but that's kind of what makes it so fun :)
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,4/17/2012,105,180,7,13,13>Something about a coffee house in an actually house that just sits well with me.  This is definitely a drive to not drive through type of place and the hard working person behind the counter may require a little time to fill orders but patience pays off here.Tucked along a side street bordering the sprawling USF Tampa campus, parking is at a premium and you may have to turn on 56th from Fowler and circle the back way to get here but once you find it, you'll know why it's worth the extra effort.There's seating indoors and outdoors, an eclectic mix of stools, chairs and sofas that must be pretty comfortable judging by the fact no one budged from their seat while I was there and free internet plus lots of reading materials, board games and just good vibes that would make it easy to hang out here for hours. Along with a really inspired selection of hot coffees, teas, frappes and more there were also some baked good and a menu of the day's featured sandwiches and such.The web site lists entertainment such as music and poetry events but you get the feeling that you could easily meet people here and make yourself at home no matter what is going on.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2012,10/4/2012,88,148,3,7,3>My girl friend once commented on Salt Rock: your experience at this place all depends on how was the weather that day, which table you sat at, which dish you ordered.. etc. I think her description both appropriate and wicked.  For example, at our gal's night out, I ordered Sea bass ($ 33), it taste great, whoever prepared this dish is a well-trained professional. However, the side dish was a sauteed spinach that must be cooked by someone works at cheap diner. As well as the second time me and hubby went for early bird hour. High quality oyster sample are first class treats. However, rest of the seafood meal were not impressive. I assume any main course charged less than 20 dollars is prepared with less enthusiasm. Can you discriminate fish or can you not? That is a million dollar question. Still, we decided this restaurant is worth to return to. We enjoy the great view, attentive service, good wine list and energetic bar tenders. It is also a fun spot for people watching. I won't deny there is air of pretentious surrounds you, but, what heck, I don't mind people just be themselves even if once a while, being a bit loud. That makes west coast Florida life little more  'abundant'.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,10/3/2012,112,359,2,4,2>The Palm is what a steakhouse chain should be.  Consistent quality, competitive prices and enough local personality that you never forget exactly where you are.  The wine list is balanced with a number of price points and varied geographic choices.  Steak and seafood are the headliners here and it goes without saying that you need to come with a hearty appetite.  The service is attentive and informative without being overbearing.  The presentation was perfect and the execution, particularly on my medium rare bone in porterhouse, was spot on.  The meal is a lå carte with sides designed for sharing.  Unless of course you order the tempura asparagus - you might find yourself hoarding it all for yourself!If you are equally impressed and plan to come back, I would suggest signing up for the 837 Club - who doesn't enjoy a "free lunch?"
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,10/2/2012,224,570,3,3,3>Tastier than most buffets in Tampa and healthier too, and several bucks cheaper than Sweet Tomatoes because it includes drinks (and that includes the Coca-Cola Freestyle fountain with 100+ flavors). Sadly, the tea isn't freshly-brewed; it's reconstituted syrup from a tin that cleverly resembles an iced-tea jug but is a vile dissembler.If you're not already on campus, there are some hourly parking spots in the SunDome lot.I started out with a slice of spinach and tomato pizza, vegetarian gumbo, and grilled eggplant. I'm not going to kidnap Alton Brown and insist he try it, because (1) it's good, but not extraordinary, and (2) besides, he carries a handgun.When I returned to try more items, I started with some chilled pasta with basil, topped that with a tofu-carrot mixture, and had a scoop of cottage cheese to which I freely added Craisins. I also noticed a PB&J station and had to try it.You've seen "Lily's Disneyland Surprise!" on YouTube, right? I'll wait.Back? Okay. That video = my face when the woman behind the counter handed me a slice of bread with FRESHLY GROUND PEANUT BUTTER on it. Like straight from the machine onto my bread. I nyan'd happily back to my table and nommed ALL the things.o_O It just occurred to me that I could have put freshly ground peanut butter onto chocolate frozen yogurt. Madre de Dios, I must return. I SHALL RETURN....once I get hungry again.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,10/1/2012,159,231,4,4,4>The yogurt on its own here is delicious. I have a hard time straying from the Cheesecake flavor, but word on the street Oatmeal Cookie is even better.Couple the amazing yogurt with the fact that this place has donuts, cookies, brownies and other baked goods at the BEGINNING of the assembly line (right where you pick up your froyo cup) and I don't know how there isn't one of these in every city in America. Yes, you can place an entire donut in the bottom of your yogurt cup. It doesn't get much more 'Merican than that!They have the best selection of toppings I've ever seen at a self-serve froyo spot, and you can choose to be healthy (lots of fruit & nuts) or go hog wild and dump a donut in the bottom as I mentioned above. My only complaint is the environment of this place is really sterile, almost like you're in a futuristic laboratory. I totally get that's intentional, hence the "ology" at the end of the name evoking a scientific connotation. I think it's a requirement to be obsessively clean to work here. Right as you're scooping out a topping, the staff on the other side of the sneeze guard quickly fixes your "mess" and makes sure every M & M is in place. It's a little off putting yet funny at the same time. And, of course, it makes me want to mess things up even more. It's really tempting to dump some strawberries into the Oreos and see what they do. :P
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,9/30/2012,21,131,2,3,3>Ok, I spent years eating 'Q in Texas during grad. school and while this place is not full on, it is as close as you're going to get outside of Texas. The first bit of good news is they have Shiner Bock. If a place claims to be Texas 'Q and they don't have Shiner Bock they're posing.  The meat doesn't come slathered with sauce.  The sauces are good (they have two, sweet and hot) and they compliment the meat really well but you're not there for the sauce you're there for the meat.  I had brisket and ribs. The brisket was not even a little dry and the ribs were as tender as any I've had. The meat was, perhaps, just a little under seasoned but it was still VERY good. I had a taste of the pulled pork and it was exceptional as well.  They have pickles on the tables (their own recipe) that honestly stole the show for me, they had a very interesting complex flavor and complimented the meat far better than you would expect for just . . you know.. pickles. I tried the pickled jalapenos that are on the table as well, they were good but jalapenos aren't my thing.  The mac and cheese was smooth and creamy and had really good flavor, the potato salad wasn't the German variety (with bacon and vinegar) you frequently get in TX but it was still good.  The sweet tea wasn't TOO sweet and was good and fresh. Plenty of parking and easy in and out, but inside seating is limited so be prepared for impromptu take out.  Prices were about what you expect.  The sandwiches are 6.50,  8.00 for a sandwich a side and a drink, and sampler platter with pork, brisket and ribs with 4 sides is 13.00.  They do deliver but not to me (and maybe that's a good thing).
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,9/29/2012,99,209,,8,3>Every once in a while, you happen about a place that just does it right.  Well - actually I didn't really happen about this place - I was WAITING for it to finally open.  Where once stood a rat infested, dirty dining award eatery, now stands a completely re-done/remodeled hidden gem of such delicious New York style deli fare, you really have to eat here to believe it.  Service is sitdown with a server or seat yourself at the bar.  The bright yellow exterior practically welcomes you in where some of the friendliest staff I have ever encountered in a restaurant are here to serve you some fantabulous food.My first visit was for dinner - myself having a crab stuffed tilapia with a sherry mornay sauce with sliced almonds.  Uh...winning !!!  My wife had the stuffed cabbage rolls....wow.  Let me remember my appetizer for a moment - Pastrami Reuben Egg Rolls - they were to die for.  Our server Ronda was very attentive and always made sure we were okay.So I went back for lunch a few days later - the wonderful server Ronda we had for dinner was behind the bar and remembered me...that's nice.  Bartenders behind the bar were also on hand for great conversation while I dined on what could be the best hot pastrami sandwich on marble rye I have ever eaten.  There are so many great dishes on the menu I'm not sure how I am going to get through them all....Also, this place does desserts proud - showcasing a large platter of their sweet prizes brought to your table (or seat at the bar), I chose the orange creamsicle cheesecake...or something like that.  Oh boy....so good.  With a good assortment of bottled beers and standard restaurant drinks, TV's throughout, modern and clean interior, this place is on my new short list of places I can't wait to get back to.  Great food is what we want, but this place does an extra solid by giving great customer service and attitude.My next visit will be for breakfast - which I have heard is insane.  Can't wait.  Hat's off to George the owner for making a great vision a reality.....!!!!  There are just too few New York style deli's around and this place has hit the mark.Previous reviews may have been painted with a brush common with new restaurant openings - (slow service, disorganization, etc.), but that is to be expected at times with a new opening. After a month or so - this place has found rhythm, and new happy customer.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,9/28/2012,336,610,2,6,3>Are you looking for a Tampa/St. Pete area botanical garden to feel like you are in the tropics, enjoy nature, look at pretty scented flowers, or have a love for the study of plants and flowers?  Maybe you are thinking of having a wedding in a garden setting.  Sunken Garden may be the answer. I have visited here, and love the setting of this garden. It is just right outside of downtown St. Petersburg, right off one of the main streets - 4th St. N.   That's what makes it seem to me like different, its location.  When you take a walk through this garden, you get mesmerized, and cannot believe that it is all there.  There are an abundance of palm trees, tropical fruit trees which were one of my favorites. There were also water falls, and fountains.  You would never believe that this garden is 100 years old, and some of the plant and flower inhabitants can date back that far. There are so many picturesque opportunities to make you smile including all of the plants, flowers, palm trees, and ponds.  This is a good place for a nice date, a girl's day, or a place for you to take your mom or grandma.  Either way, most will enjoy this setting especially if you are a nature lover.  From looking at their site, I also see they have yoga events. It is definitely a place to find serenity and happiness.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,9/27/2012,68,202,5,4,2>My boyfriend and I spent an exhausting morning trying to find a place to live in downtown St. Pete. When we both got hangry (hungry + angry), we decided going anywhere else besides a restaurant would get ugly fast. Putting the apartment search on hold, we engaged in a series of "Where should we eat?" "I don't care." "There?" "I DON'T CARE!" we finally settled on Fresco's because we found parking nearby and the large outdoor patio with waterfront views looked peaceful. We were pleased to see we could still order of the weekend brunch menu. I got the BBQ Shrimp Wrap and my boyfriend ordered the bananas foster french toast. I really liked both, and I don't think it's because I was ravenous. Oh, we also ordered the spring rolls which were awesome - little fried rolls of cheese-y, vegetable-y, chicken-y goodness. Between the quality of the food and the breathtaking views, I'll definitely be back to Fresco's.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,9/26/2012,29,82,1,12,3>We've boarded our dog Kasey here many times.  As much as she hates being boarded, we always felt good leaving her here.I love love love that there is staff on hand 24/7.  A lot of kennels lock up and shut down for the evening and that always makes me nervous.  What if something happens after hours?We were on vacation once when we got a call from Noah's on Super Bowl Sunday to let us know that Kasey was acting strangely and they were monitoring her.  Turns out she had a really painful vertebrae issue that flared up and needed treatment.She got help that evening, right away, from the vet.  On Sunday.  At 8pm. During the Super Bowl.I can't tell you how much that meant to us, to know that rather than sitting in pain for the next several hours- or worse, going unnoticed- they noticed and treated her right away.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/25/2012,70,189,3,7,4>This is bar none the best wine bar in town.  The have many to choose from and with your pre-paid Taps card you can enjoy 1 oz, 3 oz and 5 oz pours of whatever you choose on the walls.They also have a great selection of beers.This is a great spot for my husband and I because it's the best of both worlds.We enjoy the atmosphere, although there are mostly residents of Skypoint there, we've never had a bad time, with groups or just the 2 of us.We like the convenience of it downtown and we usually have no problem finding parking on the street.Best of all, they are open late so if we want to stop by after a party or after a game at the Forum or just for a drink, they always seem to be open for us.We enjoy this spot and don't get there often enough.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,10/31/2014,14,47,3,7,4>We tried these cupcakes at a birthday party, absolutely loved them, wanted to try other flavors. The web showed an array of flavors, seriously, 90 and more, unbelievable!! So far we've tried only 7 flavors, still long way to go! Would love to try as many as possible, so definitely coming back. The favs for now are: birthday cake, chocolate chocolate, butter popcorn, white chocolate and raspberry. Also tried orange creamsicle, vanilla, s'mores, all are good too, just not as much. The cupcakes really are scrumptious, moist and flavorful, and just enough icing. 4 stars for the size - too small for me!!! 1.25$ per cupcake, I'd love to see a little more of it! Also, to my taste, the flavors didn't match the title on some of the cupcakes. The bakery is pretty nice, clean and cozy, staff is very friendly and helpful. I love that they make new flavors every day, doesn't get fresher that that!! Their website is great, has a lot of wonderful information and details on how to order for parties. They also have a Facebook page, like them, you'd get instant updates on new flavors and more!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,10/30/2014,81,100,3,6,3>Well 5 stars just seemed damned appropriate. First like most places I enjoy, you sit outside, with a nice view, 1 star!   The place is amazing bars and tables everywhere.  All with that precious view, another star.   Then the service, they couldn't be more attentive without sitting with you to eat and drink.  Not pushy, just making sure you are happy, another star.  The food is killer, yes that's a good thing!  FRESH!   Had bisque, mango salsa, grouper nuggets, and crab cake.  All were awesome!  Price is right, quality was great, portions were good, add 2 stars!  If you don't come here I'm ok with that then I'll be able to find a table and parking spot.   Oh and did I mention the boat parking, marina, boat rentals, fresh fish market, and tackle shop!!!![edit Sept 3, 2014]So, I keep going back, and I keep having the SAME experience, great staff: very friendly, very helpful, great seat, great beer, great food.  The last time I brought a party, birthday party that is, and everything was awesome.  I had the peel and eat shrimp, fish sandwich and some other appetizers, it was all great.  Server was great and even brought us some birthday treats for desert.  I don't know what to say to those that had a bad experience here, but I think you need to go back again.   If you don't, I'm ok with that, means I get a table quicker.  :)Fixing the world one slap at a time.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,10/29/2014,34,143,1,8,4>Frank's Pizza & Restaurant is sort of hidden off Keene Rd. on Virginia St., in Dunedin. We are always looking for some good Italian food. I was happy to see that they have a lot of booths to choose from and that's a good thing.  The big picture windows give the whole place a nice uplifting feel.  We were there for pizza and pizza we got.  They have an extensive menu of all sorts of Italian dishes, though.  We ordered the Frank's Combo Pizza which has pepperoni, sausage, bell peppers, sliced meatballs, onions and freshly sauteed mushrooms.  We ordered the largest size, not knowing if there would be enough goodies on the pizza and OMG, it was loaded with toppings(see pics).  The crust was tasty, thin and crispy and it held up nicely with the weight of all of the toppings.  It did not sag when the slices were raised to mouth.  The cheese and sauce had a wonderful flavor, too.  The whole atmosphere was friendly and relaxed.  The owners inquired about how we enjoyed our food.  We were pleasantly surprised as to how delicious their pizza was and what a great experience we had.  We are anxious to work our way through the menu. Please, stop by Frank's, you can't go wrong! (Also, see this review on Franks Pizza - Moved on Yelp)
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,10/28/2014,72,220,5,6,5>La Terasita is a long standing family favorite - even with family that doesn't live in Tampa.  I discovered this one pretty early on after moving here in 2007 and tend to visit every few months.  During those years, I've taken lots of family and friends and I have yet to have a dissatisfied guest!  I usually visit the main dining room, which is no-frills but always clean and comfortable.  I am surprised to see the reviews here discussing poor service, because I can't think of a single time the service has been anything less than good.  Of course, I don't care for hovering waiters so if my drink stays full and I can find someone when I want them, it's good enough for me.I find the food to be the best Cuban in Tampa for the price and convenience, but as I've mentioned before - I don't eat pork, so my love is ALL for the ropa vieja, picadillo and bistec de palomilla (in an mouth-watering citrusy marinade).  I've always been pleased with their yucca, plantains and rice and beans.  Hubby is becoming a fan of their lechon asado and is always thrilled to get his pork on since I don't cook it at home.Always a good deal pricewise, perhaps my favorite thing about La Terasita is their outstand cheese flan.  What is cheese flan you ask?  It's what happens when a flan and a cheesecake put on the Barry White and make sweet, creamy, custardy love all night long.  Okay, so maybe that's not how they make it - but it is insanely good.  Every time we go it's a huge debate if we need 1 to share or if we each need our own.  Giving the other the last bite of cheese flan can win one spouse forgiveness for most anything.  The only drawback is that they are sometimes out.  Flan takes time and I joked with the cashier on a recent visit that we were bummed about there being no cheese flan, but that I understood that they had a set number of servings and when it was gone, that was it until someone's abuela came in and made more.  The young man gave a shy smile and said "Yeah, that's my abuela that makes the flan".  He seemed tickled at our utter devotion and I was not at all surprised to learn that it was literally made by someone's Grandma.  It tastes like a recipe perfected by generations and passed down like a sacred relic.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,10/27/2014,69,88,1,6,5>4 stars for friendly service, quick food, nice interior and nice flavors.I ordered tha LA V soup. It had beef, these clear noodles, herbs, nicely flavored broth and some mysterious clear substance pieces (bone maybe).  This was my first time eating at a vietmanese restaurant so I had no idea what to expect. I wanted something light, so soup seemed like a good option.The inside was very nice and modern. Red and black chic decor. The servers were very attentive and the food seems to come out almost as soon as you order it. The food is very light. Nothing on the menu seems heavy.The soup was big, but the only thing is that you have to eat a lot of it with chop sticks or a fork. After I ate the solid portions of the soup, I sipped on some of the broth,  but didnt drink it all. It was a lot. Overall I enjoyed my experience here.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,10/26/2014,75,240,3,4,3>When I first moved to Wesley Chapel, I went exploring and stumbled up this place. The outside looks like a big red barn (with farm animals painted on) and you can smell the smoke if you have your windows open. It's really just unfooled around with simple BBQ. Everything I've had is great. I love the chicken, pork, and ribs. The sides are decent. Almost everything comes with garlic bread or a corn muffin and the desserts are pretty good as well. Beer snobs beware! Lots of Budweiser... However, watery beer sometimes is the best with BBQ to wash it all down. The sauces are very good. I love the mustard, vinegar, sweet and hot. All delish. Kids go nuts for this place too. I really like that they have 'meal deals'. It's basically a scaled down catering order for 2+ people. Makes things super easy. Enjoy!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/25/2014,95,126,6,7,4>Years ago I used USF to get a top notch master's degree in my field of choice. The master's program offered relatively small class sizes, online options and was very competitive in the job market upon graduation. More recently USF was the place to go for Friday night soccer pick up games. Here we could form teams with anywhere from 4 to 12 and play for a couple hours on any number of fields that are located around the campus. Now USF is simply a place for me to go drop off my recycling. There is a twenty four hour recycling drop off station located near the new soccer stadium and baseball/softball complex. The beauty of this drop off site is that the cardboard is really the only thing that could be separated out (there are a number of cardboard only bins). All plastics, cans, mixed paper and even cardboard can just be dumped into one of the three huge mixed bins. That's it. Nothing else required on your part. That's about as easy as it gets. There are some smaller bins which accept some slightly less normal recyclables but since I only deal in normal, I'm not sure exactly what goes in those bins. Anyway, if you live in an apartment in the Tampa area that doesn't recycle and you aren't quite sure how to cut down on your landfill footprint, I suggest loading up your car and driving them to USF.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,10/24/2014,363,244,4,6,4>Tried this place recently on account of a flyer in the mail. Once I called n placed my order I had a good feeling about this place, the guy who answered had an Italian accent like what I'm accustomed to back home. Ordered my usual ( Sicilian str8 up ) and opted to have it delivered which unfortunately took over an hour. However once I received my box of delicious looking eye candy the angst of waiting evaporated.  Good crust light  well balanced sauce with low acidity ( aka low agada occurrence)  and a generous slathering of creamy moozaell with a touch of goodness that unfortunately only us Italians can provide.  I was very impressed and elated to find another pizzeria that serves the pizza I grew up back on LI.  Angelo and his staff very friendly and will treat you like famiglia.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,10/23/2014,39,215,4,6,4>If you're a craft beer lover, go here now. This is a store for craft beer home brewers and drinkers alike. They have everything you need for brewing (ingredients and equipment) as well as a bar to sample their beers. There is a beer garden in the back that they just made over with landscaping work. You can get growler fills and single beers for a reasonable price. The owners are very friendly and knowledgeable. They hold beer classes and are willing to talk to you about your own home brewing questions. This is a staple for craft beer in Tampa. Don't miss out on it!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,10/22/2014,167,342,4,6,5>This is a beautiful trail for road cyclists, joggers and dog walkers alike (oh and skaters, hi Karen F!). I only started using this trail once I got a bike, and now I'm here as often as possible.As previous yelpers mentioned, the trail is paved, wide and passable, often shaded and lined with some cool views. There are water stations every few miles with ice cold coolers and disposable cups - probably not the most eco-friendly option, but still nice when you have a dog or don't want to drink from a fountain. The areas also seem pretty safe to run alone since there are plenty of people out exercising at all times of the day.My favorite parts of the trail include the landfill/hills north of Linebaugh Ave. and the picturesque bridge directly south of there. As you keep going south, there are a few small elevation changes that keep things interesting. My only wish is that the trail was longer! I think the total mileage one way is about 7.25 miles, which goes by quickly on a bike!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,10/10/2013,238,551,3,8,4>Came in for a Dim Sum UYE with a bunch of other Yelp peeps.  I never even knew this place existed.  Boy oh boy am I glad I do now.  I live in Seminole Heights, so this place really isn't that far from me and it was soooo good.I can't even really talk about the individual items that we ordered because there was seriously SO. MUCH.  FOOD.  I liked most everything at the table.  The fried pork was so good.  The greens were fresh and tasty.  The fried eggplant was excellent (that was my pick as I am an eggplant freak).The wait staff promptly refilled our waters as all of the salty Dim Sum was making us parched.  Yep - can't wait to come back for dinner!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,10/9/2013,116,159,11,3,4>Screw Disney World and that little mouse - Candy Kitchen really is the happiest place on earth.There is absolutely no logical reason for anyone not to love candy and ice cream. Lord knows I shouldn't ever birth a child because he/she will surely be the fattest (and happiest) person there ever was.- When you're sad, eat candy- When you're happy, eat candy- When you're hungry, eat candy- When you're not hungry, eat candy- And when your friends convince you for a beach day at a plot of sand that is literally hotter than hell, eat ice creamThis place is strategically placed on Gulf Blvd. exactly for people such as myself who are probably on the verge of a heat exhaustion death and are looking for their last supper. This place has every candy imaginable - there's even black licorice for the old farts. Gross.*A junior scoop is still obnoxious. Get any size in a cone and you'll have too much ice cream.*And don't you dare buy any Super Rope candy - They. Are. Mine!!!!!!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,10/7/2013,42,93,1,3,1>Most of reviews on here are correct!  I like that the food is replaced or added quickly so it's fresh and hot.  Went there tonight around 7pm, it was $12.99 which to me is very reasonable.  The staff are friendly and helpful when asked for something.  Things I find great!:Crab legsFresh OystersSashimi + SushiPeel 'n' Eat shrimpsFried chicken wingsOctopus saladHot & Sour soupIce creamThings I find okay... :Majority of entree dishes, mostly are Chinese and I find it very bland or overly sweetened, such as their hibachi chicken and their pork ribs.  I'm sure if you're used to non-authentic Chinese you'd probably find it tasty!and fried rice :(But I will be back for more seafood and sushi!  Very fresh for a buffet place.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,10/6/2013,288,121,1,4,4>Can I just start by saying how proud I am of Carrollwood? Our not-so-little neighborhood has been booming lately with the introduction of so many fabulous restaurants/new businesses. It's as if all these South Tampa originals finally figured out that they're missing a huge market up here and are finally making their way north (so we no longer have to go south if we want something "trendy").I've drooled over Gigi's cupcakes on Facebook for years, but can't honestly say I've ever made a trip to their South Tampa location to try one. When I saw they were building a sister store in Carrollwood, I screamed! I waited patiently for months for them to open, then waited a little longer for the perfect cupcake worth celebration. Yesterday my new husband and I celebrated our one month anniversary, what better way to celebrate than with a cupcake! I originally went in for a red velvet cupcake, in honor of our red velvet wedding cake, but all the beautiful cupcakes and exotic flavors had me walking out with both a "milk and cookies" and red velvet cupcake. Honestly, they all looked so good it was hard to decide. I would love to go back in the future and try the peanut butter fluff or strawberry lemonade - those looked delicious as well. The cupcakes are definitely top heavy with more icing than there is cake, so If you like icing - this place is where you want to be. The icing was thick and rich, but also not over-the-top sweet. It was the perfect balance creamy and sweet. The actual cupcake was really moist. Personally, I preferred the "milk and cookies" cupcake to the red velvet. It's always hard to nail a classic in my opinion (I mean, no one will ever live up to my grandmother's red velvet cake), but they did a great job with their creative cookie cupcake. The only reason I'm giving them a 4 instead of a 5 is because I'm more of a cake person than icing. I thought there was just too much icing and not enough cake. Otherwise, everything was delicious and I can't wait to return and work my way through their cupcake case, sampling one flavor at a time.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,10/5/2013,68,202,,3,2>Having returned to Cantina on a couple different occasions, it's quickly moved up my "Favorite Spots in DTSP" list, especially because of the large outdoor patio and bar. Once I tried a few other dishes on the menu, I found what I liked most, and it's apparently not the tacos (while delicious, Cantina offers many other items that far surpass them). My favorites are the pulled pork enchiladas, any of the quesadillas, and the mahi mahi ceviche.  I love Cantina's guacamole, especially because the serving size is decent, unlike some other Mexican restaurants I've been to that charge $7 for tablespoons of guac. This place serves up an excellent brunch, with innovative Mexican-inspired dishes and $3 mimosas.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/4/2013,50,109,2,3,2>This place is so cool!!!!  It used to be an old general store back in the late 1800's and over the years has stood the test of time and construction and Tampa growth to become a very small, quaint and awesome bar and pizza place in Tampa.  If you blink you might miss it!  Located on Central ave.  A buddy and I walked here from his place.  The selection of beer here is amazing.  They have several things on draught, one of which was 9.3%...whoa!!!  They also have a wide variety of craft beers in bottles consumption as well as a "build your own six pack" to take home...unopened of course!  The pizza here is rocking!  We got the meat-lovers, the actual name I forgot, but it's the first one on the menu and it has bacon on it..so I was sold.  It was fresh, hot, not overly greasy and delicious.  The crust was the best part, so light and crispy in all the right places.  They offer a nice outside seating area, that probably could use a little more light.  The bar server was very friendly and personable.  She knew a lot about the beers and gave great suggestions to other patrons.  This is a cool little hang out place.  You definitely don't want to miss it!!  Nom nom nom!!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/3/2013,61,133,2,4,3>I have been to almost every sushi restaurant in the area looking for great sushi & this is the best so far. Only 4 stars because of the hostess. When we got there they were slammed. We asked for a table she said okay it would be a few minutes they needed to clean a table. Then she suggested the sushi bar my boyfriend agreed. After less then 4 minutes I asked for the table. Her response "sorry they are all reserved, you place at the bar is now ready." I am fine with sitting at the bar but after ready some of the other reviews I'm thinking the staff needs some customer service training. EXCEPTION: the sushi rollers were freaking awesome & funny. Will be going back. The sushi itself was fantastic as were the apps.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,10/2/2013,114,82,2,3,3>When you combine personal customer service and expert wine knowledge you just cannot go wrong.  The Ybor City Wine Bar is celebrating 6 months this summer and they will make it 60 more years aat this rate.  Fantastic selection of wines from around the world.  We did an event here for our alum group and Annette could not have been any more accommodating.  This place offers wine and beer flights and reasonable bottle prices as well.  There is a small tapas type menu that accomdate the wines nicely.  Beautifully decorated and in a prime location right at the steps of Centro Ybor on 7th, definitely check this place out!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,10/1/2013,104,217,1,7,5>This place was a lifesaver for me!  I hate getting dressed up but found myself in a situation where I needed a nice suit.  I put off buying one for too long because I was dreading the whole process, not to mention not wanting to spend a lot of cash on something I'll rarely use.  That was a huge mistake because buying a suit was way more complicated than I ever imagined.  I apparently have measurements that aren't common because trying to find something that fit me was a nightmare.  Macy's and Joseph Banks didn't have anything that would fit me.  The salesman at Joseph Banks had me try on pants that were laughably too big for me.  Nordstrom Rack had a jacket and pants that I thought were "ok" (not a feeling you want for something expensive), but they needed to be modified to fit me and their only tailor was out for an unspecified amount of time due to a family emergency.  I was beginning to panic because I was rapidly running out of time.  After some frantic Google searches about where to buy a suit I saw a suggestion about renting a suit.  I knew renting tuxedos is common but I didn't know that you could rent a suit as well.  I was skeptical when I saw the website for Frank's Formal Wear because it looks like it's from 1995 and the place had no Yelp reviews, but I decided to give them a chance and I'm glad that I did!  When I arrived and told Frank what I was looking for I was very surprised that he didn't take any of my measurements.  He just looked at me for a second and said he would go see what he had in stock.  A few minutes later he returned with a handful of clothes.  He handed me a slick looking black jacket which I loved and fit me perfectly.  With that out of the way I next tried on the pants he handed me.  They also fit perfectly.  Are you kidding me?  When I expressed bewilderment that he not only had my size but had found exactly what I wanted without measuring me he said, "That is the benefit of going to a master tailor!"  I certainly agree with him!  He also had a white shirt, which of course fit me perfectly.  He picked out a very nice tie as well.For a while I thought I was going to have to attend my event looking like a disheveled mess.  Instead I felt like a million bucks in an awesome suit thanks to Frank's Formal Wear.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,9/30/2013,112,359,,4,3>Eddie V's just opened in Tampa near International Plaza and I was definitely impressed.  They bill themselves as a seafood restaurant, but their steak offerings are really quite good and should not be overlooked.  Everything inside is brand new and they have live jazz every night.  For a Thursday around 8, the place was packed.  The closest place to compare it to in the area would be Ocean Prime, but with more of a modern flair with lower lighting - think N9NE steakhouse.The menu was also a bit more creative than your typical high-end steak and seafood joint - they embraced some Asian and Mexican influences which made a number of traditional dishes a lot more interesting.  The wine list was impressive and the barkeeps could make great martinis.Will definitely be back.PS - they offer complimentary valet.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,4/16/2012,236,111,15,16,6>Love me some Lucky Dill.First, let me start by saying, the old location is officially CLOSED...so if you are driving down Alt. 19 right now, stop...turn around and head BACK up to US 19 to their new address at 33180 U.S. Hwy. 19 N. in Palm Harbor.Second, if you go to their website at luckydilldeli.com and sign up for their mailing list, you will get a $5.00 discount coupon for their new opening during December only (so those of you who are reading this in January, too bad, so sad.  You missed the discount.  Keep up, will you?)The new location is fabulous with the addition of their "Brooklyn Bakery" bakery area.  They always had fantastic pastries, cookies, etc., and now they have a separate area for show casing the fabulosity.  I love it.The theme? Solid New York.  From their autographed Giants helmets and various New York sports memorabilia, to the subway hangers in the lobby, to the authentic benches from the old Shea stadium, to the New York street signs...it is like visiting "home" for me.  Any native New Yorker would appreciate the touches.  I brought my party of 11 there the other night, two of those being my parents who are native New Yorkers and still reside there.  My dad delighted in the touches of New York and all their "Brooklyn style" ambiance (minus the homeless people laying under the subway signs.)  Really lovely.  The new location has not changed their food at all.  The menu consists of all your regular "Jewish Deli" fare...chopped liver sandwiches, pastrami on rye, dill pickles, reubens, all the old time deli favorites.  And, they make a killer matzoh ball soup.  I nearly fell out of my chair when my mother remarked that the soup "reminds me of your grandmother's soup."My mother was...pleased?  This can't be possible.  The woman hates all things Florida.  HOW on earth did they manage to make her happy?The portions are large and plentiful.  The service was, as always, on the ball.  The reason I struck down a half star?  The wait.  There is ALWAYS a wait at this place, no matter what time the day or night.  Despite making a reservation, we still had to wait nearly a half hour to be seated.  Not normally a problem for my husband and myself...but when you are dining with two grumpy Jewish New York senior citizens and three small children, a half an hour wait is like a lifetime.The other half star smackdown?No wifi.  Nothing.  Seriously.  I could not even check into Yelp from there because there is ZERO service there.  Don't you iPhone snobs even start questioning my phone and service provider.  They are top notch. I receive service even in the middle of the desert on the way to Vegas, so don't even go there with me.  There is ONE hot spot outside the restaurant, at the back of the outdoor seating deck.  (Yes, I did walk the perimeter of the place trying to find a "bar" on my phone.  Diehard Yelpers do this sort of thing.  Commit to your art, I always say.)Okay, I don't always say that.  Actually, I've never said that before in my entire life.  I thought of it just now.  I kind of like it.  I think I will say it all the time.  Feel free to use it until I copyright it.  After that, you will have to send me a finders fee. They have a new area called "The New York City Bar" which was also, to my surprise, kind of hoppin'!  It's a good area away from the main dining area, so if you are with kids, you don't have to worry about a bunch of drunken fools interrupting your dinner.  Also, it is a great place to watch your sporting events with the addition of their half dozen large screen televisions, strategically placed all over the restaurant.  The ones in the dining area are on mute so it does not disturb diners.  The ones in the bar have the sound WAY up...but as I said, it is far enough away from the main area not to be disruptive.Anyway...The food was delicious and the desserts were impeccable.  The service, amazing as always.  If you are looking for a place to take your out of town relatives for some lunch and want to impress them a bit, the Lucky Dill definitely fits the bill.  The new location is much larger than the old place.  The decor is wonderful.  The menu is a bit larger now...they've expanded it to include some new things but I highly recommend sticking to the old favorites like their Cheese Blintzes, Potato Knish and Latkes combo (The Big City Sampler $8.99), their matzoh ball soup ($3.99 cup/$5.99 bowl), their soup and sandwich combos and their specialty sandwiches like "The Pelham Parkway" (Corned Beef, Pastrami, Oven Roasted Turkey and a schmear of Chopped Liver $12.99) and "The 2nd Ave Special" (Corned Beef and Pastrami with Chopped Liver $11.99).  The sandwiches are ENORMOUS.I defy you to leave without a doggie bag.See their full menu here:  luckydilldeli.com/images  The Lucky Dill.  Another addition to the "Estelle Approves!" list.  If it can make my finicky Jewish Mama happy...it will make you squeal with delight.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,4/15/2012,117,304,2,4,3>Let me start this review with a big hint: Despite all of the (many, MANY) warnings and signs about "NO OUTSIDE FOOD OR BEVERAGE ALLOWED", you can indeed bring in your own food. They do not search bags here. I posted on the zoo's Facebook wall asking about clarification on the policy, and the rep said "small snacks, water, or items for those with diet restrictions" were OK, then they deleted the post from the wall minutes later - so as not to encourage people. Use the rule "no coolers" and you'll be fine.We brought in a full lunch - sandwiches, fruit, drinks, water, snacks - and even ate it at one of the outdoor restaurant tables inside. All of the meal was in my backpack, with a few frozen waterbottles in with it to keep things chilled. We did buy ice cream in the zoo, as well as souvenirs. An incredible zoo, and so much more! If you have kids, this is probably the best zoo I have ever seen for families (and I've been to many). The rollercoaster, carousel and other rides are a nice added twist to the usual formula. Even without kids, this is a great zoo...very well done with a lot of little Disney-esque design touches. You can feed the giraffes for a reasonable 3 dollars too.We arrived right around when it opened and the zoo was very empty for the first few hours (nice). For parking and zoo access I highly recommend an early arrival.The "safari tour" (in a tram, and free) is great, highly recommended and very fun. It takes you right through some of the African habitats!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,4/13/2012,2378,688,5,10,8>Kaiko Sushi and Ocean Blue Sushi merged together earlier this year. The son of Kaiko Sushi pioneered the new restaurant and each time I have visited has been a good experience. My friends normally come in large packs to late-night spots (think maybe 20 or more people) and Ocean Blue Sushi handles the crowd pretty well. All the bartenders are friendly and bring your drinks quick. The service is good and if the servers make any mistakes, they are quick to fix it. There aren't many late-night sushi spots in Clearwater (or Tampa Bay in general), but Ocean Blue Sushi offers this to customers, with occasional DJs and karaoke nights making it a cool place to be at night. They offer a 1/2 off sushi and drinks menu after 10PM that has quite a few sushi rolls for $3/$4. They also have 1/2 draft beer, wells, house wine. In addition to shot specials, such $2 kamikaze shot, lemon drops and $3 sake bombs (delicious) and upside down cupcake shots.The sushi quality was pretty good, they don't serve you spoiled fish drenched in sauce like some other late-night sushi restaurants do. I really liked their appetizers (also half-off) with the crab rangoons being my favorite.The atmosphere inside is inviting with booths and tables on one side of the restaurant and large tables for groups and a dance floor/DJ booth on the other side. There is also patio seating as well. During big events the place occasionally gets slammed with lots of customers, but overall I think the experience they are offering deserves a shout-out.It's not too far from The Venue so not a bad place to hang out before heading to the club. Bring on more late-night sushi spots around Tampa Bay!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,4/12/2012,0,24,,1,1>We were in Tarpon for some shopping and saw that the Riverside Grill House Veranda had reopened so that's where we had a late lunch. We checked out the menu before we went shopping and found a few things we thought we'd like. We got back about 1:30 or 2:00 and the place was somewhat busy. Joe was our waiter and he was great.The bar service was normal, but I paid $5.00 for imported beer, first time for that.We just had fish and chips, but it were very good. Our food was hot and the portions were ample. While we were dining the Manager stopped by to see if there was anything we needed. I didn't get his name, but I did get the feeling we were very welcome. Our bill for lunch  was $41.00. Great food, great view, nice place for a sun set dinner or just drinks. they have piped in music that was pleasant in the background not loud at all. A very pleasant afternoon, accept for the shopping.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,4/11/2012,0,44,,3,2>Last night four of us enjoyed a wonderful evening at Toasted Pheasant.  The service was very friendly, yet professional.  We have eaten at this establishment many times before and always really enjoyed it.The food was really delicious.  We all started with French Onion Soup.  It was done very traditional with the crock covered with cheese.  It was perfect.We each ordered different entrees.  An English guest of mine raved about the Fish and Chips.  She said that it was the best that she had in the US since leaving England more than forty years ago.Even the coffee service done in individual French Presses was wonderful.The restaurant has a very nice atmosphere and is not at all noisey.This was once again a great dining experienc.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,4/10/2012,112,359,2,12,4>Went on a Friday night and I was pleasantly surprised.  Living half-way between Tampa and downtown St. Pete, I have almost exclusively gone to Tampa for late night fun.  But I had heard good things about downtown St. Pete and decided to give it a try.  First thing is that guys with a military ID get in free.  I appreciate the gesture and would go back because of that kind of attitude.  Next, the drinks were very reasonably priced.  The bartenders were quick and getting their attention did not require a public service announcement like it does at a lot of places.  I enjoyed the different areas - indoor dance floor on the second floor with a large bar out on the balcony, along with a large rooftop bar and dance floor with great views.  The way the speakers were set up meant you could dance and then go off and actually talk to someone without using sign language, a definite plus in my book.The crowd was mixed which offered great people watching, but isn't that why you are going out in the first place, to meet new people and have a good time?
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,4/9/2012,57,66,,6,1>The first thing you see when you walk in the door to The Stone Soup Company is an autographed photo of the Soup Nazi. Now you know it's the real deal. Fortunately, the staff is much friendlier and no one was banned for any ordering mishaps.This is such a great little restaurant in the heart of Ybor; their soups and sandwiches are all unique and their own. The soups are made from scratch and for every cup of soup sold, another is donated to the homeless. What a great incentive to chow down on some Lobsta Chowda! I had the 3 Cheese Broccoli Please and it was wonderful. As a twist to the usual broccoli and cheese soup, this one was loaded with carrots and other veggies. The grilled cheese was also really good and, true to their style, different from your run-of-the-mill childhood classic. It comes on Cuban bread and is topped with garlic, fresh spinach, and tomatoes. They also have drink specials including $3 White Russians (made with a scoop of their homemade vanilla ice cream) and margaritas. They have live music and they're getting ready to start having wine tastings, mixers, and ethnic food nights.I loved the soup and the overall casual atmosphere. I'll definitely stop in for a cup of soup the next time I'm in the area.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,4/8/2012,203,229,2,6,2>This is my second visit to Bern's but by no means will it be my last. The second visit was equally as fun if not more calming because I felt more knowledgeable about what to expect. We went on a Tuesday night to celebrate a birthday and noticed that the crowd was less stuffy. I even saw a few people in jeans and a button down which I thought was odd.We valet parked our car for $5.00 not including gratuities (huge sign, you can't miss it).  I made reservations a week prior even though it was on a week day, you can't be too careful with popular places. We were quickly seated in a well-lit room. I notice that the lighting this time around was much brighter than two years ago when the lights were dim and photos were very hard to take without blinding people with flash. I wonder if this lighting change is because  we went on a week day or a general practice now. Nothing like visiting for my third time for "research."I started off the night a with a nice sweet glass of Riesling White Wine that the waiter recommended. My brother and I both got the Special Chateaubriand (I got the 7 oz and he got the 9 oz). My boyfriend got the 10 oz Delmonico. All entrees come with their French Onion Soup and Toast, Salad (from their organic farm) with choice of dressing, Sauteed Vegetables, Thin Onion Rings and a Baked Potato. The soup was delicious albeit a small portion. The cheese was perfectly melted on top of the soup. The toast was a little dry for my taste but my brother loved it. The waiter described the toast as garlic toast and some high fiber bread. The salad dressing came on the side with a small gravy boat. The options seemed endless like Ranch, Blue Cheese, Cleopatra (Caesar), different vinaigrettes. I enjoyed my Citrus Vinaigrette. There was a variety of vegetables on my plate and I enjoyed every bite. Picky eaters might opt to pick an a-la-carte salad instead or ask the waiter exactly what is going on the salad. Off the top of my head there were lettuce, red peppers, tomatoes, cucumbers, eggs, avocado, sprouts, an olive, cheese, and carrots.The main course came and I could not finish it! I made sure to finish everything except for the potato. The meat was perfectly cooked (we all asked for medium). The sides were sliced sauteed zucchini squash, shredded carrots, thinly fried onion rings and a large baked potato (toppings included sour cream, butter, chives and bacon bits).After dinner, our waiter went to schedule our tour of the kitchen and wine cellar followed by dessert in the Harry Waugh Dessert Room. We had to take care of the bill in the Main Dining Room before heading to our tour. They added an automatic 12% gratuity to it and my bf didn't catch it before he left his tip. He left it the way it was since it was already written out but be sure to look at your bill next time. Overall, it was a perfectly affordable for the three of us considering if this restaurant was located in NYC, it would be double the price.The tour was fun and informative. Our guides were very knowledgeable and friendly. My brother was most impressed with the Dessert Room when we were sitting in our individual wine cask and listening to music of our choosing. He ordered the Strawberry Shortcake. I ordered the Chocolate Peanut Butter Truffle (apparently featured on Food Network's - Best Thing I Ever Ate). My boyfriend opted for a dessert coffee - The Minted Chocolate Coffee - for his dessert. The waitress warned me that my dessert was super rich but that just encouraged me more to order it. She was right (of course), I couldn't finish it but I did enjoy it. Overall, I had a lot of fun and I hope to go back there soon.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,4/7/2012,103,779,,1,1>This place is great!!  I have heard all the rave about this place and I finally had a chance to try it!As soon as I stepped inside, I was fascinated with all the sweets, gelato and cheese products they sell near the entrance.  I love their news paper menu too...brings the atomasphere of a cafe.  I ordered fried chicken and cheese waffle...the chicken was very tender and crispy!  The waffle was a little cheewy and tough for me...I like fluffy better for waffles.  I was def. not crazy about the pink peppercorn sauce.  I just asked for a regular maple syrup.  My husband ordered guacamole turkey sandwich.  It was gigantic!  He was crazy about the chips with blue cheese on top!  Even tho it is made of blue cheese, it is very mild and you can never guess!  Now the high point for me was the desserts!!  The gelatos are just great!  We ordered the banana and the special of the day hazelnut.  We enjoyed every single bite :)I ordered a vanilla cupcake to go, which was $4 a piece.  It was really good...sweet but not too sweet.  Initially I wanted macrons, however they were all out except earl grey...oh well next time!Negatives: Lack of parking ( I went there almost 2 oclock on Monday) and a little too high price.I will be back Datz!!!*Featured on "Food Paradise" Travel Channel
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,4/6/2012,88,289,2,4,2>I decided to eat here with my parents last night. The drive thru was almost out to Dale Mabry, so we decided to go inside and eat. It looked busy inside, but the workers/kitchen are out front, so that was actually workers working P-D-Q...if you know what I mean.Don't be alarmed by the smoke/mist out front. Those are misters and the place isn't on fire.The inside is freshly decorated and looks like Chick-Fil-A and Crispers met and said hey...let's put some flat screen tv's up there in the corners & TWO of those Coca-Cola Freestyle machines. They even have a nice hand washing station in the back for everyone to use. Yardley lavender soap is a telltale sign this place has Outback roots.They do sell CHEERWINE by the bottle & by the case. No need to drive to NC.The restaurant is an open concept and that can make it loud during busy times. It's going to be a great staple of the whole south dale scene. Just the juveniles from Plant HS should be able to keep this place up and running!I again had the chicken sandwich and it was excellent. They do offer a grilled turkey sandwich (Thanksgiving in your hand) and I'm looking forward to trying that in the future.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,10/26/2012,200,161,3,9,4>Way back in once up a time time, I would ride with my grandmother to a little nutritional shop around the corner called Nature's Harvest. She loved shopping for fresh produce, vitamins and other hard to find health items here. The strongest memories I have of going here as a kid are the smells. The entire store smelled like the inside of a vitamin C bottle. Now, of course, that's not always a bad smell if you're a health nut, but as a kid, it wasn't always the most inviting of scents!Nature's Harvest has evolved quite a bit since then. Over the years we've seen a name change, expansions, and more offerings than ever before. Rollin' Oats, as we all know it as now, is definitely the hidden Tampa gem in a world of farmer's markets, chain "organic" stores, and local delis. There's a great emphasis on providing locally produced groceries, items and baked goods. Customer service is prime with visible, knowledgeable staff in almost every aisle. The produce section has hard to find items and a classroom attached- where a variety of nutrition classes and demos are offered periodically throughout the year. There is a HUGE beer and wine section (with not so huge prices), a bakery with the MOST amazing jam dot cookies, muffins, vegan cakes and pies, and a recently updated cold and hot deli with daily specials (try their cauliflower, mac and cheese, vegan pot pie and weekend pizzas- YUM). You'll find a very roomy, multi-table sitting area if you'd like to stay for lunch and enjoy anything from the hot foods area, or a wrap and a cup of soup with some juice or a smoothie from their juice bar.With all that cooking going on day in and day out, let's just say the aromas you catch a whiff of upon entering won't remind you of something out of a bottle.In addition to all of this you will find a vast selection of frozen foods, snacks, spices, groceries, dry goods, pet products, cleaning and beauty supplies and just about any type of vitamin or supplement you could possibly need. It really is a one-stop shop.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,10/23/2012,169,189,4,7,5>I was at home one sunday with my man.and we decided to go get our cars washed and then he took me and my sister to get a nice relaxing pedi. Tiffany's is located inside of the Westshore mall as soon as you walk in from the parking garage. It is a pretty small joint but they are in there hustling.As soon as we walked in the sat us down and got started. Now let me just say I had called before hand to see the prices and all they told me was that the spa pedi is $20. Okay now that is a lie somewhat. I know me being a full cosmetologist I could have did this myself but I wanted to get pappered. Sooo We get started and I like my feet smoother then a babys bottem so they asked me if I wanted the good foot scruber but an additional $10. I say okay and I was on my way. It was an overall good time with my sister and my feet came out how I like. All I do know though is there are places I have been to, I know back in Miami but they dont charge extra for what should already be included.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,10/22/2012,134,672,3,6,4>Positive comments by reviewers whose ratings I respect brought me here.   Very well pleased, even if some menu items were not available.  Test Puerto Rican dishes that we had included mofongo, alcapurrias, plantain "spiders" (that look like latkes)....all in a 3-way appetizer sampler, plus churasco steak  jibarito where fried green plantain slabs are used instead of bread to make a very savory sandwich.Prices were low, large menu, lots of island specialities, good service.....but the flavor of the dishes was the stellar aspect,  meriting a 4 star as top of the pack for PR restaurants.  Upon leaving we said we had seen lots of postitive reviews on Yelp. That elicited a blank look....then I said Sam told us to come...and that brought a big smile.   So much for brand recognition.  But to give due credit, I would not know Sam existed or what he likes if it were not for Yelp
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,10/21/2012,44,135,2,3,2>Oh the Napa Blue Taco....I could eat this over and over again. In fact, all of their California taco's are amazing. But who wants to pay $4-5 for a taco? That was my initial thought and then 2 things happened. 1) I ordered a few and they were like gourmet taco's...that's the best way I can describe them and I use the words "trust me" a lot when I convince friends to go with me. 2) I learned of $2 taco Tuesdays after 5pm. HEAVEN!Everyone who I've brought there, including my parents have raved about their taco's. Unfortunately, I can't bring myself to try some of the other things on the menu...but I know I should.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,10/20/2012,25,77,2,4,2>Bar Louie is sandwiched..almost hidden...in between Cheesecake Factory and the Blue Martini. I'd passed in many times without notice before last night's get together..but it was worth finding!The Bar expands Tardis style from the pedestrian avenue through Bay Street at International Plaza. There is no way you could estimate how HUGE this place is on the inside!  Normally, I'd say this is not my kind of place...it's basically a sports bar dominated by big screen tvs and since I have a TV and almost never use it to watch sports there's really no point for me....but the service was really good, the drinks my wife and I were served were really good - a Manhattan and a Margarita Fresca - and the hummus trio we ordered was really good!Bar Louie - really good.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,10/19/2012,182,477,2,5,2>If you like beer, head here! Knowledgeable and friendly staff, never intimidating. They will help you find your style of beer. It can be overwhelming if you're not a hop head, but they never make you feel inferior if you don't know. They will ask what you usually drink and find something that suits your pallet.Their food is very traditional German. I am a German and Irish girl and they make things that I know and love. Again, you may not know what is in Schnitzel Holstein (veal or pork cutlet with a fried egg on top), but they will explain away. All of my friends who are too intimidated get sandwiches, which are also extremely delicious. Anything with the garlic cream cheese spread is always on point.  I must recommend the pretzel with champagne walnut cheese as an appetizer. You will not be disappointed. On the weekends they also feature German specialties like Schweinhaxen (an enormous pork shank for 2) and Gulasch. Both worth a shot...trust me. You can select 2 different sides. I must sway you towards potato pancakes, but they potato salads are also fantastic. As a McNazi, I may be a shame to my heritage by not liking cabbage, but all of my friends absolutely die for it here (kraut, slaw, or red cabbage). All of their sausages are great as well. They give you an endless choice of mustards as condiments as well. I definitely love the sweet hot, but have tried the jalapeno, wasabi, deli, horseradish, cranberry, and spicy brown as well. I'm usually too full (due to beer) for dessert, but we came here for my birthday 2 years ago, and the apple strudel ala mode was great.Stop in and give it a shot...trust me, you'll be back (hey, he's Austrian, not German so it's not that tongue in cheek).
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,10/18/2012,125,98,2,5,2>I loved the vibe of this restaurant. It was bright and super clean, and had a nice modern feel to it. You order off of a touch screen, and it is super simple. I just wish that they would have had more information on the touch screen. I kept having to look up to the big menu to see what was in certain entrees, and it would have been easier to just have it right at my finger tips.The restaurant is tucked in the corner of a shopping center, so I hadn't seen it before.We pretty much just stumbled upon it when we were interested in dinner last night. I got the Pad Thai, and it was very good. It was a big portion, and I loved the taste. It wasn't super authentic, but was so good. The manager was extremely friendly. He made sure we didn't have questions or need any help. The other people working there could polish their customer service skills a bit. Overall, it was a very good experience. I will definitely be back!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,10/17/2012,50,157,6,6,4>Came for lunch and the place was definitely crowded.  The old guy recognized me immediately and offered me a warm smile, asked about me son, and welcomed me back.  (I do find it weird since I have been here like 5 -6 times since it opened and always spaced out my visits.). An old Viet lady cut in front me, like a typical rude fresh off the boat person, and whooped out her money before I got the chance to even realized her petite frame snuck in.  The old guy took my order and made her wait, which is very unlikely to happen in old school Vietnamese run establishments.  I give him an extra star for "going above the stereotype." LOLI ordered the bun bo Hue and the hubby ordered the broken rice special.  No wonder the place is crowd with Vietnamese people.  The broth was spicy and flavorful.  The only thing wrong with this dish was no huyet (blood cake), banana blossoms, and an extra side of stanky shrimp paste.  I did wish there was a little more noodles since there was so much meat.I tired a few bites if the broken rice plate.  The grilled pork was marinated very well.  The steamed egg omelette was good, but I don't think it had any fish in it.   I do have to return again for the other dishes. I wished I had tried it earlier.  You can never go wrong when there are that many Viet people eating there.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,10/16/2012,38,244,2,6,2>My family and I went to the aquarium on the 4th of July.  Admission was only $15 after 5pm, as opposed to the regular $21-$23 price.  They were also open until 9:30 so that you could see the Channelside fireworks from the patio outside.  At first I was a little disappointed.  The first exhibits weren't anything special...some flowers, plants, otters, an alligator that was hiding, and fish.  Then we went through the tank exhibits.  These were much more fun to look at!  There were very colorful fish, sting rays, super interesting jellyfish, a few sharks, and every size of seahorse you can imagine (we learned that the male seahorses carry the eggs!)  My husband and I then went through the boneless exhibit and touched three different types of star fish and some sea anemone. Very cool!  We didn't touch the sting rays, but if you want to, there is a tank of them to touch.  PLUS...outdoors there is a water playland for the kids to get wet.  Bring their swimsuits!We thought the price was a little steep, but if you can find a coupon or discount, it is definitely worth going.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,10/15/2012,38,85,3,3,3>mylittlegreek.comLittle GreekMy wife and I rode up here on a Saturday to have some lunch. I ordered a regular Greek salad with chicken, chopped. That's right chopped! For an extra $1.29 you can get the glorious swirls of flavors tantalizing your tongue without the need of a knife!  In my opinion, it is the ONLY way to enjoy this truly wonderful masterpiece. The vegetables are fresh and crisp. Lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, Greek olives, pepperoncini peppers, green peppers, potato salad, feta cheese and beets. Give it a bit of stirring to ensure you have feta and potato salad in every bite and you won't be sorry. My wife said these were the best beets she had had in a long time. The dressing is simply the best Greek dressing made. I think it is from a local Tarpon location since it is sold separately in a similarly shaped bottle but I am not sure. In any event it is a wonderful liquid that becomes the cohesion that makes every bit so good you will stuff yourself in order to finish it all. The Regular is large enough for two when accompanied by a bowl of Avgolemono or traditional Greek Lemon-Rice soup, add pepper to taste. The meal is served with a side plate of a warm pita, cut, and a dollop of tzatziki sauce. Adding a medium self serve beverage for a $16 total for two is not bad. I will come back time and time again and you will too...
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,4/1/2014,626,152,9,6,5>I hate Detroit, but apparently love their pizza.  I feel bad that they declared bankruptcy and overall it must suck to live there, but being from Cleveland, it feels good to at least not be the worst city in the states.  More so, being a Buckeye, we all know the whole state is the worst. But I have digressed.  Any and every form of pizza I love, if I had kids I imagine that's what it feels like- they are all so special in their own way.  I never had Detroit style until pizza squared, and an scared to try it anywhere else as I don't think it can hold up.The crust is thick with an amazing butteriness from the cheese permeating the fluffy deliciousness.  The cheese is the money shot of the pie.  It's Wisconsin cheddar from what I've told (I knew it couldn't be all Michigan and this good).  Normally I like a provolone mozzarella blend (Grandma owned a pizza shop growing up), but I'm game for about anything that works, but I never thought I would say cheddar on a pizza was good, but it is.  The sauce on top has a bit of a tang, and as there isn't a lot of it, it works out.  If you're a sauce lover, get an extra side as though it is good, as mentioned there isn't a lot.  The topping don't blow my skirt up, but definitely don't disappoint either.  The thin crust I could take or leave.For those of you that haven't had it Detroit style, here's the basics.  It is made as follows:  crust, cheese, toppings, sauce.  For those of you who like super crispy pepperoni, you may need make an exception, but it's something you need to try.I can sum everything up as such:  I could do without anything from Detroit, except this pizza.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,3/31/2014,72,220,2,8,4>First of all, a HUGE thank you to Carlos for arranging an Unofficial Yelp Event (UYE) here!  We didn't know this little gem was hiding in Pinellas Park but family activities take us over that way pretty often and this is a great nosh option. Nestled in a new mini-strip mall, the interior is nicely dimmed, with fun, funky décor and - while small - it lends a nice air of intimacy and quiet to the meal.  Very modern feel and a look that would not be out of place in the club district of Orlando which has lots of little foodie hot spots.  The menus are presented on iPads which may be the single most important sushi innovation EVER.  It was wonderful to be able to see a picture and read the description while choosing our rolls.  All sushi restaurants should do this!! Before we get into the food breakdown, I also want to the thank the owners and waitstaff for taking wonderful care of us both in the service we received and in very graciously offering us a discount on our bill for coming to check them out.The sushi itself was outstanding!  As is our habit, we ordered a mix of very simple rolls and more complex specialty options.  It gives a good sense of the talents and range of the chef as well as the quality of the product.  We started with a very basic roll - the Tekka Roll.  The Tekka is basic tuna roll and the fish was fresh and flavorful, nestled in perfectly cooked and seasoned rice in a neat seaweed wrapper - simple and simply perfect.  We sampled the Eel Roll which was well done but perhaps most remarkable for the high-quality of the eel sauce.  Sometimes eel sauce can be very unbalanced - strongly sweet and super thick - but Sushi Wave's sauce had a good balance of sweet and salt, not the consistency of spackle, and never covered up the taste of the eel.  This became vital as we sampled their Mexican Roll, which the menu described as topped with eel sauce.  I was concerned that the eel sauce could cover up the flavors of the shrimp and avocado but it was a perfect accent.  I think I still prefer spicy mayo as a condiment on Mexican rolls, but this was a surprising variation and quite good.  We also put in a "dessert" order of the Philadelphia roll and the Tampa roll.  The Philadelphia is the traditional smoked salmon and cream cheese (sometimes called Bagel roll).  The amount of cream cheese was perfect, as lesser restaurants sometimes put in more cream cheese than fish.  I was initially underwhelmed by the salmon, as it was a little soft and bland at first taste, but it had an intense smokey finish that was lovely.  The Tampa roll is a favorite of my husband - fried white fish, spicy mayo and scallion - and he was very pleased with the lightness of the batter on the fish and the balance of flavors.The White Dragon roll is visually stunning (see the multiple pics of this beauty) and more importantly - delicious!  Filled with a snow crab mix and veg, it is topped with seared white tuna and eel.  The crab salad mix was wonderful with just a hint of sweetness from the crab.  Unfortunately, I wasn't crazy about the tuna/eel combination.  The tuna was a little flat in flavor and while I loved smoked eel, here it just lent a discordant smokey note to a roll that had a more light, fresh, crisp flavor overall.  Our only disappointment was the Crunchy Salmon Roll.  The entire roll was lightly fried but then sliced very thin and plated in a thin ponzu sauce.  I loves me some ponzu but in this case, it made the roll soggy by the time it got to our table and with the very thin slicing, the satly citrus flavor of the ponzu totally overwhelmed the salmon.  Not a favorite and I don't think we would order it again.Great sushi, reasonable prices, and in an atmosphere that made an early Sunday supper feel like a Friday night date.  Thank you, Sushi Wave!! Y'all do good work!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,3/30/2014,156,155,,6,3>Do it, Do it, Do it!!Bacon ice cream, blueberry crumble, Nutter Butter...what?  I am paraphrasing the names of their ice cream, but you will see for yourself what I mean.The portions are small, so do not expect Cold Stone sizes...if you like ice-cream, just expect that you will need to spend $7 on a large.  The quality is very very good handcrafted ice cream.  Have you ever had really good quality anything that you have a little bit and you don't need more, because you feel satieted?  Well, that won't happen here, you will want to spend another $7 for more, because it is THAT good.One of the owners is nearly always behind the counter.  They have a super cool story and are believers in what they are doing.  Chat them up!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,3/29/2014,62,148,2,6,3>I've revisited Coffee EVI a couple times since the yelp event here (it's conveniently right next to my gym) and Joel and Yasemin are amazing people with amazing customer service and quality products. They make me a custom drink specialized to my diet every time and answer all my annoying questions about what is in what. And not to mention, their drinks are awesome as is their unique protein pancake. I also feel great putting my money into a local business and to such deserving people.One of these cheat days I've gotta go back and get me one of those turkish delights always winking at me from the display case...
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,3/28/2014,104,138,6,4,3>This hotel is the bomb.gov (That makes it official). I've stay at this Hilton in downtown St. Pete many times. Every time has always impressed me. The feel of the place is wonderful, the staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and I've always had just a pleasant experience. This past time however, I do want to mention one thing that really made me want to rave about the hotel. Once you have a room there, you can go up to the 15th floor and have a happy hour and there is also a free breakfast from 7-10. Now, we were a bit late getting up and I was sent to get my friends some danishes and coffee etc... I didn't realize it, but it was well after 10 and the staff made it their point to make sure I had everything I wanted even though I was after breakfast time. They didn't make me feel bad once, in fact it was the opposite. I appreciate service like this. Well done Hilton, well done.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,3/27/2014,105,180,1,7,4>Delightful, casual setting overlooking Central Avenue. Diminutive design but not cramped and both artful and attractive. Limited menu but still a nice selection of delicious dishes.Order from the counter and then select a seat at the counter, at one of the handful of sidewalk tables and chairs or venture to the back and enjoy eating in the covered dining area.The menu features a selection of Cuban sandwiches - including a vegetarian version - salads, plates filled with roasted mojo pork, grilled flatiron steak, coconut-marinated chicken or a mojo grilled tofu and a few desserts.Beverages include cafe con leche, locally made juices sourced from Florida fruit and fizzed up with filtered soda water plus a selection of beer and wine.This food is prepared to order so be prepared if there is a line or lots of orders ahead of you. But it is worth whatever wait there may be to sink your teeth into this tasty, Latin food that is well balanced with a lot of flavors and provided in quite satisfying quantities.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,3/26/2014,99,209,2,8,4>Not having really frequented local bike shops, I stopped in here via request from my wife.  The owner and his wife were extremely friendly and willing to give us any information we needed.  You see, I was in need of a new bike.  So I asked what she recommended for what I was looking for, (casual riding on paved trails and streets for exercise and leisure).I was directed to a comfort bike (similar to a hybrid mountain bike but with higher handlebars and comfort aspects such as front fork shocks and seat bump absorbers and with mountain bike size tires with hybrid tread).  After some great information I did research on the bike she recommended and what she advised were the right sizes and uses for the bike.  All of her information was right on.  A month later I came back loaded with knowledge of the particular bike she recommended, and having a bit more knowledge than I should, discovered some settings that were adjustable on the bike that the bike shop was not aware of, but I did not enlighten them.  I don't want to sound like a know it all.  Due to their ability to recommend the correct style and size bike for me and my intended use, I felt confident to purchase the bike from them.  My wife actually got the bike for my birthday.  I won't name the bike I purchased as I am not being paid for advertisements, but its a quality name brand bike with a long rich history.  Of note, and laughable, almost all quality bikes known from years past, are now made in China....isn't everything?Jim's Bike Shop offers free 30 day tune ups after purchase, (which I think the bike manufacturer requires to be able to sell their bikes) and 10% or 15 % (I can't remember) off accessories for 30 days after bike purchase.  Also, discounted on service and repairs for one year.  Way to go Jim's !!!!!!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,3/25/2014,107,261,5,11,4>Day/time of visit: Sunday lunch buffetAtmosphere: casual, family ownedThis place was very busy for Sunday lunch. The lunch buffet is very impressive and has the largest selection of any Indian buffet I've ever been to - makes the $12.95 price worth it! Large selection of vegetarian dishes (daal, chick peas, eggplant/okra, some veggie dish with paneer, pakora in a yellow yogurt sauce - my absolute fav and difficult to find and no, I don't know the name of the dish - lol!), 2 different fried appetizers things - one had potatoes in it, the other was more dense and flour based (reminded me of hush puppies), rice, naan, raita, all the sauces, and an amazing cucumber/onion/tomato/cilantro salad. Lots of meat options as well: Curry chicken, Butter chicken, Tandoori chicken - all were amazing and love that they are made with white chicken meat (no sketchiness). The curry chicken was exceptional and kind of reminded me of Berbere sauce (Ethiopian). They also had  chicken legs in a chick-pea flour coating that the BF said tasted 'smokey' and Mutton biryani.3 different desserts - rice pudding, the 'donut holes' in syrup, and some little round cake slices that were coated in coconut. Everything was fresh and hot. The manager and servers were very attentive and engaged. Will definitely be back and I think this is now my fav Indian buffet in Pinellas.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,3/24/2014,122,103,4,11,8>This Sunday marked the 4th Tampa Brunch Tour stop at Oystercatchers located inside of the Grand Hyatt, Tampa. Ever since I moved to Tampa, Oystercatchers Brunch was on my "must do list". Myself along with 5 other Tampa Food Bloggers set out for an early Sunday morning brunch.Upon arrival we had an introduction about Oystercatchers brunch from the talented Chef de Cuisine, Hector Pabon. Chef explained that he changes up the menu every week and during this visit, we experienced a Florida Cuba style brunch.Finding ourselves among unlimited mimosa's & champagne (hooray for Chateau Ste. Michelle bubbles!). Seriously, our glasses did not go beyond half empty once.A fully stocked Bloody Mary Bar with three different concoctions - traditional, clammato and extra spicy. Two different flavor rimmers and multiple options in the stuffed olive category. Oh - and BACON.Walking to our table, I instantly fell in love with Oystercatchers Brunch - my caviar obsessed eyes went straight to this line up and I will be honest - if I were not here on a blogger brunch, I would have sat here for hours consuming this goodness. Oh caviar, I have missed you so!!! What goes perfect with caviar? The most perfect smoked Salmon one could ever get their hands on, paired with everything a lox fan could ever dream of.Then, my eyes focused on the cheese and caricature board. One of the cheese selections was "drunken goat" and I am currently in hunt for what may be my new favorite cheese.Let's move onto breakfast items, shall we. Our fantastic server greeted us with bubbles and explained the various stations. Breakfast, Lunch, Raw bar, pasta bar, salad stations, sushi and of course everything I mentioned above....oh and a dessert bar not to be missed. More on that later. He explained our omelet station would have every topping one could desire (it did) and various eggs, egg whites and QUAIL EGGS! I decided to get a spinach, mushroom, garlic, bacon and quail egg omelet. While it was delicious, I am generally an egg white kinda of gal and this was a bit rich for me. Also on the plate below is.....drum roll please......a lobster egg Benedict. My breakfast gods have died and gone to heaven.One of the tables favorite items on the menu was the spring rolls with every dipping sauce you could imagine. I have a weakness for spring rolls - I don't feel guilty eating them and these were delicious. Oystercatchers had two different sushi rolls available this day, tuna and California.I was beyond impressed with the pasta station. Offering house-made pasta - everything from linguine to ravioli to gnocchi. I opted with a unique concoction - gnocchi, vodka sauce, prosciutto, sun-dried tomato, chicken and asparagus. I lost all self control. My flavors were a bit odd but the sauce and the gnocchi were very good.Let's take a visit over to the dessert bar. I went in with a full stomach and wide eyes. If you ever go to Oystercatches on your birthday - let them know. You may get a special treat! The dessert bar was out of this world and you must visit it. Bananas Foster, Ice Cream Bar, Patries galore. You name it. Is oystercatchers worth the brunch price? Absolutely!
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/23/2014,95,65,2,9,6>There are only three words you need to know about Dough: DUCK FAT FRIES!The recently acquired Chef Domenica Macchia has risen Dough to a whole new level.  Small plates and desserts sets Dough apart from its Big Sister, Datz, next door.  Unique, creative gelato flavors and thinking outside of the doughnut box keeps Tampa runnin' on Dough.  Wash down your bacon maple doughnut with a bacon maple cappuccino topped with bacon crumbles.Dough offers a private room which is perfect for small functions, such as baby showers or professional development workshops.  For these special events, Dough will create a menu tailored for your guests.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,8/1/2014,68,285,8,6,3>I don't normally go for "gourmet" sandwiches.  Give me some good warm bread, some meat and veggies, pile it high and squirt on some mustard and I'm right as rain.  But, my girlfriend and I had just finished a long run and needed to eat something quick.  Found this place on our way home and decided to check it out.Guess we're past the days of "freedom fries" if we can give our restaurants french sounding names.  Thank god - that was stupid anyway.  And once again, I digress.Anyway, they have pizza.  I mention this because its a gourmet place with a fancy frenchy name, but they have pizza.  Order it if you want, but let me know what it's like after you do.  I'm curious.  They have pastas, too.  We didn't go for that.  She got some kind of mushroom appetizer that I wouldn't touch in a thousand years but that's because mushrooms are icky - how's that for a professional sounding review?  I got a grilled chicken sandwich with bacon, which came with a side of home baked chips. I realize how ungourmet that sounds, but that was a damn good sandwich.  Came on a challah bun with some mustard or dijon I think, and it was great.  Chips were good, too.  Crunchy and not greasy.This is a counter service place - order at the counter and they bring it to you; kind of like Jason's deli.  Menu isn't too extensive - maybe a half dozen items in each section, but it will have something for everyone.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,7/31/2014,107,182,4,6,6>Rarely do I hand out 5 Stars but this place just solidifies what I love about indie places. It's pure rock n roll.  Both in the art, the owners, the food and the patrons.  If Ella's was in St. Pete, I would probably take up residence there. I have been a few times but waiting to see if I really was in love before I reviewed it.  Every dish I have had there is amazing... from pizza, to their vegetarian squash dish, to appetizers and to handcrafter cocktails. All HITS!They also bring in some amazing music which is a big draw for me.  I highly love the love of this place and hope it continues to stay the same for years.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,7/30/2014,159,114,3,7,3>This place has a great uniqueness in comparison to anything else in Tampa. First off, it is visually a stunning place. Rich colors and textures all blended together for an eclectic,  industrial, but comfortable feel. I spent at least an hour perusing the books and decor and trinkets for sale while sipping a deliciously strong iced coffee from the local Buddy Brew tea and coffee bar. There are plushy chairs to relax and chat with friends. The bathroom is so nice! (Seriously- take a look at all the pictures and framed quotes in the hallway leading to).The food is great! My friend and I came for lunch and were seated quickly.The pretzel bites appetizer were perfectly baked and the honey vinegar dip was completely devoured by me alone. #sorrynotsorry friend..I ordered a steak sandwich. Perfectly cooked flank steak topped with caramelized onions tomatoes and roasted red peppers, all in a soft baguette smothered in a garlic aioli that I dipped my spicy sweet potato fries in it was so good!Our server was very attentive and nice. Price is medium but well worth it.The restaurant fountain/courtyard is gorgeous (& a great venue idea for a wedding reception! )Definitely recommend for any occasion!  Dates, quick bite, or for a do some work (out of the office) atmosphere!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,7/29/2014,141,264,4,5,4>We walked over to Frenchy's after attending the Clearwater Beach Uncorked food and wine fest.  The day started out cold and windy but after sampling many fine wines, beer and liquor, we warmed up nicely.  The food part of the festival were small bites so we opted to walk over for a meal.  I know that they are know for Grouper but that just isn't my cup o tea, but the lobster specials totally caught my eye.  Hubster did get the cajun grouper and enjoyed his, i took a bite but hey, it's just not my thing.  After tossing between the lobster roll and lobster taco, the server told me his suggestion was the taco so taco it was.  Two flour tortillas filled with lightly Cajun-grilled lobster meat, cilantro, green onion, cabbage, guacamole and Baja sauce. Served with a side of green chili tomatillo salsa.  Although it is described as lightly cajun, I would say it was more heavy handed on the cajun.  Each bite seemed spicier than the next.  I did enjoy but would have preferred not so spicy so next time I'd go with the roll.  Service was excellent, beach ambience and all in all a good experience.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,7/28/2014,99,207,4,12,4>Moving to Tampa Bay from an area that had only a few Vietnamese restaurants within an hour drive, I never expected to be surrounded by so many of them here! I told my husband we would have to try each and every one just because we have a chance to.We stopped by Pho Kien Giang last night (Sunday) with two other couples. I have been hearing rave reviews about this place from friends. It's in a strip mall off 49th Street and there's a banh mi deli next door (this place was closed last night, is it new? We'll have to try it out!).Good sign for a Viet restaurant- all of the patrons were Vietnamese. So you know the food has to be pretty good! We ordered the canh chua (sour fish soup) as an appetizer because my sister and her boyfriend said it was delicious and just like mom's. And it was! The flavors were just the right amounts of sweet and sour. The fish was firm and veggies had a nice crunch.My husband ordered the broken rice dish with the porkchop, egg, chinese sausauge and some other stuff. It was a huge dish! He said it was very good, as I could tell from his almost clean plate (he was too full to clean it completely!). My son had the broken rice with sliced pork (thit nuong), and he said it was pretty yummy! He's very picky and other Viet restaurants he did not like the meat as well as he did here. I had the vermicelli dish with the pork and eggroll. The meat and eggroll had very good flavor and were not bland. The veggies and noodles were fresh. Our server was very friendly and accommodating. He brought out that soup as an app, even though it isn't considered an app and brought us soup bowls and silverware for it. All with a smile on his face and he didn't seem put off about it. The restaurant is very clean inside and decor is nice without being too much. Food came out in good time and drinks were refilled when getting low. Awesome service!So overall, our meal was delicious! And the prices here are very reasonable/comparable to the other restaurants in the area. Very happy that we got to go here and we will definitely be back to try some of the other family style dinner dishes!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,7/27/2014,11,72,6,9,3>I Came here again with my fiancé and brother. I worked up an appetite today though. I was out putting up a fence skipped breakfast and lunch got a good workout tonight is it brother. I was getting me some mother loving sushi on!And they did not let us down. I mean between the 3 of us we got every specialty roll. Crab Rangoon, scallops, edamame, egg drop soup and some regular Mexican rolls, extra spicy tuna rolls you nameIt. EVERYTHING was delicious. I loved my sweet green tea too ( barely sweet ) I see some lady saying in one of the comments below food is bland and all rice. She is high on saki man these rolls are packed with fish and crab delicious and about the best in Tampa Bay Area. Sure some odd rules and they're still getting their sea legs on service but lemme tell you. I've brought and sent tons of business here already NO ONE left unsatisfied. This is it sushi spot should be highlighted by yelp! Again I still can't give 5 stars they're servers are so green and un organized. But they are the sweetest people and really care. So you just can't get mad at them.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,7/26/2014,60,155,5,10,6>I will begin by saying that I'm no authority on Cuban sandwiches, Italian vs Tampa vs Philly vs NY bakeries, or any of that stuff. What I do know is that this place has an AMAZING tasting Cuban sandwich. I've had a few since I've been here, and this was by far the best. They've all had the same(or variations of) standard meats, cheese, and some type of sauce/spread, but the bread is what set this one apart for me. It was soft, but somewhat sweet and flaky like a croissant, and all the flavors from the aforementioned ingredients went really well together. They make a number of other sandwiches as well, plus there was breakfast served all day. They had samples of the Sicilian pizza to try, which led to me buying a small box of it as well. We also bought some cannolis, a mini cheesecake, meat pie(also amazing), and sausage rolls. There were tons more baked goods to choose from, to include custom cakes for any occasion. The damage came to around $27, and all of us agree it was money well spent. As for the facility, it was clean and well kept, and the staff were friendly and helpful. There isn't a thing I disliked about this place, so maybe I'll be ready to give it 5 stars after finishing the sweets and my next visit. Definitely go here!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,7/25/2014,151,511,4,9,4>Loving this little gourmet market in downtown Dunedin!Popped in this weekend and was so delighted to find this little market with spices, soup mixes, nut butters, and more. The best thing about it is the samples. They have a display of Big Spoon Roasters nut butters from North Carolina. One baby spoonful of the chai spice and I was in heaven. My husband loved the peanut cocoa flavor. I also got to try some oat cakes that I had seen before but had never been interested in. Well, they are delicious and I bought a bag of that too. I will definitely be back. In the meantime, you should check them out.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,7/24/2014,102,115,6,8,5>Holy Yummy Goodness.  This pre-Valentine's dinner was booked the day of thru Open Table.  For the life of me, I can't even remember most of what we had ( white wine induced ) but every single item was so full of flavor and the presentation was perfect.  I do remember the butternut squash soup.  I could've stopped with that and the bread.... Oh wait, now it's coming back a little.  Goat cheese on top of bread- I believe prosciutto as well!Oh yeah, it was scallops on top of some beef concoction.Let me also state that the service is extraordinary!!!It was in the "$100" meal category but hey, we are worth it right?!?I think this might be my second favorite restaurant now!!!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,7/23/2014,56,117,4,7,5>Sideberns beats the pants off of Berns Steakhous and most other restaurants in the Tampa Bay but is still not perfect.  If you want to have creative and perfectly prepared food served in a trendy, romantic atmosphere along with a stellar wine list then this is the place for you.  But if you want great cocktails and perfect service at reasonable prices then this is NOT the place for you.First the bad.  I specifically decided to come here because I read that the bartender here was known for making the most innovative and tasty cocktails in all the Bay.  Now I fancy myself a mediocre to decent mixologist with enough knowledge and a strong enough palate to know when something is well made and when something is incorrect.  There are rules and guidelines for cocktails and if you learn how to make thing right then you will be really surprised how rare it is to find a properly made drink.  And so I was really relishing the idea of getting some great drinks.My MO is that when I trust a bartender or want to test them, I ask them to make something that they think will impress me and I give them a few examples of what I like.  I want to see the bartender showcase their skills.  This bartender made us a Cosmo and a Manhattan.  OK classic cocktails are a good start but it turns out that her idea of impressing me was to mix two of their higher priced sipping bourbons together to make the manhattan (which cost me $19 per drink).  That was a waste of the bourbons but what really made it a waste was that she added WAY too much sweet vermouth.  Frankly the drink was just poor and a waste of very, very good bourbon.  I wanted to see technique showcased and I got poor execution.  But it could be a fluke except the Cosmo had way too much citrus.  After this one round my wife and I choked the drinks down and decided that wine is safer.  Opportunity lost.The other bad thing about the experience is that we got the tasting menu and it was all amazing except the desert.  The deserts were abysmal to be say the least.  And this was such a shame because it ended the amazing meal on a serious low point.  I had coconut rice pudding with pineapple and passionfruit.  The rice pudding was flavorless and the passionfruit was seriously overpowering.  Seriously the passionfruit puree chunks could drown out everything else.  My wife had the lavender chocolate desert.  It was 3 tiny pieces of tiny chocolate that wasnt only small in size but small in flavor.  It had raspberry foam that I couldn't taste and a block of pomegranate that was uninspired.  The nut puree was grainy as well.  We didn't finish either.  So save yourself the trouble and go to the desert room at Berns or get a pint of ice cream on the way home.And finally, the price sucks.  For 1 inexpensive bottle of wine, 2 cocktails and 2 tasting menus I paid almost $300.  The food was great but I have had amazing food elsewhere for far less.  But then again this is an experience so don't let the price hold you back.  But at this price I expect nothing less than perfection..Now for the good.  Everything else was fantastic.  The decor is dark and trendy and romantic and comfortable.  The staff, especially the sommelier Gregory, was very attentive.  (well except the bartenders who left us standing there for 20 minutes waiting to give an order)  From replacing your silverware between courses to folding your napkin, to making sure our food arrived hot, the staff gave us great service.  Be sure to ask for the sommelier to help you choose a wine.  The sommelier is really the best part of going to Berns.  Then the tasting menu is 6 courses including a desert which as I mentioned is terrible.  You might as well skip the desert.  But the rest is fantastic.  Every app and entrée was excellent but the standouts to me were the basil risotto, the lamb porterhouse, and the pig cheeks.  Risotto is so delicate that it must be prepared fresh and cooked just right.  They succeeded.  The rice was al dente but not tough.  The herbs were the perfect mix and flavor.  And the topping of lemon foam was the perfect accent.  The lamb was so tender and flavorful though small but that is why there is 6 courses.  The pork cheeks were unique with smoky flavors and amazing grits.  I mean they were the best grits that I have ever had.So here is the thing.  If you want to impress someone then come here.  If you want some cutting edge food that is perfectly prepared then come here.  But I don't believe the hype about the mixologists at the bar and I won't be spending $300.00 for a dinner for 2 on a regular basis.  But I will come back.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,3/16/2013,104,138,2,6,3>I like to go running in this park. They have a cement running trail that is 1.2 miles. It stays well lit after the sunsets. Along the trail they also have training stations.  They have tables for children's birthday parties, a playground for kids, a dog park, wide field for football or soccer or any game really, a basketball court, boardwalks and a lake. They have plenty of parking, so that isn't an issue at all. Stays open until 9 in the summer! That's personally my favorite part. I like to run outside and when the time changed, I wanted to find somewhere to run safely at night.I'm going to have to edit this review a little bit. My car was just broken into here. The thief also hit 3 other cars. Make sure everything in your car is secure and not in sight. It's amazing, being a park, you would think someone would have seen something, but it is what it is. Rant ended...
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/15/2013,74,100,3,6,4>We love Clearwater Beach! This beach town is very well kept, clean and the landscaping is very nice. The water is amazing and the sand feels like powder on your feet. You can find several small boutique shops throughout the beach along with plenty of great restaurants to eat at and hotels to stay at.During busy season and days of nice weather the beach does get packed and traffic is very bad. Also parking is very limited so if you plan on going arrive early and bring lots of change at weekend meter parking is .25 for 12 minutes. North beach has free parking past Avalon street which I personally enjoy this part of the beach better. It is a little more quiet and not as crowded as South beach. One of the best beaches around if you are planning on making a day or coming here to vacation.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,3/14/2013,72,220,4,5,4>I am embarrassed to say I attended UT for two semesters and didn't manage to get to this museum until after I'd left their enrollment.  Plant Hall, the former Tampa Bay Hotel, is an amazing building and its iconic minarets frequently featured in photos of the Tampa skyline.  The museum itself is housed in just part of this huge structure.  The rest of the structure has been converted into offices and administrative space for the university, though many architectural and decorative details remain and I recommend taking an unobtrusive stroll through the rest of the building before you leave.The museum itself showcases a wealth of furniture, objects and photographs from the Tampa Bay Hotel's brief but golden heyday.  I am a gizmo geek so I adored the little audiowands provided - speakers at one end and a keypad to "dial up" the audiotour stops.  I thought the design and layout of the audiotour stops was very well thought out.  The audiowands feature flat speakers that you simply hold to your ear and if the surrounding room was a bit noisy, it could be hard to hear.  But no problem since the audiotour was broken into very reasonable soundbites, with some rooms having 3-4 separate bits of narration.  This made it easy to relisten to just the bit you missed or wanted to hear again.  I really appreciated the breadth of information provided.  Lots of details not only about hotels but about the kinds of people that visited, what train travel was like in those days, major events that happened at the hotel and a lot of information I didn't know about the importance of Tampa and the hotel as a pre-Cuba staging grounds for the Spanish-American War.  My mom and I dallied for a solid hour and a half and enjoyed this museum greatly.  Good value for $10 and a must-do for anyone interested in Tampa local history or details of the Gilded Age.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,3/13/2013,86,68,3,7,5>How can you go wrong with $5.55 tapas like this?I went on a Tuesday which is their $5.55 tapas day and it did not disappoint.  I went with friends so I was able to sample several dishes.  My fav was the setas con chorizo.  Some of the best chorizo I've ever tasted with mushrooms in a dark sauce.  I could have eaten just this and been happy.  We also sampled the croquetas de pollo or chicken croquettes.  I like these because they weren't your usual big round ball of a croquette with too much filling.  These were more like flat disks and best of all they had an amazing tomato/pesto sauce.  Another favorite of mine were the almejas castillas which were clams in a white wine sauce.  They were delicious and you'll need to ask for extra bread because you'll want to sop up all that tasty sauce when you're done.  As for entrees we tried the zarzuela de mariscos.  This is a variety of seafood served in a delicious, savory broth.  The menu says it's a lobster broth.... whatever it was it was amazing.  There are clams, mussels, large shrimp, fish and scallops in the dish and you can tell they do not skimp on the quality when it comes to the seafood. The benefit of going places with friends? Plenty of room to share some desserts.  We had the crema catalana which is like the spanish version of creme brulee.   It was mild, yet delicious.  We also tried the tres leches.  This is a staple dessert for latin cooking and it was yummy too.  The manager tells us they will soon be expanding which will be great and I look forward to going back to sample more tasty bites.  It was a great first experience and I'm kind of sad I don't live closer.  I will definitely make the 30 minute drive again to visit Cafe Ole!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/12/2013,102,330,3,11,5>There is nothing more Ybor-y than the Columbia! I have been to about half the Columbia's and this is by far my favorite. The restaurant is beautiful and huge!First, food! 1905 Salad! AMAZING!!! I could live off this. I eat, sleep, and dream the 1905 Salad. We always do family style, even if it's just the 2 of us, this salad is great even for leftovers! Warm Cuban Bread! MMMMMmmmmMMMMM!!!!!! (I think that is enough Ms). So good. PERIOD.I could stop there, but I won't. I really love the "Tapeo" Sampler (3 choices of Tapas). I have not made it through them all yet, but will soon. Have not found 1 that I dislike. My favorites are the Costillitas de Cerdo Habana, Empanadas de Picadillo, Queso Fundido, Croquetas do Pollo, Pollo al Ajillo, and the Calamares Fritos "A la Romana. You also cannot go wrong with the Grilled Grouper, any of the Filet Mignons, or Palomilla. To be honest, I have not tried that many of the main entrees. I know that I will be filled up on the 1905 Salad and the Cuban Bread. That being the case, I usually stick to the Tapas sampler and share with my fiancée. Now onto drinks. The White Sangria is to die for. It is made with champagne instead of red wine. It is sweet but not too sweet. I always get it!!!Moving past the food, the staff here is excellent. Never have I had a negative experience. I recall a couple months ago, some change my grandmother made to her meal did not get changed in the kitchen. I think she substitutes the black beans. Nevertheless, the staff went to great lengths to fix her order and was very apologetic. I commend their excellent customer service, especially at this location.One time I came here for private event. We had a beautiful room on the side. I really enjoyed the Cuban dancers our entertainment. It was a perfect night. Relaxing and delicious!Overall this is a beautiful establishment with wonderful service and even better food. I have been to the Columbia in St. Augustine, St. Pete (Pier), and Clearwater Beach. This Ybor location is my favorite. I cannot think of a more authentic Ybor resultant than the Columbia. If you are only going to eat out once while visiting this city, I highly suggest the Columbia in Ybor!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,3/11/2013,117,304,2,6,2>This place is a dream come true for non-poseur folks who just love delicious wine.I like a complex, intense wine now and then - but after having the mango, coffee and berry wines from this place - it's tough to go back to old-school wines. These "trick" wines are probably looked upon with disdain by aficionados, but who really cares?The bottles are expensive compared to "fruitier" wines you'll buy in the store, like a pink Moscato or such, running around 15-20+ per bottle.Also love the new "wine pouch" technology they offer. VERY handy for multiple applicationsBottom line: DELICIOUS
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/9/2013,34,118,4,6,6>Tampa Bay is lucky to have so many wonderful Greek restaurants and a typical staple item on their menu is falafel. Since I often eat vegetarian the falafel sandwich is often my go to item at a Greek restaurant and I was always very happy with it. This all slightly changed after l I got to try the real-deal while on a vacation in Paris. There I discovered the amazing taste of Israeli style falafels and they knocked the Greek variation down a few rungs on the deliciousness ladder. The many restaurants and take away stands on Rue des Rosiers in the Marais district, particularly L'As Du Fallafel showed me just how amazing this simple dish of fried chickpea balls could be. The Israeli style inclusion of hummus, tahini, chili sauce, chopped cucumber/tomato, and fried eggplant transforms this already great sandwich into something out of this world good.  These unbelievable flavors and textures all come together to form an inexpensive portable feast, alas there was a problem. Where was I to get these back home? That problem was solved when Mana Mana opened up right here in downtown Clearwater. My first time there I was a little apprehensive....were these going to live up to the high standard set across the ocean in France? Well I am happy to share with you they are every bit as good, and my repeat visits confirm that time after time. The other reviews do a great job of painting a picture of this tiny corner cafe. There is the charming owner, a few tables, a condiment bar, etc, etc -- but the real magic is what awaits you inside the warm pita. So go grab yourself a Falafel at Mana Mana and see for yourself. A truly fantastic hidden treasure right here in Clearwater.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,3/8/2013,143,641,2,8,4>I think this place is often overlooked by us locals.Hubby and I stayed here recently for a long weekend utilizing their "suite deal" and had a great time! With this deal you get upgraded services in your suite (ours was Gulfside) and a $50 food and drink credit per day (it covered in room breakfast at least!)Yes, it's pricey. Let's get that out of the way right now. Complaining about the price or resort fees after reserving is just plain stupid. All their fees are listed clearly and if you've stayed at a luxury hotel lately you know that room service is expensive, burgers are $10 and up, and drinks will run your tab quite high. Get over it, you're on vacation!That being said, the room was awesome! Floor to ceiling windows, french doors opening on the balcony overlooking the white sands, a huge bathroom, soft robes, very nice.We utilized room service, the tequila bar and the Maritan grille. (see seperate reviews)The hotel offers morning excersize classes, free ice cream in the afternoons, in room massage and they have nice little shops to peruse as well.The pool is private as well. Used to be anyone could walk up and enjoy it and it was uber packed but now it's only open to guests, and yes they do check your room key for proof, so that's  a big plus!!For a special occassion I'll spend the money and keep coming back !
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,3/7/2013,60,119,2,4,3>For a casual, outdoor dinner Whistle Stop is one of my favorites. Happy hour wine prices are excellent (I think $2.50), draft beer is around $1.50 and their food is always great.I keep coming back for the black eyed pea salad. I can't get enough. Such a simple side that they make so well. The fried green tomatoes are great, as you would expect. I'm personally a fan of the Fried Green BLT and the Buffalo Chicken Wrap, but I have never had a bad item.There is live music on the weekend and a portion of the restaurant is dog friendly. What's not to love.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2013,3/6/2013,118,489,2,4,3>A girl can work up a helluva hunger on a shopping spree. From the corner of my eye, I spotted what looked like an inviting bar emitting bright green LCD and  halogen lighting with smiling Vietnamese folks behind it. I'm thinking this place must be healthy, must be environmentally responsible, then the menu hits me. It's Pho!! (Pronounced Fu, like go Fu yourself) I find a staff willing to explain the complexities of bubble tea to an eager line of interested Americans. The spring rolls are on target, much like PhoQuyen, but I know I have to try the noodles to have a fair opinion. I do it wrong, and ask for the shrimp pho with extra noodles and the boyfriend gets the beef. I flavor mine with fresh sides provided, and it never tastes as good as his does. I consider risking boiled fingertips to remove the shrimp tails from my hot soup when I remember I am a master chopstick wielder, and that saves the day, but not the taste. The Thai Tea smoothie has a film melted on top that you can poke a giant straw through, and the straw is wide enough to allow the gelatinous bubbles to slide right up and compliment the cool tea. Ingeniously portable for a mall trip. I robotically ate everything in site, and didn't feel too disgustingly full to continue shopping. This place will be a win when I order correctly. The concise menu ensures that what they do have is done well. It's still no replacement for the diverse options of PhoQuyen, but its a great Pho fix on a chilly day, or otherwise!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,7/22/2012,37,159,,3,2>Issues with parking usually equal a good place. And this is the case with Datz. The Havana Hottie is one of the best sandwiches I've consumed, I highly recommend it. The draft beer selection is exceptional, plenty of variety. Upstairs is the place to be. Great bar and a little more intimate. Although the outside setting is nice too, if you're up for outdoors. As for the service, all the times I've been there, it's been top notch. And finally.. "this is crazy", but I have to say I love the bathroom. Vintage style pictures of places around the bay area and a low ceiling, which makes me feel like a giant! Great for a casual, but upscale-ish date.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,7/21/2012,49,63,1,2,1>The Village Health Market is where I go when I can't find "it" at Whole Foods. Don't let the nondescript exterior fool you, it's actually a fairly large grocery store tucked into a strip mall with an enormous selection of vitamins and supplements, a full deli, a cafe, a small wine department and a great frozen foods section too.  Their bulk spice department is really handy for when I have a recipe calling for a tablespoon of something I don't use on a regular basis, and they have a great selection of bulk organic and raw dried fruits, nuts, legumes and grains to choose from.  They have a nice selection of gluten-free, vegan and organic foods with a larger variety than any other local store I've visited.  Of course, you will pay handsomely for anything you purchase here -  the same item would cost about 15-20% less at Whole Foods, in my experience, but you can negate that by shopping on the 3rd Wednesday of every month (Wild Wednesday) or the last Saturday of the month (Saturday Sale) when you get 20% off everything storewide.  The next time you're having lunch at Pane Rustica stop by The Village Health Market just a few storefronts down, if you're even the least bit health conscious I think you'll love it!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,7/20/2012,87,128,3,6,5>I am a foodie in search of the best Tampa has to offer. Upon researching what other urban spooners considered the best Mexican in Tampa, I stumbled across El Zarape. Living in Hyde Park, it's rare that I venture north of Kennedy. However, I took the leap of faith of other reviews and headed up North Armenia. My boyfriend and I almost missed the restaurant, as it is in a small strip mall. Aesthetically, it isn't anything to write home about. However, I've found through past experiences, that many of the great, authentic restaurants lack curb appeal. I ordered a combination platter, which included a cheese enchilada, mini beef chimichanga, beef taco, refried beans and rice. All for a measly $8.49! It was great, boasting authentic flavor and not disappointing. My boyfriend decided to go the taco route, which rings in at a nice $2 per taco. You can choose from a variety of meat fillings, including marinated pork, chicken, steak, barbacoa, tripe, ground beef, and chorizo to name a few. I've been back a few times, and each time it has lived up to my expectations. The last time I went, I ordered 4 tacos and 2 Coronas... $15! What a steal, and what a great meal! Highly recommend to anyone! Best Mexican food I've had in Tampa.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,7/19/2012,51,26,1,7,7>Naglaa is the best at eyebrow threading! She really listens to what you want and makes it happen. I enjoy keeping my eyebrows full with a nice arch and she delivers. Too many times have I been somewhere where they pluck my eyebrows into nothing. I know some women like that but not me. And Naglaa understands that. The threading is quick and she is so detailed. The salon is so cute - and the staff is very warm. You are offered a beverage as soon as you walk in and every person that works there is welcoming.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,7/18/2012,117,304,1,6,2>An easy 5 stars - and a MUST SEE for anyone visiting St Pete. This place is in every person's 'Top Five Things To Do' for a reason.Everything from the building design, the grounds, the art itself (of course), and even the gift shop is all pure magic. I won't go on and on about various features covered in the 150+ reviews. Just go. If you love art, you will love this place.Protip: I prefer the self-guided audio tours to the docent-guided ones. The docent tours tend to be HUGE and ponderous, and it can be hard to hear the guide, (and they sometimes get a little long-winded). The self-guided tours go at your own pace, making the experience seem more perfect...
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,7/17/2012,31,32,1,3,2>I can't believe I missed this place the whole time I've been here. I got the waffles ala brunchery and it's really good. I only gave 4 stars cause I need to try more on the menu before I give it 5 but it's pretty damn close. The fresh squeezed orange juice isn't the best I've had. I also don't know how fresh squeezed it can be since I noticed the waitress pour it from a plastic store container. Speaking of the waitress, the cutest ever, I may have to come back just for her number.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,7/16/2012,66,63,1,4,2>I have been going to Dr. White since I moved to Tampa four years ago. She is a very easy-going doctor who remembers things about me besides medical information written on my chart. She's good about answering questions and reminding my why certain things related to health are important. It's also easy to get a referral from her, as her office is happy to offer suggestions for other doctors in the area. The office also responds quickly to requests for prescription refills. I don't plan on changing doctors and have never had any problem at all with this office. The wait is never out of control, and things are handled in a very timely manner.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,7/15/2012,38,85,2,2,3>Decent portions make a good valueThis is a strip mall dining location. Walking up, there are two, two tops made of metal outside that need love. There are various paper signs in the windows and on the doors and none of them caught my eye. Just inside is a small bar like structure that doubles as a hostess stand and checkout counter. They take plastic including AMEX. The décor inside is not much to brag about with nothing truly of interest to look at. The lighting must have been adequate as it did not catch my attention but clearly wasn't fancy either. The booth was comfortable. Service seemed quite attentive although it started off a bit odd to me by the server fiving us an order ticket with the daily specials handwritten on it. When I opened the menu, I was taken aback by the ridiculous amount of food listed. As I have said and learned from many reality restaurant shows on TV and in my own travels, this is NEVER a good thing. Three out of the four of us ordered from the daily special menu. My wife and I ordered the wedding soup, chicken kabobs/skewers with yellow rice, Greek salad, pita bread and dessert for $8.95 (Awesome deal). The soup was NOT Italian wedding soup as it lacked much in the way of spinach and had no meatballs at all. In its place was chicken. The flavor was decent but I would call it a fancy chicken soup. As for the entrée, the chicken was seasoned well; the vegetables on the skewers (two) were crisp and seemed fresh. The rice was cooked well and a generous portion.  The salad lacked potato salad and therefore in my opinion could not truly be called a Greek salad. It did however contain 4 small Kalamata olives and the dressing was splendid. For dessert I was offered rice pudding, red jello, or tapioca, I chose the tapioca. It was a little runny but not bad. My wife chose the rice pudding which was dry and far too solid. The other entrees of tuna salad and manicotti were not bad either and contained decent portions. The tuna was surrounded on its square plate with lots of cantaloupe and melon and a few straw berries, all fresh. The manicotti seemed a bit runny and looked pretty bad but the guest seemed to like it all the same. Personally my wife and I fared much better as expected with the special of the day. This is a solid good deal especially for the price and I will be back to order the special of the day until they make the menu have 20 items or less.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,7/14/2012,43,133,,5,3>What a great bar if your a serious beer drinker. My wife was drinking a Hefeweizen and I was drinking a Left Hand Milk Stout that was coming out of the nitro tap. The bartender Jeni was well versed in the beer selection and if you were not sure what you wanted tell what you like and she will find you something. Now beware don't go looking to get Bud Light and such this is a serious beer drinker bar with others who enjoy beer. Oh and one more thing they have no tv's so if your wanting to catch a game you won't be able to.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,7/13/2012,101,93,1,7,3>One word: Authenticity While I have not tried all of the Italian restaurants in Tampa, I can confidently say that Osteria Natalina is by far the best Italian restaurant I have dined at so far in Tampa and here is why: The food was nothing short of amazing.  Pretty much everything we ordered was superior.  The tasty northern italian tapenade with soft Italian bread set the tone for the deliciousness that was to come.  A fantastic truffle / mushroom soup, pear and gorgonzola stuffed purse pasta and the lobster ravioli were cooked to perfection.  Fantastic selection of wine with the Chianti taking the conversation to a welcoming and passionate place.  5 stars for the food alone. The ambiance was a sort of  "in your neighbors kitchen" type of feeling.  Very warm and welcoming, nothing fancy or overdone about it.  You can tell conversation and socializing in an unpretentious way is what happens here at Osteria Natalina.  Very friendly Italian speaking staff give an accommodating and sincere vibe. While I was in Bagni di Lucca, Italy, we went to a small pizza place in a mountain side village that this place reminded me of.  The food, people and atmosphere are what makes this place stand out.  Counting down the days until we return. Ciao! :)
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,10/7/2011,204,405,3,10,6>Not too long ago, I woke up one morning craving a hot dog.Pretty strange considering I haven't eaten a hot dog in about 10 years.But these kinds of craving must be satisfied, right?A quick Yelp search popped up Hot Dogs on Main in Dunedin.  So later that day I find myself swinging down Main St in search of a freshsly made dog.  As there is construction of new sidewalks going on in Dunedin, it took me driving down the street 3 times just to see a sign with a big hot dog on it that was plainly by the side of the road.  Man, I need to get my glasses checked, as it was hiding in plain site.But thank goodness the sign was there, as Hot Dogs on Main is tucked into a tiny slice of a series of storefronts in the block.  The sign on the building is hard to see, but keep looking for the streetside hot dog sign, and if you see a storefront sign that says "Kookie Krums", you're just 2 doors away.But was all this 10 minutes of searching worth it?Absolutely.Entering the door, a quick glance in front of me showed a big 2-page spread  in the St. Pete Times titled, "Gourmet hot dogs bring new flavor to Tampa Bay," with Hot Dogs on Main prominently and favorably featured as the first restaurant out of 3.  Things were already looking good.The friendly proprietor, Susan, greeted me quickly with a big smile and a menu and asked if she could help.  Turns out Susan is a personal chef by trade, so she knows her way around good food, including the quality ingredients that make up a humble, but great tasting dog.   But Susan has raised the bar in search of the perfect dogs with a menu of 15+ versions of classic and custom hot dogs, all of them sounding delicious.  And here's just a short list:-   For kids, a 3-inch "puppy" ($1.25)-   For grownup kids, they can get a foursome of those 3-inch links for $6 that includes a sampling of some of Susan's most popular creations:  plain dog ($2.75 for a full-sized), the Southern Dog (fresh coleslaw, $2.95 for a full-sized), the Brooklyn Dog (sauerkraut and spicy mustard, $2.95), or a classic chili dog ($3.50).-   The Dixie Dog ($3.90) with a mix of cumin-seasoned chili and crisp housemade coleslaw-   The Greek Hound Dog ($5.75) which includes pepperoncini, tzatziki, feta, cuke, olives-   The "poodle dog," a reduced-fat version-   The Italian Greyhound which has pesto and shaved Pecorino Romano.  -    and many moreIf you can't find a hot dog here that sounds good, check your pulse.But the classic Chili Dog with onions is what caught my eye, and just a few moments later it appeared in all its splendor, a nice big dog on a soft bun, smothered in chili and onions.  The flavors mixed extremely well, and I wish I had more time to sample a few more versions.  But that means I'll have to just come back soon.   And I will.They have canned drinks and bottled water, but seating inside is limited to a small 2-seat table, so most orders are to go.   The sidewalk construction outside will add some valuable extra seating that should be very comfortable under a nice big shade tree.Susan and I chatted a good while about why she chose her standard hot dog, Chicago's Vienna brand, a very tasty, skinless all-beef dog that comes 6 to a pound.   When she started Hot Dogs on Main, she offered both Nathan's or Vienna, but lots of tastings and feedback put the Vienna on top to stand alone.   Not to fear, though, if you like something different she offers kosher Hebrew Nationals, an Applegate organic turkey dog, or an Yves veggie dog.The cool thing about stopping by Hot Dogs on Main is not just a chance to chow down on a rockin' dog, but a chance to make a new friend in Susan.   Yes, she's that friendly and makes you feel like family, evidenced by regular customers that came in and were greeted with hugs and conversation.If only more restaurants would realize that a pleasurable meal is not just what shows up on the plate, but in the hearts, smiles and personality of the folks that make and serve it.Atmosphere:  4Service:  5Food:  4Value:  5
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,10/5/2011,201,321,4,12,1>Well, I got to try Texas de Brazil.  For those unfamiliar with the concept, basically you have waiters walking around with 3 foot long skewers with all sorts of meat hot off the grill, filling your plate until you explode.  That's the short version.TdB is my favorite restaurant of all time.  I had driven to Orlando and Miami just to have dinner there, since Tampa did not use to have one.  A while back Boizao opened, which is the same concept, so I stopped traveling 3-4 hours because Boizao was "good enough".  So in this review I can't help but compare the two.There are subtle differences in the bread, the beans, and the side dishes.  TdB has shrimp and salmon and lobster bisque in their buffet, while Boizao had mostly veggies.  Boizao had Swiss and cheddar cheese, TdB has fried provolone.  Boizao has roasted garlic cloves, TdB does not.Meat wise they are very similar, although I have to say the filet mignon at TdB was outstanding, the best I've ever had.  Both restaurants have a variety of meats, such as bacon wrapped filet, Parmesan crusted pork, sausage, chicken, lamb, flank steak, and the list goes on.  Along with the buffet and the never ending procession of meat skewers they also provide mashed potatoes, fried bananas, and cheese bread.  The bananas are supposed to be to "cleanse" your palate between meats, but I gorged on them as they were coated with cinnamon sugar.  And the cheese bread should be classified as a controlled substance.  It is addictive!Price wise they are similar.  Expect to pay $50-60 per person with drinks, dessert, tip, and tax.  TdB is running a $79 per couple special which includes soft drink, dessert, and a bottle of wine.  Boizao, not to be outdone, came out with a 50% off coupon.  It only applies to th entrees, but a decent discount nonetheless.So which one is better?  I have to declare a draw.  I love both of them, and will have to go back to both (often) to see if I can find a winner.  How in the world will I fit this "research" into my Weight Watchers plan? Lots of exercise... :)
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,10/4/2011,13,26,,9,3>A fresh breath of LIFE located in the Regency Square strip.Oasis is an awesome, independent, coffee shop.  They have a nice selection of food and beverages, including desserts, and their coffee (Buddy Brew) is great.  The establishment is spacious, with comfortable seating - tables, bar, or couches - and free WIFI.  The staff is extremely nice, and the entire place is very clean.They have live music on Fridays and Saturday nights, and they are closed on Sundays.  It gets crowded on the weekday evenings - with noticeably sweaty windows.Oasis also has a meeting room available for small group functions.  The space has a board room table that seats 10 people, LCD TV, white board, computers, fax, etc.  Their rates are VERY reasonable for the room rental.In a land of Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts, this place is a welcome relief - Oasis truly is an oasis.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,10/2/2011,115,14,1,9,2>This restaurant goes above and beyond for their customers! My family and I have driven by Central Park hundreds of times and we finally decided to stop by and try it last night. We were blown away! First when we walked in the door we were immediately greeted by the owner, we looked over and saw the chefs specials of the day and couldn't believe the pricing it was great! We were seated at a large table, the owner saw we had our baby with us, the table was clean the restaurant was clean, great atmosphere. We then were greeted by our server, she was very friendly, we apologized for coming in so late (8pm) she just smiled, she immediately served us our drink order. The menu is huge, there's lots of options! Whatever your in the mood for, trust me it will be on this menu. I'm a big boy, and I like to eat, the portions were huge (MANLY SIZED) I ordered the French Dip with fries, the dip was AWESOME! My fiance ordered one of the specials, spinach alfredo ravioli, her plate came out piping hot with two huge pieces of garlic bread, her dinner also came with a decent sized salad, it was great. Another member of our part had a gyro, and that to was surprisingly good! The last member of our family (who happens to be on a diet) she ordered the greek salad and split pea soup. She said the soup was better then any homemade soup shes ever had, the salad was massive and it was good, I tried it! I also decided to try one of their famous burgers, it was juicy and cooked to perfection and served on a toasted kaiser roll! The server was correct when she said they had the best burgers! You know everyone at your table had a great meal when there is no leftovers on the plate!!!! The owner came by and offered us some of their deserts, you have to try the RED VELVET CHEESECAKE it was incredible! Our entire experience here was above expectations! We will definitely be back, we live rite down the street! We will also make sure we recommend this restaurant to all of our family and friends! I cant wait to come back! Might just go again tonight!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,10/1/2011,91,330,3,7,6>A barn-looking, red building with cow prints and ICE CREAM in big words? Say no more. This ice cream business sticks to a whimsical country-feely look inside. Through the counter there are many buckets filled with the creamy stuff and chalk boards declare the MANY different combos and variations you can order. The staff was quick to help me decide on a regular strawberry cheesecake flavor based on my answers to their questions. Delicious, creamy, thick-- not too icy-- with some homemade love. I'll have to return because they rotate flavors based on the season and what they can get their hands on. Typical prices-- around $3-$4 for the good stuff. Remember-- cash only.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,9/30/2011,85,155,,5,2>I like this place for more than just the food. You are literally eating on the beach. There's a beach entrance.  So it's nice to eat, drink and enjoy the sunset.Located in the Double Tree Hotel, the restaurant is beachside. Tons of free parking in the garage out front. You have the choice to eat inside, the balcony or the patio off the beach.A fair amount of locals frequent the place beyond the hotel guests. There's an annual membership to the Mango Club for about $80. This entitles you to a free entree of equal or lesser value.  We eat there with our kids and believe it or not, the free entree is the 2nd most expensive entree on the tab, not the least (typically the kids at other places).  You also get other deals with this membership such as 10% off the bar tab if just drinking, discount on rooms, etc.  We recooped membership fee quickly.Also fun is the hula dancers at sunset on Friday night.  Tons of kids enjoy dancing with the dancers as well as limbo.  Everyone seems to enjoy the show.  It's nice for the kids.  It's a sweet show and nice to watch the kids have fun on the beach with the dancers.  There's also live music on the weekends, typically a guitarist with his karaoke type backup system.  Some singers are better than other, big deal, it's all part of the ambiance.They also have a buffet on Friday night with a grill for steaks.  Not a huge buffet but more for a quick bite to eat.I haven't had a bad meal there.  Not super fancy.  The staff both at the restaurant and inside the hotel are very nice. The bar off the beach is the Tiki Bar.  It's always busy.  There's also a quiet inside bar wtih TVs.  The drinks are pretty good, they don't skimp on the alcohol when they make them.   Thankfully, I can walk home after drinking there.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,9/29/2011,102,55,2,2,3>Best. Store. Ever. Don't know why I bother shopping anywhere else. The prices are a bit heart-stopping, but the quality and timelessness of the clothing, accessories and jewelry make them worthwhile. Whenever I am looking for something specific, I try other stores, but always, always end up back at Anthro. The salespeople are extremely helpful, the sales rack is large, and the rotating clothing beautiful. Love the kitchen, bathroom & bedroom accessories, as well as the hair accessories and jewelry-- just love it all. If you're shopping for everyday clothes, work clothes, party attire, or anything at all, you can't go wrong with Anthro!!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,9/28/2011,38,19,4,6,4>I moved to Philadelphia from the midwest as a wide eyed 19 year old full of wonder. Yuengling lager was the first beer I've ever truly enjoyed and remains in my top five favorites of all time. Smooth, sweet, cheap, it's like me in a bottle. I love that the bottlecaps can be rusty, I like that the taste varies per batch, I even like its relatively low alcohol content. The tour was pretty great, the British tour woman was funny in a non canned way. She took a shine to my grandpa and was constantly begging him to sell her his hat (signed, sports, I haven't a clue). I was amazed at how close they let you get to the active equipment, I could've spit in the mash and no one would've been the wiser. The whole facility reminded me of St. Pete Catholic High, 50's cinderblock with a residue of toil clinging to the walls. The tasting, that's what you came for right? Fantastic. They were out of Lord Chesterfield, but who drinks that? I "tasted" the shit out of the lager, probably 6 times. It makes sense, the bar is next to the gift shop and I went a bit insane in there. The fact that Dick Yuengling made it a point to hire back the laid off workers after the last closure bumps it up a star. This is a family business, one that deserves support as Inbev has encroached upon everything else.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,9/27/2011,336,610,,6,1>A year ago I wrote a review about the apartments and it's really good that I feel the same way. Of course, every place is not perfect and there are some cons but I still love it here. When I moved in, it was brand new, and no one has ever lived in it. Everytime I go through the gates, I am happy to call this Bright and homey place my home.There are 3 pools with three different temperatures, beautiful nature area, landscapes, pond in the back, and walking trails through out.  Even a playground for the kids and a dog park.I love my view, and 2 balconies.Brand new kitchen with kitchen island, nice counters.HUGE CLOSETS for sure. My hubby and I have tons of clothes.Great size rooms.Place is very quiet.Shopping is down the street on both sides, a couple miles away at the most, and you will be at the bright open aired shops at Wiregrass Mall. .Just a few things on Con list:Parking in my area is not the best bc across from me, there are townhouses where people have garages, but use them as storage and then still take up the parking. There is parking on the side and I just deal with that. Other buildings have much better parking depending on their location.You can tell from seeing the computers in the office area that they are expensive - but the internet makes the computer super slow, and the printer only works on maybe 1 out of 3 computers.They say free wifi around the clubhouse. That has never been the case, I just deal with it but still.Appliances are the cheaper ones. For example., the oven is not self cleaning, and the dish washer is very basic.I have had the bath tub and sink faucet fixed already. I would still really recommend people to see this place. I do love it, places can not be perfect, and I still think this place is close to that.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,9/26/2011,18,65,7,10,8>Finally a place that is hip, alternative and chill.  A hangout/restaurant/bar/art gallery like The Bricks in Tampa is long over due.  And the fact that it is vegan/vegetarian friendly just takes this place over the edge! I discovered The Bricks just walking by one day while out in Ybor.  It was packed.  We stopped in to check it out and were sold on the menu.  Come on?  A Peanut Butter Bar.  Need I say more?  Tonight was date night, and I'm happy to say, both my husband and I have agreed these place is a keeper!  For $24 plus tip, we got an excellent meal that was healthy, light, yet still very filling.  For our appetizer we had chips & salsa.  No frills, but tasty chips and a solid salsa.  My husband had the portabelly which he enjoyed.  I had the goodness on mixed grain bread.  It was delicious.  Also a shout out to the amazing house dressing on the salad.  Yum.For dessert we had the "brickin' nuggets" off the breakfast menu.  WOW! I would have licked the plate if I wasn't in public.  If you are looking for a place with great food, a chill atmosphere, and just the coolest place I've been in Tampa in awhile... then head to The Bricks in Ybor City.  Happy Vegan Dining!Eat well,Carolyn
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,5/12/2014,143,641,,7,2>On a follow up visit we had a terrific meal here!On a very chilly night came into a packed house! Was very glad to see that, they deserve it. Ordered Black and tan which came poorly mixed, which server immediately appologized for an offered to pour me a perfect one. Very nice but not neccessary, the 2nd one came out perfectly poured so no hard feelings there.  Started with the onion rings, lightly fried in almost a tempura batter served with a sweet chili dipping sauce. Then, being uber hungry & cold,ordered the french onion soup. Server sugested we get the soup, salad and bread for $7.99 and split between us, so we did, and it was very good french onion soup. Delicious broth, salad was fresh and green and bread was a nice little multi grain loaf with a garlic butter.Dinner special was duck breast (I'm a sucker for duck) over mashed potatos with vegis. Awesome! Perfectly done,  and the vegis a nice mix, not that basic broccoli cauliflower mix you get everywhere. Dinner companion (and fledgling Yelper) had the beef & guiness pie, served with same yummy vegs, and it too was very good. A nice light flaky crust with a great gravy made this meal a winner too. We also split some fries with gravy and when I say they came out piping hot, I mean piping hot!The chef/owner came over to talk about the food with us . What a nice guy he is! Really puts his heart into the food. They place a nice selection of music here too (the clash, cars etc) so it was great to get nostaligic over that as well.A real neighborhood gem here! Great food and good service makes it worth lots of repeat visits.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,5/11/2014,102,330,3,4,2>It is not easy to review something like Gasparilla. There are so many bells and whistle, so many different components at different times in different places! Questions like are you in a boat, watching the parade on land, at a party watching it, or even in the parade itself.I have only been twice. Both times just watching from land. The first time from bleachers associated with the party we went to. The second time, this time just as one of a huge crowd. Both times I have been pored to be great fun, however I cannot bring myself to give 5 stars because my fiancée grew up in Tampa, went to undergrad in New Orleans. That means she inevitably compares Gasparilla and Mardi Gras. She holds Mardi Gras to such higher esteem that the more corporate, commercial, and regulated Gasparilla is sub par. She even compares it to her high school days when it was truly the AWESOMEST to get a little bit wild. Now don't get me wrong, I did partake in the festivities and screaming and yelling to collect my fair share of beads after drinking some Sailor Jerry's. But I am far less wild compared to my younger days. As mentioned above, there are so many components to Gasparilla. I would like to be on boat one year. There is also the dinner cruise ship that does a Brunch and let's you actually be in the parade. I have heard of many great ways to celebrate Gasparilla, and I can attest to the fact that even though there are more rules now than ever before, it is in great fun to just go down to Bayshore and watch the parade!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,5/10/2014,22,104,2,4,3>SO excited about this place! Having lived in Odessa my entire life there has never been a place to go have a drink so close to home let alone such a quaint pub. For being brand new it definitely has character and it's own vibe. All of the draft beers are brewed in house and tasted great which was very impressive! Last night they had a panini food truck and I believe on other nights they have other food trucks. The best part? The staff and everyone is exceptionally nice! You feel like you've known everyone for years. I can't wait to go back and bring all of my friends!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,5/9/2014,149,551,,5,4>This tiny spot in the backstreets of Downtown Clearwater is a well hidden, carefully concealed, rough cut gem. Upon driving up, we thought we might have to get our food to go it looked so small. However, with a few tables tucked in a corner and three stools at the window, we were happy to eat in!The proprietor was pleased to take our order and even served us a surprise falafel appetizer for free! My kabob was very juicy and went great with seven side dishes! I kid you not! Here they are: Hummus Parsley tomato cucumber salad Baba ganosh Tahini Pita bread Stuffed grape leaf Marinated and grilled eggplantMy wife had shawarma which had a very tasty flavor profile which we still can't and probably never will identify and duplicate. Unfortunately, there was a bit of tin foil hidden in the serving but it didn't stop us from devouring the meal. The prices were more than fair and we were more than full when we left. Don't expect the ritz and enjoy the authentic food. We did!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,5/8/2014,363,244,2,10,8>Stopped in recently for a wash for one of my business vehicles.  For $6 it does a very good job plus you get free unlimited vacuum  use after any paid car wash. They have a deal for first month subscribers for a minimum of $10 per month you get unlimited Express carwashes.  After the first month the price per month is only $20 for express car wash.  Staff is very friendly and there are more than vacuum stations. Check them out at least for the 1st month deal of only $10!  There is no limit to how many times you go!   They are located on 19N about 1 mile north of Gandy / Park Blvd just past Walmart.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,5/7/2014,42,83,4,11,3>Consider my official rating: 4.5 stars.The rating for this company was difficult to make. There were as many pros as there were cons, although some of the cons were out of their control (I was told that our situation was a rare case).PROs:- Exceptional customer service, especially by Gary. - Employees driven by common sense (versus brawn).- Reasonable pricing (quality versus pricing).- Careful handling of all furniture.- Attentive to time.CONs:- Poor punctuality (explained in review).- Management-Employee communication questionable.- Handling of furniture varies between employees (explained in review).- Dress code varies between employees.- Case of article damaged (but well-received in compensation).Recommendation: Yes! Josh K. and Marcus were great movers!Advice: Inquire about who will be moving your furniture; stay calm and friendly and it will be reciprocated. ---On Friday, December 6th, we moved from one apartment on the third floor to another apartment on the second floor. I spoke to Justin, who quoted me at four hours, and sent two guys (Josh K. and Marcus) who were hired to get the job done in hopefully four or less. They were delayed about 45min - 1hr of the time they were originally assigned for - I'm not sure what the whole story was, but someone either called out, and/or they had to find another guy that could drive a stick-shift. But they apologized upon arrival. Josh K. and Marcus came in, looked over what needed to be taken out, and got to work immediately. Boxes and other medium-to-small items were loaded onto the dolley, and then larger items which were wrapped securely in plastic wrap came next. I was impressed with the speed and efficiency of Josh K. and Marcus, I think they did great handling our furniture from the third to first floor with only stairs (what a workout!), and there was a lot of teamwork involved. When everything was loaded into the truck, there was another delay because Josh K. fell ill from heat exhaustion (he was already not feeling well coming in). Although it was unfortunate for him, he was very hard-working and did not stop loading the truck until everything had been moved which I thought was awesome and admirable.The delay took about six hours - yes, I shit you not, six hours - because they had to find a replacement for Josh K. Out of all their employees (idk how many there are), another Josh (J.) drove from Riverview to Largo after his work was finished. This was when things started to slowly go downhill. It was nighttime by the time the truck arrived, and unloading was slower than anticipated. This was my first time hiring movers, so I'm not sure what was supposed to be faster: the loading or unloading - or maybe both considering it was only one flight of stairs. We took it upon ourselves to receive the boxes and whatever furniture we could carry inside in order to speed things along. Less steps, less time used.I noticed that there were sounds of furniture dropping outside but it was long into the evening and therefore difficult to see what was going on. I did observe how Josh J. handled our belongings - namely, my corner workstation and dining table - in comparison to how Marcus handled our belongings. And I guess Josh J. was too hot to keep his shirt on because he took it off and worked in his undershirt. At the end of the move, Josh J. helped us out with pricing given how long everything took, which was very helpful. The day after the move, I noticed the results of those sketchy furniture-dropping sounds: my desk had been damaged. I sent an email regarding damage to my furniture, received a phone call from the owner himself, Gary, who was very kind and was able to come to a very reasonable compromise.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,5/6/2014,40,106,5,8,5>Since my last review (holy crud!) 4 years ago, we've moved to Lenny's and eaten here no less than 50 times (all for breakfast), I swear.  It's ridiculous.  Because of that, I decided that I'm officially an expert on all things Lenny's and that it is my duty to inform you of the awesomeness which is Lenny's.So without further ado - 10 tips to make your breakfast experience the best!1. Get the biscuits and gravy.  This is literally the only gravy outside of my own that I will eat in town.  I've had a lot of sausage gravy, and this one only needs a touch of pepper.2. If you're wanting a full meal and would like to taste the gravy - get a meal and ask for a biscuit instead of your bread, and a side of sausage gravy.  I believe it's $.75 extra, if I recall correctly.3. Get the thick cut bacon. It's amazing.  We fight over it.4. Try the chili omelet.  The chili is slightly sweet, it's not spicy - but that's okay, it's still super tasty.  Get it with American cheese and top the whole thing in Cholula hot sauce (and some Tobasco if you want it hot).5. Not a meat eater?  Try the Portabella Benedict. 6. Like toast?  Get their sourdough. It's a super thick chewy slice of awesome.7. You'll be asked if you want onions on your potatoes, if you do - expect them to be somewhere between browned and caramelized.  None of us are fans.  Some people are.  You could ask for it on the side, it just comes on top.8. Ask for non-dairy creamer if you need it, they have vanilla flavored!9. Look at the ceiling while you wait.10. Enjoy.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,5/5/2014,236,252,1,8,6>I ventured into Parkside Cafe after reading the Yelp reviews. I have yet to try their regular food, but I have had breakfast there 3 times now. I have loved everything I have tried other than their gravy (it is too thin and tastes canned). Their Greek Skillet is really good and probably my favorite thing so far. I like to order it with my eggs over easy so that the yolk runs down into the potatoes, gyro, etc. Sprinkle on some salt and some ketchup. It's SO good. Make sure you order the grilled biscuits as your bread, they are awesome. Their Kielbasa is also delicious! They slice it down the center and grill it. Yum. The Quiche Lorraine is pretty good and I like the fresh fruit it came with. The staff is always friendly and efficient. We have enjoyed our experiences at Parkside Cafe and we will continue to visit.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/4/2014,64,146,4,11,6>YES, YES and YES.  Could not be more thrilled, but this is it folks - this is the place in Tampa to have sashimi and other raw fish deliciousness!  After almost a year and a half of searching, and a lot of oversauced rolls, a 30 min drive led us to Kaisen.  Absolutely 5 stars for Tampa.  I'll be honest, it's likely a 3.5 to 4 star place in major cities, but in Tampa - this is it! All the sushi making is done by a father and son team, so entrees were slow to come out.  We were more than happy to wait though.  Hub got the sushi and sashimi dinner - it's a lot of food!  The "cups" that came with the dinner were filled with unique mixes of fish and sauces.  I had the chirashi and it was wonderful to finally have good sashimi!We will definitely be back.  Highly recommend if sashimi/nigiri is your thing.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,5/3/2014,254,1058,16,25,17>Trader Joe's has finally come to Tampa, and after all of the waiting I can assure you that the store is worth the hype. Yeah, it's gonna be crazy crowded for the next several weeks, but once the initial frothing-at-the-mouth-must-have-cookie-butter mania subsides we still have a pretty phenomenal marketplace located a few blocks south of Kennedy off of Dale Mabry. The store can be found about half a block off of Dale Mabry on Swann Avenue, in a refurbished space that used to house a health club. There is a small parking lot adjacent to the store that holds about 70 vehicles, and once that's full you're on your own to find a space. Many of the enterprising neighbors are renting parking space on their front lawns for $5, or you can park in the lot at the Christ the King Catholic Church about a block away and say a few "Hail Mary's" as you walk back towards Trader Joe's. I would imagine that the parking issue will settle down in a few weeks, and it'll be just like any other business in south Tampa.You'll feel the vibe as soon as you walk through the front doors at Trader Joe's. There are a lot of staff members roaming the aisles, restocking the shelves, answering questions, and helping people find various items -- and they are all laughing, joking, and having a great time. In addition to everything else, this is a FUN place to shop!Down the right side of the store is the produce section with lots of all-natural and organic fruits and vegetables. I picked up a bag of kale greens for $1.99, along with an assortment of mushrooms, leeks, and peppers before moving down to the back right corner. Today they were demo'ing how they manufacture Speculoos cookie butter which is an insanely delicious spread made from crushed cookie biscuits that tastes just like gingerbread. I forced myself to have a sample so I could report on the creamy texture to my good friend, Chris W. After one small spoonful I was saying "OMFG!!!!!" (which means "Goodness but that is mighty tasty, I think I shall have another sample just to be sure")Around the corner and along the back wall are the deli meats, cheeses, dairy, seafood and butcher cases, and after that you start weaving up and down the aisles -- just like a trip to IKEA. You'll find cereals, grains, nuts, breads, pastas, tomato sauces, salsas, chips, cleaning and health & beauty items, pet foods, a big assortment of wines, and their legendary collection of canned, boxed, and frozen entrees. Here are a few examples from today's shopping trip:TJ's brand organic marinara sauce @ $2.29Frozen entrée - Indian Paneer Tikka Masala @ $2.99Frozen entrée - Lamb Vindaloo @ $3.99Frozen fried Japanese-style vegetarian rice with tofu @ $2.99Frozen box of wild salmon burgers (4-count) @ $5.99Frozen Thai Shrimp & Vegetable Gyoza @ $4.79Add to that their legendary Charles Shaw Cabernet Sauvignon and Sauvignon Blanc wines (better known as Two Buck Chuck) @ $2.99 each, some natural cleaning supplies, and a few cartons of their TJ-labeled soup, and I was out the door for under $70.Insanely good prices on lots of healthy food options. Most everything carries their private Trader Joe's label, so don't expect to find the big name brands. You're not paying for brand-name advertising, and so you'll find items that are a lot less expensive. Based on a quick reading of the food labels, they have minimal hidden sugars, salts, preservatives, and other experiments-gone-wrong from your sophomore Organic Chemistry class.The folks working the registers knew that the place was mobbed today, and they helped make the best out of an agonizing situation. One of the cashiers climbed up on a ladder and hollered out "Hey look everyone I can see the end of the line! Wave to me if you're paying attention!!!" and other sorts of silliness. Everyone was so gosh darned friendly that it was tough to feel frustrated even when you stood in line for so long.One word of caution, if you're not fond of screaming children then I would suggest going in the middle of the weekday when the little bambinos are locked away in school and the aisles are cleared of double-wide strollers. Oh, and watch out for roaming food bloggers who feel the need to artfully arrange the products so they can get a better photo while rudely holding up everyone else. Grrrrrrr!!!Bring lots of patience and have fun at Trader Joe's.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,11/10/2011,151,511,3,4,3>I'm torn between wanting everyone to know how awesome I think this place is and wanting to keep it a secret all to myself. Because I only want the best for them, I guess I will share them with you.I've been three times now. I spotted them around the corner while dining down the street and thought the umbrellas were a nice touch. I then found them on Yelp and decided to give them a try. They are a great place to go for lunch. It's a really chill atmosphere, great for a quick lunch meeting. The best part? AMAZING sammies! Making that even better? Great sides to choose from! I highly recommend the side salad. It's not some cheap lettuce thrown together with a bottled dressing. It's greens, almonds, cranberries, cheese, and Italian dressing. A delicious way to get some ruffage in (if you know what I mean).This is what I've had so far: Easy Caprese- a caprese sammie on some delicious bread pressed to perfection. I gobbled up every bit of it.Washington Turkey- apples and cheese with my turkey? yes, please. ON scrumptious bread? yes, please. I've had several sandwiches that try to incorporate cheese and apples. This is by far the best attempt. Again, I gobbled up every last bite.Cuban sandwich- This is my lunch today... like right now... seriously. I don't think that they make it with pulled pork anymore as mine looked sliced, but it was still delicous. With all the rich tasting meats, it tasted kind of like the offspring of the Cuban and Reuban but with the Cuban having the more dominant genes. OK, I guess you just learned I majored in biology. Anyways, very good. I'm fighting to not finish the other half. And the only reason I'm not gobbling it down is because I got a freshly baked slice of their Java banana cake. Sigh- so sinful! This time they topped it with chocolate chips.Yes, their sandwiches aren't the cheapest around but the really are a good price for what you're getting: a made-to-order pressed sammie with quality ingredients and a side included. Besides, they have a loyalty card: every $10 spent you get a punch and after 5 punches you get a $10 gift card. So you get $10 back for every $50 spent!Ladies, beware. Today there was a rather dashing looking fellow with a very nice Irish accent working there. I'm taken, but if you're single I believe his name is Jason and I'm sure you'll know who he is when you walk in :)Finally, try their tropical mango iced tea. So "refreshing" as my friend would say. A perfect treat for any time since we live in Florida.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,11/9/2011,26,116,,7,3>Went on this tour for the second time last week.  They offer both a 4 hour and a 2 hour cruise.  The 4 hour includes dolphin watching, snorkeling around a sunken fort, and an hour long stop at Egmont Key.  The 2 hour is just a trip out to Shell Key along with more dolphin watching of course.Last time we took the 4 hour trip and really loved it.  This time we took my Sister in law on the 2 hour trip due to being rained out of the 4 hour one earlier in the day. The crew is what really makes this charter great and this trip was no exception.  They are funny, knowledgeable, and even more impressive, they promote eco tourism instead of doing whatever it takes to see dolphins.  During our trip we encountered a pod of dolphins with a baby that had to only be a few weeks old.  They took great care to make sure we didn't get too close to them so they would stay around.  They also don't feed the dolphins, chase them or do anything questionable to bring them in. And yet you definitely will see dolphins on every trip.Shell Key was beautiful, but other than scouring for shell bits or sunbathing there isn't a lot to do there.  Personally, I'm content to sit and enjoy the scenery, but if you want something more engaging to look at you definitely want to take the 4 hour charter to Egmont.  See the prior review from Joe C. for details about that cruise.If you're going to take a dolphin cruise while you're in St. Pete, you will have many choices.  Charlie's is not only cheaper, but you will get a much more laid back and still very engaging experience for your money.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,11/8/2011,143,262,6,4,4>Who doesn't LOVE country music?! I know. I know. Almost everyone that I ask that question raises their hand. Well, shame on you!Come get your line dancing on here on Friday nights. $3 Jack Daniels. Not to mention, when they have live bands play, it's only a $15 cover at the door! $10 in advance. Seriously, can you beat a night like that? After about 11 drinks and not being able to turn in circles due to the lack of my sobriety, it's hard to say I left without a HUGE smile on my face. Give it a shot! (pun totally intended)
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,11/7/2011,22,36,1,3,3>Danka To All Who Threw A Great Oktoberfest in Tampa! (Including Yelp for helping me keep my beers cold with the very awesome Yelp Coozies) :) I attended Oktoberfest Saturday night, October 15, 2011.I really had a great time!! After a few pints I was all over the place watching and videoing all of the contests, rooting for people I didn't know that just looked like they fit the part. Heck, I was lined up in the next heat for the women's stein hoisting contest before stein #8 came up missing and the contest was placed on a long hold. I was there on Saturday night - watched an amazing firey sunset over the river and drank some damn good beer. I tried it all, Warsteiner was a sponser and my top faves were the Pilsner, Sam Adams Oktoberfest, and my very most fave was the wheat one, as I called it all night, "The WEE One" :) The location was great! In the grass along the river feeling very far away from traffic and roads. Also, it was a pet friendly event, which is very cool! I originally planned on heading over to the "BLUZ & BBQ" event (that was held at Curtis Hixon park really close by) after a few hours of beer drinking fun, but never made it!!  I was too enamored with the olympic abilites of athletes in the keg toss and tug of war.The costumes were great, I loved the men dressed in Lederhosens, it was a must see!As I truly enjoyed this festival, I feel one improvement would be to work a little harder at keeping it more authentic to the real deal German Oktoberfest - When someone wins a stein holding contest, I feel it would be more appropriate to win a stein. I had a friend win the contest and was given a shirt. That isn't terrible, but come on!! It's Oktoberfest!! Also, during Sunday festivities, I heard from close friends that country music was playing instead of good old German music! However, I cannot vouch for that since Saturday night I was enjoying live german music sang and played like were were in Germany.I can't wait for 2012 Oktoberfest as I will come prepared and limbered up to enter the keg toss and stein hoisting competitions - and to give someone a run for their money!!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,11/6/2011,47,20,4,7,4>This hospital is ridiculously impressive. The amazing patient care provided by the medical staff is only one of a baGillion reasons why you should choose All Children's for your child's medical needs. It's a research hospital, which means that treatments, tests, and procedures are continuously being updated and improved with every newly discovered advancement. The new facility is state of the art, with brand spankin new equipment, and a ton of space. All the patient rooms are private and have ginormous flat screens with interactive programs to keep kids and families informed and entertained. Need I go on? Yes? ok....All employees participate in continuing education and skills development so that your little munchkin gets the best care available. All Children's is also now fully integrated with John Hopkins Medicine (yeah, that really famous one that's annually recognized as THE #1 hospital in the country for the past 31 years!!). It's the first hospital outside of Baltimore/DC that has been integrated with John Hopkins, which says A LOT about the prestigious reputation that ACH has made for itself in the medical world. If you have kids and live in Florida, count yourself lucky to have such an awesome place to receive medical care for your little angel (or devil). :)
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,11/5/2011,21,297,7,6,3>Call my real estate agent. I'm not selling now. I have found kick ass Chinese in Florida.  (Thanks to Yelp.)  Disclosure - if this place was in Boston or New York, I'd give it 4 stars.  But given it's location in the barren wasteland of nothingness in terms of Chinese food, they get the 5th star.Made my first of what will be many visits tonight.  Just as all have said, it doesn't look like anything outstanding from the outside.  Even inside, it's got the cliche faded photo menu. (What is it about Chinese restaurants and those faded lit up photos... makes their food look horrible!?)I had the sweet & sour chicken.  When I asked if I could get something other than an egg roll (not a fan of 'em), I thought I misheard when the only option was a can of soda.  Hmm.  Was hoping for a terriyaki stick or two or maybe a couple rangoon.  But whatever.The fried rice was top notch. The chicken was great. The sauce was tangy.  And the Dr Pepper... was Dr Pepper.  I started texting other transplants from the North as I devoured to let 'em know good Chinese does exist here.Also ordered a side of crab rangood. Solid.  You get 8 for $3.95.As an earlier reviewer said, the portion are enormous.  The meal I had would easily feed 2.  I'm 6'4 and about 260 right now. I gave up 1/2 way through the feast.  I didn't want to.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,11/4/2011,112,118,,1,>Admittedly, I have only had one iced coffee here, but I enjoyed the ambiance so much that I am giving this joint four stars. Housed in a huge, airy space on Snow Circle in perennially-struggling Old Hyde Park Village, Sophie's is kind of a throwback to the late Blackhawk coffee shop that used to occupy a similar space nearby.Sophie's main claim to fame is its furnishings, a nice collection of thrift shop sofas, chairs and tables, all lit up with cast-off chandeliers and funky old lamps. It's all very comfy, and you may fall asleep here if you are so inclined. I have no idea how they afford the rent on this much square-footage. One hint may be the prices which are on the high side: $2.25 for a plain cup of coffee. I thought $1.50 at Starbucks was bad. However, the iced cup I had was good. And they do free refills which makes up a little for the high mark-up. I didn't try the food, but the sandwiches look like they come on very good bread and they appear to be hand-made with care. The soup list looked very interesting, too. Of course, desserts are ample, if priced on the high side.This place may not be around for long. Nothing else has ever survived here. Hyde Park Village is a wasteland of piped in music and no customers, while overstaffed by roving security guards who have nothing to do. If you are looking for a coffee house with a little more panache than Starbucks and even the competing - and similarly over-priced Indigo Coffee across the circle - then give this joint a try the next time you are in that neighborhood.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,11/2/2011,45,49,,3,2>So glad I checked this place out! I've passed this place many times over the years going to school and going home, and I never tried it until now. I only wished I tried it sooner! I ordered a fish taco and a carnitas taco and I LOVED them!Carnitas were perfectly seasoned and tasty, the fish was fried in a tempura batter and so plump. I went with my husband and sister in law and we waited about 10 mins for our food and ate there. It was definitely worth the wait and we were so satisfied with everything, we were already making plans to come back again! =) The man working there was also the manager I believe. We told him it was our first time there and he cooly went over the menu and what the most popular items were. He was very friendly and we will definitely be back! I want to try the shrimp and chorizo taco so bad!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,11/1/2011,391,402,,6,2>While driving on Memorial, I've passed by the produce market a number of times, always going "I should probably shop there". On my most recent trip, I looked more closely and saw that there was a Lebanese restaurant next door. With the dietary restrictions this week, I decided to check them out.They have a good, but limited menu - a selection of salads, typical appetizers like hummus and baba ganoush. The owner pointed to the sandwiches - shish kabobs, pitas and swarmas. I decided to go with the chicken swarma and baba ganoush to go.Just as I was opening the sandwich, I thought to myself "I should have ordered french fries" and as luck would have it - YES! he already put some french fries in the sandwich. This alone has solidified my return.The sandwich as nice and flavorful and the baba ganoush had a nice nutty taste.I regret that I didn't look at the platters as that was what I really wanted, but again, have an excuse to return.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,10/31/2011,2,8,,3,3>I happened to see a little sign for "coffee and tea house, free wi-fi" as I pulled into the S*** chain around the corner.  Felicitous is housed in a former hair salon building that is an old-style Tampa bungalow. It is the perfect setting for an independent coffee and tea house.  I was curious to check it out, as any locally-owned is always preferable to the chains.  I was DELIGHTED to find out that Felicitous sells Big Train Chai!!!   I have not been able to find ANY other place in the Tampa Bay area that sells Big Train, so I was thrilled. The staff were friendly, still learning the ropes but eager to please. The atmosphere is comfortable and homey, with artwork covering the walls and ceilings, and outside seating for (future) open mic events. Although there are 3 "competitors" on Fowler Avenue, I would say there is no competition for Felicitous.  Felicitous provides what the others do not:1. Big Train Chai  yes that's my Number 1 :-)2. Local, student-run atmosphere3. Comfortable setting with local artwork4. Outside seating5. Coffee AND Tea choicesThe others might have coffee but no real tea choices, or they have a sterile, industrial atmosphere, or they don't have outside seating. Not one can match all 5 of my points above.I didn't try the food yet - they have a small menu of sandwich offerings - and of course they have coffee.  I'm a tea drinker, so the Big Train was enough for me, but they also have several very nice tea leaves that I'll be sure to try next time.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,3/2/2014,118,489,3,6,5>I would never have stayed here if not for my twin sister's bachelorette party being here after what my girl Kelleigh had to say, but I had no choice. I went in with low expectations, but was very pleasantly surprised. Friends were able to arrive early and decorate the rooms. The staff carried luggage up for each one of us upon arrival, and acknowledged us each time we left or re-entered the lobby. Even housekeeping was sweet! Our ice bucket boy was pretty hot, there was a Robert Stark there (just like in Game of Thrones!) and we did meet Susan as well. They were all big parts of our weekend and I'm thankful. Susan delivered 12 late night sammiches up to our room nightly before everyone came back from the clubs starving. It seemed that the Canopy staff holding our cabana along with dinner service and room steward were all in the know regarding our itinerary to and from, and were waiting for us at each event. We were walked from dinner by the server to the Canopy doorman at the elevator and from there to our Canopy cabana. Felt pretty VIP to me! One night I had a bad allergy attack and was able to enjoy the easy to function remote control and watch movies all night in the warmth of a plush feather bed. So warm in the winter! The rooms were chic, with a hot pink bathroom and lion claw tub that I could have spent the rest of my life in. The cabanas had heaters at top center too thank goodness! The happy hour 3.00 wines were even impressive, I could find no complaints! See my review for The Birch and Vine! I love this place!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,3/1/2014,56,117,5,7,6>This was a very surprising find.  A gem really.  This place isn't on my normal drag of central avenue.  So I was quite pleased to find that this is a very cool looking restaurant and bar with a good beer selection and fine food.  It seems that they also have some excellent specials.  On tuesdays they have have $3 drafts.  On Wednesday they have a special for $8 for a burger, fries and a beer.  Their burger was very good.  The bun was fresh and a little crusty.  The meat was well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The fries are waffle fries and well seasoned.  And they have a selection of beers that is diverse and unusual.  In fact, I haven't seen a number of these beers before which is a real pleasure and real rarity for me as I get around to most of the breweries and brewpubs in town.  I was very happy to see the selection.  I also had some chili cheese fries as an app.  It was one of the best cheese fries I have ever had.And the service was excellent.  And for desert, there is a bakery and coffee shop next door.  And the bartender says that the pastries are made fresh in house.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,2/28/2014,54,123,,9,7>Wow, wow, wow....if only I had known this little gem of a pizza place was right up the road from my apartment. Ive wasted so much time ordering from domino's across the street, but now I know better. Best NY style pizza ive had since....well, the pizza I had in New york! I ordered a very simple cheese pizza and garlic knots, but the flavor blew me away. The crust/dough on the pizza is definitely quality and not styrofoam crap(ie: pizza hut crust) the pizza wasnt too greasy and I love how they are very generous with the cheese. I dont think they deliver outside of the area, so you have to live pretty close to do that. But honestly, next time I want to just go there. They do pizza by the slice which would be cheaper and more convenient for my boyfriend and I. It ended up being 23$ with the delivery but thats the total(including tip) so a little pricey for cheese pizza and knots. I cant wait to go dine in. Alfonso's is officially my favorite pizza in Tampa bay(so far). :)
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,2/27/2014,167,342,7,6,6>Taco Son: Hola... is it me you're looking for?Cece: Yes!!!! Yes!!!! *cries with happiness*After a long hiatus, I rediscovered this place. The food is so good. I was honestly not a huge fan of Mexican food until I discovered the difference between actual Mexican food and Tex Mex. The real thing is so much better, and Taco Son has got it. They even have a drive thru where you can get your grub to go... and still freshly made.When in doubt, order a burrito. Or tacos. Or chips con queso. It's all great, and you won't be disappointed.Oh and the horchata is much better than Taco Bus. It's motivated me to try making my own with extra cinnamon like they do. Yum!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,2/26/2014,68,285,7,8,7>All praise be unto my girlfriend for suggesting this place.  And any remaining praise be unto the geniuses who wrote this menu.  If there be praise remaining, I'll take it just for the hell of it.What a restaurant.  Doesn't really look like much on the outside.  Inside, it looks like an upscale gastropub - relaxing, trendy, though perhaps a bit crowded.  And while I like it on the inside, you come here for the food.I was actually upset at first - kind of like a kid with too many choices.  You want it all, but you know you can't have it.  And its depressing because you don't know where to begin and know you're not going to be able to come back every day to try more.  I could, and I should, list the entire menu here, but you can look on their website.  And please, go ahead.  Take a minute.  Go to the website.  Read the menu.  Then, after you short your computer from drooling in the keyboard, go buy a new computer and come back.  Go ahead.  I'll wait.Welcome back.  Anyway, I went with a new menu item (though I suppose to me, they were all new) - the Porkshank Redemption - pork shank, buffalo trace maple bourbon glaze served with garlic mascarpone mashed potatoes.  I could have recited a beautiful sonnet after the first bite and made angels cry.  Everything about this was delicious.  Meat fell off the bone, the glaze was superb, the mashed potatoes were soft and creamy and delicious.  I couldn't get enough.I also tried one of their signature cocktails - the bobby boucher, made with overproof bourbon, sweet vermouth, benedictine, and cherry herring liqueur.  I don't know what most of that is, but my taste buds did not care because they came alive!The menus at Datz have something for everyone, and if I am wrong about that, I couldn't care less, because they have a lot for me.  Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Datz (I assume that's your name) for bringing your goodness to Tampa, but seriously, I hate you for not having a Sarasota location for the 6 years I lived there.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,2/25/2014,141,264,4,7,6>First time visiting Oxford Exchange. Loved the eclectic book store with such vast and well thought out collections from the classics (think 7th grade required readings) to the retro like a collection of Jack Kerouac-On the Road.  The ambiance is hip and not your typical dining venue. Lots of comfy seating all around the coffee and tea bar. Inviting space to lounge around aka creative loafing. We made reservations for 12:30 and having read reviews about this place packing out, we arrived early. After perusing the pottery barn style gift shop, decided to see if we could get seated early. Even though it was quite busy, we lucked out and got seated right away. Service was great. No problems at all. Couldn't decide between coffee or tea as I'm a fan of both but salted caramel tea latte caught my eye and it was sweet and yummy!  I ordered the lobster Blt and gave the b to hubster as I gave up meat several years ago. Lots of sweet tasting lobster along with an overly generous portion of sweet potato fries. The menu called it spicy but the only spice I detected was salt. Hubster got the club and substituted the turkey for ham. Was huge and he enjoyed every bite. This place has huge ceilings and two sections to the restaurant. A very hip looking atrium with the Florida sun beaming through. We were seated right next to it. I believe it is a retractable roof and wonder why it wasn't opened as it was a beautiful San Diego type of weather day. Probably too cold for the typical Floridian who tend to chill when it is below 70. Having owned a coffee house, I had to try the buddy brew latte. A nice flavor but pricey. Will definitely return to try out their hummus wrap and breakfast.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,2/24/2014,34,143,2,7,3>This is a review of two recent visits.  It is a beautiful restaurant and it's aesthetic suits me because my alma mater is the University of Texas in Austin. Firstly, we ventured out on a Friday night and were immediately seated.  We both loved the hot bread that they serve as you ponder the menu.  I ordered the ribeye and my partner ordered the small prime rib, both medium rare.  We also opted for an order of the roasted Merlot mushrooms.  In a word, both of the steaks were cooked perfectly.  The mushrooms were a wonderful accompaniment..they were not too salty nor had the flavor of Lipton's onion soup mix like at Outback.Our second visit was this last Saturday for lunch.  We ordered Steakhouse burgers with cheddar, cooked medium and an order of the Texas Tonions(see photo).  OMG!  In the world of $10 hamburgers, these were great.  They were cooked perfectly.  We love us some fried onion thingies and these were awesome but expensive.Overall, I was pleasantly surprised on how good the food, service and experience was.  The manager came over to our table to inquire on how our meals were.  As far as chain steak restaurants go, this one scored major points.  It's kind of tricky to get to on the southwest corner of US 19 and East Bay but be brave!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,2/23/2014,16,73,2,7,3>When I am going to a hockey game, Hattricks is my must stop restaurant downtown.The food here is amazing. I love the soft pretzel stick appetizer. It comes with three sauces, one of which, the spice mustard, will blow your mind. The rest of their menus is great. By far the best part of the menu is the wings. They have great traditional wings, and serve them in a great sauce. They do great specials on wings, and you get a ton for the price.The drink specials here also aren't bad, especially considering that they could probably overcharge a bit since everyone is drinking before the hockey games.Probably the one complaint that anyone who eats here could possibly have is the seating. Seating is limited, and when you come in, there is no hostess. On game days, this can lead to you standing in the middle of the restaurant, making a run for the next table, and hoping the three or four other groups waiting don't beat you to it. I suggest getting here as early as possible, just to avoid the problem.Over all though, if you need a place to grab a quick bite both before or after the game, make Hattricks your number one priority.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,2/22/2014,117,304,6,9,5>Rather than deduct a star for the horrifyingly cheesy and bizarre Christian themes at this display, I add one.Hell, this place is a psychedelic nightmare covered in angelic vomit! Where to start? The TV mounted on the roof playing a loop of televangelist preaching? The forest of impaled teddy bears? Scary dolls straight out of a horror story?  You have to see this to believe it!Be prepared to wait in an almost hour-long line. The best time to come is between 9-930pm when most family groups have already come and gone. Might only be 20 minutes at that time.Far from "glorifying Jesus", in my opinion this display serves to make one terrified of Him. Which to me is pretty amazing.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,2/21/2014,112,118,1,8,4>Oh wow, another new craft beer taphouse in St. Pete!  Um, well, yeah, yeah, the city is getting overrun with these places, and maybe the bubble will burst this year. But until then, the new Flying Pig Taphouse merits a visit. What makes it different from, oh, World of Beer, Brass Tap, or even the new Green Bench Brewing just down the street?Well, it's not trying to be corporate. It's not brewing up its own drafts. It's not over-priced. It's not full of 23-year-olds, not yet, anyway.So what is it? It's big. It's one of the biggest spaces for one of these places I've seen, so you won't be bumping elbows if you don't want to. It's attractively laid out in one long room, with big windows opening onto upper Central Ave, beyond the Trop. It has a very nice rail of interesting taps, at least the night I was there for the soft opening. They also have quite a bit of wine, though why you would go to a taphouse for wine baffles me. Ask the ladies, I guess.Its prices are not pushing much beyond $6 a pint, with many priced below that, which is a major plus, if you are getting a little sick of over-paying for high-alcohol craft beer. Me, me me?It's not very noisy. In fact, it's pretty quiet if you want to have a convo with someone. They are planning food, and maybe live music, if they can sneak it past the persnickety residents of the condos upstairs. And there is an outdoor courtyard coming soon, we are told.Worth a trip to check it out. It could become a favorite.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,12/12/2011,9,3,,3,3>With not much experience with Peruvian food, I was not sure what to expect. Although after taking a look through the dinner menu, I sure had an idea of what I wanted to order.We started with a few Entradas - Papa a la Huancaina, Terra Sur Calamari and Causa de Pollo. Out of the three, I have to say I enjoyed the latter the best. The calamari was good, not the best I've ever had, and it was so large it looked more like onion rings.Then we ordered some main dishes, which turned out to be my favorite part of the meal. Between the Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron, Anticuchos de Carne and Paella, I couldn't decide what was the best. The Ceviche was delicious, the steak was seasoned perfectly and the Paella was one of the best I've ever had.The atmosphere was quiet and more quaint, so probably not the best place to take a large group, but I was in a small group of 4, so it worked well. There was a lot of cool art on the walls, so interesting to look around, but also had an authentic Peruvian feel, which was a nice change from some of my regular haunts. Terra Sur is also a bit off the beaten path, so if you're not looking for it, it may be hard to find without a recommendation.I'll be back for future visits I'm sure as there are a number of other menu items I'd like to try.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,12/11/2011,204,405,2,9,5>Gotta love Yelp. You wake up with a hankerin' for pho, but don't want to drive 30 minutes to your favorite place.  A quick Yelp search  says "Hey, there's a Vietnamese place 5 minutes away, why haven't you been going there all these years, Noodle Boy?"Asian Market is in a narrow storefront maybe 15-20' wide in a plaza right on Hwy 19 N, with 20 seats arranged at the front, and grocery items running down the left wall the entire depth of the building.   But what Asian Market lacks in space, it makes up for in a fairly solid selection of Asian grocery items, a condensed menu of Asian dishes made -to-order, super friendly staff, and spotlessly clean interior.Since there's no website for a menu, here you go: App rolls include veggie/spring/summer/grilled pork or chicken/edamame and beef dumplings.   They have 5 salads (house, cucumber, squid, seaweed, baby octopus), and both pho and udom soups (soups are ~$7).  Their 3 sandwiches include the popular banh mi, grilled pork/chicken for ~$5-6.   Vermicelli (thin rice noodles known as "bún" in Vietnamese cuisine) can be had in 5 styles (spring rolls, grilled pork/chcken/shrimp and fried tofu) along with carrots, lettuce, bean sprouts, cucumbers, fresh herbs, crushed peanuts, and fried shallots with a special house sauce (~$7).   And you can wash all of that down with one of their bubble teas ($4), which are popular all over Asia.  Asian market has them in a variety of 18 different tea/coffee/fruit flavors, available in temps from hot to ice/slushy.   They also have a cooler of canned/bottled drinks/water.But I came for the pho, and after the smiling young lady took my order at the counter, I entertained myself by checking out the long row of shelves with Asian goodies on them.  Every few months I usually drive over the bay to Oceanic Market in Tampa for my Asian groceries as they have a huge selection.  But I'm sure I'll be saving a lot of time by hitting Asian market for the basics and their surprisingly healthy amount of sauces and condiments.  I'd estimate Asian Market has about 75 lateral shelf feet just of sauces/condiments, which includes about every kind I've ever gone to Oceanic for.After taking a good 10 minutes just to read the rows and rows of sauce/condiment labels, I knew it was a good sign they were making my pho fresh-to-order.  After a few more minutes the young lady delivered it to my table, and my nose picked up the aromatics of fresh herbs and spices in the huge bowl from 5 feet away, and it smelled great.   This pho had a well seasoned beef broth filled with rice noodles, a few shallots, a healthy amount of green onions and other greens, thin slices of well-done beef  and some small slices/chunks from something in links I never quite identified....I could have done without that addition as I found the chunks bland with very little flavor or mouth feel.  On the side was a small plate with thin slices of chili peppers and a lime wedge.   The pho flavors were balanced and well-rounded, with the herbs carrying the heavy lifting.  After tossing in a few chili pepper slices and some sriracha to add some heat, it was quite good for my tastes. Considering the big bowl could have fed two people, it was a good value as well.Considering this pho is being served up in a humble grocery store and not a full-fledged restaurant, I thought it was a good example of the magic blend all of pho's ingredients.   Add that it's so convenient to me, and I'm glad Yelp led me to this find.  I'll definitely be trying out some bun/vermicelli on my next trip.Atmosphere:  3Service:  4Food:  4Value:  4Update   9/26/12:Stopped by today for some cool summer rolls on a warm afternoon...delicious!  Shrimp, noodles, carrots, cucumbers and lettuce with a delicious peanut sauce (see pic).
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2011,12/10/2011,206,772,2,3,2>Some of the best Italian food in Tampa!  I would go more often, but carbs seem to go straight to my hips so I can only occasionally indulge.  During my last visit I had the Caprese Salad and the Ravioli Bolognese - both delicious!  The dessert menu is divine... I love the tiramisu and creme brulee so I prefer to split the sampler which includes a trio of flourless chocolate cake, tiramisu and creme brulee.Parking is a pain in Ybor, I recommend parking in the garage.  The half priced pasta from 4-7pm and $2 martinis ease the pain of paying for parking!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,12/9/2011,1337,1224,1,3,2>There are a few froyo places popping up on North Dale Mabry these days.  I have almost stopped buying self-serve froyo because I always spend almost $8.00 on a cup of yogurt.  That just seems wrong to me.  However, when I go to The Yogurt Spot I only end up spending about $3.50 max.  I could get used to this!They have both tart and sweet flavors.  My favorite flavors are taro, plain tart, and blueberry.  Toppings can get fairly exotic like rainbow colored mochi, and their mini gummi bears.  The gummi bears are mixed flavors, and I like to pick out the delicious honeydew bears. I have yet to find bears like this anywhere else.This place is what I would refer to as a "yogurt bar" where seating is limited.  So most customers like to sit out front at the covered tables and relax.  They are not a wifi hotspot, and they have a flat screen TV that was not on.  Their cups advertise that they cater froyo to any size event.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,12/8/2011,91,330,6,8,5>ENERGY, VIBE, and SERIVE here rocks!!! Sushi is normal but still yummy.I've passed this restaurant at various hours to see crowds waiting outside. I've heard the name in the newspaper several times-- now it was my turn to experience.For a stand-alone sushi restaurant, this place is small... but full of personality! A crowded sushi bar dominated the right side with a collection of small tables on the left. Somehow the place has held groups of 4+... but the crowds never got annoying.How are all the servers so good looking? Despite the craziness, the servers have been all smiles and attentive. Water low? Magic refill! Cold sake? Mmm. The servers know where their tips lay.Like the name, two menus are served. One with a focus on Thai and the other on Japanese. We ate the sushi. My food slave (who's mission is to eat every Mexican roll created) decided that  Hook's version was more expensive than his other tests... but tasted better. (I thought the prices were reasonable) On the other rolls, any sauces and extras overpowered the fish simplicity of the sushi-- tasted good, but I prefer simple. The sweet cream cheese overtook all other flavors in my Tampa roll. I like the weekend vibe of the place. Very noisy and upbeat. Don't bring your first date or grandma here. The decor inside is not a typical, snobby sushi place. I felt like I could see the beach out the windows.PYRA-DANNY: Since Keiko's Sushi in Clearwater is ending it's cool vibe... I'm jumping ship and going here. I can live with the extra flavors
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,12/7/2011,16,8,4,8,5>I love this place. Best everything. Be warned some of the items are more for the real Vietnamese folks. I get here early for breakfast and the pho couldn't make a better breakfast. Prices and good enough you could eat here everyday and not be set back by it. The staff is great once they warm up to you. I've made the mistake of trying to order something that the white boys don't normally get and they are very nice and politely corrected me before disaster. lol. I mean who wants to eat a pork skin sandwich? not this guy, but it all gets lost in translation for me. veggies could be a little fresher, but the star is the Banh Mi and the Pho. Boba smoothies are good too. Try some of the "appetizers" laid out on the counter as you walk in. A couple things are a little (well a lot) foreign. but nothing too strange. Oh if only they sold Beer I'd be here everyday. Who am i kidding? I'm there every other day at least. Enjoy!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,12/6/2011,28,6,2,5,5>I absolutely love this salon! As a self professed beauty dummy, the staff at this salon has taught me everything I didn't think I could learn about my hair; from blow dryer basics, which styling tools work the best, which products work and which are a waste of money. I am finally using a "real" shampoo and (as much as I am embarrassed to admit) I can REALLY tell a difference. This is a Redken salon and the owner is a world traveling Redken trainer...he is phenomenal! Becka is amazing and is also incredibly accommodating with scheduling. Having been to 5 or 6 salons in South Tampa, I have to say I truly think this is the friendliest, with the most knowledgeable staff.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,12/5/2011,17,39,,5,3>Wonderful, creative, delicious, elegant. These are my choice adjectives for Red Mesa cantina. You definitely want to go in M-F before 5:45pm to catch the sunset menu. It includes a choice of sangria, margarita or beer, chips & salsa, choice of entree, AND DESSERT for just $14 per person. In this economy, this is by far the best value for such amazing food. There are about 10 options on the sunset menu, and I have only had 3, but plan on trying every one. The Enchilladas Rez are tender shredded beef enchiladas in soft corn tortillas with homemade tomatillo sauce. The portions are the perfect size. The meat was super tender and the sauce had incredible flavor. So far, my favorite is the Snapper al Tara. The snapper is only about 5 ounces, but is grilled to perfection. Caramelized on the outside but flaky and juicy in the middle. It is topped with a delicious mango chipotle sauce. YUM!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2011,12/4/2011,12,28,,2,2>I am a huge burger fan and was very excited when Square One opened in Tampa.  Finally tried it and must say that I'm a fan!  I had the lamb burger which was cooked to perfection, wonderfully seasoned and definitely satisfied my craving.  The fries left much to be desired though.  We tried the spicy eggrolls as an appetizer and they were just ok.  They were not spicy at all and the bbq inside didn't have much flavor.  I was thoroughly impressed by the drink menu considering it is a burger joint after all.  I ordered the Jazz Fresh which was awesome!  Extremely refreshing with just the right amount of alcohol.  Really complemented my lamb burger.  Others at the table enjoyed their food but there wasn't really a "wow factor" for any of us.  The two who ordered the All American burger said they were fine but they've had better.  Not much seasoning on nor flavor to the meat.  The fourth person ordered the bacon cheeseburger and said it was good but nothing to write home about.  All in all, I enjoyed the atmosphere, the drink selection and the food.  I will definitely return and try something different every time off of their impressively extensive menu.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,12/3/2011,104,109,,2,2>I love this neighborhood restaurant and it's worth the drive for those that live outside of Westchase.  Ladies Nights on Wednesdays means Bottomless Wine Glasses for the females. And it's a great deal, as this is not the "cheap" house wine --  every month the owner chooses a different vineyard to feature and he picks quality wines.  I'm borderline obsessed with their blue cheese mussels appetizer -- the wine sauce they come in with bacon and spinach is amazing. Other favorites are Caribbean chicken, so yummy with sundried tomatoes and goat cheese, Carribean shrimp scampi is delicious too. The Chilean sea bass is out of this world. The sushi is basic but fresh and nicely presented, and on Tuesdays they have $2.99 rolls until 7:00. Friendly staff (Donnie is an excellent server!) and really nice patio seating, too!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,9/29/2013,363,244,,7,3>I found this place on Yelp ( where else) and even though it was a bit of a drive from me I figured I would give it a shot. I was a bit apprehensive on account of where its located, its kinda borderline $$ area and figured the prices would be reflective of that.However not the case at all , prices here are CHEAP! and the produce is high quality, great selection , well organized and super friendly people.I recently hopped on the Juice craze bandwagon so I have been looking for places where I can find cheap fruit and veggies without having to go to Whole Foods and spend $6 a pound on apples so I am glad I have gave them a try!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,9/28/2013,73,57,5,4,4>I have been looking for a place that had the kind of authentic, hole in the wall, Mexican food i have been craving since I move to Tampa from Memphis. My hope were exceeded at this ownderful establishment. I had the best torta I have EVER had, it was so huge, I can't even believe it made it into my stomach. And the tacos were amazing as well. I can say without a doubt I will be back... I hate to say it, but they blew Taco Bus out of the water for me... and I know there is some history there, but I prefer to stay blissfully ignorant and enjoy the wonderful torta! I need a reason to get back out here soon and ease my cravings! Holy yum.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,9/27/2013,30,36,3,2,4>What can I say that hasn't already been said? Better than I could say it? This place is like a hipster's daydream and since I am a make-believe hipster It. Was. Grand.A friend and I just stopped in for some tea, quiet conversation and must-have-in-my-home ideas in between wistful dreaming about handsome leather couches with giant feather pillows and blue-gray Turkish towels draped over everything. If you love fun varieties of loose-leaf tea in pretty teapots or chock full of ice for a refreshing cool-down then this is the place for you. We had Lavender Earl Grey and Strawberry Mint Julep (both iced, both delicious).If you happen to stand at that tea bar and see an unassuming tier of pastel colored macaroons then, my goodness, just order two in raspberry and understand what a cloud would taste like if it were filled with fruit and cream and melting in your mouth.I would go back here on a regular basis if I lived closer. I may go back regularly even though I don't live closer. There are just so many other things here that I need to discover.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,9/26/2013,84,144,5,11,4>"What's that place?" was my reaction when I saw the sign for Banyan Cafe as I drove by it last week. A short search on Yelp reveals that Banyan Cafe & Catering is a highly rated,  relatively new (1 yr old) restaurant with excellent coffee drinks, homemade scones, and a small breakfast and lunch menu. Just 2 days later my bf and I found ourselves sitting at one of the tables on the sidewalk in front of the cafe, taking in the scenery and enjoying our breakfast.This is how to proceed at Banyan: find a table then grab a menu, know what you want, walk up to the counter, place your order, tell the cashier where you're sitting, someone will bring your items to you once they're ready. Food items are listed on paper menu placed near the cash register and coffee drinks are listed on the wall.Since my discovery of Banyan just a week ago, my bf and I have been there twice. We've tried the Sauteed spinach, Scrambled eggs, Queso seco Breakfast Burrito (ordered both times by the bf because it is that good), Grits with 2 Poached eggs, Crispy bacon, Creamed spinach (ordered by me because I'm a huge fan of grits, and this grits did not let me down). Double Cappuccino (delicious), and Iced salted caramel latte (3 orders in 2 visits because, as the server put it, "It will change your life", and she did not lie).Give Banyan a try next time you're in the neighborhood, but remember that it only opens for breakfast and lunch.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,9/25/2013,122,284,2,5,2>So I'll preface this review with the fact that I don't like sushi, no matter how many times my friends have had me try it, but I will always give a restaurant the benefit of the doubt.  My friends are very keen on this place and I decided to stop by with a friend one Saturday night with the stipulation that they also serve some non-sushi items.  We were there pretty late and I wasn't surprised that they didn't have many customers other than our table and a couple of others.  There seemed to be a large staff willing to wait on customers and I'm not sure if they were just scheduled or we may have caught them between shifts.  Our server ended up being very attentive and came by our table with instructions to hit the button for service many times before we placed our orders.  I ended up going with a Korean BBQ dish featuring Pork.  Not knowing what to expect, I was pleasantly surprised when it came out sizzling.  The food was pretty good for my first experience here and my friend also enjoyed her regular sushi offerings on our visit.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,9/24/2013,87,211,,9,4>I love the Hyde Park CineBistro - it's an affordable treat!   During the summer, I'm here almost every Sunday, because it's a perfect atmosphere to relax and beat the heat.Yes, it is more expensive than a regular movie theater - but that's due to all the benefits above and beyond a standard move theater:  food and bar service, big comfortable leather chairs, no one under 21 years of age admitted, and you can reserve your seats ahead of time.After going here so many times, these are food dishes I like best: hamburger, veggie burger, chicken sandwich, and blackened snapper sandwich.  Especially if you get them with their sweet potato fries, which are excellent.  Servers are all very efficient, and they automatically add 17% on to your bill - which I'm fine with since the servers are up-front about it.Join the CineBistro Club (for free), and they will swipe your card every visit - thus far I've had 2 free movie tickets, free popcorn, free candy, and a free appetizer.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,9/23/2013,104,138,1,6,5>I really enjoyed the theme of this restaurant. I went here for brunch with some friends and we weren't disappointed. As you can tell from the name, the restaurant has a "flight" theme. There are propellers all over the place, the restrooms look like restrooms in an airport and on the ceiling, there is even a plane made out of lights! The best part of the decor was the clocks they had by the kitchen. It had the current time, London, Tokyo, and then a clock that said Somewhere and it was stuck at 5:00. It made me laugh:-)They had great special on Bloody Marys and Mimosas. When you order a Bloody Mary, they basically put vodka in the glass and you make it entirely yourself at the Bloody Mary bar. I really enjoyed the fact that you can make your drinks exactly the way you wanted it. They had a ton of fixins' and all the spices you could ever dream of to make your drink perfect! The mimosas were only about $3.45.While we are on the note of prices, the prices were something that my friends and I couldn't understand. They were weird like, $3.23, $8.45 etc... At first we thought maybe they were flight times, then we thought, maybe they were types of airplanes, turns out it all has to do with Michael Jordan lol. The owner really likes Michael Jordan and every price has to do with something about his life.  This is a completely random fact about the place but I really appreciate the fact that the owner opened this place, loves Michael Jordan and thought " my place, my rules" and has a little tribute to his hero. Good for you man, good for you. I ordered just the scrambled eggs and bacon and I enjoyed my meal. My friend's meal still wasn't out 10 minutes after ours had come out and the manager came over and comped her next drink and apologized. Let me just say I really appreciated this. That's the way you get return customers!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,9/22/2013,263,174,4,9,2>Just wanted to come back to this listing to write an update about our moving experience. These guys were amazing! Our movers were Tyrell, Josh, Alex, and Gary and they were awesome. We had about 3 kazillion boxes (rounding down) not to mention many pieces of large furniture and one European king size bed that required disassembly and reassembly. Tyrell and his crew handled it like true professionals. I was in awe of them tirelessly making a thousand trips up and down the stairs of our elevated home with those HEAVY boxes and furniture. All of the furniture was completely padded and wrapped and everything arrived safely at our new home. They even went beyond their job descriptions, helping us out with some issues with the pool pump at our new house! I would definitely recommend Brothers EZ Moving to my friends! Thanks guys.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,9/21/2013,60,111,,7,4>The interior at Sushi Wave is cool, blue, and modern.  All ordering is done through a tablet, which was super easy to use.  The pictures and descriptions were helpful.  All of the rolls we tried were delicious.  My favorites were The Wave (snow crab mix, avocado,  and cucumber topped with cubed Tuna and Salmon drizzled with house specialty sauce), The Tuna Crunch (flash fried roll with tuna, cream cheese, and asparagus) and The Electric Eel (crab, cucumber, cream cheese, topped  with avocado and broiled eel with eel sauce and tempura flakes.)  Lychee sake and Fried Cheesecake rounded out my meal.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,9/20/2013,81,138,,17,2>I saw the mixed reviews on here and wanted to throw in that I really, truly enjoyed this place. It's a shame that it appears to be hit and miss. The night I ate there was a definite hit.The decor of Catrina's is eclectic and features lovely art that you'd see at any place celebrating Dia de los Muertos. I'm a fan of the skulls and bright colors but I get that it wouldn't be everyone's cup of tea. I ate here by myself so I only have one meal to base this review on but that one meal was delicious! Upon being seated you are given a warm basket of chicharones. These are not "pork rinds" but a flour chicharone in the shape of a wagon wheel. They are a fried flour that comes out crispy and are seasoned with a little salt and a little lime. The are strangely addicting and totally worth trying the place out for these alone because they have such a unique flavor. I ordered the tamales because I consider myself a tamale conisseur and I was not let down. The mole sauce was perfect mixed with the pork and cornmeal. They were warm and the portion was awesome! More than enough! The side of rice and beans were also delicious and everything tasted very authentic. Bottom line: if you're looking for Tex-Mex and gobs of melted cheese on everything, this isn't the place. This is authentic Mexican and it's quite delicious. I hope this place stays around a bit longer but the other reviews on here give me some concern. I'll go back again and do my part!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,6/21/2012,58,150,1,3,1>A family owned restaurant that was evident when two little boys tried walking me through the menu when mom and dad were busy helping other customers. There is a reason they won awards for their ribs. They are delicious, perfectly smoked with the right bit of flavor, and falling off the bone. A side of corn seemed small, or I just wanted more! They were nice and buttery. Cole slaw was good and the meal came with a dinner roll. They have their own sauces and I suggest trying them all! The place is small and they run out of tables during prime hours but they do have a few tables outside if weather permits. They have a sign outside that says they smoke their own corn beef. I will have to go back for that!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,6/20/2012,4,27,3,6,3>Being from South Jersey, I grew up on steak sandwiches. Being in Florida it's so hard to really find that taste of home. My mom's family is all from Philly. I even had an aunt who worked at Tastykake. I found that many of the stores are now selling the basics, such as Tastykake butterscotch krimpets and Taylor porkroll. But I would always have to wait until a visit up north to get all the other varieties of Tastykakes.A friend recommended Delcos to me. I have to say, it was like stepping back in time. The entire place reminded me of home. From the huge Flyers banner to all the Phillies memorabilia. It made me remember going to the 1980 World Series with my dad. And what a selection of Tastykakes they had. I didn't know where to start.I will be back, and back again, and then back from some more.My one word of caution. Head the reviews from others. You must specify your cheese, type of peppers and if you want onions. This place is good, but your not standing on the street telling Joey Vento (god rest his sole) you want "one with".Also, bring cash! They don't take credit cards. While I love the reminiscence of my childhood, thinking that was Jim Gardner on the TV, we do live in 2012. So Delcos, accept my Visa and you get more stars than there are feathers on New Years Day during the Mummers parade.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,6/19/2012,98,216,1,2,3>If you've never been or haven't been in a while you need to GO!!  St Pete Bagel is in the opposite direction of everywhere in town I need to be, but that has not stopped me from going because it is so good!  The bagels (I love the pumpernickel everything) are kosher and so tasty, they do not need to be toasted.  They offer many toppings and don't scrimp.  They've added donuts which are like no other I've ever seen or tasted - a treat like no other.  My office mates beg me to bring in breakfast.  Plus they are LocalShops1 members so I get a discount when I flash my LocalShops1 card.  They also have lots of coffee options and serve sandwich's at lunch time.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,6/18/2012,24,36,1,5,3>Wanted to try PDQ since I heard about one opening in Tampa, glad they made it out to Pasco!  My wife and I visited PDQ on Sunday at lunch time, and it was packed since this was only their second weekend open.  I expected a long wait to order since the line was almost to the door, but it moved fairly quickly.  Wife and friend ordered chicken salads, I got a grilled chicken sandwich, my 3.5 year old got the chicken tenders. While we waited for our orders, we went to make our drinks where they have those cool "flavor your own Coke" machines.  It took a little while to get drinks because each person takes about 30 seconds to make their selections, but I imagine the wait will be less once this place isn't brand new.  I actually opted for an iced green tea/sweet tea mix instead of a Coke product, but still had to wait to get ice from the machine.  No big deal.I swear it took them no longer than 3 minutes to have our orders ready, they called our names over a nice loud speaker to let us know the order was up, and we found some seating surprisingly quickly with how crowded it was.  On my way to sit down, a PDQ employee noticed I was carrying my baby daughter in a car seat, so he went and got me a car seat stand, so that was great (and appreciated) service.My chicken sandwich was fine and dandy, and the fries were even better...reminded me of Five Guys, but a bit crispier and a little smaller cut.  My wife thought her salad was "fine", not bad, but nothing to write home about.  My son's tenders tasted nice and fresh (yeah I stole a bite or two), not overly salty like most places.  All-in-all a nice experience and I'd definitely eat here again due to the great service and reasonable pricing.  I'd choose PDQ over Chick-Fil-A if I had to.Tidbits:They have at least 2 large flat panel TVs where they had sports stations on, great for me.  Also, there is a good amount of outdoor seating with some water misting if that's your thing....a little hot this time of year for me personally.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,6/17/2012,0,44,,2,1>We went to the Palm on Saturday night specifically for their Summer Lobster special.  It could not be beat.  $99.00 for a four pound lobster dinner for two.It included two starters and two sides as well as the broiled lobster.The service is very professional without being overbearing.The wine list by bot the glass and bottle is stellar.It's a little noisey but you kind of anticipate that in a classic steakhouse.My wife had the lobster bisque as a starter.  She said that it was wonderful.I had the Cesar Salad.  They always serve a great Cesar Salad.The lobster comes to the table split in two and then a server removes the meat from the claws and knuckles.  How much easier could it be to eat a lobster?We chose the Hash Brown and Tempura Asparagas as our sides.  They were both wonderful.The meal was followed by great coffee.  We were too full for desert..From the time we pulled up to the valet stand until the time we left the service was superb.The lobster special runs thru August 31st.  We'll be back again.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,6/16/2012,70,189,,2,1>We've been here for Lightning games, Storm games, concerts....we've never had a bad seat in the house.  Experience some of the club level offerings and OMG, the food, the free flowing beer.....We happened across a deal by purchasing a PNC Club Lightning seat package and got Storm seasons tickets for free.  We have been having a blast!The Forum is a great place to watch hockey, arena football and the acoustics are not as bad as you'd think for a concert facility like that.  We've seen Blue Man Group and Transiberian Orchestra there.....both were great shows, the sound was perfect.It's so close to home, there is plenty of different parking options available, there are fairly good concessions, however, during games - they always seem to close so early....for my taste.  And the only really healthy options for food is like a salad.  Those are the only reasons I would give it a 4.  But overall and in comparison, it's a 5 star venue and deserves to be given that with just mention of the potential for a 4 rating. During Lightning and Storm games - when we score, we have the coolest thing - tesla coils - in the arena!  The pipe organ is AWESOME.And it seems that there are yet more improvements - the giant Lightning scoreboard is coming soon, it's the largest scoreboard in the NHL or NBA 30'x50'.  WOW.  Can't wait to see it!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,6/14/2012,21,20,1,3,2>Two words: Hidden Gem. I've been coming to this place for about a year now. It is located on the south side of the old Dali museum (Now part of the USF Campus) at the Harborage Marina. The restaurant serves up tons of different sandwiches, burgers, salads, and some niceties of the fried persuasion. They also have daily specials on tons of different stuff, from dinners, to deli sandwiches, soups and more.You can't go wrong with a Paradise Roll, a grip of Turkey and cheese with grilled onions and chipotle mayo served up on a Hawaiian roll. The mix of hot and cold, salty and sweet is satisfying. Jeremy also makes it his practice to mix things up with specialty meats every now and then, whether he's smoking some pork or brining some brisket for corned beef, going for the sandwich special is generally a great choice!Cheap beer flows all day from their taps, lately we've been enjoying Magic Hat #9 and Stella Artois on the regular -- and they host live music a couple nights a week including an open mic night which is usually dudes killing it, not a lot of amateur hour going on. I really love going here, everyone who works here is super friendly; including the owners April & Jeremy. It feels like Cheers, when you walk in everybody knows your name.Oh! And USF students get a 10% discount. Just saying. Take a break from Ramen Noodles and get a decent meal in you!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,6/13/2012,5,58,3,6,5>Hard to find this place until The Yard popped up. I have to say at first I was in low rent place until I went inside . Yes inside The Yard was Macau's. These two enterprise is an excellent combination. Macau's -my first Laotian eatery to try. They served pretty much same dishes as Vietnamese, Japan's sushi.. Food is excellent, a little pricey but still the bar "TheYard" made the difference, reggae was the sound provided. And the outdoor volleyball is great playground and many tv's for sports. Again a great combination! The Yard and inside is Macau's!I highly recommend this combo local..
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,6/12/2012,36,16,3,7,3>We've been here several times as it is the closest dim sum house to us.  We stopped going but returned yesterday with a $50 Groupon certificate. We went just for lunch time dim sum and didn't try any of the dinner type meals.Cheers:- love the dim sum carts- they have a soup cart with a great tripe soup- tried beef short ribs(over cooked), Shui Mai(+), Fun Gor(+), Tripe Soup(+), fried Eggplant(wife's dish, I don't like eggplant), shrimp dumpling(+)- Shui Mai and Fun Gor were excellent- Chinese cooks, cooking in a clean open view style kitchenJeers:- several dishes came out luke warm- several dishes sit on a cart and wait to get pushed out(ask for those to be made to order) ie salt & pepper calimara and fried shrimp balls.  They really loose their crispness if not served quickly.- where did all the Chinese waitstaff go??  Except for the hostess and the cooks, there was only 1 server there that spoke Chinese.  I like servers of the same ethnicity as the restaurant, they tend to know the dishes much better and it adds to the feel of the restaurant.  Since my wife is Chinese she like talking cantonese with the waiters. Summary:TC Choy is a fine restaurant for dim sum it's just on the pricey side for the quality.  I noticed there was only 1 chinese couple eating there, everyone else was American.  That's not a good sign, as Chinese people know were to go for good dim sum.  If you go to China Yuan for weekend noon-time dim sum, you'll be hard pressed to find many Americans at all. China Yuan is much cheaper and more like your typical road side hong kong restaurant.  Unfortunately Yummy House still remains my Tampa favorite for the best dim sum and authentic Chinese.  Ironically my wife recognized several of the yummy house staff as former employees of TC Choy.  Hmmmm that's where the servers went!!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,6/11/2012,129,98,,5,2>Went here today for my nephew's 3rd birthday party. Definitely kid friendly (big and small) with arcade games, big bouncy slides, balls, and bouncy toys. You are required to wear socks to be able to go on the bouncy slides and such, so be sure to take socks with you! On arrival, you check in for your party and give them any gifts you have. When most everyone is there, they take you back to the bouncy area, birthday boy first, of course! The second room you go to has more bouncy toys and slides, and more small-kid fun. Last, we headed upstairs to have cake and presents. The staff was great, they cut the cake, handed out the drinks, and made sure everyone was taken care of. I imagine with the system they had in moving your party from room to room, they are able to start another party and keep everything flowing. It was clean and easy to find. The only thing I would say that was not worthy of 5-stars was that is twas very warm in the bouncy areas and the parking was a little tight. Other than that, I recommend it for birthday party fun for kiddos!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,5/9/2012,17,39,3,8,4>Oh wow, Senor Taco, Oh wow.I was happy when Casita Taqueria opened on 4th street because of the fresh made corn tortillas and welcome atmosphere. HOWEVER, Senor Taco has just won over my affections! On my first visit I was lucky enough to go on a Tuesday, $1 beef tacos!! The tortillas were crispy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside, with a very generous portion of succulent and well seasoned beef. The carnitas tacos had the most perfect bite-sized chucks of fried pork that was so moist and tender, complimented perfectly with the sour cream and fresh cilantro.But the most special was the Mayan taco, called the Cochinita. The pork is cooked for over 8 hours, overnight. It quite literally melts in your mouth like butter! It's very simply topped off with some pink minced onions, that bring out the sweetness of the pork. I found myself ordering one after another until I had devoured 4 tacos in a row, and I wasn't even hungry. Anyone that considers themself a foodie in Saint Petersburg absolutely must try this place!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,5/8/2012,119,94,,8,5>Boca is in the Hyde Park area and took over the space that Smoke was in. The building was originally a gas station and I have watched it flip from one thing to another over the years. However, I hope Boca stays put.I walked into Boca with the mindset that it has only been open about 2 weeks so there are bound to be waits, mistakes and hiccups along the way. I was shocked when we walked in and it was so packed you could barely move! But the place looks great! They made some improvements on the Smoke layout and overall look. It's got a great rustic feel to it. They also made it modern by calling/texting when you're table is ready. They have a "market" with gourmet cheeses, spices and meats. All local and organic. We waited for about 20-30 minutes but had a bottle of wine and scored seats on the couch so it was no big deal. The menu consists of what they can get fresh so it changes often. I had my eye on the lobster pot pie ($26) but was told that the chef didn't like any of the lobster he found that day and they didn't have it available. They also had a dish with sea bass on the menu but were substituting snapper. I am liberal in giving Boca 4 stars right now because they were out of a lot of the menu items. However, they are having some growing pains and I doubt they could have guessed that they would be so packed so shortly after opening.We started off with an antipasti plate. It was fabulous. We had prosciutto (which I might add is an obsession of mine), Soppressata, and an aged cheddar. These come out on a cutting board with some crustini. One thing I didn't like is they didn't give us enough crustini. I'm sure had we asked for more they would have provided them. It was here that you could tell the difference in Boca's selection. The meats and cheese were some of the best I've ever had. The prosciutto was sliced so thin it melted in your mouth. The aged cheddar was layered with different flavors as you chewed. I would go in just to have a glass of wine and the antipasti plate.The main course was delicious. One of my friends ordered the scallops. They were fresh and tossed in a light sauce. They were delicious but she was picking off my plate afterwards so don't pick this if you're hungry! My other friend got the Tuna. It was cooked to perfection! The thin crust gives way into the pink tuna steak that is warm, but not cooked, all the way through. It comes in a lemon sauce with veggies. If you're a tuna fan then I doubt you'd be disappointed. The chef knows how to cook it right! Now, I would have usually gone for one of those dishes but I had skipped lunch that day and was ready to take down a bear, haha. I got the flank steak. It was FANTASTIC, not to mention the presentation is cool. The flank steak is cubed and put on a skewer. When the waiter brings it out, The skewer is hanging over a pool of french fries (which is like this dream I had once, but that's neither here nor there). I think they smoke the steak and put it on the grill for a quick sear. It is smokey without being overwhelming and still has that chargrilled flavor on the outside. The french fries are good. They get a bit soggy because the steak's juices get all over them but you could ask for them on the side or just enjoy the steak's flavor on the fries!They basically had to roll me out of the building but I'd love to go back, and soon. I think this place will stick around. I will be great for get togethers once they shake off the problems of a new restaurant. WARNING: It is LOUD so if it's a first date, or you really want to whisper sweet nothings, don't go here.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,5/5/2012,237,274,2,10,6>At this point, I think I've been to every Korean restaurant in the Tampa area looking for the Bay's best Korean food... and this has to be it. This humble place is tucked away in the corner of a plaza among other Korean-owned businesses. All the food on the menu is prepared with love... the seafood pancake (haemul pajeon) is delicious as are the other traditional Korean dishes like seafood & tofu stew (soondubu jjigae) and noodles in black bean sauce (jajangmyeon).The service is great and they usually have a Korean show on TV. There isn't a single negative thing I can say about this place.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,5/4/2012,20,47,2,4,3>There is just something about this place that I find easy to love. It might be because of its awesome awesome beer selection OR it could be the great choice of music playing at a volume level that makes it almost easy to carry on a conversation OR maybe it's the fact that the bartender was cool as hell and remembered me the entire night after my very first drink OR it could be that they have like 6 cider beers to choose from and Blackthorne on draft. Woo! OR maybe it is all of these reasons.  Not only does this place fulfill all of my simple wants and needs of a bar, but it's also dog friendly. So far, best bar in St. Pete. Hands down.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,5/3/2012,134,672,2,5,2>OOOOOh...the aromas, the flavors.   I join the worshippers at the altar of Mazzaro's.   Just strolling through their ever-expanding domain is an olofactory tour of the Mediterranean boot.  Fresh produce, cheeses, deli sandwiches, antipasto, bulk olives, the bakery, pizza, the fresh-ground coffee, the incense at St. Peter's....(wait, I got carried away a bit.). It is generally busy, parking can be tight, and it is a bit cramped inside due to the abundance of goods jammed into ad hoc expansions.  It is worth just visiting, inhaling and ogling even if  you are broke....it is inspiring enough to instill ambition to earn some bucks to come back and buy some fresh fennel, a massive sandwich, some cannolli & wedding cookies, sip some espresso and grab a bottle or two of nice imported Chianti wine and boxes of fava beans to take home for Mr. Lechter next door.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,5/2/2012,201,321,6,13,6>The BEST Cuban coffee in Tampa.  Period. Starbuck's got nothing on these guys.  If you are a coffee junky, order a double espresso.  I swear that the spoon almost stays put upright when you stick it in the cup held by the pure caffeine goodness in that tiny little shot glass. Be warned though - it will land in your stomach like a bomb, so definitely not for the faint of heart (or stomach).La Bamba is a lunch joint open from 7am to 3pm weekdays. Its been open for at least 15 years that I know of personally, probably a lot longer.  They have a cafeteria line style menu with the traditional Cuban staples, such as white and yellow rice, black beans, plantains, roasted pork, ground beef, etc.  Sometimes they have specials with breaded steak covered in mozzarella and tomato sauce, or fish.  And their sandwiches are delicious. Their Cuban sandwich is good (not the best in Tampa, but not bad).  My personal favorite is the breaded steak sandwich. Yes, you read that right. They take a steak, they put breading on it, fry it, and put it between two pieces of fresh Cuban bread.  Add cheese, grilled onions, and press it on their toaster, and you have sandwich Nirvana.  Breakfast has their world famous (my world at least) Cuban cheese toast.  Order it with extra cheese and order a cafe con leche with sugar.  Dunk the toast in the coffee.  Rinse, chew, and repeat.  Weight Watchers cries at the sight of this overdose of cheese and sugar.  And don't get me started on the bacon, egg, and cheese Cuban sandwich. Yum.The place is nice and clean although not a chain restaurant by any means. It gets packed for lunch and I take clients and out of town guests for a taste of the local Tampa flavor.  In over 15 years not one has walked out of there disappointed.  Now that I've lost 90 pounds I'm adding La Bamba back to my regular rotation.  Not too regular lest I put all those pounds back.  But a breaded steak Cuban sandwich once in a while is good for the soul.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,5/1/2012,204,405,,9,1>Update:12/23/11Joined friends and family here near the holidays for a quiet dinner.  A thoroughly enjoyable meal according to all the Fratelli newcomers as well as those who've visited before.   Struck once again at just how great the pasta fagioli is, a fresh taste with a nice spicy flavor.Original review:I retired to the Clearwater area 4 years ago, and moved to neighboring Palm Harbor one year ago.  For all of this time I've been searching for a small family-style Italian restaurants like I ate in so many times back up north.  Fratelli's is the real deal folks.  I found them through the coupon site Restaurant.com, and checked out all of the online reviews which were excellent.    They deliver fresh-made Neopolitan-style recipes that are so good, with great service at great prices.   Fratelli's is tucked just a block off of Tampa Rd. in a quiet spot (if you need a landmark for Commerce Blvd. on Tampa Rd., it's where the large Goodwill store is).  Furnishings are very nice and typical of so many great family Italian restaurants I remember, with plenty of tv screens playing sports channels and  a bar you can eat or drink at.I visited for the first time today with 2 family members.  I ordered the shrimp marinara, and they ordered lasagna and a cheese and ham calzone.    Within a moment of ordering an order of  garlic bread landed at the table.  Delicious!   The entrees were served with a choice of soup or salad, so I chose pasta fagioli (pasta and bean soup).  So fine and just like I tasted so many times back home.  My family members split a side salad with plenty to spare between 2 people, and it got a big thumbs up.  Service during the meal was prompt and attentive and our drinks were never empty due to the attention from the great wait staff.Our entrees arrived just on time, and the portions were so big we decided to share all around to make sure we all sampled each dish.  The lasagna was the finest I've tasted in Florida, thick and rich with sauce and cheesy goodness..  The calzone crust was thin and crisp, and we each agreed it was almost pastry-like....far from so many other Italian restaurant attempts that end up far too thick and doughy.  My shrimp marinara had that earthy goodness I've longed for, devoid of the overly sweet taste of marinara sauces at so many Italian restaurants.  While I shared some with the family members, I barely finished half of the dish and brought the rest home for lunch tomorrow!Soon after our meal ended, the owner stopped by to check on our meal and chat with us for a few moments, welcoming us to his restaurant.  A nice touch and a great finish to a fine meal.While we enjoyed the dinner menu during the lunch hour, they have a great selection of lunch specials under $6 that appear to be outstanding deals...you can hardly eat fast food at their prices.  I noticed their website has coupons for the lunch specials as well as  buy one/get one entree deals they may offer.I've been researching the online restaurant review sites diligently for the past few months for places near me, and have had great luck checking out the highest rated restaurants.  I rate my reviews on how well any restaurant meets, fails or exceeds my expectations.  Fratelli's definitely exceeds my expectations and solidly earns my five star rating.  Highly recommended, and I will definitely be back soon.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,4/30/2012,25,77,,4,1>New location for Ceviches! If I could give them an extra star for now being within walking distance of my house, I would. The new location, in the old Circles building across from Publix Greenwise, is a pretty cool set up. Great big deck outside for a little atmosphere, cool lounge area for music and mixing and a menu that's still amazing for a vegetarian or carnivore. Pitchers of sangria are still fantabulous and the service was excellent.The only thing I didn't really love about the new set up is the dining area we were in. There are several sections of tables, about 8-10 each, that are divided up by 1/2 walls. It makes for a quieter dining experience, but you might feel a little isolated and cut off from the buzz that usually permeates a good restaurant. Next time we'll sit in the lounge area.. and next time might be for LUNCH!So happy Ceviches is now open for lunch - any excuse to eat at my favorite spot in Tampa.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,4/29/2012,169,189,4,6,5>Where do I begin. Well after long nights yelping and researching for a good spot for my daddys 51st birthday I came across good ol Whiskey Joes. At first my dad didn't even want to go out but after a few coronas  and getting him all spiffy like as real live goodfella he was ready for a good time and that he had. We started off with frozen Jose Cuervo margaritas and him and my mom with a side shot and our appetizers. It was a party of 16 but just to name a few we had there cheese garlic bread which wasn't to grand, there shrimp scampi that my sister devoured, the wings were deeeeelish and so was the kalamari (so my family said because I don't eat no seafood). Oh and might I ask there mud slides were GREAT. The plates of food were gargantuan but all around the food was good. They had the Ketel One girls there giving our free shots and taking pics with mi papa and he was in heaven. Our waitress was slacking because she could handle such a big party plus three other tables. That was the only down fall I believe with parties of eight or more you should get your own waitress for the night.  After all the good times at the table we went to the dance floor to tear it up. There were some crazy characters on the dance floor but that made it all the while fun. I hated the peanuts people got to eat because they were EVERYWHERE! NOT GOOD JUST A MESS. There was even one guy using them as confetti. The dj Short-E was pretty good he had us on the dance floor all night and having my dad like the king of the joint. He shouted out my dad the whole night and got him even more free shots from the vip table. It was the best time I had in a while so if your looking for a family outing but with a jamming good time after, Whiskey Joes is a 20 in my book!!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,4/28/2012,44,135,3,6,4>I cannot get enough of this place. I first stopped by after an evening downtown of bar hopping and specifically told the guy behind the counter "this is my first time, give me something amazingly awesome." What he gave me was the most mouth-watering, alcohol soaking, tasty looking, and tasty tasting piece of god-liness that can only be compared to sitting on a cloud and eating with angels. It was ::cue heavenly music and light from above:: The Dooner Box. HOLY CRAP it was good. It was shaved lamb and chicken...on a bed of fries and smothered with tzaziki and hot sauce. This thing was monstorously sized for about $8. A+ for the staff member who knew what to do in my fragile state.Alas, I couldn't give Dooners a review after that because I wasn't fully in my right mind. So, I went back BEFORE bar hopping and got the Dooner Box again and ya know what? Everything I said above stands. Bravo!Lastly, after my two fantastic adventures, I took some friends back for the Burek (which they get delivered from yelp.com/biz/european-ba) and where I've normally gotten it from, but it was still very very good. And I like that you can order it in halves. Sidenote: for the first time I had my Burek w/ tzaziki and sriracha sauce and it they were blissful additions (usually I just eat it as-is).So yes, I recommend this place and looking forward to destroying their menu one-by-one.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,7/31/2013,201,321,2,7,6>The concept is awesome. Buy food, and the proceeds go to feed the homeless.  And the food is great to boot!It's sandwiches and salads, and it's only open weekdays for lunch. Prices are reasonable, and the food is outstanding quality and taste.  Their "out of the box" Cuban is outstanding!The place is neat, sits about 40, and is located right in the middle of downtown. I didn't try the salads but they had a very yummy appearance.  They have all sorts of extras to go with your meal, like an edamame and vegetable mix, chips, cookies, and what looked like brownies.  There is no soda machine, but all manner of Coke bottled products.  They have Coke Zero.  Yay!I'd give this place 5 stars for the concept alone.  But setting that aside for a second, this place is a great little sandwich and salad shop.  Beats Subway by mile and a half.  So on its own merit as a sandwich shop, it's as good as it gets.  The fact that proceeds go to feed the homeless is reason enough to go a little out of your way to come here.  And when you get here, not only are you doing a good thing, you'll eat great as well. Win win all around!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,7/30/2013,91,204,4,4,3>Our favorite place for pho in Tampa.  Be prepared, it looks like a dump.  In a very unassuming strip mall off Waters it is worth braving the wonky parking lot and awkward intersection to get in and feast on the most delicious pho Tampa's got.  They were notched down one star because they don't carry ANY vegetarian options.  I asked once why and the owner said they used to but never sold any and it kept going bad.  I get it.  But that sucks.  I order the large bowl of Pho Ga EVERY SINGLE TIME.  I order it without chicken and extra veggies.  I've never strayed and I've never been tempted to.  It's delicious.  I crave it when I'm sick, I crave it when I'm well.  It's so damn good.  The large bowl (they aren't kidding around with "large") comes with perfectly cooked rice noodles and fresh veggies simmering in the rich chicken broth.  It's pretty good on it's own but you should never have it on it's own.  With each bowl of pho comes a plate of fresh sprouts, limes, jalapenos, and basil.  You need to add all of it.  Then scoop some condiments in.  I usually just add some garlic chili sauce and call it perfection.  Also available though is Siracha, teriyaki sauce, soy, fish sauce (blech), and chili oil.  The service is great and the bowls come out really fast.  We've ordered the spring rolls before and they are good but I've always asked for them without shrimp and they always come with shrimp.  They are very fresh so I don't think they are pre-made but something gets lost in translation.  Even after removing the shrimp it still tasted shrimp-y.  Bottom line, go here.  For around $6 you can leave with a full belly, no MSG headache (we asked), and a serious craving to come again.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,7/29/2013,49,63,3,7,4>I received a $50 gift card to Rolling Pin for Christmas from a family member who knows I like to cook.  I decided to spend the entire balance of the gift card to attend a cooking class, of which Rolling Pin has a great selection - everything from basic knife skills to cookie and cake decorating classes to classes on many different types of ethnic cuisines.  The class that caught my eye was the French Macaron class and I knew I HAD to sign up, as my previous attempts to produce these heavenly little delights had all ended disastrously.The class itself was very good, although I thought a bit crowded in the workspace with people nearly bumping into one another.  I really liked how it was a hands-on class, as these cookies require more than just practice to master, you really do need to have the techniques spot-on (in addition to just the right temperature, humidity level, aged eggs, etc.)  It was really helpful to have the chef look at what we were doing and give advice "Yes, that is ready for the next step" or "No, mix it more", etc.  At the end of the 3 hour class I had a box of about a dozen Macarons of different flavors to take home and enjoy, but more importantly I took away a new skill set and the confidence to attempt making them in my own kitchen again.  Other things of note:  while you are watching the demonstration portion of the class, assistants will come around and offer you red and white wine, still and sparkling water, included in the price of your class.  While the wine itself wasn't anything to write home about, it was a nice touch and added to the enjoyment of the afternoon.  There is also a retail area which reminded me of a Sur La Table, with a variety of cooking and baking products, specialty ingredients, unique cook/bakeware and gifts.  I was disappointed that several of the items used in the Macaron class that I needed to purchase were out of stock, which seems like a huge oversight on their part as they could have really capitalized on all of the class participants buying their supplies there.  As it is, I will be ordering my supplies on Amazon (it is worth adding, for a lower price).  All in all, the class may not have been a great "value" but I learned a lot and had a lot of fun.  I would like to return for another class (sushi-making, perhaps) but due to it being rather pricey, I might be waiting til next Christmas!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,7/28/2013,236,111,11,9,6>I practically live at Treasure Island.On any given weekend of the month, you can find my husband and I at one of the many hotels/motels somewhere in the area, computers in our laps working at a fevered pitch to get our daily tasks done so we can dive into the sultry warm waters of the Gulf.  This is one of the joys of telecommuting, folks.  Good work if you can get it.However, I digress...and there is no room for digression here.While hubs and I have our favorite places for dinner, the one place that cannot go without a visit is Original Pizza.  I am a New York girl, born and raised.  Lived there for 30 years of my *cough wheeze gak* mumble mumble years on this earth.  And one thing holds true...the pizza in Florida is a train wreck.  Some say "it's the water".  Some say, "it's because they don't use brick ovens".  Some say, "it's the way the tomatoes are handled by migrant farm workers and watered in the tears of baby goats and then, fertilized by the scarcely seen chupacabra during the height of mating season once the moon turns grey and Jupiter enters Venus rising."Make up whatever excuses you want to, Native Floridians.  The bottom line is, your pizza sucks.EXCEPT...Original Pizza.  I don't know what they do.  I don't care.  it doesn't matter.  I don't need to hear it.  All I know is that when I do go to Original's and that is at least 4 times a month, all I taste is what I can only imagine it would be like to take a bite out of an angel's thigh.  Hm.  Okay, maybe something a little less provocative sounding.How about, the way heaven would taste, if you could slice it into 8 cheesy triangles.Their pizza is SO good and best when served fresh right out of the oven. Very rarely do hubs and I take the pizza back to the room.  We usually plop down right outside their door and set upon devouring a pie between us.  I love it scalding hot.  There is just the right amount of grease, not so much that you need to sop it up with a napkin, but just enough so that it lubes the inside of your mouth in preparation for the cheese, OH THAT CHEESE, to slide right down your throat and into your belly.  The crust has just enough "snap" to it without it tasting like cardboard but just enough doughiness that it's soft and mooshy.  The sauce is delicious.  Seasoned to perfection.  It's simply the best pizza on the Gulf Coast.  I'm sure there are other items on their menu.  I couldn't tell you a single one.  I have no clue, nor do I care to learn.  All you need to know is their pizza.  It's insane.One thing about Originals that you might need to know.  They don't serve individual slices after 2 pm, so make sure you are ready to order a pie.  Still, that won't stop me from giving them five stars.  Actually, I am looking at the stars and wondering if there is a way I can photo shop three more in, so it looks like a pie.  A pie of Pizza.  Wonderful, delicious Original Pizza.Ew.  I drooled on my keyboard.Anyway, go to Original Pizza the next time you are in Treasure Island.Tell them Cher sent you.  It won't mean a blessed thing to them at all.  They'll probably cock their head to one side and look at you strangely.  Don't be concerned.  I just like telling people to say my name everywhere they go.  It's a narcissistic thing.  You wouldn't understand.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,7/27/2013,331,115,2,7,2>After being a member of years and having a large event there last year I have really rather enjoyed being a part of this particular Country Club. Even thought I believe to be one of the youngest members the other patrons have always been warm and excellent to introduce and converse with.The facilities include a gym, pool, horse stables, tennis, restaurant and optional dining areas for different dress codes. The gym is limited in their equipment but it seems to be doing the job. Treadmills and free weights and the occasional classes are always available. The staff at the gym are beyond wonderful. The tennis courts surrounding the inside gym are always full of matches and since I live across the street I can hear the tennis balls from sun up to sun down. The pool area is beautifully maintained and offers a snacks and adult beverages at the window of the main building. I must admit, the pool is where you'll find me mostly. Can't beat a heated pool this size. The restaurant is immaculate and always bustling. The food needs a little tending too, it always seems to have "Yacht Club Sauce," on everything so dubbed by what we call it. It all starts tasting the same but the specials are usually something you can't go wrong with. I highly recommend joining. At the moment they are offering fee options over a year or so that appeal to a younger audience on a tighter budget instead of an all at once fee.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,7/26/2013,159,231,3,4,3>Bella's is like a warm hug from an Italian grandma. This is one of my favorite places in Tampa and it's no surprise it's been around forever. While they have a great selection of entrees, their homemade pasta is what keeps bringing me back. Every pasta dish I have had is great, but the decadent yet simple Confetti Spaghetti is my favorite. (I have also had the salmon, but that was only while I was on a diet.) I recently tried the eggplant rollatini appetizer: breaded eggplant rolled up with several cheeses and proscuitto. This is almost enough to be an entree. Their bruschetta is just OK. I would skip it in favor of other appetizers. Their salads are also great and huge portions, even a half portion can be split between two people. Save room for dessert - the Mount Vesuvio is a warm chocolate lava cake with a scoop of ice cream and it's AMAZING. I have dreams about this dessert. It's only $5.99 and I'd gladly pay double that. Prices are extremely reasonable. You can come here and get drinks, entrees and appetizers for about $30 a person. My only beef with Bella's is I eat way too much when I come here!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,7/25/2013,289,123,3,3,3>As of recent, I have been rediscovering all of the fantastic restaurants at International Plaza.  I had lunch yesterday for the first time at Zen Bistro. After hearing so much about their fantastic menu and innovative cocktail list, I was eager to pop in.To avoid the busy lunch crowd, I went in about 2:30. I was immediately impressed by the airy decor and overall swanky vibe. Since I was alone, I grabbed a seat at the bar and began to make that difficult decision....what was I going to order?As much as I was craving sushi, I decided to save that for my next visit when I could also enjoy some of their exotic cocktails. My eyes were drawn to their selection of Bento Boxes, as it had been way to long since I enjoyed eating lunch from one. With mouth-watering choices such as BBQ Short Rib, Korean BBQ Beef, Chicken, Sashimi, Tempura Shrimp, Maki Bento and Nigiri Bento, I went with the bartender's suggestion of BBQ Short Rib. Served with miso soup, crab dumpling, mixed green salad, cucumber salad and your choice of white or brown rice, it was a generous amount of food. The miso soup was piping hot and soothing. I had been having a case of the Mondays and somehow all my worries seemed to disappear as I savored this cup of warm goodness.As my bento box was presented, I could not help but smile. It was so colorful and smelled amazing. Not knowing where to begin, I sampled from each section. The meat on the short ribs melted right off the bone. As I worked my way around each tasty section, I was loving everything. The salad was refreshing and tossed with a citrus dressing. I gobbled up the scrumptious crab dumpling which was served with a duo of dipping sauces.I could not get over the flavor of the short ribs and did not leave an ounce of meat on the bones. This was one of the best lunches I had experienced in quite sometime. Service was fast and friendly and the food was beyond delicious.If you are looking for a great spot to grab lunch in the Westhshore district, be sure and head over to International Plaza. Zen Bistro is a fantastic spot for a quick and tasty lunch. I was in and out in less than an hour. My next visit will include sushi and cocktails after a day of shopping.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,7/24/2013,156,155,2,6,5>Really really really cool and very different...I went here on a super long and awesome food crawl and was super surprised by what I found.  It looks like it may have been an old car dealership or something that has been turned into a cafe/record store/vintage store/small music venue.  You can definitely hang here. We found some old Blue Note albums, a vintage Aunt Jemima salt shaker, some AWESOME vintage jewelry and hats, and we ate a fantastic peanut thai noodle dish while we dined al fresco on the patio furniture.  OH, and I ate my noodle dish with a John Deere fork that I seriously considered nicking from the place.Check it out.  For a gift, a meal, or a neat vintage find.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,7/23/2013,124,123,4,5,3>This place has easily risen to one of my top 5 favorite restaurants in Tampa.  Everything down to the butter - yes the butter is amazing!I called earlier in the day to make reservations for 12.  I was surprised when I arrived there was no wait.  Additionally, our table was already set up, so we sat down immediately.  When the waitress brought out the bread, I was not expecting it to be as good as it is - no wonder they charge $0.50 since more per mini loaf that they bring out.  It was the warmest piece of carbohydrate bliss that I've ever tasted.  The outside had a nice crust to it, but the inside was so warm and so soft.  The first loaf (yes, you heard me right), I just ate without any butter.  The second loaf that I ate (seriously, quit judging me) I slathered with butter.  It was the best butter that I have ever tasted.  It was smooth and the perfect consistency for spreading on the bread.  I can't believe I just wrote a paragraph about bread and butter.A friend and I decided to split the Parrillada Argentina for One, but we were confident that it would be enough for two.  It was, and then some.  The Parrillada was so delicious and filling. It included:Argentinian Sausage - Very delicious.  Better than your typical smoked sausage.  flavorful and juicy.Short Rib - I ordered it grilled medium and boy, was it delicious.  Skirt Steak - Perfectly sliced and cooked.  Lots of flavor with nice seasoning.Chicken Breast - Tender and marinated with citrus and other seasoning.  It was so good that I picked up a piece with my fingers just so that I could lick my fingers.Pork Chop - Grilled to perfection.  It was not dry at all and flavorful through and through.  It was seasoned similar to the chicken breast.Sweet Bread - Delicious.  It's not for everyone, but it was delicious.Morcilla - (brace yourself) Commonly known as blood sausage, Morcilla is the Spanish version and is stuffed with pig's blood, rice, onions and spices.  It's delicious.  It is an acquired taste, but it is extremely flavorful.As a side I ordered yellow rice and black beans.  Both were ideal accompaniments to all the meat I consumed.The drinks were delicious as well.  I enjoyed the Sangria and I had a nice glass of Argentinian Malbec.Simply put, I cannot wait until my next visit.B. Major Grade:  A+
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,7/22/2013,262,160,2,4,3>Anytime we're looking for Thai food in our local area we always come to this restaurant! I've been coming here for years and I'm never disappointed as we always get the same great service and same great food consistently! Food: For those that are familiar with Thai food many of the dishes come with rice or noodles and some sort of spicy curry or broth sauce. Jasmine Thai takes the time to adjust to spiciness and you can even get it mild for those that don't like anything spicy. My favorite dishes would be the pad Thai,  Which is what hubby gets every single time with chicken. My other favorite is the pad sei eu. This this is very similar to the pad Thai but it comes with a brown sauce broccoli and wider rice noodles. I really enjoy the food here because going gluten-free if you're doing only rice items you can eat rice noodles or rice itself.Service: The service is always wonderful when we come here! The waitstaff is familiar with our faces and even when we come get food to go they know who we are. The food is brought out very quickly and the staff is extra pleasant!For those in the Brandon area I suggest going to Jasmine Thai if you're looking for authentic atmosphere for Thai food and awesome food to boot!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,6/29/2013,151,511,2,3,4>Definitely coming back next year! Advanced tickets were $65 which may seem steep but you will get to sample food from top restaurants in the area and they certainly are not putting out the cheap stuff (read ginormous diver scallops, mussels, truffle mac and cheese, lobster mac and cheese, chocolate fountain, the list goes on to foodie heave). You will leave fat and happy, wondering how many miles you should run, bike, or waddle to make up for the sheer gluttony. Plus, proceeds go to the Straz Center so you will be putting good karma juju in the air. This event was very well organized and they had some great restaurants participating. If you didn't come this year, you should first feel sorry for yourself then make it a point to get your food-loving self here next time.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,6/28/2013,363,244,2,4,2>I enjoyed going to the beaches back home on LI most the time and we have some really great beaches in the Hamptons, Montauk and Fire Island  although I would never go in to the water, too murky, you cant see anything. So for me it was just a place to go and relax , unwind and listen to water, I was strictly a pool person. Then I moved here  and WOW i was blown away and amazed how a great a beach could be. To be able to go the beach and actually swim in the water that really in Clear is very cool.  This is probably in my top 5 best beaches I have ever been to. I absolutely love it here and spend a lot of time here day and night and have always had a nice time, The whole area has such a aura bout it , it offers you so many different options whether you want to go crazy or just chill or both.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,6/27/2013,2378,688,3,10,6>Sushi K is new to the Brandon/Riverview area. I first saw it when driving to Super Target with my parents - a visible "Grand Opening" sign waves outside the establishment. I finally dropped by for a visit yesterday and the owner recognized me. It turns out he is the former owner of Samurai Japanese Restaurant on Big Bend Road, one of my favorite sushi places in Tampa Bay that had interesting roll creations in addition to affordable pricing.This restaurant has similar menu items to Samurai Japanese Restaurant and also similar pricing. Almost every roll is under $10 and their California Roll is only $3.95. The owner of Green Island Frozen Yogurt actually acquired his sushi menu from the owner of Sushi K (they are friends) and I have been ordering sushi at Green Island recently even though it's priced much higher at around $5/$6.The California Roll was delicious and their Calamari Tempura Roll was amazing. That's something you probably won't see on a menu elsewhere in Tampa Bay. Definitely order it. I also saw Japanese Shoyu Ramen and Udon noodles on the menu as well as Mochi Ice Cream. The inclusion of Japanese Ramune soda was yet another plus on the menu and I enjoyed a Peach flavored soda with my meal. Bento boxes are also available. For now Sushi K only seems to be open during dinner hours with the exception for lunch on Fridays and Saturdays, but I'm definitely looking forward to them getting some more exposure now that the owners restaurant is closer to I-75 and Brandon/Bloomingdale and opening for more hours. It's a short drive from my parents house in Riverview so I will definitely be back soon!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,6/26/2013,104,217,,8,3>I am officially in love with Doormet!  This is a perfect example of why I'm so glad that I frequently use Yelp.  I have driven by here literally hundreds of times and had absolutely no idea that this business even existed (and it has been here for years!).  I saw a review of Doormet on Yelp and knew that I had to try it.  Doormet offers delicious gourmet food for dine-in, take-out, or delivery.  It was actually hard for me to find the first time.  It's on the side of a strip mall not visible from Dale Mabry.  If you're dining in you place your order at the counter and they will bring it out to you shortly.  There are a good number of tables inside and a few outside.  The first time I went I tried the pizza and thought that it was very good.  The second trip is when I really started to appreciate how special Doormet is.  I had the chicken piccata and I literally cannot remember the last time that I had something so delicious.  It was off the charts fantastic.  And I can get this type of food delivered to me?  Pinch me, I must be dreaming.  I have yet to try anything that I didn't like.  The rustico sandwich was also wonderful.  The fresh focaccia bread was top notch and tasted so good with the pesto and balsamic that was added to it.  My half a sandwich had a generous amount of meat on it.  That and a hearty soup made me completely full.They have several items that they temporarily add to the menu as monthly specials.  This can be great for trying new things but could be heartbreaking if you really like one of them because it won't last long.  Enjoy it while you can!The only (minor) complaint that I have is that the pasta dishes are a little pricey for a lunch ($15).  However, the chicken piccata I had was so good I will definitely be splurging on it once in a while.I consider Doormet a hidden gem that I'm glad that I found.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,6/25/2013,55,65,,4,2>Watching a movie has never been so sweet! We went on a whim one Friday night. I had a free ticket and we decided to check it out. It's location in Old Hyde Park means easy access for folks in south Tampa and free parking in one of two parking garages in the complex. There is also some lot parking around the back and side of the Cinebistro building.Luckily, we got the last three seats - now I know that advance reservations are highly recommended. As all seats are reserved, you can book online and select yours seats before you arrive in the theater. Whoa, mind blown!All seats are huge comfy recliners with a tray for your meal, and if you're in the front row you get an ottoman. Apparently our seats, front row, all the way to the right are considered the least desirable but we had no issues. Great view of the screen and I loved the ottoman to put my feet up. However, before you even get there you need to deal with the whole timing issue. The doors open precisely thirty minutes before showtime, and the website tells you that if you are not in your seat at the beginning of the 30-minute window then there will be no food for you. This doesn't seem to be exactly true as it took at least fifteen minutes for the servers to make the rounds and get all the orders in. While you are waiting for the doors to open, there is a nice lounge with a full bar.Service was great. Very friendly and informative, she was clear about the tipping policy up front - so there was no chance of confusion with the automatic gratuity added to the check. My party had the seafood pasta, fried chicken and seared tuna for our entrees. We shared the popcorn with popcorn chicken, calamari and shrimp. Sodas come with free refills served by the staff, no need to miss any of the movie to get your drink refilled. We all really enjoyed the food for the most part, especially the tuna and fried chicken. The chicken was mostly deboned and served over some awesome mashed potatoes and spinach. The seafood pasta was just so-so, the sauce wasn't creamy and smooth. The popcorn was overkill, although tasty, it comes out the same time as your entree and we were so full from our meals that we really didn't have the inclination for the popcorn. Next time I would do one or the other and not get both a starter and entree. All in all we had a great experience and can't wait to go again, although it's definitely a splurge.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,6/24/2013,62,148,,5,3>Boca won me over the second I sat down. I loved the ambiance. I love when restaurants have a concept and follow through and really give you an experience and do things that make them stand out, even things as simple as an old milk jug to hold water for the table. I wanted every single poster hanging on those walls too. It was classy without being stuffy and oh so tasty for a mid-level price. The waiter was almost embarrassed I asked for salt and pepper, but then I bit into everything and I realized why, I didn't need s&p and I was so glad I hadn't applied it yet because everything was seasoned perfectly! I just imagine a talented professional in the kitchen crafting each meal to perfection. Of what I tasted, their french toast and hangover panini, divine.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,6/23/2013,114,82,3,5,3>First off, let me divulge I was here for an event so I did not pay for the food and drink, however, the gratuity we left was more than deserved.  Sunday brunch here is a great deal especially if you love Sunday Fundays..... for $10 unlimited mimosa, screwdriver and bloody mary bar- and you pour your own!  A few kinds of infused vodkas and several different juices offered and lots of garnishes including some fresh large shrimp!  Service was fantastic- truly - without a doubt- even our waiter told us how much he loved working there- you can feel that vibe.  Comfy outside couches and tables, intimate private room next to a glass enclosed wine vault.  Gorgeous décor - cosmopolitan yet casual.The food we tried was really delicious.  I highly recommend the shrimp - even for a nonseafood lover like myself I would go back and order it again!!!  The crème brulees were great- but try their churros with a trio of sauces!!!  The prime rib was cooked perfectly - definitely a winner!!!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,6/22/2013,74,100,,6,2>Went out tonight to try the new place. Arrived at 5:50 and was already a bit crowded. With new restaurants come some hiccups as the host was very confused on seating and what tables were available. Understandable though.Took about 10 minutes for someone to come to our table but the server took our drink order which we sampled a few of the beers. We both really enjoyed the the Apricot, Blueberry and Raspberry beer but I also tried a few that I didn't care for but that is personal preference.We took advantage of happy hour and ordered the soft baked pretzels with beer cheese that we really liked. The pretzels were hot and soft and the cheese had a nice distinct tasty flavor. We also ordered the buffalo chicken dip which had nice size pieces of chicken with a buffalo cheese sauce and served with warm flatbread that was equally as good.For dinner we shared the pulled pork sandwich was really good and had a side of fries which were good also. Overall we enjoyed it and even though some problems with hosting and serving we were ok with it especially since everything else what great. Will give this another try and maybe try some of the pizzas that we some other people eating which looked amazing.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,6/21/2013,98,160,4,6,3>The Dub gets four stars just for the fact that its a "get away" in SOHO... for the most part. be sure to make it to the bottom of the review, or read it backwards. Whatever. Beer selection is decent.  I am pretty sure they have wine, but if you are a wino, you are definitely in the wrong place.  The Dub is pretty empty on weekday nights and flooded on Friday's and Saturdays. They have small TVs, so not that great for a sports go-to. Now the good stuff - In a neighborhood full of money, the Dubliner provides a nice get away.  Extremely friendly, laid back bartenders make it all worth it.  The red-haired bartender would make it worth your while by himself with amazingly quirky dirty humor. They make you feel hell of welcome in a neighborhood where if flooded with the most commonly normal people would make them fell out-casted. Indoor seating, huge patio, decor is to the tee, not too perfect - what one expects of a pub. Live music on weekends is always found. Pizza is great - steak and Gorgonzola cheese all the way.  Ask for the BOSS BURGER - a little off-the-menu secret goat cheese stuffed burger served with sweet potato fries with cinnamon and honey. Their regular burger could easily compete as the best in Tampa. Definitely stick to these things on the menu.   Definitely go by. You wont regret it.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,6/20/2013,69,66,,6,2>I have now been to the Refinery three times and I have yet to find anything wrong with my time there. They are as good as it gets in Tampa, Florida. I love what they do and it gets me coming back every single time. The location is perfect for me, as I live in Seminole Heights, and so I hold it close to home. I love that they change the menu every week and that makes it that much more appealing because you never know what you are going to get, and as far as now, it has not proven bad. Whether you are dining downstairs in the dimly lit dining room, or on the deck upstairs, this place just seems to have everything working for it. The space, the location, it all just seems to fit, seamlessly. The staff is always nice and informative and ready to help. Parking has never been a problem for me, but I can see how it might be problematic for a stuffed crowd. Nonetheless, it is definitely worth coming to anytime you need a great dining night out. The food is always fresh and prepared with the upmost respect, it's presentation always an awe to me no matter the dish. Their craft beers are thirst quenching and they always seem to hit the spot. They also offer Buddy Brew coffee after a nice meal and dessert and that is truly the key to my heart.All in all, this is my oasis. The Refinery is my favorite location to go to in the bay area. They have won my heart over and have yet to fail on any one of the categories required to wow a patron. For me, they excel in service, food, and everything in between. The lights always seem to be just right, and the food and acknowledgement right on time. I cannot say enough about my experiences at the Refinery, but I do know that I plan to come back as many times as possible, and I also hope to refer as many people as possible as well. It is always a true pleasure to dine here, and I definitely recommend any Yelpers to go check it out for themselves.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,6/10/2012,0,59,2,4,2>I've been here a dozen times or so over the years, and each time has been wonderful.If you've never seen flamenco dancing, it might be worth the surcharge to see the show. I've seen it thrice now, once each with three different women. It's a good show, but I've never wanted entertainment with my meal. The food should always be able to stand alone.At the Columbia, the food really can stand alone. I often order the boliche, which is chorizo stuffed inside an eye round steak. The chorizo is excellent here! I've ordered other things, but I always miss my boliche if I don't order it.There are a few options available. Is the imported Sangria really worth the extra money? Yes, at least for the first pitcher. Is the Sangria de Cava worth the extra money? Yes, yes yes. Are the desserts worth getting? Yes. Is the 1905 salad really everything they say it is? Yes.My only complaint with the Columbia is the size of their menu. There are so many tempting options, it's hard to settle on just one. I also wonder how any restaurant can possibly make this many dishes well. I know their kitchen is huge, but I still wonder.Most of the servers have been here for years, some for decades. They love this restaurant, and it shows. Service is courteous and professional. This isn't "Flo" trying to be your friend, this is "Antonio" showing you what a terrific dining experience is supposed to be. If you're in a hurry, don't come here - go to Steak N Shake. When you come here, devote a couple of hours to it. It's worth it.I've also eaten at the Sarasota Columbia. It's good, but lacks the authenticity and atmosphere of the Ybor City original. For me, the Columbia is and always will be in Ybor City only. It's a Tampa landmark and a must see if you're visiting from out of town.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,6/9/2012,45,26,,3,2>If not for Groupon, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't know this place existed. Though I am glad I tried it out.First off, the atmosphere of this place is pretty neat. Loved the decor.We started off with the Rouen Thai Sampler. Filled with 2 of each: Egg Roll, Thai Spring Roll, Shrimp Tempura, Fried Wonton & Crab Rangoon. All was good, but our personal favorites (and suggestions for single appetizers) would definitely be getting the Spring Rolls & Fried Wontons. For the main meal, I ordered the Chicken Garlic and Black Pepper Entree. It wasn't out of this world, but it was pretty good. Would probably get something with a little more flavor next time.The boyfriend ordered Chicken Pad Thai. I tried some, and honestly wish I had ordered it instead- best I've had in the area. Though be prepared when choosing your spicy level. I was thankful my meal was medium, because the Pad Thai was ordered hot and after two bites my nose was instantly running.Will definitely be returning to try more menu options.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2012,6/7/2012,80,137,1,3,2>Delish. As a person newly diagnosed  with a gluten allergy I had to try the gluten free pizza. Love the fact that they have tons to choose from and they even tell me what isn't GF and what is GF on the menu. Gluten free sweets too! Score. The signature flat bread it pretty awesome, btw.  For those that complain about it being too fancy... go to pizza hut and leave the good stuff for the rest of us. I personally like the fact that I can have some semi healthy pizza. Will definitely return.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2012,6/6/2012,33,137,3,13,5>I tried Lotus for the first time tonight. Being a vegetarian, it's nice to be able to pick from the entire menu and not be limited to one or two items.The atmosphere is casual, but nice and clean. It's not ornately decorated like most Thai restaurants. The service was very friendly and attentive, and I appreciated the multiple styles of hot pepper sauces on the table to add to the food, if desired.I started with the summer rolls, and they were delicious, warm vegetables and sliced tofu served with a sweet peanut sauce. Very good. For my meal, I ordered the rice vermicelli noodles with tofu and mixed vegetables. It was in a very tasty brown sauce, and not spicy. (I added some of that yummy pepper sauce on the table.) I was extremely satisfied with this dish, and the portion was very large. The prices are extremely reasonable, with meals ranging from $5.95 to around $8.00. They have a variety of Thai iced tea drinks as well. There are some items on the menu that indicate chicken or pork, but they are meat substitutes. The whole menu is vegetarian (I asked, just to be sure.)I would give Lotus 5 stars for the food, with the only tiny bit of criticism being average decor, and a TV that was kind of loud.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,6/5/2012,159,114,2,5,2>I brought my boyfriend here on a Saturday for a tour and beer sampling since Yuengling is one of his favorite beers. We never knew it was so close!Be sure to look on their website for tour times before going and read the FAQ's. - First note: There were many people wearing flip flops on our tours vs. the insisted closed toe shoe policy, but that could be because of the next note.- Second note: There is no production/brewing on Saturdays so the brewery is quiet and empty.We looked around the main waiting/lobby area and gift shop waiting for our 12p tour to begin.  We had quite a large group, which had to split into two smaller ones. The tour lasted about 40 minutes, starting with a ten minute video of the history of Yuengling and the rise to present day. Next, the guide takes you out to the brewery, and into the kettle room, around through the lab, the bottle line, and the holding tanks. The tour was informative and hands on. Our guide was informative and knew quite a lot about the history and brewing process. She did a great job!Once done, you loop back into the lobby where the tasting room is and it's drinks galore. The BEST PART? FREE. Tips are encouraged! ;)We tried the Premium Lager, Lager, and Black and Tan. Sadly they were out of the Lord Chesterfield this day and the Premium Light is not available here in FL.Overall, a great tour and I will be revisitng with my parents when they are in town!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,6/4/2012,16,145,2,2,2>Tour De Pizza  is a great pizza place!I've been here twice now and I would have to recommend to everyone to get the Garlic Knots, they are awesome!  They also have a lot of interesting and unique pizza's to choose from and some of the old favorites with an interesting twist. I would also check out all of their weekday deals,  I haven't made it to one dollar slices yet but everyone else raves about it.I would definitely recommend going there.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,6/3/2012,288,121,2,3,3>I had been meaning to try BGR ever since they won the burger showdown the other week so when my fiance and I were each having our cars serviced at a nearby tire place on Sunday, we decided to finally stop in and see what the place was all about. The outside wasn't anything too impressive (and honestly I've driven by it a million times and never felt the need to go in), but the inside did pull me it. It was dark, elusive, and had a walk-up counter service menu that reminded me of Burrito Border. The line moved quickly and the girl who took our order was sweet. She double checked to make sure we wanted everything that came on the burger per the menu and gave us the option to customize as need be. We were then handed a pager and took a seat. We ordered one fountain drink between the two of us and I enjoyed that they had a Coke Freestyle machine. I'm not a coke fan by any means, but I love that the coke freestyle machines have seltzer. Our orders took about 5-10 minutes, which wasn't bad considering the Sunday lunch crowd that had formed. I had ordered the veggie burger with the mojo sauce on the side and no cheese, my fiance ordered The Wellington (the showdown burger winner), and we split a double order of fries between the two of us. My veggie burger was excellent. It sorta fell apart on me, which is a good thing since it meant it was made on site and not a standard boca burger (yuck). It was also very juicy and didn't need any of the "mojo sauce" (basically a mix of ketchup and mayo). I would order it again in a heartbeat and highly recommend it to friends. My fiance's Wellington was fantastic as well. It was flavorful, juicy, and perfectly medium. Bravo. Our fries were just ok. Sorta standard, and a little well done, but they got the job done. For a burger place it is a tad overpriced, but you really do get your money's worth in the quality of the burger. I say give it a try. :)
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,6/2/2012,182,477,2,3,2>Went in for dinner and a few beers Monday night. Great laid back atmosphere, but food menu is very limited. They have 3 apps, a salad, and various thin crust pizzas. Pizza was surprisingly delicious. The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable, but I was disappointed by the dark beer selection. I understand it is May in Tampa and most people prefer lighter summer brews around this time, but what about the rest of us? I opted for a few bottles I had already tried in the past, but New World is the kind of place you'd like to try something for the first time. Anyway, outside seating is plentiful and the vibe is chill.  Pizza was also decently priced and good as leftovers too. Be warned, it looks thin so you think you can finish it all. Don't try, you'll be miserable (as 2 of my friends were). Three in our party ordered pizzas from the menu, but I did a make your own. Our 5th member opted for a salad, which she also loved.  Everyone was happy with their choices.  We did see on the menu that they have BBQ specials a few days a week.  I'd like to give that a shot.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,6/1/2012,181,144,2,2,2>Hmmmmm well I kinda think its the best of both worlds ... beautiful area outside but sheltered .. they have a seating area for puppy dogs where you can sit at a table in a grassy area ... bean bag on the driveway for kids and adults - ummmmm not really sure about the location but seems to be far enough out of the way of danger.World of Beers is connected to it ... pretty cool arrangement but the parking will be your issue ... its situated right downtown and there is no formal parking except that let motorcycles park in the round about - or I think they do a hot little number the other day someones custom harley was there....First time we went had a starter looked like a pizza pie but had onions and something else on it almost a sweet flavour we really enjoyed it ... Had a pizza there the other night and yes a large is around 14 - 26 I think if I remember correctly ... sorry old age is getting to my brain or the wine (hehehehe)So for people that like the flavour of wood fired its amazing and yes to the ones critical of the other wood fired - its hot in those ovens and yes the crust may seem a little darker that is the whole idea of wood fired it has a very unique flavour and we usually get a large and split it and then a glass of wine or beer ...We had a good time staff seems really attentive so far cute little blonde served us last time I think her name was Grace ... Grace bravo she was fantastic .. and our Blair who also worked at the restaurant on the roof of the pier is here ... love ya Blair xoxo
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,5/30/2012,30,106,4,5,2>This place was sent to Treasure Island by the gods of cold delicious treats.SO good. Tons of flavors (including alcohol-score!) and friendly people.  I am strictly cherry but I'm pretty sure they can do no wrong.I'm lucky enough to be able to walk here so I can burn of 1/20th of the calories :) Expect a line if you go in the evening.  *this is also a much less expensive alternative for desert if you want to skip out on the restaurant next door (don't tell them I told you that).
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,5/8/2013,102,115,3,6,3>This is a really cool place to pamper your dog.  The owners are really helpful and great with dogs.  I know what you're thinking:"It's easy enough to wash a dog at home"Well, do you have waist high sinks, a grooming table with blow dryers and earth friendly shampoos?Do you enjoy washing the towels, tub and floor when you are done?If not, than this is for you.  It's affordable and you also have the option of dropping your pooch off for services if you don't have the time to stick around.   I took my kids with me today and they loved the teamwork approach. We even put some pretty nail polish on our little girl and my human children loved the idea!!!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,5/7/2013,62,105,,4,4>I cant believe we have lived about a 5 minute walk from this place for almost a year and just tried it for the first time! Not sure why we waited so long. We decided to get take out from Louis Pappas last night, and were extremely pleasantly surpised.I ordered the combo of half sandwich and chips and spreads. The chicken salad melt was phenomenal. This is probably my new favorite chicken salad in town. The bread was also part of what made the sandwich so good. I am not even sure what it was, maybe some kind of sourdough. It was fresh and perfect. The pita chips were definitely homemade, as was the hummus. I ate every bite.The husband got the prime rib sandwich and greek fries. He was also a huge fan. The husband picked up the take out and paid, so I really cant comment on the atmosphere or the price. But, on taste alone for a cafe it was definitely top notch for me. I cant wait to go eat in soon.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,5/6/2013,236,111,2,16,2>This review is going to be a little unfair.I mean, am I reviewing the DOCTOR...or his practice?As far as the doctor goes, Dr. Lura is THE MAN!  He is honest, to the point, ALWAYS runs on schedule and will take extra time with you if necessary.  He is very easy to talk to and extremely kind.  He also can be a bit of a wiseass, which I appreciate as we have similar senses of humor.  He is an extremely conscientious doctor, will explain things to you a half a dozen times if needed and his hours of practice are extremely convenient.  He does stay open late on Thursdays (til 7pm) and unlike most doctors, he is open all day on Fridays.  Doesn't do that "leave at noon" thing, which means that those of you who have jobs can actually get seen without having to leave your job early.Now, the practice?   If I was to rate his office staff...it would be a mixed bag.They are somewhat disorganized and you do have to sit on them to get them to call you back, answer questions and on occasion, can be a little rude, for lack of better term.  This really applies to the front office, who often gets it wrong.  His back office staff is pretty efficient.  I have to give a shout out to back office MA Sean, who is very kind, very warm and extremely caring.  He's a good guy and I like when he is the one who takes me to the back.  His front office staff...they are not a good reflection on the doctor, so if you are the type who is easily frustrated by an office staff who is not necessarily organized or doesn't necessarily return calls...this might not be a good fit for you.They also have a policy that you have to arrive 15 minutes early for your appointment or you will be rescheduled.  I have NO problem with this except for one TINY little detail...and that is the fact that they don't TELL you that until you are at the front desk and find yourself being rescheduled.  I have been going to the doctor for over 9 years now.  They NEVER had this policy.  Recently, I had an appointment because I was in a great deal of miserable pain due to a double ear infection.  My appointment was at 5:30, so I got there at 5:24.  Signed in...only to be told that I was going to have to reschedule my appointment for NOT being on time.  WHAAAAAAT??  I was absolutely on time!  Early, in fact!  Well, Chyna at the front desk was not having it. She said I was told to come in 15 minutes early.  I absolutely was not.  Valerie, the office manager said, "this has always been our policy". Um, no.  No it was not...as I have seen this staff turn over more times than a contortionist at a Cirque Du Soleil show.  I told her I was NEVER told this on the phone.  Actually, someone even called me back after I made the appointment to tell me that they forgot to write down what I was coming in for...and even in that second conversation, I was never told any thing of the sort.I'm standing at the front desk, crying my poor little eyes out because I was in AGONY with my ears.  You would think there would be an OUNCE of compassion, especially since I was one of their last patients and they would say, "well, now you know for next time."  No such luck.  Fortunately for me, the doc happened to come to the front office just as I was crying and asking them to PLEASE see me just this once and I promise, I will make sure to be earlier from now on.  They were still banging the "NO" drum when he said, "Let her come on back."  Even after that...when the doc left the area, there still had to be snark in the form of "Well, she's going to just have to sit and wait til the appointments for the day are done."I look left.I look right.There is NOBODY else in the waiting room.  Really???So, I sit my whiny, pained butt down to wait.  Two FULL minutes later she says, "Okay, you can come in."Do you feel better about yourself, doll?  You made me wait.  You got your way.  Hooray for you.  *eye roll*When I got to the back, a certain back office MA told me straight up "they ALWAYS forget to tell the patients to come in early.  I believe you.  They probably didn't tell you to come in 15 minutes early."Yes.  Vindication.  Indeed.Turns out I had a VERY serious infection that the doc was ready to hospitalize me for.  As a nurse, I find their behavior extremely disconcerting, because, had I been rescheduled and discouraged and had NOT come back, I would have been walking around with a very serious and highly contagious MRSA infection that could have potentially killed me.  So yeah, there are certain times when the front office should really NOT make the call on whether or not what you have going on is important enough to warrant you being seen, even if you were "late" by their standards.  I waited two days for them to call me back with test results.  Never got a call.All that said, the doc himself is awesome and I adore him...so FIVE for the doc, and THREE for the staff gives a Four Star review.Next time, I will try to write my review 15 minutes earlier.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,5/5/2013,99,497,3,5,1>I am a foodie and of course I love to eat out for breakfast, lunch and dinner, but for some reason breakfast is one of my favorite things to go out for and Eggstyle is a great place to find just that. With that being said, I generally order what I consider a "traditional" breakfast of eggs, bacon, potatoes, etc. All of these items are well done at Eggstyle. The eggs benedict with hollandaise sauce is also quite delectable. One of the extra touches I like here is the fresh fruit that comes with almost every breakfast platter ordered. If you're feeling adventurous, and I do mean very adventurous, try the cretons. It's hard to describe, but it's a Canadian breakfast food that is ground pork mixed with garlic and other various spices and made into a spread to put on toast. I've talked with many people who are too scared to even try it, but it's really worth checking it out here. Since the owners are Canadian, you can't find creton at many other places. I look forward to getting it every time I come in. My only complaint is the coffee isn't very tasty here, which I think is a necessary item at any breakfast place. Overall, service is good, fairly quick and polite servers.Next time you're wondering where to go for breakfast, head on over to Eggstyle for a real treat.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,5/4/2013,38,85,,10,1>I have been dining at this restaurant for a few years now and I think it has changed management and owners at least twice that I know of. The current management/owners have made some minor improvements including creating a hostess/checkout stand after closing one of the doors (this place is located in a strip mall and occupies a couple of suites) adding a couple of flatscreen TVs (for the solo diner but unfortunately the close captioning is not turned on the muted TVs) and keeping the floors clean but overall the decor of this place is not a draw at all. In fact, if I was to give a rating on the decor alone this place would fail miserably achieving quite possibly the lowest rating I could give. But fortunately for you my readers this is not why I highly recommend this place.First let's talk about pricing and value. On their website and throughout the Bay Area located in the free coupon mags you will find a coupon for this place which gives you two dollars off the standard price of $19.95. This makes it basically an all-you-can-eat joint for $18 so fairly decent there. It used to ring in at $14 which was a tremendous deal but several years have passed and the buffet items, which are your side items to the meat, have been upgraded slightly as well.Next I would like to describe to you the buffet. It is a smaller two section buffet containing both hot and cold items. On the right you can get soups, and various salad items. Highlights include the tabbouleh and the tomatoes. The tabbouleh is perfectly prepared with just the right amount of vinaigrette and mint. The tomatoes are beefsteak tomatoes cut into large wedges and I choose the creamy ranch dressing. On the hot side they always have white and yellow rice, black beans, a layered dish of ground sirloin eggplant and topped with a cream sauce and plantains. All of which are delicious. Also included on my last visit was largely sliced zucchini and squash cooked with onion. As good as these items are in my opinion I consider them a prelude to what is really the draw of this place and that is the meat.Like most Brazilian steakhouses the meat is brought to your table and sliced or served to you by the cook, is served from a rotisserie and it is a wide variety of meats including chicken, pork, lamb and steak. The similarities end there. As any good grill master will tell you, wood trumps gas all day long. This really brings out the flavor in the meat. I find it truly been delightful to be surprised each and every time I come to this restaurant with a different flavored meat. On this occasion, it was a Parmesan crusted pork loin that garnished my attention twice. It was tender, juicy, and incredibly flavorful with hints of smoke from the wood and just enough Parmesan. In the beef department, I have seen filet, prime rib and top sirloin served and most of the time, the top sirloin is actually better than the filet. The Prime rib is always juicy and tender. The filet is typically overcooked and is sometimes wrapped in bacon which I find to be incredibly salty. The chicken is usually little drumsticks which are fairly thick in size and moist and flavorful. My wife tells me the lamb is always truly nice although this can be overcooked sometimes, you do have the option to tell the cook how you would like it to be prepared however, which is a nice touch. They also have a homemade sausage which can be paired with some sort of mustard sauce you can find on your table. The sauce serves as an incredibly wonderful addition to the flavors of the sausage. It is a mild sausage and the sauce really helps spike it up.For beverages, they serve Pepsi products, a few beers and some wine but the highlight is truly their sangria. I must be forthright in telling you that I typically don't like sangria at all and I've had sangria from a variety of restaurants and never found it to be all that spectacular. Mostly I find that restaurants don't steep the fruit long enough and the bitterness of the dry red wine leaves me disappointed most of the time. This is not the case at TerraMar, It is homemade and it tastes simply wonderful. It is priced at $18 a pitcher or $5.25 a glass, the pitcher is the better value and you will thank me that you ordered more. The fruit for the sangria is perfectly minced into small pieces and you can tell by the color of the fruit that is been saturated in the wine for quite some time. Detecting notes of apple, pear, and cherry it's truly a delight. Warning, you will drink more than you think and eating the fruit in this case, will definitely affect you and your inability to eat more meat, which from a man's standpoint is a real drag.Taking everything into consideration I still rate this place as above average. It's affordable, and with some of the highlights on the buffet and some of the meats being truly delicious it stands above other restaurants in the same pricing category.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,5/3/2013,52,80,,13,2>Just got my third tattoo during my first visit at Ybor City Tattoo.  Wow.  I have never walked out of a tattoo shop already wanting to go back.  It is really quite a beautiful shop and I was shocked at the cleanliness.Not only was I uber-impressed with the nice looking store, but they were incredibly friendly!  They made me feel so comfortable right away.  My husband and I both were going in for tattoos so we emailed them earlier in the day to see if we would need appointments.  They were quick to respond and very helpful.  Since it was a Wednesday, they said it probably wouldn't be busy and asked us what we wanted.  We told them and when we showed up at the shop later that day, they already had designs for us to look at.  He drew what I wanted even more beautiful than I was imagining it in my head.  I knew exactly what I wanted, but I like to ask the experts' opinions on placement and design.  They're artists and they do this every day so I trust them.  They were totally willing to help and give me their opinion, which I really appreciated.The entire process was relatively easy.  I had my rib cage done and had heard a lot of people saying how painful that could be.  Maybe I was just nervous, but I didn't think it was nearly as bad as I was imagining.  Or maybe Curtis is just really talented.  I'm guessing the latter.  Curtis did both mine and my husband's tattoos and they are fantastic!  I was truly impressed by his skills, his professionalism, and patience.  He was so nice and made me very comfortable right away.  Definitely a big fan of Curtis, but judging by the portfolios I looked through while I was waiting, everyone at Ybor City Tattoo is talented.Oh and the price.....awesome!  I was very pleasantly surprised at how reasonable the prices were.  However, I am from New York so maybe I'm just not used to Tampa prices.Honestly, I can't think of one negative thing to say about this place.  I am beyond happy with the work and I'm not even in much pain.  It's in a great spot with a parking lot next door.  I highly recommend Ybor City if you're in the market for a new tattoo.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,5/2/2013,73,111,2,5,3>Peanut butter sriracha gelato.I could stop there, but I won't. From lattes to doughnuts to hand crafted chocolates this new bakery has everything for your sweet tooth.The lattes are a perfect mix of milk and espresso...and are HUGE. The doughnuts are perfectly cakey and eyes-roll-back-in-your-head good. The gelato is creamy and bursting with both familiar and unique flavors.Dough has a delicate vibe, but definitely has touches of Datz here and there.Will definitely be back here...again and again and again...
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,5/1/2013,19,39,,6,5>Great neighborhood spot! Has both deep dish Chicago Style Pizza and the thinner crust, New York Style varieties. Simple menu- pizzas, a range of toppings, a few salads and bread sticks. That's about it. But Cappys is so much more. Cappys has a great craft beer/cider selection that you choose yourself. The best part of the whole experience is the FROSTED GLASS FREEZER. I dont know why I love this so much- but you get to choose your own kind of frosted glass- from mugs to stout glasses. It's a really fun, homey touch to go and pour your own glass of beer.Not to mention the pizza is great! I love the veggie pizza or just mushroom and onions. Also, they put their menus on awesome albums- I've had the Mr. Roboto Styx album twice now. Also, the outside seating is really cute out on the lit patio- makes for a nice night in St. Pete away from the Downtown rush.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,4/30/2013,181,241,,7,3>This restaurant is phenom. PHENOM. The decor has been redone since Mr. Laxer's passing and his son took over the restaurant. Simply lovely. Service is top notch and I can't even describe how delicious everything always is. I've been coming to Bern's my whole life, my Dad has been dining at this restaurant since the 1960's and swears by it. Me too.My typical eats:Soup & Salad*, french onion is to die for.Chateau Briand (sometimes I get the tips if no one will split a steak with me) Medium Rare, Brushed with Garlic ButterSide of BernaiseLoaded baked potatoVeggies & Onion strings.*Vanilla Bean Macademia salad  dressing is AWESOMEWe always wrap up in the Dessert Room upstairs. Get the Macademia Nut ice cream. Even just a scoop.... you won't be sorry!Overall, a very nice dinner that is well paced with impeccable service and food quality, a true dining (and dessert!) experience.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,4/29/2013,391,402,2,3,3>Google was in town, and they were treating us to dinner. We decided against our usual go to - The Columbia on the pier - and it was voted on BellaBrava. I had never been, and haven't really had good Italian since coming to Tampa. I wouldn't say this is family-style, but for a modern Italian, it wasn't bad.We started with a number of appetizers-Gorgonzola Fonduta: great to share, and the cheese dip was really flavorful-Calamari con Frito Misto: Wasn't really impressed with the fried calamari-Ahi Tuna Carpaccio and Beef Carpaccio: the Beef was excellent, and the tuna wasn't bad either, but definitely something to get on Google's dollar-BBQ Chicken Flatbread: didn't get to try it, but considering it went fast, I'm sure it was good.-Fichi and Rucola Flatbread: I'm a fan of the mix of figs and gorgonzola. Nice.On to the main course I really wanted to try the Amberjack special, but it was in a fennel sauce, and I like our Google rep, hate fennel, so we were both a bit disappointed. However there was a filet special, and a sea scallops and gnocchi special. Most of us got  these two items. My boss was gloating about getting the filet, until he saw the Sea Scallops and Gnocchi, and then his boss laughed.I love Gnocchi, and was debating one of the 3 regular dishes, but a special on Gnocchi had me. The scallops and gnocchi were cooked perfectly. Now these weren't the best gnocchi I've had, but this was a great meal, and with all the appetizers I had some leftovers.The drinks were also great, but unless its brunch, stay away from Blood and Sand. Think a mimosa, but with Scotch. Awesome for breakfast, not so much dinner.For the record, our main server was excellent, and the additional staff was always perceptive.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,9/13/2012,143,641,5,9,5>Since this place is right down the road from where I work and Rich (who is trying tacos all over pinellas county) left a good review I thought I'd give it a shot.Friday right about 5:00 place was just picking up and hubby and I were the only gringos in sight. Greeted in spanish by a friendly gent who switched to english as soon as we said Hello. Then served by the uber nice waitress who is bilingual and runs the dining room like a well oiled machine.Since we wanted to leave a fair review (yeah that's the reason!) we ordered enough food for a small army. Starting with tacos, we tried the Lengua(tongue) tinga (chicken in chipotle sauce) and the Bistec (steak) At a $1.50 each you can't go wrong with the delicious babies. THe tongue was done nicely but still freaks out the hubby, the chicken was cooked nicely and not dry, the steak was a little chewy, but good. All served with cilantro and lime and your choice of green or red. Go for the red if you like a bite, it was nice and spicey!Moved on to the Carnitas Huarache. ($8.99) a MONDO tortillas filled with crispy delicious pieces of pork, beans, red and green sauce along with grilled cactus and green onions. This thing could feed two easy. The leftovers barely fit in a take out box. Did I mention how good the pork was?!Not to be dismayed by a full belly we moved on to sample the Pamabazo ($6.99)with chorizo and papas. It's a super soft roll filled with chorizo, potatos and white cheese dipped in the spicey red sauce I mentioned before and then fried on the grill and served with fries. Again, enough to feed two people and delicious spicy chorizo.Being the enchiladas freak I am I had to try the Enchiladas Rojas de Pollo. Chicken with red sauce ($9.99) crumbled with delicious white mexican cheese these thinly rolled delites were indeed tasty!Now being the rice and bean freak he is hubby had to try the frijoles charros ($4.99) A pinto bean soup with bacon and yes, more chorizo. And when I say they give you a quart of it, they literally do! These were the best beans I've had since I left New Mexico.This place is a definite repeat for us! No it's not upscale, no it's not fancy and you'd barely know it's there unless you look for it. And those, my friends, all equate to a delicious mexican experience you have to come back for.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,9/12/2012,47,20,4,14,3>So I'm a nurse and I do physical work that, in my opinion, requires frequent rejuvenating and pampering in order to maintain sanity and career endurance. Because of this need, I buy a lot of groupon deals for massages, facials, mani-pedis, etc. Unfortunately, many of these groupon deals have turned into awkward, uncomfortable....sometimes painful spa experiences. No joke. So when I bought this last one to Red Bamboo Medi-Spa, my expectations were low and my fear of another weird massage was very high....very.Getting an appointment for my Groupon took about a month out from when I called, which annoyed me, but I took as a good sign. Luckily they called me the day before to remind me of my impending pampering. When I finally found the place (it's in a shopping center and kinda hard to spot if you aren't familiar with the area), I was immediately impressed with fresh and calming aroma in the lobby air. A stark contrast to my last groupon spa experience which smelled like feet and mildew.Anyway, after checking in, they have you dress out into a soft cozy robe and slippers and send you to this little indoor zen garden like area to wait for your "services". They also give you a fancy wine glass to drink orange infused ice water from as you wait. I felt pretty important, not gonna lie. My Groupon package included a massage and a facial. Both were fantastic. The massage therapist was very thorough and focused in on my requested areas of "need". She was also socially appropriate which is a really big deal to me. More often  than not, I find the masseuse either talks waaaay too much (usually telling me about their weird medical problems when they realize I'm a nurse) or is uncomfortably quiet and refuses to answer my questions with any more than a meek "yes" or "no". The facial was also very refreshing and I was literally glowing when I left. Overall, I have nothing but warm fuzzy feelings for this place and the people that work there. I'm making another appointment soon and so should you.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/11/2012,16,145,2,4,3>Hands down the best breakfast I had since I moved here from Utah.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy with eggs and home-fries while my wife tried the asparagus and ham crepe special.The restaurant was busy but we were seated fairly fast for the amount of people that were there.  the table was clean, the server was nice, the decor was fun, and the manager talked to us personally several times to make sure we had everything we needed.The biscuits and gravy was great, not the best I've ever had but they were better than most places and the home-fries were amazing.  My wife's crepes were out of this world!  the idea of asparagus with ham and cheese in a crepe covered in honey mustard sounded odd but it was amazing!our food was cooked and brought to us within 3 minutes of us ordering which is amazing since the place was packed.  The servers are fast and attentive.  I would recommend this establishment for anyone who enjoys a great breakfast at a great price.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/10/2012,28,50,2,6,3>The best aspect here is BYOW! Bring your own wine. (We even bring our good glass.)Chief Keith comes out to visit you and his servers are too cute and most helpful.If it is not on the menu just ask. We have done this twice and it is fantastic.The vision of Chief Keith is to buy all local produce and meats. Even the sprouts are local produced. The sprouts are fantastic! The coffee here is local roasted and wow is it good.We like to sit on the patio under the shade of a great oak. And yes, people are encouraged to bring the dogs. They have many bowls for the dogs.His soups are visionary. He takes what is fresh and cooks up delicious meals.Yes it is a great place and yes we do go back.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,9/9/2012,10,62,3,6,4>Great little place. I'm guessing its just a husband and wife workin the place, which makes sense of the reserved seating. How else would they serve people in a timely matter! The food was great, the homemade soft pretzels could use a fancier mustard or butter, but they we're perfect with my liter of  beer. My fiance got the weinerschnitzel... have to say much better than the pork schnitzel worth the couple extra bucks for the quality meat. I also had rostbratwurst and some spatzel... i was pretty much all smiles while eating. I do miss the fact they don't have potato pancakes. I have to say, if i ever drop in and say they can't seat me, i'll gladly sit and wait at the mini bar with a pretzel and some beer. P.S. why the hell isn't german food more popular, i don't get it.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,9/8/2012,33,137,3,4,2>Pane Rustica is a nifty find in the middle of a strip mall on Macdill Avenue. I was impressed with the very trendy and upscale atmosphere. I could watch the Rays game on one of the TVs, too. I wish more restaurants would GET A CLUE and put on the local baseball team, without having to ask.The bread and hummus came right away, and, as a fan of hummus, I was very happy. Yum.It's not often that a drink was my favorite of my meal, but I ordered a specialty drink called the Moscow Mule. It is vodka with ginger beer and lime, served in a rustic, tin, Russian looking mug. Very cool, and very good! (The second one went down just as good, too!)I ordered the cheese plate appetizer, and to be honest, I can't remember all the fancy cheeses that it came with, but man, were they tasty. I love cheese, and my motto is, if cheese smells like stinky socks, you know it's good! There was one cheese that had a smokey flavor that I particularly liked.My entree was the Penne Rustica, which was penne pasta with kalamata olives, mushrooms, basil, and other veggies. It was cooked perfectly, and delicious. No complaints at all. My sister-in-law got one of the flat bread pizzas, and it looked awesome. Next time, I am going to try one of those!To finish, the pistachio gelato was extremely flavorful - more so than any other pistachio gelato I have tried. (And that is a lot. Trust me.)I don't get over to Tampa that often, but I really enjoyed Pane Rustica.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,9/6/2012,82,20,1,8,5>My husband and I finally made our way to Cinebistro last year after we got a groupon for Fandango. The price ended up being $9 for two tickets instead of $29 so it was a great deal! We can't always afford tickets this expensive but it is really fun every once in awhile for a date night.The atmosphere is classy, chic and sophisticated. We got there early to order dinner and we were really pleased with the service, and the comfortability of the seats. They have big comfy leather seats with trays that move in front of you for dinner and you can push them aside during the film. When I heard dinner theatre I pictured tables and chairs but this made a lot more sense lol.The meals were good but overpriced. They appeared to have been prepared earlier in the day and warmed for dinner. Everything tasted good though. Our first time we had full meals, desserts and cocktails and ended up spending close to $80 just on dinner (plus tickets). We have returned several times but now we dine before going and just order a pitcher of beer and popcorn to save a little money. I will definitely recommend planning in advance and purchasing tickets on Fandango ahead of time. They usually sell out several hours before showtime.This is definitely a great movie-going experience and I highly recommend trying Cinebistro.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,9/5/2012,181,144,3,6,4>5 ++++My experience here was incredible, I hope to go back soon and experience the same. We were brought here by friends and our experience started before we went inside when a very young man nailed a car on the street, so the excitement came early ... we only waited 5 minutes ... worth every second!We were first greeted with salsa and chips and the salsa was just enough heat.  My friend ordered sangria which I am not normally a fan of but their choice of red wine is perfect.  My honey ordered the stuffed shrimp which I'm assuming the moans at each bite meant they were great .. lolIf you like the hint of blue cheese you have to try their Gorgonzola Stuffed Filet, it was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth, accompanied by garlic mashed potatoes and fresh steamed vegetables ...Again yum yum yumCan't wait to go back it was an amazing experience
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,9/4/2012,263,174,3,8,5>Last night two girlfriends and I braved the rain to head to Three Birds Tavern for dinner and drinks. It wasn't too crowded on a rainy Wednesday night. We had excellent service and started with drinks. Three Birds has a large beer and wine menu, but no cocktail menu...the waitress said you just have to be creative if you want a cocktail. I got one of my staples, a dirty martini with Ketel One, and it was fine (I always want them really dirty, and this one was pretty clear...after the first few sips who cares?).Based on other Yelp reviews (especially @Thomas A.'s five star bread pudding review), I really wanted sweet potato fries and bread pudding. I decided to get the sweet potato fries and gorgonzola wedge salad as my entree. Both items were HUGE and amazingly delicious. (see photos) I often order a wedge salad because I love blue cheese, and I think this was the best wedge salad I have ever had. The gorgonzola (both crumbled and creamy) was delicious and the bacon definitely took it up a notch. The sweet potato fries were served in a huge serving bowl, and the whole table shared them and I still took a large amount home for later. They were delicious, but I tried to save some room for dessert.My friends got the muffeletta sandwich and the black bean soup and salad, and they were all happy with their meals.We shared the bread pudding for dessert and couldn't stop "mmmmm'ing". It was beyond amazing and everything that @Thomas A. said it would be.We had attentive, excellent service, good drinks, yummy food and great company. What else could you ask for? Now I want to go back and try the truffle oil fries!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,9/3/2012,288,121,2,3,3>LOVE this studio!!!They have an awesome new student deal - 5 classes for $25! - a killer deal for a yoga studio of this caliber. I took advantage of this deal last Fall and loved taking classes with Ashley. The studio is fairly small, which means the classes are all fairly small and personal. I attended evening classes and each one consisted of 3-5 people tops!  Ashley was great at providing corrections when needed and leading the class based off of how we were feeling, rather than a set protocol. And since the class was so intimate, we were able to try inversions and several other complicated poses I've never had the chance to practice in larger classes. I'm only sad this studio is so far from where I live. If it was a little closer to the north end of Tampa, I promise I would be there every night!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,3/12/2014,236,111,5,7,5>Yogurtology.What I can say?  They converted me.  I am a die hard disbeliever in anything somewhat good for you being enjoyable.  But, Yogurtology disproves all of that, by being the best of both worlds.  You can be naughty.  You can be nice.  And you can choose to do both, relatively guilt free.First, the place itself. CRAZY clean.  Kind of looks like a sexy penthouse apartment on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.  White, clean, streamline.  Very contemporary. Blows my mind that they went with white chairs, white benches and white tables when there is all that chocolatey goodness everywhere.  Yet, the place sparkles from top(pings) to bottom(s).We'll address that little pun in just a moment.Let me walk you through the Yogurtology experience.Pull up.  Plenty of parking in the shopping center.  If you can't find some right out front, there is some just off to the right.  A beautiful little green area outside with super clean tables with umbrellas and benches to enjoy your sweet treat during this balmy Florida winter we're having.  How that area manages to stay so spotless outside is beyond me.  Step into the front door.  We were greeted immediately by Freddy and Diane.  Lovely folks who took us on a quick tour of the place, pointed out all the highlights (which I will TRY to relay with a fraction of the eloquence they did) and told us about the checkout process (so easy!) They also assisted us with little tasting cups to sample different flavors.  But, I am getting ahead of myself (cause it's so damn GOOD!)  First look to the right...white couch, big screen TV over the couch.  And then, the "bottoms" bar.  Here is where you find the cups in varying sizes where you will start sculpting your work of art.  In this case you will find pound cake, brownies, waffles, etc.  Choose one, stack two, Get greedy, rock three!  But steady yourself...because your next step? The wall of yogurt.  The long, lovely, curvy, beautiful wall of yogurt.  What I really loved about this wall, is not only are there like, video monitors, showing you the flavor with a pretty pic, but there is also the nutritional information and all possible allergens are listed there as well as any yogurts that are "NSA" (no sugar added)I think, if memory serves, there were...14 flavors?  I can't name them all.  I am not even going to attempt to try.  I just need to show you THIS:yogurtology.com/menu/our(Fluffy Cotton Candy? Peanut Butter and Jelly?  SMORES????   STOP!!!  My inner 9 year old is losing her MIND!)Please wipe the drool from your keyboard.  I chose a yummy Golden Cupcake Batter and a Salted Caramel yogurt combo over a bottom of pound cake.  I also added a squirt of the (seasonal only) pumpkin spice yogurt, since the day I came in was the last day it was available.  I was not letting it get away from me.  I COULD have very happily stopped right there...but then, look to the left.The toppings bar.  Oh my GAWD.  Cookies, candies, cakes, nuts, fruits...there's just every possible topping you can imagine. You can go healthy or you can go full on diabetic coma.  Pile on a little, pile on a lot.  It's all about you at this point.  Then, afterward, the Slopping Bar...this is an assisted area, with sauces like strawberry sauce, butterscotch, whipped cream, fudges, etc.  Then, put your Masterpiece on the scale, weigh it and pay it.  Then you are off to eat to your hearts delight.  They have cold drinks behind the counter.  They have doggie yogurt treats to bring home to your favorite four legged.  But one of the best things they have is a very charitable heart.  They do fundraising for local and national charities where you can go out, have your yummy yogurt while making 20% of the proceeds from your party go to the charity of your choice.  yogurtology.com/fundraisThey even had a fudgey chocolate flavor that day, sponsored by Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte with all proceeds from that flavor going to the Muscular Dystrophy Foundation.  swimswam.com/ryan-lochteI don't know about you, but if I am going to go off the "deep end" (ha, swim joke!) with my yogurt, I am going to make sure that my money goes to a good cause.  Eat good, do good.  Or, balance out your too many candy toppings karma by eating a flavor that gives your hard earned cash to a good cause.  Bottom line, I loved the whole Yogurtology experience.  It was the most fun you can possibly have with your clothes on...but, should you want to try it with your clothes off?  They have full on "to go" service.  They also sell cute T-shirts, should you get sloppy with your toppings.Oh, and before I forget?  Two words for you Mom's?  Party Room!  They have a large back room for parties, office meetings, baby showers, "sweet" 16 pre parties, whatever!  It's a great place to hold a party of about 30 people.Just go.  It's amazing. Tell Freddy "Natasha" sent you. ;)
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,3/11/2014,84,144,3,20,6>This is a review for Lasik consultation only, not the procedure.--------------------------------------After weeks of researching online and asking everyone I know who had gotten Lasik, I decided to get consultations from LasikPlus as well as Updegraff Vision and Eye Institute of West Florida. Here are the rankings:Consultation:1) LasikPlus2) Updegraff3) Eye InstituteThe consultation at LasikPlus was wonderful. Lisa, the Certified Ophthalmic Assistant, was great from beginning to end. Here, you get only one assistant who performs all the measurements and even tells you the cost at the end. The part I like the most about my consultation is that Lisa explained to me what each piece of equipment measures as she's about to perform that measurement.As far as getting ready for the procedure and afterwards, if you choose LasikPlus, there'll be medications you'll have to get. Prescriptions will be given when you schedule your appt.I was also told that my Lasik is guaranteed for life, as long as I go to the proper follow-up appts and have my eyes checked by an eye doctor once a year. This is comforting knowing how much Lasik costs.Meeting doctor who will perform the procedure:1) Updegraff2) Eye Institute3) LasikPlus (did not meet doctor)At LasikPlus, and based on my research all LasikPlus across the country, the patients don't get to meet the doctor until the day of the procedure. After the assistant was done with certain measurements, I was asked to wait to see Dr Petit O.D. He did some more measurements and approved me for Lasik. But he's not the one who's going to do the procedure, instead Dr Groden will, though I won't see him until the day of. Due to this reason in the end I ruled out LasikPlus.Condition of office and equipment:1) LasikPlus2) Updegraff3) Eye InstituteLasikPlus was a cleanest and the machines looked clean.Cost (cheapest to most expensive):1) LasikPlus2) Updegraff3) West InstituteLasikPlus had a promo at the time, so my procedure would have costed around $4,000, which was the cheapest of the 3.Closest to home, easier for follow-ups:1) Updegraff2) LasikPlus3) Eye InstituteI ruled out Eye Institute immediately because I didn't feel like I was treated as a valued patient. I was then torn between LasikPlus and Updegraff. In the end I chose Updegraff Vision because I met and was examined by Dr Updegraff during my consultation. What drove me away from LasikPlus was not meeting the doctor until the day of the procedure.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,3/10/2014,252,699,4,10,6>I've always been a fan of the Mary's chain, but the Clearwater location wins HANDs down.  First, it's closer to me than the Ybor location. Second the place is open and roomy, not a cramped locale where the stage is an after thought.  Third, the service (Provided by Felicia Fox) was second to none! We wanted for nothing! She was attentive and very warm.  I will make sure I ask for her as a waitress -every- time.The food was good, we started with fried Mac & Cheese, Not at all on my diet, but SO damned good. My friend had their Cheese burger with bacon and it turned out to be a 9 napkin hamburger! That's one juicy piece of beef!  I had the "Party at the Club" salad, and it was pretty damned good. My only complaint was the bacon.. it was tiny itty over cooked bits, rather than larger chunks.  I will be coming back with friends for their buffet on a Sunday, and certainly be back on a Friday night for a show when some of the most talented female impersonators in the area take their stage.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,3/9/2014,159,231,3,10,6>I drive by here all the time and had no idea it was here until a friend suggested it for lunch. The restaurant occupies one of 4 spaces in a small two story plaza next to Hank's BBQ on Dale Mabry. You'll be surprised at how nice it is inside. According to the menu, they specialize in arepas so that's what I went with. The have quite a selection of arepas stuffed with different meats and veggies. I ordered one stuffed with chorizo, chicken, steak and avocado. The melty cheese inside of it was delicious (Does anyone know what kind of cheese this is? Almost like a fresh mozzarella as far as texture). It was so good (the grilled meats are excellent!) and I swear there was an entire avocado tree inside. I have nothing but love for a restaurant that errs on the side of too much avocado. There was so much deliciousness stuffed into the arepa that it was kind of hard to eat. I had to attack it with a knife and fork but wish I had been able to pick it up and eat it like a sandwich. When I go back I will probably try one with less ingredients in it for that reason. My friend ordered a beef burger which is actually a piece of steak, not ground beef. Score!HUGE portions here, too. It takes a long time for the food to come out (you can be sure it's all made to order!), so definitely not a good place if you're in a rush.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/8/2014,425,183,7,12,10>After a few months of living in Tampa I was really craving Vietnamese food. I looked at my long list of bookmarked restaurants on my Yelp App and decided to give this place a try. It was a little after 12pm and I noticed how busy they were, but I was lucky to find a seat. I was greeted right away and given a menu. The first thing I noticed on the menu was the incredibly low prices. I ordered the Meatball and Steak Pho ($6) and fresh spring rolls (2pcs for $3). As I was waiting for my food I noticed how super busy, but how quick there service was. So many people coming in and out I knew it was a good sign. Less than 5 minutes my food was on the table. The fresh rolls were pretty good. I thought the peanut sauce was just ok, I added a lot of Sriracha for some heat. My Pho was steaming hot and smelled oh so good! I garnished my Pho with all the fine fix ins (I like mine extra Spicy!) and digged in. WOW! That was one of the best bowl of Pho's I ever had! The broth was soooo flavorful and just perfect! I will definitely be back!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,3/7/2014,28,115,3,9,4>I tried TacoSon for the first time this past Saturday. It was great! Reading through some of the reviews, I was nervous about the level of service but honestly, both girls working last weekend were very nice and efficient. My husband and I were immediately greeted at the door, asked if we needed a menu, told the specials, and told if we had questions to let them know.The menu is good, they have all the staples plus a few things they call their own. I had a sandwich (can't remember the name but it was GOOD) that was topped with refried beans, guac, barbacoa (steak!!!) all the veggies and cheese. It was fresh and appropriately greasy although I definitely had to eat it with a knife and fork (MESSY!) My husband had the flautas and said they were amazing; especially when covered in queso. Overall this was a great experience. I live a little less than 5 mins away and will definitely be a regular here!!!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,3/6/2014,54,274,1,11,3>NOTE: THIS IS REALLY A 4.5 STAR REVIEW!!!!!The reason I am docking half a star for Kelp Sushi Joint is because they haven't mastered the sticky rice thing yet and the rolls fall apart when you pick them up. Or at least that is what happened to us when we stopped in the other day.Otherwise, this is definitely the freshest most imaginative sushi I've had so far in Tampa Bay. This is the kind of sushi place you'd find in Chicago or Miami or Philly. Awesome variety of rolls, wonderful ambiance/decor, excellent service. I expect this place to get very popular very fast. NOTE: THIS PLACE SEEEMS TO FOCUS MORE ON COOKED ROLLS.The only negatives I see that could affect its success is the location, which you can't really see unless you look very hard. It's not right on Bay to Bay, it's deep in the crevices of a little strip mall on Bay to Bay. Also, the place is very small and has only 4 or 5 tables inside. Lots of outdoor seating, if you are into that. Me, I prefer A/C and no bugs. That could present a challenge as I can easily imagine that once this place gets more popular, inside tables will be scarce. They should have made the kitchen smaller and the dining space larger.Yummy rolls you will be craving all the time.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,3/5/2014,12,68,3,8,4>It was my first "First Friday" down in St. Pete when we stumbled onto this little gem. We spotted it from the hustle and bustle of the street events and decided to give it a gander. When entering a Taste for Wine we had to walk down a red brick alley way that reminded me of Savannah, Ga. After going a ten feet or so it opened up to a hidden quiet square that had red brick steps leading upstairs to A Taste for Wine. It was quaint inside, dimly lit but not too dark. There were sofas to sit on, comfortable bar chairs and smiles and greeting from the staff. The owner was in and was able to give us great advice on wines as well as sparkling wine and champagne. Being that it was "First Friday" the balcony seating was overtaken however we were told that there is always plenty of outside sitting on a normal day. by far one of my favorite memories of this evening was walking into A Taste for Wine. It is a must go for novices and connoisseurs alike.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/4/2014,326,189,6,11,6>I've been hitting Kelly's since I moved here the first time in 2009.  This is hands down my favorite place in the Clearwater area.  The daily Benedict's are almost always amazing.  The daily muffins and quiches never fail to be great.  The Bloody Mary's are some of the best I've had anywhere.The prices are good by Clearwater standards and dirt cheap by everywhere else in the country standards.  The Bloody Mary was $3 on Sunday...not sure if that is always the price.The bar area outside is very laid back. The atmosphere can't be beat.  They sometimes have live bands, like the Black Honkeys, and that makes for a fun evening.  This place is gay friendly, well actually it is everyone friendly.  I love that.  It is a comfortable mix and no one seems to be the least bit uptight about anything...I feel like I am back in California right in downtown Dunedin.  Love it! We are regulars here and will continue to be as long as I'm living here.  If we move, we will come back here when we visit.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,3/3/2014,288,121,1,8,5>My co-workers and I enjoyed lunch here last Friday. I must have driven by the building a hundred times, but never noticed there was a restaurant inside before. We were greeted by a an older African lady who seated our large group right away. We were handed menus, but the Friday buffet was too good of a deal to pass up. She offered to walk us through the buffet to let us know what each item was, but we decided to take our chances and just try everything as a surprise. For our vegan friend, 9 items on he buffet were vegan/vegetarian friendly. I sampled a little bit of everything. The dishes were all full of spice and flavor. I particularly enjoyed the mushroom and collard dishes. We all enjoyed black coffee at the end. Who needs cream or sugar when the coffee is perfect on its own?
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,10/11/2014,97,334,4,4,3>The location is what this place has got going for them, in addition to the over-the-top friendly employees and servers. We stopped in after a day on the boat and passing by on our way to the marina. Located on the strip of sponge docks, you can choose to sit inside or sit outside (be forewarned...the view is breathtaking, the smell makes you want to hold your breath). We opted to sit outside as we felt slightly underdressed.Our server was attentive and brought drink refills regularly, and he was very knowledgeable about the menu. He also loaded us up on the delicious bread and oil. Yum. I ordered the Greek salad and it was pretty delicious. I can't say it's the most amazing thing I've ever had because I feel like that is easily replicated. They do have another salad that others at my table ordered and were very pleased with. However, don't go with the "market price" shrimp you can add to your salad. This equated to 3 shrimp and a $6 upcharge. Yeah...$2 per shrimp. Pffft. If you like crispy fries...forget it. These are the ones designed to be soggy, much to the dismay of a picky eater in our group. They also don't have much flavor. Stick to the bread! They have a parking lot across the street that seemed to have plenty of room, and you can park there for free. Or you can get swindled by the Sponge-o-rama guys who charge you $3 to park in their ultra convenient lot and make you think there aren't any spots across the street in the free lot.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,10/10/2014,42,42,3,5,4>Drove by and saw this place and the yelp rating. When it comes to pizza, I'm always in. But seeing "Detroit pizza", which I have never had before, I definitely had to try it.  I called and ordered a 6 square supreme and came an hour later after hitting some traffic. When I get there, the guy there tells me they don't have my pizza. He sees the ticket for my order but guess the previous shift left before making my pizza. The guy said he can make me the 8 square for the price of the 6 square in 10 mins which I found weird because I first placed the order I was told it would take 20 mins. I figured I am here anyways so might as well try it right? It did come out in about 10 mins. It looked like Little Caesars pan pizza except this one had sauce on top and was a little less greasy. It was nice and crispy but a little runny from the sauce on top. It was really good.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,10/9/2014,93,156,5,8,7>You would never know this place existed as there's no signs on dale Mabry, and the tints on the buildings windows, are so dark, it looks closed and uninviting.  I am in this plaza all the time at the gym next door, and always thought it was some type of club judging from the exterior and "eccentric" looking middle aged people I always saw going in.  Needless to say, yelp intrigued me and I thought I'd give it a try.  It was dead as a doorknob on a Saturday night, and that almost made me turn around.  The inside is actually very modern, clean and comforting.  I'm really glad we gave this place a chance, because the food was by far one of the best I've had so far.  Our server was so nice, after my husband and I argued over getting their tuna tartar over mac'n'cheese bacon bites, she brought out a half portion at no charge, for him to try.  The plates are small, almost le a tapistry bar, but after ordering the chicken curry skewers, bison burger bites, tuna tartar & goat cheese spread, we were stuffed.  Even before our groupon, the bill only came to $47 (two spirit drinks added).  I am glad we didn't shy away because NOTHING was disappointing about this place!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,10/8/2014,18,44,5,7,4>Tired of your typical Chinese food? I was, until I discovered Bunga Raya.This is definitely the newest, best-kept secret in Palm Harbor.  It's not just anotherAsian restaurant and sushi bar because Lee, the owner, takes pride in her Malaysian heritage and especially her family recipes, which cover Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese and Malaysia. We stumbled upon this hidden gem and it is becoming our favorite dining destination, as we have eaten here 3 times in the past 2 weeks. I liked it so much that I even held one of my famous dinner foodie events here with 12 people, enjoying all of the entrees and partaking of the video of the event.All of us received a sampling of the most savory appetizers, consisting of a crispy crab Rangoon (I have enjoyed this at many restaurants and this version blew me away), deep-fried pork dumplings, Malaysian vegetable rolls, rodi canali (Indian pancake with lightly spiced curry sauce), mouth-watering satay chicken with peanut sauce and deep-fried shrimp tempura.  Each one was so tasty and delicious it was hard to determine which one was the best dish of the night!Lee gave us a huge sampling of Malaysian entrees, including sambal shrimp, kung pao chicken, curry Laksa, fried koay tow and Cantonese seafood noodles.It was like taking a trip to a Malaysian garden of wonderful flavors and spices, without the expense. To top it off, we had a sampling of Holi Moli Cheesecakes. These are the creamiest,most decadent desserts I've ever had in an Asian restaurant.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,10/7/2014,288,121,3,5,6>If you haven't been to the new Jet City Espresso location in Seminole Heights - run, don't walk, and get yourself a Cafe Borgia STAT! I was always a fan of the original location, but this one just goes above and beyond. From the moment you walk in the door it feels like home with plenty of tables, chairs, and couches to sit and relax on. It's a great atmosphere for working on paper or just simply to relax with a good book. I loved the soft music playing in the background and, of course, Jess always makes all the patrons feel at home. I ordered a Cafe Borgia and a mozzarella and basil sandwich. I'll admit the sandwich was a little pricey for the size, but it was all made fresh and was very tasty. Very simple flavors that complemented each other perfectly. For dessert I had a lavender chocolate chip cookie, which was amazing. The cookie was my favorite part of the meal, especially since they warmed the cookie for me. Warm cookie-= winning. The food menu is small and simple, but sometimes we need small and simple. I can't wait to return and enjoy another quiet afternoon reading a book and drinking a Cafe Borgia.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,10/6/2014,398,173,4,8,4>It was a mere coincidence that I stumbled upon this place, I was looking for a sea food place and It happen that I checked on Yelp (as usual), on the nearest restaurant with decent rating, if it wasn't for Yelp reviews, I would probably would have kept going.  Walking in you  will find yourself in a very casual beach cottage decorated place, the waitress was very relaxed and friendly, which what you expect from a sea food restaurant. Most of the reviewers bragged about the She crab soup, and I am glad I gave it a try, it was full of flavors without the fishy taste.  I ordered the linguini with mussels for an entree, it was also delicious, I am usually very careful about ordering mussles, it is miss or hit meal, this was definitely a hit. Overall our culinary experience was very delightful.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,10/5/2014,151,249,4,7,6>Super cool place. Intimate is what I would pick if I had to use one word to describe it. The speakeasy part is kind of fun, but not a true speakeasy. There's a sign on Howard with a $5 valet sign.  :-) There is a password required for entry, which they will call you with the day of your reservation. You'll enter the beautiful wooden door at the bottom of an apartment or condo building. Eyes take some time to adjust to the darkness and you'll be hit with a musty basement smell. We were taken to a dark, cozy booth with a sheer, closed curtain. It's almost like a private little room. Our booth was for four, but between the two of us there was just enough room for our food and drinks, so I would recommend you ask for the larger booths if you're more than two and plan to eat. Speaking of eating, the truffle popcorn is as good as everyone says. If you're a fan of truffle, this is a great way to get your fix. The crab martini was fresh and fantastic, and the cheese fondue without mushrooms was perfect. Our server was very young but gave the impression he knew more about liquor and beverages than an old bartender. He was helpful with picking out a drink from their interesting menu and gave a nice presentation when serving our absinthe. Our food came out quickly, but our drinks arrived slow. There was also a bizarre situation. We're having an intimate evening and another employee enters, doesn't introduce herself, then she completely ignores me. It was odd. We were confused. Overall, it's an experience and a nice romantic spot or a great pre-party place. The bar was pretty lively. I'd come back there if not on a date. Check out the menu before you arrive if you like to study beforehand.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,10/4/2014,113,80,6,9,6>I'm thinking I'll give them some space....but I know I'll be back sooner than that!I had the Pig Wings...what a concept! They were tender, and very meaty. That pork cut is semi-lean and it seems that it was marinated properly and then deep-fried (oops, there it is!). It reminded me of Cuban Masitas de Puerco, without the mojo. They serve 5 drummies with a sauce of your choice (I had the Ranch-Sriracha), and it's enough to satisfy a couple of hours of my high maintenance stomach. If you want them for dinner you may want to order a soup or salad to complement it. I'm not R. Kelly but I felt like..."My heart is telling me no....but my mouth is telling me yes!" I had an inner conflict (cholesterol and all that crap) and I ended up not having a second order of this recent discovery. They also offer healthier choices including vegetarian options.When the food is great, the customers are happy, the environment gets attractive and ends up being, one more time, a joyful experience.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,10/3/2014,102,330,3,8,5>Bella Brava gets 4 stars for this rating because they consistently make good flatbread pizzas and they have friendly service that remembers your face (that fact is mostly hearsay).My fiancée has been here multiple times for lunch. Generally they get her in and out without any time issues for her lunch hour. We met a former professor here yesterday. We sat outside and enjoyed the weather in lovely downtown St. Pete. We took our sweet time and caught up with lots of talking and no so much menu browsing and ordering. Therefore, our food was not super fast, but the meal was super enjoyable. My fiancee always gets the margherita flat bread. I got the bbq chicken flatbread. I would recommend both.Service was friendly and talkative. Menu has lots of items that sound wonderful, and location, location, location. This was a wonderful experience and I am sure there will be more to come.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,10/2/2014,63,147,4,6,4>Cru Cellars has a hidden identity, from the outside it fools you into thinking, they are just a simple retail wine store.  When you venture inside and turn a corner you are greeted with a well lit bar and a cozy back patio.  The patio even has privacy curtained area for a small group.This wine bar does NOT disappoint with its extensive selection of wine. The menu has several flights of reds and whites for your taste pleasure.  Pair your flights with a combination cheese and meats plate ( served on wood plank ) and you have yourself a perfect gastro experience.  Its even BETTER if you are with beautiful company, nothing can make it better.   The staff are very helpful and attentive to your needs and provide excellent suggestions on selection if requested.   All in all a great place for spending a late afternoon or early evening conversing away in a cozy environment.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,10/30/2011,143,641,2,3,2>Anyone who knows me or has read my reviews knows I'm not big on greek restaurants. Belly dancers swinging their hair around plated food items grosses me out. Tossing hundreds of napkins in the air goes against all of my recycle genes and I don't eat lamb, as you can read in  my first review here.So that being said I had a really good 2nd dinner here! I'll be honest we were here for happy hour (2-4-1 domestic bottles, no draughts though) and got food to go so we didn't expect a lot but were pleasantly surprised.Ordered hummus & pita, the hummus was good, a little chunky, not over processed with just the right anount of garlic. Also had the dolmades, but asked for the dinner version (with meat) instead of the appetizer version without. Received 4 decent sized dolmades with a delicious lemony sauce. Really good.Dinner I had the chicken souvlaki (kebabs) and hubby had the gyro. The dinners come open faced with fries and a greek salad. I agree with previous reviewer they should offer choice of one or other and bring the prices down. Personally I dont want am american french fry with authentic greek food, save it for the kids.Nice atmosphere, royal blue decor overlooking the pond. Outside seating can render you hapless to the overwhelming smell of garbage cans. The bartender is nice and friendly as was the owner. Really a decent place to hit off time if you don't like the whole whooptodo like me.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,10/29/2011,105,97,,6,3>I can't believe it took me so long to discover Doormet. I admit I didn't get the name until an explanation, but that turned out to be a release of some sort.Now, I'm addicted by every definition of the word. I've ordered delivery for the late-night creative crew at my office 3-4 times in the past month alone, simply because Doormet has one of those menus where *everyone* can find a favorite. From order to office-step, it's about 45-70 minutes.On my own, I've stopped in for lunch takeout and ordered delivery for home. Always good.A few standouts: - Doormet delivers wine. Sa-weet, esp. if your racks are empty.  - Caprese salad rocks. Granted, I alter the original version (due to my aversion to avocado), but it still is a uniquely delish MEAL ... versus just the starter you'll find at most restaurants. - The Truffle Mac 'n' Cheese is sinfully delish. So are the Crispy Potatoes. Side note: The sides, in general, are relatively inexpensive ($5 and $3), so there's no harm in trying all of them at some point or another (which I have). :)One wish-list item: - More shrimp and seafood in the entree section are extremely welcome. Sometimes I'm craving something more robust than a salad and a side, and chicken doesn't cut it. A shrimp pasta or a grilled fish entree would be divine. I'm sure there's probably a challenge with the freshness thing, but I think I'd rather hear of a sell-out due to limited quantities than avoid a restaurant altogether due to a lacking menu.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,10/27/2011,107,182,6,7,4>I am a third generation Tampanian with the deepest Ybor City roots a gal can have. With that said, I know what a real cuban sandwich is and I also know was a real deviled crab is. There are so many immitations or bad impersonators as I like to call them. Some, it's not their fault. You can't just relocate to Tampa from someplace else and pretend to know what the real deal is. You either have it in your blood or you don't. I like to think Brocato's is old school, the real deal, with crab and palm leaves running thru their veins. My mom actually turned me on to this place. I relocated SOOO far across the bridge to St. Petersburg where you can't find aunthentic cubans and Deviled Crabs very often. I went to her house one day and she had a smorgasboard of cuban delight on her counter. One bite and I was hooked. This was yrs ago. For non Tampanians, please do not refer to a deviled crab as anything crab cake. It makes me want to slap you thru the yelp page. It isn't a crab cake. The whole point of the deviled crab history was when immigrants had an abundance of blue crab meat in the Tampa waters and a lot of leftover cuban bread and crackers and sofrito. They are rediculously time consuming to make and they must be made with love.If not, it shows.  I think Brocato's does this. It is a lot of crab meat and not all breading. They don't make them cheap, they make them large and filling. While I am more prone to get take out orders and stock up to "cross the bridge", it is a fun and old divey place I don't mind hanging out in. Now, I am craving a deviled crab. darn it.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,10/26/2011,1,28,,3,3>Woke up early on Saturday on a mission for some good breakfast.  I had heard there was some interesting and eclectic places in Dunedin, so I hopped in the car for a 10 minute drive.Kelly's did not disappoint, Starting with a spicy bloody mary and coffee.  Coffee and bloody mary in hand, I perused the menu and the happenings.The waitstaff were extremely competent, outgoing but down to business and excellent at their trade.I decided on the roast beef hash and eggs.  A big fan of corned beef hash and had heard a great roast beef hash would put it to shame.  It arrived in its own bowl and I was surprised to find, trimmed perfectly seasoned roast beef slices in a potato cheesy sauce.  Very good!  Complimenting it was potatoes cooked in a hot sauce and were a great compliment, the eggs were cooked just right.  After hearing the specials- I also decide on a butterscotch blackberry muffin which was amazing.  Overall- Kelly's was a great find.  Would love to try out other things on the menu- and Im pretty sure I will.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,10/24/2011,112,150,7,1,3>Hypothetically speaking, if you were to wander in here walking home after having a few drinks and were not quite ready to end your night, saw a huge dance floor and felt like you were the next contestant on So You Think You Can Dance and just wanted to let loose with absolutely no one caring. This would be the perfect spot. Hypothetically speaking, of course!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,10/23/2011,236,111,5,6,6>Sometimes, you meet people on the craziest ways.Donna, the owner of Happiness Is Florist and I happened upon each other in one of those kooky kind of ways and it happened right here...on Yelp.  Donna had a strong opinion upon one of my reviews of another business.  She vehemently disagreed with one my my assessments of another business I reviewed.  We, how do I put this delicately, "exchanged words", letting each other know that we did not have similar experiences.  She thought I was a bit rough on another business and let me know in a way that only a New Yorker could express to a fellow New Yorker. ;)  After we agreed to disagree * ahem* she offered me the opportunity to show ME how a good experience should go down in her view.  And, being the kind-hearted, delicate flower of a woman that I am, I took her up on it.I have not physically been in the Happiness Is Florist store.  I recently had a major surgery that had me bed bound for a few weeks.  So, when I reached out to Donna that the time had come to "prove herself", she really had her work cut out for her.  Not only could I not get to her shop due to my surgery, but she had the additional challenge of not being able to speak with me by phone as I am a hard of hearing client who needs to do the bulk of my communicating via email and/or text messages.  My son was celebrating his anniversary of a WHOLE ENTIRE MONTH with his girlfriend.  (Mind you, one month for a 15 year old is the equivalent of a 20 year marriage when you are in high school.)  He wanted to impress her so I thought to myself, "Let's call in Donna on this one.  This should be a fun..." (insert sadistic laughter here)Miss Donna was kind enough to provide me with her personal cellphone number so that I could text her as to what I needed to order, along with my personal banking information in order to pay her and to write out what the card needed to say.  I had ordered a bouquet of red roses.  I wanted it in a "beauty pageant" type set up...no vase, but rather, laid out in a way that my sons beloved could promenade around the school with the roses laid across her arm.  Carrying a vase from class to class would be completely cumbersome.  Donna understood exactly the look I was going for.  She picked six of the fullest long stem roses, wrapped in gorgeous paper and garnished with delicate fern and babies breath.  My son wanted a mylar balloon that said "I love you" (because obviously, after a full month, it just HAS to be true love, right?)  and it needed to be delivered first thing in the morning, lest she go to class periods one through eight without her anniversary roses in her arms.  (God forbid!)Donna charged a very competitive price for the roses, kindly threw in the balloon gratis and wrote out the extremely cheesy note exactly as my son requested.  The delivery charge to the school was far below that of other local florists (mind you, I cheated on my usual florist to give this order to Donna.  What do you do to apologize to your florist for cheating on them with another florist?   Clearly, sending them flowers is out of the question.)  Donna got the delivery to the school before the homeroom bell rang and due to her swift and timely delivery, allowed my sons girlfriend a full 8 periods worth of gloating over the fact that her boyfriend is simply the BEST BOYFRIEND EVER EVER EVER!!!  (Of course he is.  He's my son.  Such a nice Jewish boy.  His mother should be praised highly for doing such a phenomenal job, but, that's just my opinion.)  Donna then texted me to verify all the information, taking the time to do so after she was already home for the day, going above and beyond the norm of any business owner.  By 4th period,  I got a  text photo from my sons girlfriend, showing me the beautiful flowers that she received.  She had never received flowers before and was simply gushing about how beautiful they were.   I want Donna to know that she definitely earned the coveted "five stars" on Yelp and will be added to my "Best of the Best of Florida" list...an honor purely reserved for those who go above and beyond.  Donna was very accommodating, funny, sweet and even wrote me a note a few days later asking me how I was healing up post surgery and wishing me well.  The lesson to take away from this?  You only get one chance to make a first impression and while my first impression of the business that we disagreed about remains unchanged, I cannot praise Donna and Happiness Is nearly enough.  If you ever need things of beauty sent to your beloved, give Donna a call.  Sadly, the joyous union between the young lovers came to an abrupt end when they broke up five days later....however, my relationship with Happiness Is will continue. Donna did MORE than right by me.  While every rose may have its thorns, Donna delivers the love...and I recommend her highly.Always and forever,Tabitha...um, I mean...Cher. ;)
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,10/22/2011,229,65,,3,2>I don't always go to St Pete... but when I do, I really enjoy The Globe Coffee Lounge.I'll start off with this: If you are a coffee shop owner reading this, add coffee ice cubes to your iced coffee. The Globe is the only place I know does this and I think it is the perfect way to serve iced coffee.The Globe serves food, coffee and beer/wine.I've only eaten there a couple times and the food has always been freshly prepared and good. The coffee, hot or cold is tasty - I drink it black without cream or sugar so it has to be a good flavored brew.The coffee ice cubes? Again the best thing ever!The decor is a hodgepodge of retro and garage sale and/or craigslist furniture with barely two chairs matching that perfectly fits there.Most of my visits have been mid afternoon using the WiFi while having coffee and/or a Guinness.Commuter Tip: If I have a St Pete event to attend after work I will usually drive over to the Globe mid afternoon to beat rush hour and get some work done before going off to the event sans traffic.If you live in St Pete you have a gem, if you live in Tampa, be sure to visit.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,10/21/2011,3,29,,5,3>This place is ADORABLE! I'm no feng shui expert, but I love the "flow" here (and the cute spoons). I'd never had self serve fro-yo before, so the giddily happy girl at the counter was more than willing to show me the ropes. As you move along the circular counter, there are little paper cups you can use to taste before you buy. No commitment issues here. They had probably 12 different flavors including chocolate banana (yum), kiwi strawberry (also yum) and red velvet cake (*#&*%#^#!!!). If you're able to actually decide on a flavor, you can get it in a regular bowl or a waffle bowl. Wait, I'm not done. Then you're off to the toppings bar. Wow. Every topping imaginable. Caramel, hot fudge, gummy bears, coconut and even Captain Crunch cereal! The best part for me was that they charge by the ounce, no matter which flavor and how many toppings you get. I don't like huge portions of cold stuff, so this was perfect. Needless to say, I signed up for the rewards card. :)
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,10/20/2011,78,96,4,8,5>All who speak ill of Kissin Cuzzin's speak blasphemy. This is the spot, you know what I'm talking about. The "what the hell did i do last night, someone cure this hangover" spot. The breakfast here is amazing, first time i came i had the biscuit sausage gravy breakfast of love, and it was nothing but lovely. The 2nd time i decided to get myself a western omelette with hash browns, bro it was just what the doctor ordered. Rack and Stack Kissin Cuzzin's can go toe to toe with any Breakfast in the Bay. Disregard the old dirty decor, and embrace this place for what it is. A beautiful beautiful land where Breakfast is King.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,10/19/2011,159,231,4,5,3>Really good, reasonably-priced, and non-sketchy Chinese food here.  We ordered Kung Po chicken and Mongolian Beef. Both exceeded my expectations and I can't say one was better than the other. The food also came out really quick (but not suspiciously quick *cough* Cracker Barrel *cough*). The whole chilis in both made me nervous at first, but neither was super spicy. The portions are HUGE, two people could easily split one entree.A lot of other reviewers say they had to wait here, but I went on Wednesday around 6:30 and there were plenty of tables.  They also have a very extensive menu, I will be going back to try other things. And I'm totally that person who checks out food on other tables, and the mountain of fried rice I spotted looked delicious.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,11/30/2012,52,80,3,3,2>I've been to Miguel's a few times and it is probably the best Mexican I have had in Tampa.  Not the best Mexican I've ever had, but the best in Tampa (in my experience).  The only reason I tried this place was Yelp reviews, because it looks awful from the outside.  However, the inside is beautiful and I love the decor.  I definitely recommend ordering guacamole or queso to have with the complimentary chips and salsa.  They both really hit the spot.  I always order enchiladas since it's my favorite; I've had the Seafood, Manuel (chicken, onions, peppers, sour cream, tomatillo sauce, and cheese), and cream cheese and crab filled.  The only one I didn't absolutely love was the cream cheese and crab.  It just didn't do it for me, but the other two were delicious.  Everyone else seemed very happy with their choices.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,11/28/2012,84,214,1,11,6>I wish I knew about this place sooner but wait... It just opened! This new Thai restaurant is exactly how its own name describes itself. Tasty Thai food for sure. The interior is clean and bright and the employees are all very inviting. The restaurant has an open kitchen which is very nice to see the bustling business of the waitress and cooks.The food was all superb. It was served up piping hot and fresh. The ordering technique is similar to Mama Fu's which you would have to pick your protein selection and then the dish you would like. The Tom Kha soup is one of my favorite thai dish and Tasty Thai does not disappoint. All the food I've had here were delicious and this restaurant is a must try! It's also in a very nice plaza full of different types of businesses and places to eat.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,11/27/2012,288,121,3,6,2>Pane Rustica is one of my favorite lunch spots in Tampa. They have great fresh, healthy options and always provide quick service with a smile on their face. Their Roasted Vegetable sandwich is my go to favorite (so much delicious flavor in those veggies!), but I also enjoy their specialty flatbreads when the toppings are right. However, as great as a lunch spot as it is, I wouldn't go for dinner. The adorable cafe becomes an uppity restaurant with over priced food that is essentially the same stuff from their lunch menu, just fanci-fied and twice as much. My advice -stick here for lunch!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,11/26/2012,123,234,2,3,2>I took a friend to lunch this week, because we both wanted to eat healthy.  We sat near the front picture windows, nice table and nice natural light in the restaurant.This is a loud restaurant, lots of hard surfaces everywhere, could benefit from some hanging buffers from the ceiling to cut down the sound echo. Not that big a deal though.We both ordered Pho.  I had beef and brisket, and it was great! My friend ordered Pho, the lean beef. She really liked her meal as well.  The broth was very, very tasty, and we were happy with the price and service.We will be back!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,11/25/2012,102,115,,3,3>Stephen Schrutt is a member of Keep Saint Petersburg Local and although it was that group and a gift certificate that encouraged me to go, I will head back there soon.  If you want to support your locally owned venues, put this place on your list.I devoured a Rasta Monsta burger and cajun fries with a side of fried pickles.  Not the healthiest choice they have to offer, but I plan on going to a run tonight...Highlights:They offer free refills on sodaThe burgers offer plenty of fantastic flavors (no ketchup needed) Live music Fri and SatCute and cozy place you can chat it upIn the heart of downtown so you're close to everything
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,11/24/2012,203,229,2,4,2>I'm definitely a fan but I have to deduct a star since my last visit. The service is still great but I wish they would be more careful about making sure the toppings bar was fresher. Bottles of Hersey Syrup were empty when my brother reached for it. The cookie toppings were stale. There was a lack of care when it came to the presentation of the toppings. The fro-yo itself is still delicious and I love that they make it clear the nutritional value on each flavor. The toppings bar needs some attention nonetheless.Lighting in the store needs some work because at night it's pretty dark and dim.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,11/23/2012,204,405,2,3,2>I joined some other Yelpers for a Sunday dim sum visit to Halong Bay.  What great food and flavors!Halong has an assuming storefront in this strip plaza, but don't let that fool you as the interior is well decorated and surprisingly large.   Dim sum service is very simple, the servers push massive carts of food around the aisles and you point.  It couldn't be any easier.   I found joining a large group for this kind of dining was very cool as it provided lots of variety and you can try out so many new things.;-)I've had dim sum only once before, definitely not enough to know the dishes or have favorites.  We relied on every suggestion ordered by Coty S., and they were all delicious.   All I can say is read her review here and believe every word of it!   My favorite was the eel rolls.  I've never tasted eel before, and it was delicious.   Halong Bay's blazing hot chili sauce mixed half-and-half with soy sauce was a perfect condiment for most every dish.  If you're a fan of hot sauces, you can get a huge container of it for just a few dollars to store in your fridge.  I took some home, and it's been great on a wide variety of dishes.I hope to get back here soon, and check out more of the menu.  My scores on the Asian restaurant scale:Atmosphere:   5Service:   4Food:   5Value:   4
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,11/22/2012,181,144,3,4,2>Went here for a bite last night cause well to be honest I was so busy through the day was too lazy to cook.. Looks to me like they have worked on the staff most have been changed.  I know Frank is still there but did not serve us last night .. he is reliable but definitly not a social butterfly.  You will know Frank always looks like a deer caught in a head light.We had Chris last night - new to us.  He did a great job ... wine selection was great a little too long getting to us at first but we survived. Food was fantastic and temperatures were great.My biggest complaint is we sat outside so we could smoke and instead of an ashtray I received a styrofoam bowl with water.  Cigarette soup on the table while we ate ... lol guess thats what we get for smoking
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,11/21/2012,149,551,,3,4>Kojak's is on the short list of true Tampa restaurant institutions. Nestled under live oak trees, this house stays cool even in the hottest Florida summer. You can eat out front on the porch, or inside in air conditioned comfort. Either way, my recommendation (which 1000's of in-the-know tampa residents agree with) is to order the ribs. They are succulent dry-rubbed perfection with a crust of sweet spices that makes them to-die-for.The sides are all fine but not spectacular. The real star is the barbecue which, by the way, remains priced incredibly low.The service is always friendly and helpful. Finally, please remember, you are in the south... There is but one kind of acceptable iced tea, which is "sweet tea".
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,11/20/2012,112,118,2,3,2>Brickhouse is a chain that markets itself as a "man cave," replete with dozens of flatscreens showing the latest game, as well as plenty of under-25 female servers clad in daisy dukes and cleavage-exposing tight tops. They may not be the most experienced servers, but they are some of the best-looking outside the strip clubs that adjoin this outpost along North Dale Mabry Highway.Inside, find lots of reclinerr-style stuffed chairs, with arm holes for beer, around a fireplace. Outside, the patio has a fire-pit for cool nights, and plenty of comfy chairs. They're even doing live music in the summer on Saturday nights.The burgers come in the shape of hoagies, and they are quite large. The pizzas are good, too, thin crust concoctions, large enough for two.The best things about Brickhouse, though, are the beer sizes and pricing. You can get a 22-ounce Jai Alai, the Tampa-made craft beer IPA, for $4.50. That is cheaper than at the Cigar City brewery right around the corner! For that, I am a repeat customer. They have a few other craft selections, as well, along with more normal suds, also available in 16 ounces, as well as a humongous beer tower that serves about 10 people. The towers do not keep the beers cold, however, so don't order unless you can drink it all really fast.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2011,5/19/2012,391,402,2,4,2>So for my last meal in Tampa Bay for 2011, I wanted to try something new with my friend in downtown St. Pete. She's been to Red Mesa a number of times, and the Moon Under Water is pretty much my downtown staple. So we broke our molds and went for something highly rated and I'd say it was worth it.As others have pointed out, you will need some time to look at the menu. While they have a few entree-only sized dishes, almost everything else comes in Tapas style, so this is great for friends to share and try a lot of different foods. Definitely come with at least one other person, because averaging $9 a plate can add up.With the huge menu, we asked for some Sangria to start, and for some assistance with the menu. With one side being cold and the other hot, you need some time to ponder and suggestions are greatly appreciated. We ended up with a nice mix of seafood, duck and veggies from follows:-Ceviche de Atun: Come on, you go to a place called Ceviche, you have to try one. This was recommended by our waitress, as well as another waitress at another table. You have to be a fan of lime because it will hit you, but the tuna is nice and acts as a cool, refreshing started.-Berenjenas Fritas: the fried eggplant with honey. Be warned - let it cool off a bit first, but a nice vegetable option. And works with my theory that everything fried needs honey on it.-Pato a la Parilla: Grilled duck breast over a chocolate port sauce. As a fan of duck, this instantly caught my eye. The sauce was excellent and this was the highlight of the meal.-Mejillones Catalan: Mussels in cream sauce. As my friend and I are fans of mussels we decided to try this. The cream sauce was excellent, but for some reason the mussels tasted a bit funny to me. Next time I'll try the clams.Overall a great experience, especially sitting outside in this lovely December warmth. There are just so many items to choose from, I can easily see coming back and getting a whole new list. Might invite some more people so we can vary the selection.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,5/18/2012,107,182,2,6,3>Outstanding restaurant and bar space. Let's start with that.  QH has different vibes depending on when you visit. Let's start with dinner.  Incredible European menu. Lot's of English Gastropub options.  The Cauliflower Croquettes with srirach sauce are little balls of cheesy goodness.  The Scallops with roasted brussel sprouts and shrimp cocktail over an amazing slaw are incredible for dinner options even though they are appetizers. They have a wonderful beer and wine selection and a few cocktails like saketinis and mojito type drinks.  However - they do not have a full liquor bar. The decor is incredible. Nothing like it in St. Pete nor Tampa.  It's a very hip feel, upscale but still not pretentious.  The bathrooms are even fun as they are wall to ceiling decoupaged in trashy British tabloids.  Very fun to check out. Outside is stunning as well.  Big inviting daybeds with pillows as well as an outdoor table/chairs area.  During the winter, they have a beautiful fire pit and cozy blankets. Summer time is warmer but still fun to sip champagne in bed under the stars listening to some good music spinning from the DJ. They also have a very traditional upscale English brunch on the weekends with a DJ spinning fun music as well.  I say upscale but the prices do not reflect. The prices are spot on and not too much for what you get. All different ages and walks of life and this is why I love this place!  You can show up and see fun drag queens playing trivia or you can show up and see famous playwrites before a show. All in all, I am extremely happy QH is in our quaint downtown and providing a wonderful menu and environment!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,5/17/2012,32,93,2,2,2>I am a FAN. This is a  throw back to the 50's, sorta with the red and chrome interior. From the moment I stepped inside the door I knew I was in for a treat. The place was very clean (a must). The service was wonderfully friendly and helpful, the cashier explained the menu and the ordering process ( jus a note the orders can be called in ahead). The dogs all beef were very tasty with a snap when you bite in to them. The buns are a poppy seed and steamed so your dogs have a warm bed to lay in.The dogs come with a variety of topping styles, there is a list of combo toppings I got the chili dog (chili, onions, mustard, ketchup and I added cheese) combo which came with fries and slaw. The fries were surprisingly good and you get a load of them. As far as the slaw goes it mey I have had better dont get me wrong its okay. I will defiantly be back but dont take my word for it go see for yourself I know you will be back.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,5/16/2012,29,82,2,5,3>Looking for a place for a memorable meal?  Oystercatchers never disappoints.It's modern and sleek but still feels warm and welcoming somehow.  Maybe it's the gorgeous view that makes everyone slow down and take a deep breath.  It's hard to be in a bad mood here.Service is exactly what you want- attentive and not rushed.  And the servers are very knowledgeable about the menu, always a good sign.  The appetizers and entrees are outstanding.  Amazing fresh fish prepared with the lightest touch of seasonings.  Perfection.The salted butter that is served with the bread is addicting.  You've been warned.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,5/15/2012,47,20,18,9,8>Dear Bowled,    I was at home last night, hungry, and without a car or any way to get to you...it hurt.... and it got me thinking...So I've made a list to help me deal with my feelings for you...Bowled Restaurant -- 10 Things I Hate About You1. I hate the way you made such delicious pasta bowls that I can't replicate in my own kitchen (no matter how many times I've tried).2. I hate the way you aren't open 24/7...only during normal business hours.3. I hate the way you've raised my service expectations for other places to an unrealistic level. (what other place will go get me Dr.Pepper from the place next door without a second thought?)4. I hate that I can't decide which bowl to get when I'm there so I make everyone at the table get something different so I can eat a little of everything...and then my family gets mad at me for eating their food..5. I hate when I drive by on the way to work and see you having fun with other people...drinking wine and laughing...6. I hate that you serve salmon..because it stinks...but I understand some people like that....I can't be selfish...7. I hate that your portions are so awesomely large that I have sweet sweet leftovers that are always eaten before I can get to them...8. I hate that I've gained 5lbs since meeting you...9. I hate that I can't decide which part of your dining experience I like best...the food? the wine? the music? (great music)10. But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you - not even close, not even a little bit, not any at all.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,5/14/2012,143,169,3,7,5>I couldn't ask for a better experience. From the entrance way to the ambiance and from the food to the cocktails, everything is a pleasure to indulge in. You can sit in the bar or select a private booth (closed in on 3 sides with a curtain to close on the 4th side). I absolutely loved their Chicken & Waffles (crispy chicken sandwiched between 2 sliced of buttermilk Belgium waffles with a chipotle maple syrup) and the Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes (atop grilled fruit relish and drizzled with key lime mustard)!Make sure to call ahead to obtain the password and you'll need it when the door is answered for entrance into the restaurant. The staff is also full of knowledge of the history of spirits and the era in which they work!
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,5/13/2012,97,705,,14,1>Crossfit BNI is an unique experience. I have tried everything from body pump, traditional gyms, as well as, other crossfits. I can honestly say that crossfit BNI is drastically different from anything I've ever experienced. Every day is a challenge, but an attainable one. The environment is very uplifting and encouraging. I enjoy the team environment and everyone is very positive. Another aspect about crossfit BNI that I appreciate is that the class is very diverse-there are true athletes, young, old, those who are working out for the first time in years and those who attend crossfit to become healthier. No matter what your skill level is, crossfit will work for you. I had reconstructive knee surgery and was unable to work out for nearly 6 months. Mike and Beth were fantastic about tailoring each workout to meet my needs. Over time, I have become stronger and stronger. I would encourage anyone to try crossfit BNI...I guarantee you that you'll be hooked.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,5/12/2012,78,96,7,4,4>Ah Biff Burger, 1 of those places you have to go to in your food tour of St. Pete. When you type up best burgers in the burg this place is sure to pop up, and after driving by it multiple times i couldn't drive by it another time without stopping in. This place is the epitome of and oldschool dive, the kind of place that would have been poppin on a friday night in 50's. The kind of place your grandparents probably played just the tip in the back seat of an el camino at. Now if your able to erase that thought from your mind you'll be able to sit back and enjoy yourself a good down home burger. Its not fancy ppl, this is not the place for the fancy, this is the kind of place you sit back order a couple PBR's and have yourself a no fck around Burger. This place is AMERICA! This place is Beautiful. I Salute you Biff Burger..........I Salute you
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,5/11/2012,271,374,,7,5>I love this place! I come here at least once a week and frequently bring friends to try it out and just hang out. I've never had anyone be disappointed.They have so many flavors of boba teas to choose from that they have to have your favorite. Depending on what kind of drink you're craving, I recommend the avocado smoothie, black mango tea, or honey milk tea. Or if you're not looking for a drink, their frozen yogurt options are just as good with lots of toppings to choose from. I'm not big on frozen yogurt, but the taro is my favorite.I've been going to this place since they opened, and not once have I left unhappy. :)
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,5/10/2012,65,528,7,7,5>No..I did not go for the Inferno challenge. One thousand dollars wouldn't cover the cost of the E.R. visit. I had a long conversation with the owner about the handful of folks who had to go to the hospital or got sick on the floor there. He even showed me the European gas masks the cooks use when they are blending the Ghost Chilisin the kitchen.No, I stuck with the artistic Three Amigos, creatively arranged like a vase of flowerts and a Thai=Tex Mole Burrito. It was literally a pound or so! Iy could have fed me Irish family for a week! Could only eat one quarter of it and it was spicy but not numbing.Finished it off with the Fried Banana dish..The portions are HUGE here, staff is great and I love the spices!I will be back but I'm not going to dare the challenge.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,12/21/2013,63,147,2,4,4>Yay, Im a fan!   What makes Terra Sur such a hit for me, is their offering of perfectly aromatic and amazing food bursting with flavor and taste. Influenced by Peruvian style of preparation, this small and cozy eatery impresses even the highly discriminating food critics. Start with any of their several ceviche ( some have cooked shrimp vs all raw fish ) to get your adventure on a great start. Move onto one of their salad ( note the portion sizes are quite large, enough for two ).  For entrée you can go seafood route or meat. If meat try the thin cut steak. You'll be eating to the last bite.  Each of their dish are a perfect blend of spices and well balanced with fresh ingredients and garnish.  There isn't a single item that you can go wrong with. Reservations are always preferred due to their small seating space. Their service is very attentive and quite interactive.  My repeated visits have left me wanting to go back repeatedly.  Their extensive wine list is a silver lining to the whole experience.Don't let their plain exterior and location at a strip mall fool you. This place is like a bat cave of delicious Peruvian cuisine - plain on the outside, holly batman this is unbelievably fabulous on the inside !!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,12/20/2013,134,111,1,5,3>This place rocks for lunch time!  I haven't had a chance for dinner but i can tell you if i did it wouldn't be any different other then better then before.  The previous reviews regarding there poor experience with the staff is kinda overrated based on my experience, i don't expect people to be kneeling at my command but i don't expect them to disrespect a paying customer with a tip in one hand.  The majority of people who yelp either do it once on one bad experience or they do constantly because they have very high standards and don't make the kind of money for thou's standards and that's why people like me that try and find a nice place to grab a bite difficult because were sifting thru all the non sense on here.I took my parents here before they had to get a plane back home and im glad we made it.I will admit i was leery at first because i tend not to trust many strip mall restaurants but i got to tell you this place was fabulous.  There was a review or two about the decor being outdated but come on at least there worried more about how there food taste and not how colors match.  We were sat in a booth that was sorta crowded but cozy.  The tables had the rollers on them that kinda reminded me of red lobster back in the day.  I dont think they should change or add to the ambiance of the restaurant its fine the way it is.Our waitress was very friendly and helpful with questions.  The menu was short and sweet with not too many overwhelming options.  The three of us ended up ordering right away just by taking a glance at the menu we knew exactly what we wanted.  The food came out perfectly as order and when requested a few simple things they came out right away.  The shrimp were so perfectly cooked and the bread was out of this world soft.  No complaints here other then a few mis leading reviews that would have detered me to somewhere overated and over priced.  Will return again!!!
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,12/19/2013,181,241,,4,3>I've been to the CineBistro a few times, mostly to see flicks that are going to be longer than 2 hours- you know, to take advantage of ridiculously nice, roomy seats. My most recent visit to see The Conjuring at the Hyde Park location compelled me to write this one up (THE POWER OF CHRIST COMPELS YOU! hehe...The Exorcist). Me & my supercute date rolled on in for dinner and to watch our scary movie.The LineUp:Popcorn Chicken (served in adorable fashion with actual popcorn in a popcorn box. Chopsticks provided for eatin')BBQ NachosSalad with cherries, pinenuts, etcSweet Potato friesALL WERE TASTY! Surprised the heck out of me. Granted, we over ordered...but had no idea that the portions were plentiful and a pleasure to eat. And true, 50 plus dollars later... for four items. Not to mention 14.00 a head...80 dollar date night.Can't complain overall, though! 21 and up theater, giant seats, upscale & chic ambiance. Loved.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,12/18/2013,363,244,3,5,3>I have past this place so many times , even if I stopped at Sweetbay's next door I never even noticed it. My friend mentioned it the other night so I went online and checked it out and it got decent reviews but I was still hesitant myself , a good Italian restaurant in Riverview??  Not that its a bad area but just nothing you would expect to find here and in a strip mall to boot.   So my friend ordered something off the menu for take out. I personally do not like this practice , you lose so much of the flavor and experience of eating it there, pizza is one thing but a entree takeout, I avoid doing, My take on it also is , for that matter I can make it myself for 1/2 the price and double the portion. My Sicilian Grandmother and Nep Mother taught me well and most food I can cook fairly well, of course not anywhere of a chef caliber but I never had any complaints. She ordered the Signature Dish which consisted of grilled chicken tossed with pancetta, sauteed mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes & spinach in their signature alfredo sauce.       Sounded good but I figured I'd let her be the guinea pig and see if its worth eating.   The guy who answered the phone had an somewhat heavy Italian accent , a very good sign.   To me,  that's like going to a chinese restaurant and seeing other chinese patrons there, that's "usually"  a good sign that the food is very good.I have the say I was very impressed with the place nothing what I would expect to be in Riverview, the guy once he heard my Italian last name we chatted about where I was from yadda yadda , so I was impressed when I left there. ( this may seem like I am leading up to a big let down )   Came back to my office and gave a taste and I was very impressed even in take out form it was very good. Even the bread that came with it was good,  Yes I am very picky about the bread too. , Was it the best? , no  but It was the best Italian I have tasted in this area or at least this part of the Tampa area.     I have friends who rave about Buco in Brandon, are you kidding? to me that's like a upscale olive garden and even that's not saying much. Yes I am biased but I know there are much better options out there, if you want Italian, your better off going to a good authentic Italian rest. If you go there and don;t see Italians there, I suggest you don't go.  Just as I would be leary about going to a Sushi place owned by Greeks.  So if your in the area and looking for some good Italian cooking check this place out , from preliminary findings its a hidden gem in Riverview.     I will check this place out soon and give a updated review from dining experience and other menu options.Heads Up: If your headed south on 301 its about 1/2 mile south of Fred's Market on the right side, it comes up fast and its set back located on the north side of the SweetBay shopping plaza. If your heading north, its on your left side just after you pass Dunkin Donuts.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,12/17/2013,49,124,1,4,1>If it weren't for the iPads and the $25 prix fixe menu, I would probably give this place 3 stars. BUT they do have iPads and an amazing $25 prix fixe menu for 2 on Sundays/Mondays, so I will give this place 4 stars.The iPads are probably a little over the top but I love that you can order off of it and most of all, I LOVE that they have pictures of all the foods they serve. The prix fixe menu is a great deal... a 4-course meal for 2 people for $25 total (not each). You get to choose 1 appetizer to share, each person gets their own soup or salad, each person gets their own small entree and 1 dessert to share. It's the perfect amount of food and you get to try a bunch of different dishes. Quality of food is good, but not great -- nothing really to write home about (which is why I would probably only give it 3 stars).
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,12/16/2013,129,380,3,3,3>The building & staff...This restaurant is very close to a Madeira Beach public access. It's smallish on the inside and clean. The staff is very, very polite and ridiculously attentive. The food...A few weeks ago, I had Sushi Sho Ya and was pissed. It was disgusting. So I was a little weary about this place too, but my fears were soon quelled. Their rolls weren't topped with million things to try to mask the lack of tastiness. In fact, their rolls were on point. We had a sweet potato roll, a spider roll, and a California roll. We also had a speciality roll with crawfish in it. All the rolls were fantabulous. The art of a sweet potato roll is hard to master, but these guys have got it. Overall, I am very ecstatic at finding a sushi place on Gulf. The only downside is their weird hours.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,12/14/2013,6,80,,3,3>We came here about a year ago and thought it was good. Just returned for a dinner over the weekend and were really impressed!  There is another seating area so you can be in the bar side or the dining side of the restaurant.  There was a cool guy playing music when we went this time. And the food was delicious. We started with some tapas. The Gambas al ajillo was sooooo good. We kept dipping our bread in the sauce when the shrimp were gone.   The patatas bravas were so crispy but the sauce was super spicy hot. Next time I might try the aioli sauce with them. We also got the parilla appetizer. The chimichurri sauce was really fresh and flavorful. We finished up with the paella Valenciana. Wow. The flavors are just right and it was stuffed with shrimp, shellfish, octopus, and fish. Amazing. Great atmosphere and very friendly staff as well. We will be coming back a lot more frequently.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,12/13/2013,236,252,,11,5>Ahhh Senor Taco. I have been wanting to try this place for awhile now. I definitely had high expectations for this place and they delivered. They even impressed my Husband who I had to practically beg to go here since it is located in a building that used to be an old run down motel. Let's start with the free chips and salsa. So simple, fresh and really good. The salsa may be my favorite out of all restaurant salsas I have tried. It had a great flavor. I also enjoyed using the green sauce on my chips for some heat. I wanted to order everything on the menu, but I knew that my stomach and my wallet could not handle that...so I settled for a combo platter. It was called something along the line of "OXO" or maybe "OKA" platter. It was the second one on the combo list and consisted of a quesadilla, enchilada and hard taco with rice and beans. I cleaned my plate and I normally HATE refried beans. The beans were fresh and didn't have that funky taste that refried beans tend to have. I actually (gasp) liked them a lot. The enchilada was by far my favorite thing on the plate. It had a nice complex flavor and was covered in an excellent red mole sauce. The hard taco even surprised me. I am normally a soft taco girl, but that shell was so crisp and fresh. The quesadilla was just a simple cheese quesadilla with green sauce and cheese sprinkled on top. Delicious. The rice and beans were a nice compliment to round out the plate. My Husband had a fried Carne Asada burrito with two tacos (pork and ground beef). The tacos were good, but he really loved the burrito. He said that it would be hard to order something different next time we go because it was so good. I had a bite and I have to agree that I may try a burrito next time.Our server (who I believe was the owner) was very friendly and helpful. We will definitely be back soon!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,12/12/2013,221,240,2,3,2>I was invited to Byblos by another couple, and I wasn't all that excited, to be honest. I'd never had Lebanese before and didn't know exactly what to expect! Well, I was pleasantly surprised!I started off with their Martini Rouge- a pomegranate martini. The pom flavor was fantastic but the drink itself was a little strong. I do, however, appreciate the fact that they don't skimp on the alcohol like most restaurants do. I'd rather have a strong drink than pay $11 for sugar water with a drop of alcohol. For appetizers we got calamari and hummus. Both were absolutely delicious. Best calamari I've ever had and the hummus had a wonderful flavor, as well. Pita was served nice and warm! They get it from a local bakery, apparently. Gotta love local businesses supporting local businesses! For our entrees, my husband had the kabob platter- steak, chicken, and ground beef. All were tasty, but the steak was the absolute star! I'll get that next time! My dish (lamb chops) was good, but a little too gamey. I enjoy the slightly gamey flavor of lamb, but there were a few pieces that were just a little off. The salad that it's served with was very bland so that was a little disappointing. My sister in law had the grouper and said it was amazing. The only person who was really dissatisfied with his dish was my nephew, who ordered the curry and couldn't even finish it as it was so flavorless. How do you even make a flavorless curry?! We rounded off the night with baklava- pine nut and pistachio- which was good, not great. I wish they would have explained that it wasn't your standard walnut baklava, because that was what I was hoping for! Oh well, now I know. Overall a great dining experience with a few small drawbacks, but we will most definitely be back!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,12/11/2013,18,70,,7,3>This is by far my favorite restaurant in South Tampa for lunch and dinner. The place is always hopping during the lunch and dinner rush and the ambience is both classy, comforting, and inviting.  There is a set lunch and dinner menu, with specials that change daily.  My favorites include the Baked Rigatoni (I get it with chicken instead of sausage), the watermelon salad, danish bleu salad, tomato bisque, turkey sandwich as a salad complete with sweet onion jam and homemade aioli, and really anything off the specials menu at night.  I might argue they have the best burger in town!  Seriously, try it.  Or try the ever popular roasted acorn squash stuffed with the chicken salad of the day.  For dessert, I love the espresso cookies and the Barry White cookies.  The former are like a cookie-brownie hybrid.  They are rich, but do not taste like espresso, it is simply there to enhance the chocolate flavor.  The latter are a toffee cookie with chocolate ganache filling.  Extremely rich, but satisfying.  If they're out of those two dessert options go for the summer cake at night or one of the delicious tarts (apple, peach or blueberry), black and white cookie or chocolate cupcake.  And people, this is a bakery first and foremost so enjoy the bread! I've tried them all and the only one I don't like is rye, but I don't like rye bread anyway.  My favorite is the complimentary warm bread at night that comes with the most palate pleasing white bean hummus topped with roasted red pepper, basil, and olive oil.  I've been known to ruin my dinner on this alone.  I've hosted several parties here in the private rooms to rave reviews.  The service and food are always on point.  The owners, Kevin and Karyn are there daily and are truly invested in their business.  They, along with managers Julie and Brian, are there to make sure you have the best experience possible.  Say hi to them and thank them for their hard work! Even with perfection though comes room for improvement.  I'm not a huge fan of their breakfast pastries or frittatas and parking can be a nightmare during peak hours, but it's worth the hassle once you get inside. Enjoy!
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,12/22/2011,30,106,2,2,2>I love Love's! They have an awesome brunch on weekends. I believe it's $15 for the buffet and all you can drink bloody marys (score!) or mojitos. The whole place is stuffed with antique photos, chairs, tables, nick knacks and the plates are all different, too which makes it very unique. I've been for dinner as well as the brunch... brunch kicked butt (AWESOME fried chicken) however the dinner was a little less than I expected. The chicken was a little too dry for my taste and kind of bland. I'll have to go back and try again, though. The staff is really friendly and there are a ton of conversation pieces that make the experience a fun one :) Yay! I'm a fan.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,12/21/2011,117,304,,5,3>This is an extremely remarkable vintage/antique/curiousity shoppe in Gulfport and often goes overlooked. I did almost 100% of my Christmas shopping for 2010 here and was able to find something for almost everyone on my list (admittedly, my people are eclectic like me).The proprietress is extremely nice and very helpful. She gave me all the space I needed to browse (for a couple hours) during which I would bring things to the front counter to hold, then change my mind and replace it when i found something even better, all the while answering my questions and assisting as needed. Yet she never hassled me or tried to start "pushing" anything...as perfect a shopping experience as it gets.This is one of those shops where you can find treasures big and small, new and old...but it's not too huge - like some of the giant Antique Malls these days, which can be overwhelming (and mostly filled with yard sale rejects).I love this place because it feels so cozy ... and is chock full of relics and kitsch, old books and jewelry, and art items from local Gulfportians. Almost none of the garage sale crap you see at other similar shops...Sure makes it easy to "buy local" for the holidays! (And it's about 2 minutes away from my house to boot!)
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,12/20/2011,3,4,,2,2>Had a group of 16 there for a party. Service was attentive and eager to help us have a good experience. Considering they have only been open for a few months they have their staff, menu and customer experience down better than places that have been around for years. The scallops are what took this to five stars, I don't know that I have ever had better scallops. I love seafood and they were prepared perfectly and spiced just right served in a mild brown sauce that sealed the deal. The wings were smoked and quite tasty. The mac and cheese has a lot of potential, I think it is missing something maybe bacon or jalapeno. The cheese was rich but it was just missing something but I couldn't quite put my finger on it.  I had the modified version of the gumbo and it was ok, after eating seafood in New Orleans for a few weeks it's a tough dish to sell me on. I tried the meatloaf and it was bold and well flavored.They had 7-8 beers on tap all craft and quite tasty, they also had a nice bottle selection of beer and wine. If the effort and passion from the staff remain, this could become a top 10 Tampa establishment. I'll be back soon!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,12/19/2011,102,55,2,3,3>Kona Grill is one of those restaurants that you love while you're there, but forget when you leave. A little more costly than a casual weeknight dinner, but delicious food-- everything from pizzas to sushi to burgers. They specialize in sushi & seafood but I can vouch for their non-fish, too. My two favorite meals there haven't been dinners though-- they were a Sunday evening happy hour which consisted of half price apps on a special list & half priced drinks. Amaze. Then returned recently for their lunch-- so so so good. Had a "choose 2" and chose a really yummy Asian salad & an AMAZING chicken club sandwich (hold the ham, flavors better than way). The edamame app is always delicious, as well.If the weather is nice, their patio is delightful.Check it out... I'll try to keep it on my radar, too:)
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,12/18/2011,84,214,1,6,3>I mainly come here for their Korean BBQ which you can't find anywhere in the Tampa Bay area. They have grills that you can grill up your choice of meat like in the dramas. I've been going to Rice for years and love how massive their arrangement of banchans are. Not super cheap compared to the West side Korean bbq (cali) but it's all we have unless you make it at home. This place is really large and when I say large I mean it! They have tables for normal dining and tables in the back with the grills. There's electric grills and also charcoal. Service isn't the best because I've had some pretty bad service here and was embarrassed many of times with my guests. I have not been coming here as often as before because of this and have found it cheaper to make it at home. None the less if you're itching to try Korean food then this is the place to go especially for those grills. There's also a Korean restaurant across the street if this place is not to your liking.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,12/17/2011,134,672,3,7,3>We now have a favorite bar in a convenient location.   The Mermaid is less than 6 months old in its current renovated form, having originally been the Redwood Inn.  The remodeling is very well done, with tasteful interior design, some whimsical notes, seating inside for over 30 at tables, more at the bar and an outside smoking deck.   We noticed no smoking inside, a real plus for a bar in our books.  And they intend to hire a chef & offer food soon.  Their real strength is the fine selection of beers, ciders & wines (no liquor currently). Twenty or more drafts, leaning towards local craft brews from Cigar City, Tampa Bay Brewing, Dunedin, Yeungling and sometimes Cold Storage.  Also some fine Belgians, ciders and other imports.  At least twenty additional bottled options, including bargain Mickeys & PBR tall-boys.  The wine list is over 50 varieties and about half available by the glass.   Happy hour is from 4-7 with $1 off each drink.  They are not open sooner.  The lively bartender, Ryan is very well informed, friendly and will give you a taste to help you decide.     Entertainment includes DJ's several nights including week-ends, and Vinyl Night on Wednesdays when you can bring your own antiques (records, not companions) for the DJ to play.   Monday "Service Night" specials for staff of other eateries/drinkeries.  We fully intend to return, and probably drop in for a drink occasionally before trying new eating places on the Seminole Heights/I-275 corridor.  Family and friends will be brought along to form their own opinions...and if they disagree, we will re-assess the level of friendship....and then try another beer.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,12/16/2011,271,374,5,4,4>I kept getting signs that I need to try a beignet. Signs as in 2 friends posting beignet pictures on facebook, so maybe more of a craving for something I've never had. ha. Yelp brought me to Nola Cafe.It's a cute little decorated place. My friend & I halved our Shrimp Po Boy & Roast Beef Po Boy sandwiches so we could try both. Nothing too fantastic, but still good. Lots of shrimp, roast beef, lettuce.The real shining star was what I came for: beignets! Overall service was a bit slow (especially for just sandwiches), but this made it all better. We had to wait a while for our dessert, but they're made fresh so that they come out melt-in-your-mouth-hot. MMMMM. Originally, my friend & I were going to share, but after our first serving of 3, we wanted more! 4 people in our party, 4 servings of 3 beignets: 1 for each of us.My quick tip: don't share your beignets!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,12/15/2011,25,77,2,2,2>I am accused of actually having some ownership in Ceviche's because it's become so much of an obsession it appears in just about ever article I do about the best restaurants in Tampa Bay. Not true! I'm just a huge fan. Now Ceviche's is serving Brunch and it couldn't be better!If  you're looking for a great plate of pancakes and sausage, Western Omelet of the ubiquitous Belgian Waffle the size of your head, this is not the place for you. Or is it? Why not color outside the lines a little and try something that's just incredible tasty, varied and surprising?Ceviche's is a Tapas restaurant. That means you get a variety of small plates that are meant to share among everyone at the table. This style of eating completely changes the experience, slows down your meal, and just brings different feel to brunch. You can sit inside and eat on an enclosed, brick lined patio and eat on tiled tabletops..all very Spanish/Mediterranean, or sit out on the outdoor patio next to the fountain in the morning's cool. The music adds to the atmosphere as they play a cool mix of Jazz,Spanish, Arabic and Classical to accompany your meal. It's hard to pick a favorite dish! We had hummus, sauteed spinach with figs, a tomato-onion-bleu cheese plate to share. We also passed around a French Omelet and Grandma had a eggs Benedict with a twist..crab and salmon. We decided to finish off with a pastry basket - amazing! They must have baked these just for us: fresh chocolate cousant, some lovely little danishes and stuffed churos.Of course, any excuse to have Sangria before noon does ad at LEAST one star to the review!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,12/14/2011,44,135,2,5,2>The skinny: dive restaurant, huge menu, spotty service (but really friendly/helpful), a local spot that serves fun dishes, not healthy at all.All that being said, my roommates and I go here quite often. Despite the above, it's what we want: simple, no rush, casual atmosphere, with good consistent food. I've found some real gems on the menu. Also, their breakfast consists of huge plates for around $5 on Saturday and Sunday.What keeps me coming back? The house wings: garlic sauce mixed with blue cheese chunks, fried up and served. Sometimes, you don't get a bone plate...but who cares? It doesn't stop me from devouring these artery cloggers. mmmm..just under $7 for 10 large wings.What I usually get as a meal varies between burgers and sandwiches. Lately, I've been gravitating towards the meatloaf sandwich...hefty pieces of meatloaf served with choice of cheese (cheddar for me) on texas toast. Then, I get the gravy on the side for dipping it in. It's only like $6.25!Highly recommended: The St. Petersburger & The Godfather hamburgersHonorable mentions/other things I've had worth telling about: chicken fingers, cuban sandwich, turkey clubSkip: Oyster hero/po boy...was okay, just expensive for what it wasLastly, they do have some seating outdoors, with a lovely view of the parking lot and 4th street ;) but they also do allow you to bring your dogs and will bring them a bowl of water. The staff is very cool about this. I don't own a dog, but it was nice to see when my friend brought hers.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,12/13/2011,28,50,3,9,2>Well here I am clicking the 5 star button.It appears that the executive chef here at Cafe DePaz has done this before. The food was delicious!Mediterranean Fusion is fun and here at DePaz it was great! The menu was just long enough, and the portions were just big enough, and the wine list it great too! They have a nice variety of teas for us tea drinkers. You could have an great date here with your favorite person. They even have two televisions on either side of the full service bar for those of you who just can't get enough. They have outside seating and a smoking area that is separate from the outside seating. Yea! Great move!They have live music and espresso. We got there at 4:30 and there were others there too. An hour and a half later we were stuffed and feeling good. Great prices for the quality of food.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,8/30/2013,44,119,2,3,3>We enjoy going to Four Green Fields, the service is always good and we enjoy the casual atmosphere.There is an outdoor seating area and bar which is great when the weather is nice. They have music pretty often and the prices are decent. We tried their regular reuben and their turkey reuben. The regular reuben was good but a tad bit dry. The turkey reuben was great. The fries that came along with it were good but unsalted. Overall. a great place to go and have drinks and food. We will be returning their often.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,8/29/2013,87,128,3,4,4>Taco Bus lived up to its hype. I have to admit I went to Taco Bus with skepticism. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the bold "in your face" flavors that their dishes boasted. Before Taco Bus, I thought I knew what "authentic" Mexican was. Well, I'm here to humbly admit that before Taco Bus, my knowledge of "authentic" Mexican was in an embryonic stage. It far surpassed my former favorite Mexican restaurant. I decided to try their tried and true... If I was to give Taco Bus a fair review, I agreed it had to be on their famous tacos. I ordered one spicy pork taco and one marinated beef taco. Both were fabulous, and the spicy pork taco offered bold elements of habanero without overpowering the natural flavors of the pork. The sauces for tacos were very modest in appearance, as they came to the table in plastic squeeze bottles. But the flavors within the bottles were outstanding (my mouth is watering thinking about them). The green one was my favorite; I'm guessing there were tomatillos/cilantro/garlic/cumin/coriander/serrano peppers blended together. Just wonderful. The tacos came with a side of rice and beans that were better than your average... a lot of Mexican restaurants add the rice and beans on just to make the plate more colorful. Taco Bus added the rice and beans with dignity and purpose. The rice was moist and not overcooked. The beans were most definitely homemade, which made them that much better. Needless to say, I was a proud member of the "Clean Plate Club". Will undecidedly return to tackle the menu--probably the downtown Tampa location as that is my stomping grounds. Til next time my fabulous Yelpers; stay hungry my friends!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,8/28/2013,181,241,3,6,5>Solid! So solid I'll say it again...SOLID!We did this in two visits:The Line Up:Dogs...Coney Chili Cheese (YEOW. Loved. My fave)Chicago (not my taste, but from the looks of it, they do it right here!)New York (kraut kraut. yes yes)Corn (honorable mention)Cheese Burger Sliders (YEOW YEOW. Loved Loved. Standout.)Sweet Potato FriesMacaroni & Cheese Bites (WHO COULD SAY NO TO THESE? THE POWER OF CHEESE...??)Meaner Wiener FriesSo, we ran the gamut & asked for input on what to order... this was a sampler to the extreme and the tastes were delightful. I want to try a milkshake. THE OWNER IS THE NICEST MAN and is genuinely interested in customer feedback. Seriously, this business is the product of someone's hard work and it shows in the product, decor, staff, and customer service. This Wiener couldn't get any meaner, but in a good way :)Thank You!!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,8/27/2013,139,166,4,5,6>Being from New England I enjoyed a different type of hot dog. One that was not all beef, but a combo of beef, pork, and god knows what else. Our favorite brand was Kayem, which has recently been introduced to the TB market. So I've been wanting to try this place for years, today was my lucky day. As I waited in line to order, I was checking out the vast menu, when a voice says " we charge extra for taking too long to order." Meet Bruce the "Mayor" and owner of the establishment, with plenty of Chicago attitude, lol. I ordered a Loaded Chicago Style Hot Dog, and loaded it was. Topped with mustard, relish, diced onions, fresh tomatoes, and cucumbers, a dash of celery salt, hot sport peppers, and a slice of kosher pickle on a steamed poppy seed bun! Wow, what a great tasting dog! I was pressured into ordering some fries also. Freshly made with each order, very good. I ordered a fountain drink, all this came to under $7.00 . An inexpensive filling lunch. I counted 22 different ways you can order a hot dog, I'm sure there are more. They really have much more than hot dogs. Burgers, chicken, corned beef, pastrami, Italian beef, sausage, tamales, soups, and even salads and desserts!While scoffing down my food, I heard someone order their dog with ketchup....someone from the kitchen shouts, "ketchup is for the fries and is on the table,"lol.Yes, I will return to order quickly from the "Mayor" for more dogs done the Chicago Style for sure. ......SOON.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,8/26/2013,15,46,,5,2>As one of the only Ethiopian restaurants in Florida, Queen of Sheba is a must when in the area. We have eaten here over a dozen times and every time we leave happier than the time before. As with most Ethiopian restaurants, I recommend trying the large platters (to be shared within the group) as it gives everyone an opportunity to taste the variety of dishes. My favorite dish is their tibs but I've never had one I didn't like (even the lentils and I usually hate lentils) so I always hope to try something new.With a home made flavor and great service, I highly recommend Queen of Sheba!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,8/25/2013,102,330,,4,4>I had a difficult time finding this place, kind of like searching for a needle in a haystack, except rather than feel pain from getting poked by the needle, I felt great pleasure because Cafe Waterside has great food and great service!!!What I remember most about the experience was their butter. They had some sort of organic butter. The waitress had a whole back story on where the butter came from what set it apart for other kinds of butter. The butter was pretty good, if you just tasted it by itself, but then when you put it on their fresh bread, well WOW! Very good.My fiancee got a flat bread, and I got a burger. Just iced tea to drink. We were staying across the street and had another full day of the bar exam in front of us. The food was really really good. It is not cheap, but hotel restaurants never are, but the quality and taste to the food really surpassed all my expectations. Service was also spectacular. It better be, the restaurant was empty. We were one of three couples there. Well maybe only one other couple, and then a group of four guys that looked like they were on business. There were no other bar examinees in there at all. We found that weird considering all the hotels were full with us and day one of the test just got out. Maybe we were just eating earlier than everyone else. Overall, this is a hidden gem. It is really kind of hidden in the back of the Marriott. But great food, fast and friendly service. They did check in with us a lot, but there was no one else there, and I like to see the staff take a real concern to make sure I am enjoying my meal and have everything that I need. Next time I am at the convention center, I will surely be back.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,8/24/2013,112,184,3,4,2>Teavana is very much a favorite store of mine. If you have never experienced different teas or the experience of brewing loose leaf this is the place to come.  As I mentioned in my tip you can try the free samples in the store that along with drinking the tea you can see and touch some of the different teapots they sell.  Aside from the samples they offer tea by the cup where they brew your favorite tea or combination while you wait.  The staff are very helpful in describing the different teas (types, flavors, and brewing techniques) along with showing you the teapots and teaware.  They specialize in Japanese cast iron teapots.I have several cast iron and bone china teapots. My favorite has always been to brew in the cast iron teapots. There is something better about the taste of the tea when it is brewed in one these.   I have several favorite teas; however, my current tea is called the Maharaja Chai Oolong which I am brewing in my cast iron teapot.  The tea brewed at 195 degrees for approximately 3 minutes (by the recommendation) which is getting better as the tea steeps.  The flavor is a perfect combination of  spice infused tea offering a slight dryness with tasty cinnamon and clove among other delightful flavors. Lightly sweetened with Teavana's rock sugar.  The teapot, my favorite, is approximately 40 ounce brushed copper cast iron teapot with a tiger on each side; representing action by prowling in tall grass on one side; and nonaction by reclining at rest under a full moon on the other side.   A beautiful example of the relaxing process of preparing, brewing and spending a wonderful moment drinking a cup of tea.The staff at Teavana have always been helpful with a quick hello and an offer to share their tea experience.  I have gone into this location on several times, just expecting a cup of tea, and leaving with a new combination after talking with the staff.  So from trying, buying, and sharing this is great place to start in your experience of tea.They only thing that I could think of that would make this more amazing would be an addition of tearoom style seating.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,8/23/2013,203,229,,4,3>There are many Greek restaurants in this area so I was skeptical at first whether we needed another one. I'm happy to finally report back that this is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.My boyfriend and I tried two things from the menu. I got the Fountain of Youth Platter that came with pita (fried or grilled), falafel on top of salad, hummus and spanikopita. The price was extremely reasonable for the amount you get. I love that I can try a little bit of everything. The falafel was creamier than any falafel I've ever had. Pita was warm and soft. The spanikopita was perfectly crisp and creamy. The creamy cheese and spinach filling really complimented the flaky crust well. My boyfriend ordered the Gyro Pita with a side of veggies. He was a big fan. The presentation of both dishes was beautiful. I made sure to check in and was happy that it came with an order of free feta fries. These fried were covered in Tzatziki sauce and feta (I'm guessing they are reading reviews and are quick to adjust any issues.)The atmosphere is casual yet hip. I liked the open kitchen because you could see everything. The baklava and other desserts looked yummy. Service was friendly and efficient. The owner or manager made sure to ask us how the food and everything was during our visit. This is definitely a place I'd stop by next time I need a quick bite to eat. I left feeling full and satisfied but not too bloated. :)
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,8/22/2013,149,551,2,8,4>I learned something new today! I already knew that stopping by random, unique bakeries in low-end strip mall locations is an adventure to be repeated again and again. Today, I learned about the awesome pastry called Pan de Bono. Wow! A sweet willowy treat! We had to get cuatro!Plus, we had café con leche for only $1.50. It was both perfecto and embarrassingly inexpensive. Starbucks, you are done!As for the spot, it's quite a large shop, spotlessly clean, and with friendly service.The only complaint was it was a bit warm inside but that was easily ignored so we could focus on our snack.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,8/21/2013,100,358,2,6,2>This place is ranked as one of the best places to go in Tampa Bay by the Tampa Bay Times and it is definitely a title well deserved.The fish here is extremely fresh.  We got here pretty early on a Friday and we watched as choices were scratched off the chalkboard menu.  Once they're out of the main ingredient, they're out.  That's how fresh the seafood is.  That also shows how often they change the menu.This is a pretty small place, so I would suggest coming early.  When you're salivating for the delicious food, you don't want to have to wait long.  Parking can also be difficult to find.  We ended up parking by the strip of shops and walked over.Their sangria is pretty good, but really the main reason to come here is the seafood.  I think this was the freshest grouper I have tried in the Tampa Bay Area.  The crab cakes were excellent as well, huge chunks of crab.  But again, the menu changes constantly.  You cannot go wrong with their choices.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,8/11/2014,10,127,2,7,3>Let's cover Sunday brunch buffets first.  If you want romantic location and view, Oystercatchers is the way to go.  The food is excellent; five stars.  The price, not so hot; you pay to play when dining here.  Mimosas, and full liquor for that matter, are available, but no drinks are included and we're talking $50+/pp.  If you just want a huge variety of excellent food on a Sunday and don't care about the view, I recommend Fresh Harvest at the Hard Rock; it's only $15/pp ($20 if you dont get a free players card in the casino).  If you do care about the view but don't mind the place being a little bit dated on the decor side, and having to walk a bit of a distance from table to serving stations, Rusty Pelican on Rocky Point is a much better value at somewhere around $30/pp and mimosas included.As far as food outside of Sunday brunch; this is an excellent restaurant.  Very high quality of service, food and atmosphere.  It's busy but not loud.  You aren't crammed together where you hear everyone's conversations.  Drinks are typically quick and relatively strong, albeit expensive.  Their fish is very fresh and I've sampled a wide variety of their entrees and have not been disappointed.It's a great romantic date location; even have a friend who got engaged on their dock on the water out back.  Fortunately he didn't fumble the ring and let it disappear into the water underneath.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,8/10/2014,87,128,4,7,5>Oh just wow. Amazing. I was skeptical of the reviews because I fear some restaurants are just too "hyped" up. But Osteria Natalina delivered. My husband and I arrived just after 7pm on a Friday night. They don't take reservations, but we were able to get a seat right away.The owner greeted us and led us to our table. He has a passionate, big personality who genuinely cares about the cuisine his restaurant serves. A few other Yelpers have complained about him being too overbearing, but we appreciated it. He recited the specials from the heart and offered suggestions. I couldn't decide between two of the specials (the braised osso bucco and the braised beef & veal Agnolotti). The owner told me that he would have the chef prepare a smaller version of the osso bucco and also include a few agnolotti on there as well. I thought that was very thoughtful and much appreciated his generosity. For an appetizer we ordered the calamari. Phenomenal and very impressive. It wasn't your average breaded and deep fried calamari. It was grilled with just the right amount of olive oil and fresh squeezed lemon juice to harmonize the calamari steak without overdoing the simplicity of the dish. My husband ordered the lobster ravioli. I was skeptical because I feel like most Italian restaurants skimp on the lobster and it's overpriced. But at $18.50 for 9-10 jumbo stuffed ravioli with LUMPS of lobster in it with lumps of lobster on top of it as well, you can't go wrong. Osteria Natalina has restored my faith!I ordered the osso bucco and braised beef/veal agnolotti. The osso bucco had fabulous flavor, and it was apparent that this had been thoughtfully prepared, as it was extremely tender. The agnolotti were outstanding. I would have eaten a whole bowl of that with that incredible sauce on top of it. Heavenly. The side of vegetables that it came with were great too. They were cooked without being overcooked. We did have to wait longer than usual to get our check, but the owners brother/nephew (some relative) came to our table with complimentary peanut butter gelato to cleanse our palates and that was the nail in the coffin for this fabulous meal. Hands down best meal that we have had in a long time in Tampa. I definitely don't dole out 5 stars very often, but when I do, take notice! I have already told all my friends that this is THE place to come for authentic, Italian food that doesn't skimp on flavor or quality. Stop reading this already and go check it out! :) You're welcome xo
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,8/9/2014,91,330,5,7,5>Only beer can transform an unassuming building into something fun. VERY CHILL PATIOBesides the words "Brewery" on the sign, the first thing most people will notice is the cutely sized patio. There's always a mini crowd relaxing there with a drink and always some quirky local artist playing. Both are awesome. The crowd is very laid-back and very diverse. The bands are always very talented, likeable, and play at a very good level so you hear them well but you can still hold a conversation with others.SERVICE AND FLAVORSThe guys running the show are very friendly. Even if the bar is crowded, those working it are quick to helping an approaching newbie. Glasses left outside are also quickly cleared by the owners themselves and don't be surprised if they approach your table for a welcoming chat. Although there's no food here, there's a BBQ place nearby and on special occasions they have a food vendor.[Warning: Beer newbie ahead] I've stuck to their flights--good because they have an 8.5x11 menu filled with their creations with good descriptions. (Other breweries don't have that many offerings) My Stout-loving self really liked their seasonal 3 Grover Moon and Coffee--really smells and tastes of coffee! I've slightly enjoyed their lighter stuff like Golden (Blonde Ale - good flavor and refreshing), Harvest Wind (American Wheal Ale--no flavor and not memorable) or Gregily (with light Berries flavor but just okay) Of course these are just my personal tastes talking.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/8/2014,105,180,3,11,5>I have been a fan of Big Cat Rescue for nearly a decade and recently returned to find it is bigger and better than ever.The premise is simple - provide a safe sanctuary, quality care and a comfortable environment to big cats that have been abandoned, abused or for whatever reason need a home or at least a temporary place to recuperate before being returned to their home in the wild.A narrow dirt road quickly separates visitors from the commercial development and high density traffic packed within and around the surrounding neighborhood.Upon arrival you discover a beautiful, lush landscape the stretches across 70 acres and offers some lovely waterfront settings.The more than 100 exotic animals who call this place home boast a variety of backgrounds. Some previously performed at circuses. Others were forced to make concrete slabs their beds or raised exclusively indoors as pets, never knowing the warmth of the sun or softness of real grass. The heartbreaking stories about many of these majestic cats thankfully takes a heartwarming turn when you see how well cared for they are now, how content they appear to be and how much room they have to roam around in here in their new home.Big Cat Rescue is a non-profit that relies heavily on donations and the help of volunteers. Imagine what the bill to feed these cats must be on a daily basis.What began in 1992 on a little more than 40 acres has now grown to become the largest accredited sanctuary in the world dedicated to rescuing and providing a forever home to lions, leopards, tigers, bobcats, servals and so many more.The time of day and time of year may determine how active and visible many of these cats will be so note that you may see more animals napping than splashing in their private cement pools or rolling an 80-pound ball around.Knowing these animals may have spent their entire lives suffering is a tragedy but Big Cat Rescue makes it possible to give them a wonderful way to enjoy the rest of their lives. And that is a triumph.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,8/7/2014,44,135,2,8,4>Went on a Thursday night.Ever since The Rack closed, the off-Howard pickings have been slim and uninteresting to me. When I read in the Tampa Bay Times that this would opening, I was intrigued, especially the concept: a bar lounge with duckpin bowling owned in part by Evan Longoria...and thats pretty much all I knew going in.Last night, I finally got the chance to go and it was truly impressive. The clean wood floors, high-top tables, large stand-up tables, curved booths, bar, outdoor patio...oh and duckpin bowling lanes. Not to mention enough tv's to show every movie that came out in 2013 basically. The VJ (Video DJ) was playing classic music videos from the 80's and 90's (and some custom music videos he seemed to have made from popular movie clips..cool)...I found myself embarrassingly singing along...at least until my second drink. My only gripe would be that it was a BIT loud because sometimes I had trouble hearing the person next to me.Stop blabbing and tell me about the food and drinks. On it.The drinks I tried from their elaborate specialty drinks menu were the "Duck Duck Goose" and "The Trop." I took a pic of the Trop but unfortunately the goose was gone way before I realized I forgot to document it for ya'll. Guess you're just gonna have to take my word for it that it was very smooth...what do you expect with Grey Goose as the base? The Trop was a bit too sweet for me, but it also did the trick. It tasted a bit like a mojito but was made with vodka.The food. It was my first time here so I kinda went a bit nuts...ordered the wings, sweet potato fries, deviled eggs and deviled crab. (All Pictured!). They were all very good in their own right but any bar that I'm going to attend regularly has to have good wings. HOLY CRAP these were good wings. They were naked and fried when served, ingeniously, with the hot sauce on the side...add as much or as little as you want. Awesome.The deviled eggs had bits of bacon sticking out of them and really kicked them up a notch. The sweet potato fries were on par for pretty much anywhere else you'd get them, and the deviled crab was another star-performer with a huge amount of crab in the filling. YUM. Everything was affordable and the staff was very friendly. The venue itself was solid and had ample FREE parking (THANK YOU!). All-in-all there were so many check marks on my internal checklist and they seemed to be firing on all cylinders for a place that just opened. I can only hope they keep the momentum and energy going.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,8/6/2014,23,105,1,6,4>Highly recommend this establishment for ladies and gentlemen!! I scheduled an appointment with Zoya, who is one of the owner of the salon in a timely manner. She is a master hairstylist & very helpful in answering questions on the phone & even helping me with directions. Upon arrival I was greeted by her & she spent the time to speak to me about the vision I had in mind & my concerns with the health of my hair. I was offered tea, coffee or wine as she started working on my hair. Which I mean who doesn't love to be this pampered?! I felt very welcomed & at ease right away. The salon itself is soooo clean & beautiful. Very clean lines with a bit of bling bling luxury we all need to get our relaxation on. Finally I was so happy with my new look & the advice I was given by Zoya for a healthy hair regimen. I felt like she was very genuine & truly cared for her customers' satisfaction & well being. I can't wait for my next appointment & looking forward to improving the health of my hair with my stylist in the upcoming year.I get compliments on my hair all the time now days
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,8/5/2014,54,274,4,7,2>I had low expectations for this place. All the hype over the hotel, the restaurants, the whole Bern's empire made me very skeptical of the sweets here. Especially since I think the desserts at the Bern's dessert room are atrocious. But I have to say: Choc Pi exceeded my expectations.I think this is another one of those Tampa places where the food is hit or miss. Here's my list:Hits:Salted caramel butter pecan ice cream, served in a big bowl, was AHHHHHHH-MAZING. I dunno if the other ice cream flavors are as good. Also I don't know why they haven't put the ice cream on the menu. Weird. Ask them what ice cream flavors they have today, if they don't mention it!Macarons. All of the ones we had were fresh and very good. Especially pistachio and chocolate caramel potato chip.Misses:The hazelnut chocolate cookie sandwich was DISGUSTING. They need to start over with that recipe. FYI parking here is a real pain in the ASS. There's spots in the Epicurean garage for Chocolate Pi customers but getting in and out of that garage is pure hell. They are doing a horrible job directing traffic in that garage.Prices. Well, to be honest, if you are going to have sweets in a trendy new place in an expensive hotel, you can't expect it to be cheap. To be honest this place, although much more limited in food selection and parking spots, is better than Dough. The baked goods taste more home-made than at Dough. The sweets at Dough LOOK good and the name SOUNDS good, but when you eat the stuff, it sucks (same goes for most of their restaurant food). And that gelato that Dough serves taste like cat food compared to the ice cream I had here. Seriously. Order the salted caramel butter pecan ice cream.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,8/4/2014,98,124,1,7,2>Oh my gosh, I am in lust! What a great place. A friend of mine took me as a belated birthday treat to try a wine tasting in the tasting room {she is a wine club member, and knew I'd love such a night!}. We both opted to try the LUXE tasting, which was 6-8 {I can't 100% recall how many as we had several samples} very generous pours to try. I loved the atmosphere, as well as my wine. How smart of Cooper's Hawk to help their patrons work up an appetite with copious amounts of wine...in a classy manner {ha}. With our dessert wine, we were each able to pick a sweet treat to go with. Since we were planning to dine in the restaurant afterward, we were able to ask for our sweets later after we ate dinner. They were very accommodating, which we both appreciated.Dinner was delightful! We each ordered another glass of wine. While I seem to prefer reds lately, I enjoyed their Riesling so much during the tasting that I opted for a glass at dinner, as well. To start dinner, we shared the Ahi Tuna Tacos; they were so good! I wasn't a huge fan of the wasabi cream, though. After filling up on wine and bites of taco, I was ready for a salad instead of a heavy meal. I ordered the Caesar Pesto Salad and for an additional six dollars, added grilled shrimp. I felt six bucks was a bit steep, but I will say that the shrimp size was generous, which sounds silly, but I have added shrimp elsewhere for an additional charge and they are usually tiny, baby shrimp. I was pleased with the homemade tasting croutons, and the Parmesan Lavash {I have had lavash before and love how filling of a grain it is}.My dessert from the tasting room was a bite of snickers cheesecake. It was quite tasty, and was glad to finish such a great evening, this way.I can't wait to go back!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,8/3/2014,16,78,3,4,3>This place is phenomenal.  Here are some reasons why you should go:1)  For starters, they have a great location just off Swann near Howard.  In the crowded scene of grab and go restaurants in this area, Fruitwood is the best I've had.2)  They have a great, friendly staff.  We were welcomed with a free sample of their lemonade, made in-house, which was unique and so delicious that my wife and I both ordered a cup.  We were explained the menu and spoken to by every member of the staff who seemed generally interested in guiding us to the best flatbread, salad or wrap for us at that given moment.  They went above and beyond, while not being too intrusive or overzealous.3)  Wood-fired, whole wheat flatbreads made to order.  I had the "Pink Flamingo" which they said was their most popular.  Prosciutto, arugula, pistachios, red sauce and honey mustard made for a terrific combination of flavors.  I asked for red pepper flakes and they filled a grinder up for me and delivered it to our seats quickly and without any worries.  These guys are on their game.4)  Juices, beer, etc.  A bevy of beverages is right behind you while you order.  I was specifically intrigued by one juice that had some interesting ingredients like kale and cayenne pepper.  Sounds cleansing to say the least.  The only negative to the juice was that this larger size one was maybe 16 oz. but was $8.  I didn't buy it so I can't really say if it was worth that price or not, but it seems steep for juice (smaller size is a more justifiable $4).  5)  Two lemonades, a large flatbread and a good sized salad = $28.  I consider this a bargain for the quality of food you get and I think you will too.If you are still reading, I highly recommend getting over there soon.  I'm sure you will find your own reasons to add a 5-star review of your own after your experience.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/2/2014,103,779,1,10,5>I saw this place a couple years ago on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and have been meaning to give it a shot for a long time.  And I am glad I finally did!The food is awesome here.  The house pretzel is a must!  The cheese dip is so delicious.  The cider wings were great too. Perfect crunchiness and hotness.  The bacon wrapped meat loaf was not fantastic but still good.  The server kinda forgot to come back to us to take a order and my husband had to go on a hunt for him but he was nice and apologetic.  The food came out quick and hot.  They split the meat loaf into two so that my husband and I could share :)  I definitely wanna come back to Tampa Bay Brewing Company!  *Featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,12/31/2013,99,497,2,8,3>I had a craving for crab legs for my special birthday dinner and my family and I spent alot of time looking around for a place that had All you can eat crab legs close to home and for not too much money. Many places we found either did not offer AYCE or if they did it was very expensive. My family has been to cricketers before and loved it, so we decided to come here and check it out. The AYCE is $23.95 here and they also have some great drink specials including half off beer, wine and wells.We called ahead for seating and arrived around 7:30 PM. The lighting was a bit dark inside but it had a nice feel overall. There was a live band playing songs and although they did a great job most of it was songs from the 60s/70s (this might give you an idea of the general age range of the crowd here :p). When we sat down, we were starving so we immediately ordered a large garden salad with greek dressing to share and crab legs for everyone. About 15 minutes passed by before we received our salad. We expected the crab to come out shortly after, but time continued to pass and we still didn't get them. Our server Bill said that the cooks had run out of prepared ones and did not cook more yet, so we were waiting for a fresh batch. The wait was a bit excessive and we were starting to get impatient, but when they finally came out they were worth it. Fresh, delicious alaskan crab legs with hot drawn butter an ear of corn. After the delay with the first batch, luckily he continued to bring us out more plates right away. The only thing I could complain about is that I've noticed most places that serve crab also serve potatoes or another side with it, so I felt like that was lacking here, but not a big deal. I had about 3 - 4 plates of crab legs and then we happily left and were satisfied overall.I would come here again to try the fish and chips or crab legs
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,12/30/2013,37,150,2,5,2>I have to say this is my favorite Greek restaurant. I've enjoyed everything I've ever had here from the bread and sauce, salads, and pitas. The Spanakopita is delicious. Flakey filo dough surrounding spinach and leeks (maybe some feta in there?) and served with a little side of tzatziki. I also really enjoy the Greek salad and the Athenian Chicken Salad. The Athenian chicken has a light breading on it and is sautéed and cut into strips on the salad. Amazingness!I will say that sometimes the salads can look a little sad (not much lettuce or lettuce that is starting to wilt) but overall I really enjoy my experiences. The pita wraps are also very good and you can get them with Greek fries (steak fries with feta!) or a small salad for an extra charge. I've done the veggie and the chicken gyro. Good but messy as are all delicious pitas. Service varies. Sometimes it can be very slow at lunch and others its not an issue. I have found that if I was in a rush and told the server that they always accommodated the best they could. I don't know what the deal is with the delicious spread they give you with the bread basket. I can tell there is garlic, feta, and a yogurt base. I would not be surprised if there is an additional item with addictive properties because it is SO GOOD!Tip: Try to park in a city lot when you go. They are cheaper than the independent lots.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,12/29/2013,102,330,5,8,5>I have been living in Tampa since 2009. I have had Bern's on my bucket list since then. It took my a little over 3 years, but I finally made it here on my fiancées birthday, thanks in large part to her grandmother inviting us and treating us! Part of what held me back was the cost. If you are going to do Bern's YOU REALLY HAVE TO DO IT AND DO IT BIG!Turns out Bern's (while not cheap) is not as expensive as I anticipated! This place is authentic Tampa and I loved every minute of my experience. We did not have reservations until 8pm on a Thursday. So by the time we finished our meal, we were so satiated that we bailed on our tour of the wine cellar, etc. I know I was supposed to do the dessert room, but we did not want to suck my fiancée's grandmother's bank account too dry!Bern's (from what I understand) grows their own cows, just for our tummys' delight! Everything about it is exceptional, and their staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Davor was our server. He was very good. He knew how to do his job and he knew how to do it well. The only critique we had was that he was more of a talker than a listener. We almost felt as if he was pushing the experience on us. But there were no questions he could not answer and overall we were pleased with the service. We just wished he could talk a little less and listen a little more (but I also tend to have trouble learning to do that, so while my fiancée and her grandmother could complain, I was not entitled to be unhappy about that particular characteristic of his).Napa Swanson Merlot was wonderful. That was actually Davor's suggestion. While I do not have the Palma Ceia Country Club etiquette training like my fiancée, I knew that I needed to order a red wine to go with my steak. My problem was that I did not know what red wine. BERN'S WINE LIST IS HUGE!!!!!!Okay, this review is already getting long. I love Filet Mignon, but decided to go with the Chateaubriand...rare warm! It was exquisite! I was very very VERY impressed.French onion soup is spectacular. Our soup tasted as if it was not as fresh as it could be, but we did have an 8pm reservation. It would not surprise me if the soup had been sitting around since 7pm.French dressing on the salad was also amazing. That was also Davor's suggestion. As I noted, he was not short of words or suggestions. He knew how to do his job well. I loved every moment of my Bern's experience. I almost started to think it was my birthday and forgot it was actually my fiancées birthday. Thankfully I did not make that mistake. We left so full that we hardly had room for cake.Hands down, best steak I have ever eaten. I know I will be back and next time I will do the full tour after and dessert room! Bern's is a true Tampa landmark and its guaranteed to satisfy the carnivore in all of us!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,12/28/2013,124,123,4,5,3>I have a confession to make.  My name is Bronze and I use the drive thru of Whiskey Willy's...often...late at night when  I have cravings...and sometimes in the morning.  And I am not ashamed.In all honesty, the drive thru is a genius idea and he convenience is great.I like Whiskey Willy's because it's close to where I live and the staff is relatable, helpful and always friendly.  The prices are slightly higher than some chain liquor stores, but the experience is just different.  In a good way.In terms of booze, what you find here, you can find anywhere, but it sounds better when you can say "I bought it at Whiskey Willy's."  Let that roll off of your tongue 3 times real fast.B. Major Grade:  A+
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,12/27/2013,38,85,2,9,3>I'll be back...First a little background. This place is located in the old Waffle House and it doesn't look like much on the outside as a result. The Parking lot needs to be re-faced/resurfaced desperately. The building itself is a dark brown almost black color which is not very appealing. The grounds surrounding it, are not well maintained and directly in front of this restaurant, you have the maddening construction of Ulmerton Road, making it very easy to overlook this fine gem. The entrance to which is now located east of the establishment. You'll need to circle into the hotel and double back to the restaurant.Due to its proximity in relation to my workplace, and the fact that I drive past it every day going around 10 miles an hour (construction remember) I decided I should give it a try. Since that initial taste test I've actually been frequenting this place at least a dozen times now, trying various sandwiches along the way. At least half of those times I've gotten huge discounts from various discount websites (restaurants.com, deal chicken etc.). Today my business associate and I decided to try the 8" "El Retiro" ($7.50). It is described on the menu as, "House made roast beef topped with sautéed onions and Swiss served on pressed Cuban bread and a side of house au jus". I probably would have gone another day without writing this review but this sandwich, so inspired me that I just couldn't put it off any longer. This sandwich is simply magnificent!Tender roast beef, sautéed onions and the perfect amount of Swiss on fresh, and I stress the word fresh Cuban bread with a side of wonderfully flavored, au jus. I did add a little pepper to mine, as I'm a big fan of black pepper, but other than that it was flawless.As I mentioned earlier, I have had several sandwiches myself and tried bites of coworkers as well, at this fine establishment and all have been very good. One thing to keep in mind is that these are 8" subs not 6" ones, so in my case, having a side item creates a problem for me in that I'm not very functional afterwards. Consequently, I now skip the side item but your mileage may vary. They have a Coca-Cola fountain dispenser and I usually just get a sandwich and a drink. They offer daily specials sometimes featuring already on the menu items and sometimes they are items that are not on the menu. I have had a couple of those and they have been good as well.Another tip, for me ordering the steak and cheese off the menu will not suffice as it is served with cheese whiz as the cheese. I realize there are two schools of thought with this. For those of you not into cheese wiz, like me, you can sub out that for provolone making it a proper steak and cheese sandwich. I will also warn you to pay attention that the peppers used are green peppers, not red peppers which does change the taste quite a bit so be prepared or 86 them.Overall this is a great lunch place for consistency. I think a key to their success is the limited menu that Jason has assembled. As many restaurant shows will attest, if you do one thing and you do it right you'll be successful. This is a case study.  Their trimmed down menu features regular, specialty sandwiches and of course, open-faced sandwiches. For regular subs they have pork, ham, turkey, roast beef, a combo, a club, and a veggie, simple. They have 15 specialty sandwiches and three open faced sandwiches that honestly, and I hate to admit this, I haven't tried yet. However, since the open roast beef features a side of the house au jus, the same that I had for my French dip, I'd have to say it's a shoe in.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,12/26/2013,60,111,4,5,5>Wright's is my favorite place to grab a sandwich in the Tampa Bay area. This place is  usually bumping; I have been several times where the line snakes out the door. My first time there, I definitely had prepared myself mentally for some type of soup Nazi situation.  Despite all of the craziness, the line moved quickly. My all time favorite sandwich is the Golden Gate ( Roast pork, crisp bacon, Jarlsberg cheese, German dill pickle slices, lettuce,that famous mustard sauce, and peach chutney on a double-decker of buttercrust white bread. Heaven.) The sides are also expertly crafted, the Shrimp Salad is an excellent example. The salads are huge, I am a big fan of the Turkey Chef. The fine folks at Wright's are also known for their baked goods. Every cupcake I have shoved in my mouth post-sandwich has been delicious. My goal is to eat every item on their menu, happily. It is good to have goals. Go to Wright's!!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,12/25/2013,204,405,5,9,8>Drew Street in Clearwater is known for good many excellent Mexican taquerias.But the best kept secret is Manos Bakery.WOW.What a great findThe spinach and custard pie (or whatever it's called) is off the charts here.Stopping by on a slow afternoon, and you just might get to chat with the owner, who represents at least 3 generations of bakery operation prowess going back to Greece itself.  This family knows Greek bakeries, and it shows in every bite.That conversation alone is worth the time to stop.  But I challenge you to just enter the door, smell the goodies and walk out empty handed.I dare you.Double dog dare you.Atmosphere:  5Service:  5Food:   5Value:   5When I get to heaven, I want to live in Manos' neighborhood, because eating here on Earth too often would explode my waistline.  .
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,12/24/2013,77,92,3,9,6>I took the lady to Lauro's for our anniversary last year.I wasn't disappointed. I heard this place was a classy place and wasn't familiar with it, but I left impressed. It's a real sit down dinner restaurant with a 5 course meal, old fashion proper table settings with drape decor wall to wall. I felt like I was eating at a God Father restaurant or something.Our meal consisted of salad, avocado salad (Florida avocado sliced finely with olive oil dressing), bread, pesto pasta. It was a fine meal and I was really impressed with all the dishes, especially the salads.As a vegetarian, this place mainly serves steak and italian food. The prices are high but manageable.  As a vegetarian I tend to be a cheap date since I don't order much besides salads or light dishes so going to pricey restaurants doesn't phase me.Overall this is a great place, very old fashion Italian restaurant. It's quiet, romantic and  candle lit. There's really not much more you can ask from a classic Italian restaurant.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,12/23/2013,81,138,3,5,3>Frenchy's is always a great idea when you are in the mood for a beachy vibe bar with tasty food. Frenchy's is a Clearwater Beach institution and I'm always impressed with the service there because it's always packed. I've eaten oysters, fried clams, burgers, mahi, wings, nachos, salads, and well the list goes on and on. It's all been good and while, not exactly the healthiest meals around, it sure does hit the spot after a day on the beach. Pro Tip: You can walk off the food and/or booze just by stepping out on the beach. Or you could always go grab ice cream nearby...up to you really.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,12/22/2013,200,161,1,6,4>I fought EVERYBODY when it came to trying the Taco Bus.Food out of a bus? Off Hillsborough and Nebraska? Outside? No thanks.Boy was I wrong.After many begs, I finally went here and although it's a little rough around the edges on the outside, the food is DE-LISH.Now, I live down the street from the original "bus" and each time I go there I tell myself I'm going to order something different, however, I usually default to my go-to meal: the fish tacos with a side of guacamole. Their fish tacos are light, not greasy and topped with fresh slaw, pickled onions, pico de gallo and an amazing cream sauce. Their guacamole is to die for, and hands down the best I've ever had. Served with a side of tostado chips and fresh pico de gallo on top.They also make a mean horchata (like a drinkable rice pudding) that I get every time. It's creamy and refreshing with just a hint of cinnamon. Their food is fresh, there are TONS of vegetarian and healthy options and the staff is always friendly. The original location is open 24 hours a day, yes 24-7, and have call ahead ordering out. The waits can be long, so it's best to call ahead.The best news? Taco Bus has expanded all over the bay area! There are locations in Downtown Tampa, St. Pete, the USF area and their newest location: Brandon!When Carlos, from Carlos Eats, extended an invitation to a blogger dinner he was hosting at the Brandon location, I couldn't refuse. Both the guy and I have become major fans of the Bus, and I knew he'd jump at an opportunity to check out the new location.The new Taco Bus is located at 301 South Falkenburg Road. Brian and I were the first to arrive and were warmly greeted by Taco Bus founder Rene Valenzuela. As we waited for the rest of the group to arrive, Rene brought us out fresh, ice cold horchatas. We sipped and chatted a bit as we looked around the new location, which is much bigger than the others. With a spacious outdoor patio seating area, indoor booths and a huge group counter top area, Taco Bus Brandon is the perfect place for groups and parties. I may or may not already be planning my next birthday party! ;) #JunebabyBefore we knew it, the others had arrived and the food began rolling out.And boy did it roll!Rene's goal for the evening was to introduce us to some of the vegetarian options Taco Bus has to offer. With limited vegetarian restaurnaunts in the Brandon area, Taco Bus may become a go to for all the local herbivores. ;) We tried SO many dishes: tofu and tempeh tostadas (amazing!), rajas con queso tostadas, cochinita pibil tostadas, carne asada tacos, butternut squash tostadas, guacamole  and (my favorite) creamy tres leches cake for dessert. I made sure to make room for dessert. Their tres leches does NOT disappoint! So refreshing and rich!As we ate, Rene told us stories of how the Taco Bus came to be. As he explains his story, you can see and hear the pride in his voice. These recipes are traditional family recipes that focus on fresh and healthy ingredients. Nothing comes out of a can around these parts. It's a product you can feel good about putting into your body.If you haven't been to any of the Bay Area Taco Bus locations, go now. And if you don't live in the area, I feel sorry for you! So sorry that I may air-mail you a carne asada burrito.Thanks again to Rene for the hospitality and Carlos for the invitation!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,2/23/2013,55,65,,5,2>A wonderful shelter that provides a terrific community service to the people and pets of Tampa.If you are considering bringing home a cat or dog, please please please visit the Humane Society first. In addition to a wonderful, and ever changing selection of pets, they have a lovely little retail store with pet supplies, and a brand-new veterinary clinic.I suggest browsing their website, as they keep it updated regularly, and if you see a dog you want, RUN to the shelter - as they do go fast. They get a variety of breeds, I've seen shi-poos, papillons and just plain adorable mutts. If you see one you like, take the paperwork to the front counter, fill out the application, and then they'll take you to a private area to interact with the animal. For dogs, make sure you visit both kennels and the puppy room in the back. Cats are everywhere, every size, color, age and temperment imaginable. There is a room full of kittens to play with (every girl's dream) and another room with adult cats that get to play. If you are in a pinch and have animals already, the Humane Society can help you with donated pet food, and there are lots of opportunities for volunteering.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,2/22/2013,85,155,2,5,2>If you want a wonderful Colombian cuisine experience, I highly recommend trying this place.  I've eaten here many, many times over the past 8 years and am finally getting around to giving this place a well deserved review.I'm a Polish Princess married to a Colombian Prince.  It's nice to be able to frequent a place that my children can connect with their heritage.  My In-laws eat here on their monthly pilgrimage to Tampa to stock their pantry with Latin supplies.According to my husband's family, this cuisine is typical of the mountainous region of Colombia; say to Medellin or Cali.   If you want a good (flank) steak and potato (yucca) experience, this is the place for you.My son loves their pork chops.  My daughter eats anything on an Arepa.  My husband and I enjoy their country platters which are offered in various combinations of flank steak with or without sausage, yucca, plantains and rice with beans.  My in-laws tends to enjoy their chicken and rice.The flan is exceptional.  Also a treat is their bakery which my husband enjoy to take home way TOO much!  Recently opened to the north of the restaurant is La Pequena Express which my father-in-law is always complaining is too crowded every time he stops which must mean it's doing well!At any given time, the patrons are 95% Colombian or Latino which in itself is a testament to how good and authentic this food is.  I would recommend avoiding the meal rush times.  This place is small and there's no place inside to really wait.  The parking lot is also very tight.  We generally stop for brunch around 11 or lunch after 1:30.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,2/21/2013,97,705,7,8,7>This is a review from a girl who doesn't get to Ybor too often and hasn't been to the castle in over 10 years....it was my bachelorette party and definitely the club I wanted to end the evening with.It was exactly how I remembered it.  It truly feels like a castle and is dark, multi-leveled and kind of dank inside.  We sat on a floor that that had a "whipping chamber" for lack of a better term.  Couples would come up to the chamber and lean against a big X while their partner would excite them with a leather like whip....interesting. Any outfit/costume goes.  We saw plenty of people in top hats, a girl in a bumblebee outfit, Boba Fett costume and plenty of people in all black.  Me in my bachelorette outfit stood out, but everyone was welcoming and nice.  If you've never experienced The Castle, of recommend you do.  It's definitely one of a kind here in Tampa.And oh, I did not see the Senator last night. Bummer!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,2/20/2013,363,244,3,8,6>I wanted to try their Chicago Style Deep Dish this time, I was with my business associate and she likes pizza with toppings , as any of you who have read my reviews on pizza, I do not lol I am a purist 95% of the time I eat it. So we ordered 1 medium Cappy's Special Deep dish and I opted for the large regular deep dish.Back home Pizzeria's do offer toppings but most of the pizza they sell is Str8 up Neao or Sicilian, it does not need no topping to enhance the flavor,unless its a Bianca or Eggplant Pizza.Called and they said about 30 minutes due to extra time for deep dish. Cappy's has a bit of a Olde world pizzeria atmosphere sorta like you would find on the lower east of NYC or up on Arthur Ave in the Bronx.When I got back to my office , opened them up and the pizza looked and smelled very good. My reg DD was full of sauce which I love , for me the more sauce the better but as long as if its a good sauce and I have to give them props, the sauce was very good, well balanced sweet and acidic ratio and chunky not too oily either. The cheese was a bit lacking tho I don't like Mozza overload but I think this one needed more.My partner's pizza looked very good as well, It tasted even better , even as much as next time I would opt for the Cappy's Special, This is my issue with toppings, they tend to overtake the main flavors the pizza and you end up with a  peppermeatballsausagespinachmushroom mess.... , the toppings on their's complimented the pizza without trying to be the headlining act. Although I did like the Deep Dish , next time I would go back to my roots and choose the NY Style but maybe...with the Cappy's special and see how that turns out.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,2/19/2013,45,26,6,9,7>If you are fairly new to Korean food (like myself) I'd suggest going with an expert. This is an experience unlike any other restaurant I've been to, and my second time visiting during the UYE thrown by Coty- so fun!First off, the staff is very friendly and able to answer any questions you have. We started off getting a description of what each of the dishes consisted of. Lots of Kimchi veggies, noodles and other various sides.This BBQ experience was different from the last one (was soup before). They started by bringing out Korean Pancakes (YUM!) while the coals heated up on the table. Once it was hot enough we were able to place in the beef and start cooking. The general idea is to make a lettuce wrap with beef, kimchi and sauce. Unfortunately I don't remember the proper names of anything (again-bring an expert with you!) but I do recommend using the flat rice cakes (?) as opposed to the lettuce. It brings out the flavor of the beef and Kimchi so much more, making it extra delicious.Honestly I could have eaten that all night if my stomach wasn't so pesky being full and all...We ended the night with a Sweet Potato birthday cake- really good!Remember to check out the market before you leave. Everything in there looks amazing. Luckily my boyfriend lives down the road, so might be picking up some spicy ramen noodles and buns next week :)Will definitely be returning for the next UYE!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/18/2013,119,371,3,3,3>Suffice to say that Ben Franklin & I have the same hairline. That said, I still try to do the most with what I have. I figured I would try something in my 'hood! I saw a gentleman having his hair cut who shared the same hairline as me. I figured I would go with this lady and ask for the same cut. "April" took me to her chair and asked me about my running. (I was in my running clothes.) I told her about my latest race. Then she told me she does the "mudder" and obstacle runs as well as Marathons! Yeah, it was meant to be AND she gave me the exact cut I wanted! Guys, if you're looking for a simple cut for a reasonable price, this is it!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,2/17/2013,33,137,,4,3>What a cool place! Skater inspired chic cafe with LOTS of vegetarian friendly food. It's optional to add meat, which is a great idea, and I wish more restaurants did this.We ordered the black bean dip which came with tortilla chips. I'm pretty sure both are homemade - the black beam dip is for sure. Super yummy. For my meal I got the black bean burger which had a homemade blackbean patty, mozzarella, spinach, tomato, onion, and spicy ketchup on a kaiser roll. The patty had just the right amount of crispness, and the spicy ketchup is a nice touch. I chose the Asian slaw which had an incredible, nutty sesame dressing. They have a great selection of craft beers, too.Our server was really nice, helpful, and on the ball. This is a new favorite when I'm in Ybor.My only complaint is that the music is just a touch too loud. (I'm only 41 so I'm not that old either!) It was hard to talk to my wife across the table.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,2/16/2013,149,551,2,3,2>Classy, clean, modern, and stylish are not always the adjectives associated with Vietnamese food. I'm super happy to say that La V has successfully fused top quality Vietnamese cuisine with all the adjectives above.It's a great success and we've found our new regular spot for pho, banh mi, and Vietnamese iced coffee.If you close our eyes, spin around three times, and open them again, you could easily be in a trendy spot in NYC. But no, we're in St Pete. I don't know what they've done with downtown but, I like it!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,2/15/2013,79,271,4,5,4>My favorite part of Cinebistro?  No one under 21 allowed!! No screaming babies, no obnoxious loitering teenagers shouting things at the screen.  Just a classy adult experience.My least favorite part?  A night out at Cinebistro will easily set you back $50 ($15 for the ticket plus $35 on food and drink).I've enjoyed all the food I've ordered here- though it clearly is marked up for the convenience factor.  That being said, it's always tasted great.  The big comfy seats and reserved seating are perks for busier movies when you'd usually stress about getting a good seat.  Considering what it costs to go to a normal movie theater ($10+) these days- the extra few bucks to me are worth it to enjoy a peaceful stress free movie experience.  I still go to regular movie theaters occasionally- but you definitely get spoiled after coming here. It's kind of like going back to coach after flying first class.... (or at least what I imagine it'd be like since I've never actually flown first class haha)
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,2/14/2013,34,288,2,3,2>Superb is the best way to describe this restaurant and the waitstaff. The decor is beautiful (wood carvings), food (yummy, plentiful and fresh), waitstaff (attentive and pleasant), waitstaff's attire (appropriate and in sync with the decor), service (the waitstaff and greeter ensure that we didn't want for anything - drinks replenished, water without asking, etc.) and price (a lot of food for the price).Note -- the restaurant uses a chain on the doors when it's closed, so don't think they are out of business. The first time we went by it was during their 'unopened' times and we thought they were out of business. Today we visited during their business hours as noted on Yelp and the chain was not there and the "open" light was on. :)
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,12/30/2012,262,160,,6,2>Ah, the Brunchery. I love this place. I mean it, I do! Whenever we come here, there is just so much to choose from but the friendly staff is patient enough to wait while my picky little mind makes a choice from the vast menu!The Food: delish! I LOVE the stuffed french toast and there are always specials that I like to try up on their chalkboard. The best I had recently was their lobster omlette...and it was around $10! Not too shappy!The Atmosphere: down home and laid back, just the way I like itThe staff: Super friendly, very homey feel to everyoneThis place is great for brunch or breakfast and they have so many items to choose from like biscuits and gravy to pancakes (yum, banana nut) to muffins to omlettes to breakfast specials to sandwiches!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,12/29/2012,119,94,5,7,7>So happy this place is here. There's no place like it in the Downtown area (which is a shame). This might make me sound like a dork but walking into this place makes me feel hip and cool. Or, I guess I should say hipp-er and cool-er. It's a bit like Narnia. I have no idea how they got everything in that tiny store. Outside, they've got local produce when it's available as well as some potted plants. Inside, they've got free-range, local eggs when available. How can you not love that? They are also have a wide selection of shelf-foods such as soups, snacks, condiments, etc. I don't think that you could do all of your shopping here but it's great if you live or work in the area and need something fast. They have a great craft beer selection complete with the option to build your own 6-pack. They have a small, but good, selection of wines as well. The $10 Pinot Grigio they keep cold in the fridge for me is delicious and perfect after a long day!Give them a try, they've got some unique products. I know it's a bit more expensive than publix but the shopping experience and location is worth it. Plus, you'll feel so cool for going!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/28/2012,2378,688,3,9,9>I checked out the Armed Forces History Museum yesterday for a story I am writing on them and was really impressed that something like this is in Tampa Bay. It's not that far out of the way as well if you're driving down Ulmerton Road from 275. There were plenty of cool military vehicles and displays outside the museum. I didn't get to go inside, but want to check it out in the future. They are having a Sizzling Summer Promotion (armedforcesmuseum.com/si) with a number of discounts and special activities available throughout the summer for both adults and kids. Yesterday I checked out a World War II live re-enactment where experts on weapons and history explained some of the weapons that were used by the American soldiers in the last century and even fired a few rounds from guns (allowing the kids to keep the gun shells after they cooled down). The team was very well studied on weapons and many of them are actual veterans or have an active interest in the military.Kids can also ride in vehicles for an additional fee. I think in general this is just something different to do and I believe in supporting history as it is so important to our society. Check it out with the kids if you haven't yet during one of their promotions and give it a shot. Walking across the deck of a Japanese carrier attacking Peal Harbor sounds like a pretty interesting experience to say the least. I'll be back.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,12/27/2012,104,109,3,8,4>I tried Ethiopian food for the first time last night at Queen of Sheba. I went here because of a Groupon I bought and I'm glad I tried it. I liked it!  The cuisine reminded me of Indian food, which is one of my favorite ethnic delights. However with Ethiopian food, you eat with your hands by scooping up said piles of food with injera, which is like a thin and airy version of Indian na'an. Thin as it may be, using bread as an edible utensil left me feeling rather full at the end.The Queens Platter is like a sampler platter of 8 different items. You can order all vegetarian but we chose a combo of meats and vegetables. I actually preferred the veggies (red lentils, a yellow pea mash, a cabbage mix) over the meats. The meats were little gamey for me. I enjoyed scooping up little bits of all the assorted dishes with the injera. The Groupon also came with an appetizer sampler. On that was a hummus-like dip, a lentil hummus-esque dip, a fried appetizer that was like a a cross between an Indian samosa or a Jamaican jerk patty, and a tomato salad. They are not afraid of spice here, so if you avoid spice (I do not) beware of the rogue fresh jalapeno in the salad. I did not enjoy the honey drink (way too sweet, basically honey water) but the Ethiopian coffee at the end of the meal was nice. I guess normally there is a coffee ceremony where the beans are roasted tableside, but we missed out on that because it was late and we were closing the place down.Service was very friendly here and there's a nice cozy, dim-lit atmosphere. I was also kind of surprised that they had a pretty long wine list and wines from all over. I had a merlot from Argentina that was really good. I would probably go back, but without a Groupon, it would have been pretty darn pricey. Do NOT go here with a picky eater, this place is only for the adventurous at heart.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,12/26/2012,65,72,2,2,2>Ah, my chateau away from chateau. Mimis, Je suis dans l'amour. Maybe it's the beginners experience, or maybe it's just quality every time. The first time I came to Mimi's I was delighted by their exceptional service and food - all at a moderate price. The small dining room is decorated as if it's a home away from home, with cozy decor and art that catches your eye. The menu is several pages long, so come packed with your appetite! They start off with a warm assortment of homemade breads, an bonus point for any restaurant. My favorite purchase is their specialty deal, where you get a soup, entree and dessert for well under 20. Go for the bread pudding; for dessert, it's served piping hot with a butter rum sauce that you can't wait to reheat at home. Bonus points - your first time at Mimi's, you get a to go box of chocolate muffins, on the house! Warm them up and serve with butter at home, and you won't want to wait long for your return. Not in the mood for dining away from home? No worries, you can order online and pick up at the restaurant! Oohh the convenience of online ordering.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,12/25/2012,98,216,,3,4>So happy it is fall and the market is back in its winter home!!  The weather was great today and made for a crowded market - well combine that with the fact that there were three charity walks in St Pete today as well.  That is OK, bring on the people it creates for a great atmosphere.  I love that they always have live music, a diverse selection of food and unique vendors.  There are plenty of parking garages in the area as well as street parking.Come hungry and bring cash, although I noticed that they have ATM's.  There are a lot of vendors that are constant at the market and then some that rotate in and out through out the "season."  One of our favorites is Abby with HoolaMonsters.  She is always right near the stage.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,12/24/2012,39,77,1,6,4>I love this place and they make the best toffee packaged in the cutest little boxes. I give it to my clients every year for the holidays. They even put my company logo on the box. I never knew a little box of toffee could be so loved and appreciated. It practically gets ripped out of my hands once I walk in the door. People LOVE this stuff and I love the fact that it is from a company right here in Tampa. The staff is very sweet and they are happy to work with you for large orders. I think Toffee to Go is also perfect as a wedding favor especially if you have a lot of out of town guests. It is always nice to give your guests a little something from your city. Stop by their store on Bay to Bay in South Tampa. Try a little piece and then prepare to open your wallet and buy some. You will be hooked! They have different flavors and you can buy variety boxes. You can purchase right there on the spot but for larger orders it is best to call in so they can have it ready for you when you get there.Tip: Sometimes they will sell bags of small toffee bits that break off when they cut it. These make perfect ice cream toppings :)
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,12/23/2012,37,159,4,10,5>Unless you're rolling around in $100 dollar bills, don't consider Bern's a restaurant. Consider it an experience. An experience that includes melt-in-your-mouth steak.  This is event eating at it's best in Tampa Bay. Birthday's, anniversaries and holidays should be spent here.I've been to Bern's several times in the past 20 years and not much has changed. If you arrive early, have a drink in the intimate bar. Then you'll be escorted to a table in small room, each room seeming to have no more than 10 tables max in it. The theme of each room is different, so when you go back, try to "get a room" that you haven't been too. First off, tell your waiter you'd like a tour after your meal and that'd you'd like a spot in the desert room. Then thumb through the wine book to get a preview of the wine cellar you'll visit later. Peruse the verbose menu and then order your steak by cut and ounce. Consider splitting a steak with other members of your party, you'll still both get full courses. Then sit back and enjoy the remarkable service. Your wine is poured by decanter. Your potato mixed right in front of you. And your steak will be the best steak you've tasted. All the sides are delicious but the steak is the highlight. Make sure you have room to eat Every. Single. Bite. No doggie bags here.After your meal, take the tour. You get to see the kitchen, which is large and very busy. You get to see fish tanks, ancient coffee roasters, the fromage fridge. It's a bustling operation that makes you appreciate that meal you're still digesting. After the kitchen, you'll get to visit the wine cellar. It's less busy down there, it's your chance to ask a lot of questions, and you'll get your answers.  I challenge you to resist building a wine closet when you get home! Then you'll be shuffled upstairs for desert. You'll notice the desert menu is more about the after dinner drinks than food. But don't be fooled. Ask about the Macadamia nut ice cream recipe while you sit in your private booth listening to music of your choice. Usually because you're still stuffed from dinner, you're not much in the mood for more food, so I'd recommend making a separate visit to just the desert room at some point in your life. It'll still be a large bill but it'll allow you to better enjoy the drinks and a desert. Remember, Bern's is an event, so plan accordingly, Make reservations weeks in advance. Bring cash for the valet. Plan on 4 hours if you're having desert. And make sure your credit card isn't near it's limit. Every big city needs a place like this, it's like an amusement park for adults. Enjoy!
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,12/22/2012,102,330,3,8,5>"Ummm, Hi is this New Orleans? I would like to have your deliciousness delivered to Clearwater Florida, PRONTO!!!"If it were only that easy to get awesome food straight out of the Big Easy here in Clearwater! Well guess what! YOU CAN --- IT'S CALLED NAUTI-NANCY'S.Ordered some delivery from work today. Blackened Fish Sandwich on a hoagie bun, Twice Baked Potato Soup with Bacon and Cheddar on top, and then they tossed in 2 beignets on the side!!! Nancy came here herself to deliver! She was so awesome, very friendly! I said I was going to update after I made it inside, but I couldn't wait that long to get more food from here, so I am going to update now as the food settles in my stomach, and then I will update again after I take my fiancee to eat inside. She is going to love it because she spent her undergrad days in New Orleans at Tulane.Nancy says they have live blues a lot, so we will have to make it on one of those nights. If you like New Orleans and you are in the area, you gotta check out Nauti Nancy's!OH YES AND MY FOOD WAS EXCELLENT!!! Next time I will try to Shrimp Po-Boy because of all the other wonderful Yelp reviews. But blackened fish sandwich and twice baked potato soup were perfect, and still steaming hot when they arrived only 15 minutes after I ordered!!!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,12/21/2012,72,220,6,6,6>Barrow's is my lunch escape on days where I have to get out of my office before I say or do something I regret.  Don't act like you don't know what that's like; we all have days where our greatest accomplishment at work is we didn't punch anyone, no matter how much they deserved it.  Five stars is well deserved here.  On one hand, they just do soup, sammies and salads.  On the other - a well-dressed sandwich and hot cup of homemade soup is a thing of great beauty.  I love the number of bread options (up with rye and pumpernickel!) and the slices always taste super fresh.  Barrows also slices all their meats and cheeses when you order.  Why this improves the taste, I have no idea - but it really does.  I also always check their website to see the day's homemade soups before leaving the office and usually manage to have myself ravenous by the time I arrive.All of the usual options are here - turkey, ham, egg salad, tuna salad - but I think Barrow's unique combinations are where they really shine.  The Turkey BLT teams up turkey and crisp bacon with a delicious Russian dressing on pumpernickel and the Roast Beef Rancher is piled with homemade, freshly shaved roast beef and Havarti and paper-thin slices of red onion for a nice bite to balance the richness of the meat.  I don't do white bread so I usually have them switch out the bread on this one.But hands-down, the sandwich that has soothed the savage beast and kept me from quitting via text DURING my lunch hour is the Monte Barrow.  Hot pressed and piled high with turkey, ham and salami...this sandwich sends me back to work with a full and happy tummy and a smile on my face, if not a song in my heart.  Thank you, Barrows, for being there on the days I just don't think I can take one more minute of work and feeding me so well!
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,7/2/2014,79,271,6,7,5>Love love love this race!!!After 2 years of participating in various races throughout the state- I thoroughly enjoy the Best Damn Race for several reasons.1. Women's shirt sizes.  So many races get off cheaply by doing unisex sizes...and what does that mean for my petite body? A giant shirt I will never wear again.  2.Unlimited free food and beer.  A lot of the bigger races only let you make one pass through the food or beer line (often with a ticket off your bib), OR they only offer a banana.  BDR has legit food, and no limit. Of course- I do expect fellow runners to be respectful of this rule.3. MEDALS.  Now, while running is about the personal challenge and internal achievement, it doesn't hurt to have a medal to show for it! The medals I hang on my wall are motivating. And I will gladly pay more for an entry fee if it means I get a medal at the end. 4. The race organizer is a runner himself. This race was started by runners for runners.  And the organizer, Nick, really cares about making sure everyone is happy.  I love that passion and willingness to accept feedback and adapt.  I will anxiously await registration for 2015- as I'm sure it will fill up fast!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,7/1/2014,21,131,3,5,3>Ok I'm not an expert on dim sum by any stretch but this was some good food. You sit there and they bring it to you, show it and explain it then, if you want some, they put it on your table. It's like a rolling buffet that comes to you. (what could possibly be wrong with that??) The food was very tasty and the service was awesome. Any number of people asked us how we were doing and my diet coke was refilled lightning fast. This place is located in a little strip center that has a number of Asian stores and restaurants so I suspect there is an Asian enclave in this area, They also have a full menu with a number of different styles of Asian food that I rather suspect are also quite good. As as with any ethnic restaurant always check the customers: in this case I walked in and saw that there were Asians eating at the Asian restaurant (this is a good thing). Paul's law of ethnic restaurants clearly states: If there are no people of the ethnicity of the restaurant eating in the resturant . . . leave.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,6/30/2014,124,268,7,12,5>Oceanic literally has everything, EVERYTHING you ever need, period. They have corners of this store I didn't even know existed. The store itself is just that immense, they're like a mini Asian Ikea. I'm actually pretty sure they even sell furniture in here somewhere. Beside stocking just the regular run of the mill Asian sundries, there are a few things I would like to point out: 1. They have an awesome deli with duck, pork and dim sum. 2. A great produce selection at a reasonable price, and I believe a portion is locally grown. 3. They have every utensil for cooking at flea market rates.4. Tons of herbs and spices at reasonable rates.Basically if you cook and you aren't shopping at Oceanic, you should check yourself. I do wish they had some more cultural finds that were rarities, but all-in-all they do a great job of stocking a wide variety of culinary staples from across Asia. I wish I felt safe about purchasing meat there, but we're not on that level yet as friends. The staff are all super friendly, and will help you in any way possible. The store in general is super clean. I have yet to go in to find something and walk out empty handed. All of this plus the reasonable prices make for a winning combination.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,6/29/2014,106,256,,6,2>It's been a while since I first went to Eddie and Sam's.This has to be my favorite pizza in the Tampa Bay area, that I've tried at least. Most times I grab the lunch special, two giant cheese slices and a drink for $6. These aren't dinky little slices, they will (or at least should) fill you up!The place gets crowded especially at lunch and on weekends, but you never have to wait too long. They're generous with the toppings. Definitely worth a visit if you're a fan of NYC pizza, or pizza in general for that matter!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,6/28/2014,134,672,2,4,3>A super experience as a YELP River Crawl.   Have been wanting to try a river tour and Groupon presented a perfect opportunity.  So about 16 of us gathered to have a coffee/light brunch start at the Columbia Cate in the Tampa History Museum. Then a pleasant 15 minute walk along a well-used Riverwalk to the e-boats docks near the Convention Center.  After some liability paperwork,  a safety/navigation and practice driving/docking session for our 2 Captains (Steve E & me), we boarded and loaded our beverages in the provided ice chests.  Weather was perfect and river traffic was light.....driving was similar to the golf cart with hyper sensitive steering.  We cruised downtown, saw the construction for extending river walk, heard the Curtis Hixon Gasparilla Music Festival, glided past U of Tampa and sunbathers, checked out the building of Ulele restaurant in the old Waterworks building, and continued up to Rick's on the River.   Ricks had complimentary apps waiting for us and we had hearty lunches, served pretty quickly on the crowded deck...next to a lunch meeting of Special Forces vets.   Again we had to ask for quick checks to reboard. One boat was notably slower and we had to press to get back in the 2-hour rental window.  Got back a bit late but no hassle from the e-boat folks.......this is definitely a do-again with family. An extra was an escort by a pod of dolphins riding our invisible wake on the way back.If time is an issue for you, ask for the faster boat.  Weather is now perfect and the boats provide cover and shade.  A great deal with or without Groupon. And the unofficial YELP flag flew unofficially proudly without conveying any implication of liability for YELP corporate for any imaginable tort or negligence.  (and we had at least one lawyer and one disaster manager on board at all times....and none of the beer/wine was consumed on board)
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,6/27/2014,134,111,3,5,3>Fantastic fresh vegetables!  I have never been to a Chinese food restaurant that serves such fresh veggies like the china wok does.  Please don't loose this quality.This location is 5min down the road for us so some nights it's perfect.  Located off college and I-75 in ruskin.  The staff is super friendly and prompt.  The food is good especially the vegetables. The menu is a bit long but when you go enough you go right to what you want;)I would have fived this review but they lacked sweetness in the lemon chicken sauce and orange chicken as well.  The rice is always perfect and the crab Rangoon is excellent.  I love hot mustard but you have to ask for the one they make or else you get the week packaged stuff.Based in my other visits around us this place is one of two we would make trips to eat at.  Obviously not fancy inside but don't expect it to be just expect great people and good food!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,6/26/2014,260,310,4,7,4>I love coming here. Breakfast/brunch is awesome, and I love the hustle and bustle. Grab a cup of coffee, peruse the store next door while waiting, and then enjoy. The outside tables are also first come first serve.Any of the frittatas are awesome. The Mexican frittata is amazing, but seriously, you can't go wrong with any of the frittatas.The pancake breakfast sandwich is quite amazing as well. It's a generous heap of flapjacks with egg, ham, swiss nestled in between the cakes.Anyway, definitely an awesome place!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,6/25/2014,129,380,2,7,6>Agave is located on-ish St Pete Beach. I've passed a million times coming home from the beach, and I finally decided to check it out. I'm so glad I did. Firstly, the staff was awesome. From the bartenders to my server, I was very pleased. They were friendly and attentive, and I wanted for not. I was there on National Margarita day and enjoyed a scrumptious margarita. This is a drink that could go either way at places, and Agave nailed it. My meal was outstanding. The rice they served was different than what I'm used to at Mexican restaurants, but it was very tasty. I had enchiladas that were just as yummy heated up the next day as they were in the restaurant. One warning I must give is beware the red sauce that comes with the tortilla chips. That stuff was INSANELY SPICY!Overall, Agave is a win.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,6/24/2014,97,336,2,9,6>I visited this establishment about 2 weeks ago and purposely waited to write my review, until I could devote my full attention to this hidden gem. It is located almost beside the Empress Tea Room, behind Chili's off N. Dale Mabry and S. Village Drive. This establishment only has 2 rooms and 6 tables. FORGET  all the gastro pubs and microbreweries (even though they have some fine beers on the menu), now we have an exclusive Italian WINE pub, no we can't call it a pub, it would not do it justice. Let's call it an Italian  wine effiicianad  (or willing to be)  cafe', with a   reference of Italian homemade cooking. Of course along with the gourmet dishes that are not the same every night, but vary with the seasons, availability of local products and the talented cooking wives urges.  are a broad assortment of amazing appetizers, meats, cheeses, paninis, snacks, dips, munchies, and lets not forget desserts.I have never seen this on a restaurant menu and this speaks volumes to the establishment being all about the wine. Enoteca has a BYOF policy you can chose to participate in, but Okay we have established it is a wine cafe first, foremost and always and there is food available.  It is an establishment ALL about Italian wine,that I must mention, most cannot be found in local stores.  The food is an added bonus! Talk about authentic, Enoteca is full of Italian charm and hospitality! This establishment is impeccably clean and when you are seated a fresh place-mat and utensils are placed before you. The knowledge of the owners on the wines and pairings is incredible. You wish you had hours to just discuss wine and food with this happy, ever so willing to please, knowledgeable couple. Once you place your order you are presented with a silver bell. You are to ring the bell if you need additional service, before you are checked on. This is difficult to do, as the owner always has 1/2 an eye waiting to see if you could possibly  want or need anything more.This particular evening I had  left a book club meeting and have to admit I had not finished the book. I wanted to sit back, enjoy a glass or 2 of wine and enjoy my reading. I was so amazed at this hidden gem and wonderful LOCAL merchants, blazing a new trail here in Tampa, I just wanted to talk about the business and they were kind enough to indulge my intense curiosity and growing love for their establishment. I was amazed, no SHOCKED to find that they had been in business about a year and a half and I missed them!After feeding my curiosity, I settled back with the robust wine I had chosen, very soft comforting music in the background and proceeded to read my book. Well you know how that goes, you get a bit hungry and just want something to nibble on something.  I ordered the hot spinach and artichoke dip,  we have all had many of these, but this was different, creamy, in a thick luscious way, not too spicy, but very flavorful. I am sure this is one of the least interesting things they serve, but it was what I was in the mood fora and very good.I am amazed we got this gem in Carrollwood and not in Ybor or South Tampa!!! We need to work to keep this establishment in this area of town.. The owner wants the establishment to be accessible to all wine lovers, for all reasons. Come for dinner, a snack, to read a book, watchTV or have a small meeting, book club, game night, party, whatever you can imagine (within reason, of course) the owner will be happy to work with you and help you plan your event or just make Your evening special, weather you are reading a book or proposing marriage. Yes, this establishment is that intimate and memorable.I predict and fervently hope that in 6 months you must have a reservation or know the owner to gain access to one of the precious few tables. You notice I haven't mentioned the owners name, as I hope to be on that short list that will be able to always gain access!This is truly a business to be cherished and nurtured by anyone that loves wine or thinks they might like it, because they will leave loving wine. If you explain the flavors you are in the mood for that evening the owner and suggest several wines that will meet with what you desire and I guarantee you will not be disappointed.Do yourself a favor and give this hidden gem a try, you will not regret it. When you visit take the time to introduce yourself to the owners, relax, enjoy yourself and feel like you are visiting family, this is just another of  their Sweet Secrets.The food items actually surprised me by how inexpensive they were. I discussed the prices with the owner and he stated that many people had mentioned his prices were low for the Tampa Bay area and he replied that his dream was to make his establishment accessible to ALL. What a great sentiment and believe me once you visit you will understand the logic, love and passion behind all that this establishment is, has to offer and why it should be destined for a great future, here in North Tampa.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,6/23/2014,221,240,3,5,3>Yay! I am so glad Ciccio's in back in New Tampa! I must admit that I was a wee bit disappointed that it's Ciccio's Cali and not Ciccio's Lodge like the previous location in the Publix plaza. I initially fell in love with Ciccio's because of their queso and guacamole, and my husband fell in love over their crispy cheese burger, which was a panty dropper of a cheeseburger. Just sayin. It's true. But neither are on the Ciccio's Cali menu. Cue tiny violin. Anywho, enough about the past. We went for brunch a few weeks ago and I had the Monterrey hash- sautéed peppers, onions, potatoes, and ham with two eggs over easy. It was awesome! So flavorful, and I have to applaud them for their portions- just enough to fill you up and satisfy you without getting too full. My husband got the piggies in a bowl- ham, scrambled eggs, and pancakes with a maple syrup drizzle. I found that to be incredibly bizarre (eggs and syrup??), but the Mr. was all over it! Service was friendly, prices were fair, and the food was great! Nothing on the lunch menu was tickling my fancy, but I'm sure we'll continue coming for brunch!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,11/30/2013,56,117,5,7,5>First let me color my experience by saying that I am a Marlins fan and have been to dozens of games at their old stadium, in the sun, with nothing but concrete, terrible views designed for football, and no way to escape the heat.  I have also had several games at their new stadium which is amazing, unfortunately unlike the team.  So I cannot understand what everyone is complaining about.  This is a very good stadium especially in the lower levels.  You have Outback steakhouse doing concessions and craft brews and large sit down bars, and a restaurant in the outfield.  AND AIR CONDITIONING!!!!  What more do you want?  I have thoroughly enjoyed myself every time.  And it is not far or hard to get to from Tampa.  It took me 40 minutes from my office in Tampa.  Try getting anywhere in South Florida in rush hour in 40 minutes.  That is getting to the grocery store where I am from.  And OK some balls hit the catwalk but that just helps Tampa Bay because they are there more often.  AND the team is excellent and reaches out to the fans.  You could have Loria destroying your hopes at every turn.  For this reason, you should be proud to have the Trop.  It is an excellent park.  It may even make a Marlin into a Ray.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,11/29/2013,54,274,2,7,4>Get the guacamole.Well this was a very nice surprise. Considering I had just come back from 2 weeks of gorging on Mexican food in Baja, my standards were high. They met or exceeded my expectations on everything except the salsa. And by salsa I mean the salsa they serve with chips before the food. They need to focus on improving that salsa. It's wayyyyy too sweet and has not enough flavor or chunkiness or cilantro. If they can manage to improve that salsa, they could have a 5 star restaurant on their hands.Get the guacamole.Carnitas tacos, chicken enchiladas were very good. They make their own corn tortillas (which were good) but they do not make their own flour tortillas. Shame. I am still searching for fresh-made flour tortillas in Tampa Bay.The guacamole was absolutely OUTSTANDING. Get the guacamole. Get the guacamole. Get the guacamole. Get the guacamole. Get the guacamole.Get the guacamole.Service was awesome. I just wish the salsa didn't suck. If you have a Mexican restaurant, you must, MUST serve an excellent salsa. It's a downer and why I can't give them, as much as I would like to, 5 stars.Did I mention get the guacamole?
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,11/28/2013,167,342,6,8,4>I love parks.... not grassy areas where you barbecue some ribs and listen to music but actual state parks with wildlife and hiking... Flatwoods Park is a hidden gem and one of the best ones I have been to in Tampa so far.There are two entrances: one off Bruce B. Downs and one off Morris Bridge. I would recommend the BB Downs entrance because if you enter off Morris Bridge, there is a main parking area but the road that is supposed to cut through the park is blocked so there aren't a whole lot of options of where to go, especially if you are on foot. There is a fee of $2 and it is on the honor system. I wanted to check out the welcome center/ranger station and ask some questions but it was closed... in the middle of the afternoon on a Thursday. Go figure. The people in the parking lot were nice though and loved my dog. I saw rollerbladers.... say what? People still do that? Okay.After seeing the road block, the pup and I ventured down this old deserted service road until we hit a dead end and the beginning of the "interpretive walking trail." The moment she jumped out of the car she went CRAZY! Something about this park triggered her happiest emotions. We walked through the forest and then through what seemed to be a burned down or cleared out part with no trees, weird (Flatwoods = flat woods? Who knows). We didn't see a single soul. Perhaps that was because we were on the unpaved "deserted" side of the park, or maybe it was the timing. I loved it though because I didn't have to worry about cyclists or hobos (or cycling hobos). Whether the absence of human presence was good or bad I don't really know but I felt safe enough. And anyways, anyone who attacks someone with a pitbull is really stupid anyway so I usually don't worry about it.I recommend Flatwoods Park for anyone who loves nature, hiking/walking, peace and quiet, and exploring new places. Bring your dog! After all, pets make every experience better everytime! Enjoy.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,11/27/2013,159,231,3,5,4>As the reigning Duchess I suppose it's time to write a review...Look, I am old. And a bit of a curmudgeon. But I have to say this place doesn't annoy me quite like the rest of the South Tampa bars. When my youngin' coworkers want to do happy hour on Fridays, this is where we go. Why? Because for $10 you can drink all that you can handle from 8-10 pm. Most of HPC is outdoors, but the bar to the left when you walk in is air conditioned. When the weather is cooler, the outdoor areas are great, but it is near impossible to bear anywhere but the AC bar in the summer time (get here early to claim a spot in there, by 9 pm it is jam packed).
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,11/26/2013,54,123,1,5,1>To be honest, I was slightly worried coming to Datz. I convinced my family to eat here for fathers day, and I knew it would be awhile before we came back, if ever. Im thrilled to report that Datz lived up to all the wonderful reviews and was the perfect culinary experience that I had hoped it to be. I cant say too much regarding the decor, as we were seated outside, but I did use the restroom inside and what I saw of the dining area was cool- a hip, modern feel. The outside patio was nice though, and the misting fans were refreshing. Our waitress was friendly and prompt, and after about ten minutes she brought us our appetizer- the "datchos". Their homemade chips were loaded down with cheese, chili, jalapeno, sour cream, and their blue cheese drizzle. This was a BIG appetizer, but it was devoured quickly. Best nachos ive ever had, period. I had anxiety trying to pick my entree from their huge menu, but I finally settled on the "Havana hottie"(a cuban). The things that really stood out was the pulled pork and honeycup mustard.The pork was MOIST like it should be, and the honey cup mustard was to die for. Overall, one of the best sandwichs I've eaten; twas heavenly. My family's entrees, which I got to taste, were also incredible(the rueben, the burger, and eggs barbacoa). The entrees are huge and I took home quite a bit of leftovers, so come with an empty stomach. They also have an incredible selection of beers and wines, but I did not try any. The desserts looked scrumptious, but we got our after dinner treat next door at their bakery, Dough. Id recommend Datz to anyone and everyone. Just go. Your belly will thank you.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,11/25/2013,33,137,,5,2>This is a new location in Countryside, where TGiFridays used to be.They spruced up the place and added a ton of TVs. It's a great place to watch sports.The beer selection is excellent, with the usual domestics, some common imports, and some harder to find imports too. I've eaten here twice now and the food is very good. The grouper wrap is excellent, and they have fried pickles. Yum.There's bar seating, plenty of tables, and a dog friendly patio. There's even an area on the side with comfortable couches and TVs. My only complaint is that all the smoke from people on the patio blows right into the open restaurant. They should close that off.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,11/24/2013,118,489,4,4,4>Fuck my allergies I'm in love with the smokiest cigar bar in existence! Really liked The Olivia Bar with adorable and comfy armed stools, the chill atmosphere where you can get work done, read, or watch a show on their flat screens nestled in a comfortable plush leather couch with a beer or wine, and their restroom comes complete with floor ashtrays. The well organized humidor makes finding the perfect cigar easy, even for a novice. Cedar sticks adorn little cups on each table so you can light up like a true cigar snob, and the small shop area has a fine assortment of cigar paraphernalia. Why it insists on hot boxing patrons in thick smoke I may never understand, but I did sneeze for three days, and my eyes watered the entire time. Probably just tears that I won't be able to breathe like a normal human being for days after visiting this place because I know I'll be back. Achooo!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/27/2013,11/23/2013,93,127,1,4,1>Why three stars? Food, beer and musicWe went with friends for free Friday, $10 all you can drink from 7-9 oh but yes there was a catch, no craft beers and no ciders. The beer they offer is a good variety but my friend wanted cider and wasn't then happiest with their policy. The staff was very helpful and extremely nice. We also had some grub. I ate the jerk boneless buffalo wings, very tasty, but they only gave me five tiny pieces of chicken. They had some other pub food was ok, nothing to ride home about.The music was way too loud. The band played a couple sets but even in the back we were struggling to have a conversation. Just wasn't pleasant and our ears were all ringing by the end of the night.All in all it was ok
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,11/22/2013,289,123,2,4,8>After living in Tampa Bay for ten years, the fact that I have never been to Dunedin until recently is just blasphemous. Filled with fantastic restaurants and charming shops, Dunedin reminds me a lot of some of my favorite towns in California. I have never been much of a beer drinker and until recently, the only time I would have a beer would be at sporting events or while enjoying Mexican food. My interest in craft beer has peaked and I am learning as much as I can while visiting some of Tampa Bay's local breweries. After hearing so much about Dunedin Brewery, I decided to pop in and visit what happens to be Florida's oldest microbrewery.Dunedin Brewery is a cozy pub with a great menu selection and a fantastic staff. As someone who has worked in restaurants and bars for years, I am always impressed when I am made to feel at home while visiting an establishment. As soon as I walked in the door, I was warmly greeted by three staff members and felt very welcome. After grabbing a seat, I looked over the menu and as much as I wanted to try one of everything, I gravitated towards wings (shocker) and was intrigued by their description. Marinated overnight, deep-fried and served dry with kilt sauce on the side, their Brewery Wings were calling my name.With an option to have the wings tossed in sauce, I was told they were so good on their own that they didn't need sauce, so that is how I ordered them.  As I looked at the golden, crispy wings, the scent of them was simply intoxicating. Words can't describe their amazing flavor. I had no problem eating almost all of them. They were nice and plump and left me feeling full for several hours.Now, I can't leave out the beer at Dunedin Brewery. All of their brews are hand-crafted in small batches, 20 barrels at a time, by brewers Norman Dixon and Trace Caley. I only tasted two during my visit, including their Apricot Peach Ale, but I am planning on going back with a group of friends for an afternoon of wings and brews.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,11/21/2013,122,103,,9,1>For the past two years, Nordstrom Bistro at International Plaza Mall has been one of my favorite go to lunch spots. Wayne, one of my first friends in Tampa introduced me to this spot and anytime we wanted to do lunch at International Plaza Mall, he suggested the Bistro. Fast forward and Nordstrom Bistro has been remodeled and renamed to Bazille. Thankfully for the Bistro fans, Bazille kept a few signature items on their menu while adding some new additions. They also offer an extended craft cocktail menu (YAY). Post remodel and rebranding, I was very happy to learn that the Warm Asian Glazed Chicken Salad was left on the menu. My friend Katie and I frequent Bazille and we both love this salad. It consists of Szechuan glazed chicken breast, julienne vegetables, crisp wontons, cilantro, mandarin oranges, toasted almonds and ginger sesame dressing. It is one of my favorite salads ever.One of my new favorite starters has to be Caprese Bruschetta, toasted rustic bread, seasonal tomatoes, burrata cheese, spicy basil vinaigrette, fleur de sel, balsamic reduction. I adore anything with burrata cheese. This bruschetta made me reflect on the many times I have turned my nose up to tomatoes over the years. I am glad I have decided to sorta like them :)If you like pizza, you MUST try the Rustic Vegetable & Three Cheese Pizza. You cannot go wrong with this combo: roasted artichokes, sautéed organic baby spinach, wild mushrooms, oven-roasted tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, aged provolone and parmesan cheeses, fresh basil. This is an insanely good pizza, plus the veggies make you feel less guilty!On my last visit, I ventured out and tried the Roasted Chicken and Goat Cheese Panini. This amazing sandwich consist of natural roast chicken, goat cheese spread, aged provolone cheese, oven-roasted tomatoes, organic arugula, dijon balsamic vinaigrette and lemon chive aïoli on grilled rustic bread. Do you see the purple sauce in between the sandwich and french fries? That would be kalamata olive aïoli!! AMAZING.Back in the day before the remodel, I always got a nice glass of chardonnay or pinot grigio with lunch. Now there are more options.While not on the menu, Bazille has my lover, Moscow Mule. Copper mug and all. If you know me personally, you are aware of my love affair for this cocktail and it did not disappoint. The ginger beer was the correct amount of spice to go along with the vodka and lime concoction.I also loved what I believe is to be called the Rent Check cocktail. Unfortunately, Bazille does not have their cocktail menu online. Going off of memory, a silver tequilla with muddled watermelon and possibly some spice? All I know is that it was quickly consumed with high praises.Bazille is a great place to go have lunch or dinner while shopping at International Plaza. Luckily for us, Bazille is now taking reservations on Open Table - much better than waiting in line like it used to be. I strongly encourage reservations for those looking to dine here.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2014,11/30/2014,294,175,3,7,4>Many have been eagerly awaiting the opening of this second location, since the buzz was always palpable for the original on the other side of Tampa.While I was very tempted to try something a little more creative, I wanted to just go with a couple of tacos to make my first impression. Especially since it clearly states right on the menu, "2 orders of our Amped Tacos are plenty for a meal. Trust us!"Well, you can definitely trust them. One Pork Al Pastor soft taco combined with one Chicken with sauteed onions/peppers taco literally filled the entire box. I'd never used a fork to eat a taco before, but there's clearly a good reason why one was included with my order. While all of the ingredients worked perfectly together, the guacamole was exceptional and highlighted absolutely every bite.Every single employee was smiling and keeping busy and while the dining area is small, it was spotless for those who want to sit and enjoy their food immediately.I went back a couple weeks later for lunch and really enjoyed my Carne Asada California Burrito, which replaces rice and beans with crispy french fries. Much like the two tacos, it was not only enough for a meal...but I did not need to eat again until the next day.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,11/29/2014,139,300,4,5,4>FINALLY!  Yes, I can say that I have actually been to Rapp Brewing.  I've heard so many great things about the brewery, but have only had their beer on a couple occasions.  Now I got to try the samples of my choosing.  I went for the Rapp Bastard, Gose, Peanut Butter Chocolate Stout, and the Robust Porter.  My favorites of those were the Gose (great for warm weather, recently ranked top 10 session beer by ratebeer.com) and the PBCStout.  The smell was like roasted peanuts and then they had babies with chocolate when I sipped the roasty beer.  I would have gotten a bigger sampler, say a niner, but the wife wasn't having it since she's currently not drinking.  They had 20 of their beers on tap, which is par for the course with Rapp.  When I am able to make the trek, I will be back, AGAIN!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,11/28/2014,105,180,3,7,3>Admittedly pre-disposed to loving the fact that this more than century-old building has been beautifully re-purposed, I was eager to experience the bar and restaurant.The entrance to the hotel lobby is on the side of the building which is also where valet parking is available. But walking up the courthouse steps and directly entering the bar and restaurant level is how I'd recommend anyone arrive.The bar is a lively entry point to the restaurant and is well worth a stop for a creative cocktail before dinner or nightcap following your meal.  Still in its opening phase, the bar currently offers no drink specials or specialty drinks during early evening aka Happy Hour. Both the bar and the restaurant share a common characteristic - noticeable noise levels. That can be fine at times or not so ideal.The restaurant is pleasantly, not pretentiously, sophisticated and seems to be off to a great start judging on the crowd during an early Wednesday evening. Spotted among the guests that night was a former mayor of Tampa.Servers in both the bar and restaurant were eager and attentive and seemed to be really enjoying interacting with guests.The menu is limited but the steak fritas and baked chicken ordered at my table were both delicious. There were some tasty sounding side dishes and salads I look forward to trying but the entree and its accompanying vegies was more than enough of a meal for me.While there were no flaws I think there is much more potential to be realized here and I would definitely want to return a few months down the road and see how well the kitchen is progressing.Looking forward to going again and getting to "order in the court" another time.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,11/27/2014,54,138,4,7,6>We wandered upon this hidden gem on Yelp today and we are sure glad we did!  We love supporting local restaurant start ups that serve delicious food.  Koki's has our full support!!First of all: this place is easy to miss - it's in the strip center that's on the South-East corner of Land O Lakes Blvd and Hale Road (catty corner to Ukelele Brands).Secondly: don't let the condition of the strip center deter you; this is a hole-in-the-wall with a LOT of potential.  Opened just six months ago, Koki's is working to build a regular clientele and, if you'll give them a try, you'll certainly become a regular.The menu is small, but seems to be mostly authentic Peruvian.  There are a few non-Latin dishes on there that are probably good, but when I go to a Latin restaurant I want Latin food.  So that's what we did:My wife ordered the Lomo Saltado - a traditional Peruvian dish with Asian influences that we've enjoyed elsewhere.  Koki's was delicious.I, on the other hand, ordered the Bistec Pobre.  A thin steak with rice and a fried egg.  This is a favorite of mine because I love the egg with the rice and meat.  The egg was done perfectly sunny side up.I also asked for a side of their hot sauce (I've known it as aji, but I'm not sure what they call it).  It was quite hot and had a great flavor - so good in fact, I asked for more.We can't wait to go back and have the ceviche!!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,11/26/2014,91,330,7,10,6>Unlimited delicious Sushi for the win! And for a good price!QUALITY MUCH BETTER THAN EXPECTEDI like my sushi relatively pure so I was excited that amidst the choices of mutated, fried Sushi Rolls covered in oceans of Sauce, there were also a good number of Sashimi. You're only allowed up to eight pieces of each... but PFFFFTT that was enough. We tried each type and the cuts were never skimpy. The Salmon was my favorite--a thick cut, great color, and delicate but good flavor on top of a chunk of Rice. The Beautiful Girl Roll was somewhat beautiful but definitely not my style with its squirts of Spicy Mayo and Fried. Other Rolls like the Top of The World were a little simpler but with strong flavor. The Rolls were made well and normally held a good balance of flavors albeit a bit sauce crazy.PRESENTATION OVERALLSince there's a cost for each uneaten piece, we ordered slowly and not all at once. This allowed us to receive several very well decorated plates. Saki uses big plates and in the space our food didn't cover, they used sauces to draw dragons, trees, etc in the empty area. Awesome little touch!The service provided by our waitress was also very friendly and she arrived at the perfect times--always to take our next order as soon as only a few pieces were left on the plate. The appearance of the restaurant is also very nice. Mildly modern with soft blue lights near the bar and wood accents. This is a great place to bring friends and groups without this place being too kitschy or selling out.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,11/25/2014,43,69,6,6,7>Rocket Fizz is pretty much heaven if you are craving sugar, depressed, PMSing, looking for nostalgia, or searching for a super sweet birthday present. We always stop here when we are in the area. It's a good thing we don't have one closer to home because I would give myself diabetes.My boyfriend and I never fail to leave with a smile and more candy than we intended. I get to eat my favorites candies that I can't find ANYWHERE, and he gets to try the worlds weirdest sodas. Bacon soda. Cookies and cream soda. I can't handle that sort of thing so I gladly grab a few butterbeers. YES, they taste just like butterbeer at Universal...minus the foam unfortunately but I'm sure you can make some at home.I love how they play older music. The old concert posters on the walls add to the feel. The Doors. Grateful Dead, Frankie Valli, Billy Joel...the good stuff. Friendly people. SO MUCH COOL CANDY. Lots of fun sodas. Who couldn't leave happy?
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2014,11/24/2014,107,261,6,7,7>Restaurant was very busy at lunch!I ordered a Cuban - large sandwich, primarily ham with a slice of pork and salami - decent but not 'The Best' I've ever had. The BF ordered the roasted pork lunch and it was amazing - wonderful flavor, pork was moist and lean, topped with thinly sliced sweet onion. Saffron rice was delicious and plantains nummy too. For dessert we ordered fried ice cream - large scoop of vanilla in a fried tortilla shell, drizzled in chocolate sauce and honey with raisins and something crunchy (seemed liked cereal... raisin bran?) = delicious!Friendly staff and clean pleasant atmosphere.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,11/23/2014,35,104,6,7,8>Love this office. Let me start with the peaceful spa feel when you come in. I was waiting for the office manager  to offer me a glass of wine next. Bummer,  it didn't happen instead they have Kurig with various types of coffee. Well if I can't have  wine, I'll settle for the next best thing, flavored coffee. The staff is great, they will work with you to schedule an appointment that will meet your needs, and they are very friendly and professional. The dentists are personable and amiable, so if your one of those people who get nervous at the dentist office, have no fears they will definitely put you at ease. This was my first visit and I felt like I had been coming here for years. I look forward to coming back....wow I really said that about a dentist office.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,11/22/2014,60,111,4,8,5>This place is a little piece of English heaven right here in St. Petersburg. The staff is super friendly, the beer is cold and varied, and the food is made with the freshest ingredients. I can highly recommend the Brie to Share appetizer. It is perfectly gooey, encased in pastry, and drizzled with balsamic. So good. I also tried the Brighton Butty (a monstrous fish sandwich) and the Farm House Garden Sandwich (tomato, basil, goat cheese, olives, lettuce, and a balsamic reduction) was one of the best vegetarian sandwiched I have ever eaten. They offer trivia on Tuesdays and happy hour is from Noon-6:30 daily. This little gem doesn't look like much on the outside, but inside it is a London/sandwich/beer/trivia lover's dream.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,11/21/2014,108,88,7,10,9>Don't let the outside appearance/location fool you. This is really a HOLE in the wall venue, but the sandwiches are SO GOOD. I love the honey cuban. I'm not even a big fan of cuban sandwiches, but this cuban is delicious. The honey bread pairs so well with the rest of the sandwich. I've been to this Shop 2-3 times now, so I've also been able to try the Palomilla and La Tripleta sandwiches. Both great as well! I love the crunchy potato sticks in both of these. Coffee here is authentic: grab some espresso. On top of the great flavors here, the prices are so low. You can order a cuban in small, medium, or large sizes. I think the small is $4, medium $5, large $6. Can't beat these prices, and the portion sizes are huge.I can assume that parking here may be difficult at lunchtime, but I've always been able to grab a spot on the side or in back of the restaurant. It may be tempting to park in front of one of the neighboring homes, but don't do it! I've seen a gentleman come out and yell at someone. ;)Obama has eaten at the West Tampa Sandwich Shop. So should you!
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,2/12/2012,379,222,5,6,7>Oh my word, I love this place. I go on average once a week. It's just down the way from work and the lunch buffet is not only fairly priced but DELICIOUS. Services can be a little slow, but if you give them a heads up that you're on a schedule they are pretty accommodating.Negatives? As my complaint is with most American restaurants there's not enough spice. No heat. And being buffet style you can't help that, but either way, I love the food.Also- ENDLESS NAAN?!?! That's winning on all levels! It's what Charlie Sheen would ask for if he ate here! DUH! BOOM! WINNING!Anyway, I would, and do, recommend this place to anyone looking for Indian in the Brandon area.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,2/11/2012,20,47,6,4,3>mMmmm... I love me some good burgers. I'm definitely a huge fan of meat. Yeah... I said it. I love meat. Pretty inappropriate but true. The idea of burger boutiques make my heart flutter and the fact that they are opening in all major cities is a great idea. Ok so back to square one. Me and a friend went later in the evening because  we were super hungry and he read some good reviews about it. All he had to say was burger and my eyes lit up. No deciding necessary. It was done. Walking in the door, the welcome was very nice and wholesome. The service was above and beyond. I actually even asked my friend if it would be creepy of me to ask the waitress to be my friend. (Mind you, I'm new to the area and I'm desperate to meet people). So there.We stared with fried pickles. Probably the best I've ever had. The batter was light and I didn't feel like they were weighing my stomach down prior to the main course. I got the Rise and Shine Burger (Kobe). Wow... was it soo soo soo good! My 3 favorite condiments on a burger are bacon, a fried egg, and avocado/guac. Together I probably could be the happiest woman alive. Though there wasn't avocado on the burger, bacon and egg is A-ok with me. I like my burgers cooked medium and it was perfect. It also came with carmelized onions and gruyere. Seriously. This burger should be called the Dana Burger. If I could concoct a perfect burger it would included everything that this burger has. The only thing that could make this better is if it had a slight amount of horseradish on it. Woo! I just got excited.Dessert was the cupcake sampler. Not the best cupcakes I've ever had. But I won't lie, I laid in bed with a fork and a glass of milk later that night and had a delightful time with my cupcakes (get your mind out of the gutter). Overall great experience with great food.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/3/2011,2/10/2012,29,135,2,3,3>I was so excited to hear that some new blood was being pumped into Hyde Park Village! I've been here a few times since it opened in early March, and have enjoyed it for the most part. The french press coffee was fantastic, as was my cappuccino on a later visit. Other awesome items were the strawberry croissant and the chocolate creme brulee. Next time I go, I'm going to try a sandwich, they looked amazing too.The only thing I can really gripe about is the prices. Two cappuccinos and two danishes came to a little under $20. It's expected for the area, and didn't shell-shock me too much, but wasn't what I had planned on spending (would have probably been $12 at neighboring Indigo Coffee). Also, they just recently changed the name to Sophie's. I have no idea why, but to change the name after two months might signal some internal trouble. I hope you guys last here, its a great addition to the neighborhood...
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,2/9/2012,91,59,2,1,1>I went to the refinery for the first time this week and I have to say it was a very good experience.  The ambiance is great, I love the rustic, small boutique atmosphere they provide.  Going in I heard a lot of great things about the food, but was worried about the quality of service.  I can tell you this the service was fantastic, and the food was great as well.  We started with sweet potato, parsnip soup with cornbread, WOW it was perfect.  The consistency was outstanding and the flavor was just right.  We then moved to the strawberry panzanella salad which as fresh and bursting with flavor, the pork cheek agnolotti which was sweet and savory and the liver and onions which was the refinery's name for my favorite, foie gras torchon, let's just say it was so good one order wasn't enough, yes I ordered seconds but for $10 how could I not get seconds.For entrees I got the grilled pork chop, which I devoured although it was a bit on the salty side it was great.  My companions had the mushroom ragout, which was ok but  I only had a bite, the burger which was just a real good burger but the cranberry bacon jam and gouda made it burst with flavor, and an the 5 spice hanger steak that came with a vanilla sweet potato mash that was WAY too sweet for me (would have made for a great dessert.  We finished with a deep fried chocolate cake, that I thought was in desperate need of some nice home made ice cream.All in all it was a great experience and I will be back, I've dined at some amazing places and for the price this is up there in the top ten, 5 stars when I get an amazing entree.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,2/7/2012,2378,688,3,7,7>I went to Ruby's Elixir on my Mom's birthday. She likes listening to a local jazz singer named Cleo Heart and she happened to be playing here the night we came here. I never knew Downtown St. Petersburg was buzzing with so much life. Ruby's Elixir fits in perfectly with the neighborhood surrounding of late-night restaurants, bars, and clubs.The place isn't large and they only have select liquors and beers with one bar and a few tables and chairs, but there is outdoor seating as well and with a singer like Cleo Heart, you can be outside and still enjoy her voice. The place is lively and people dance on the dance floor and everyone was having a good time here. The people walking by would peek inside to see what everyone was laughing and buzzing about. The waitresses were friendly, albeit a little loopy. Overall a pretty solid place, we walked over from Ceviche and it wasn't a long walk at all. This place has lots of live musicians come through so I'd say if you like live music you should give it a whirl and see what you think.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,2/6/2012,60,250,6,4,4>Tonight I found the Nitally's I was hoping to find on my first visit.  I joined two warriors for dinner tonight on their quest to break Nitally's bank, and take the Inferno Soup Challenge.Let me offer some simple advice regarding the Challenge.  DON'T!  I watched five brave souls get humbled tonight trying to take that adventure.  It wasn't at all pretty!Tonight I ordered the Panang Curry- Thai hot.  Now that's the ticket!  You are certainly aware of the heat, but it is a comfortable kind of heat.  I also hail from the, "I eat habaneros for breakfast clan", but I don't see much reason to go too far beyond Thai hot.The big chink in the armor is still the service.  I just can't get that fifth star out.  It was not uncommon to go 20-30 minutes without seeing the lanky young lad who was supposed to be our waiter.  The place just isn't big enough for that to make sense.Maybe the third time will be the charm......
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,2/4/2012,88,345,3,4,3>I am trying to find the words to describe this place, and the only one that comes to mind is AMAZING! I am so glad to see an "upscale" choclatier finally make it to the Brandon area. I was really impressed as soon as I walked in. The first thing that I noticed was the Gelato case. Oh boy, does that make me a happy girl. Move over frozen yogurt and ice cream....Gelato is here! I am from Europe, and this is all we ever ate over there. The Italians knew what they were doing when they came up with this concoction. Gelato,  just like ice cream, is made with milk, cream, various sugars,  and flavoring. including fresh fruit and nut purees. But...it is a higher quality dessert with a richer, creamier taste that you will love! So don't be afraid to try new flavors! Your taste buds will be pleasantly surprised!Next to the Gelato case, is a popcorn machine where they freshly pop the corn and make little "movie theater" goodies...as if popcorn wasn't good enough, they kick it up a notch and have some dipped in chocolate! Now THAT'S a popcorn I'd rather be eating while I watch a movie. If you are in the mood for some coffee, you can get that here too. I had the Sumatra, which was very similar to the one they serve at Starbucks, but added a twist and had chocolate added. Mmmmm....!!!As I sipped on my coffee and picked out my ginormous candy apple and chocolate bark, my eyes couldnt look fast enough at everything they had on display.There is so much to look at in this shop that I was afraid I might just miss something. One of the owners of the shop, Anthony, came out and introduced himself to me and showed me around. What a great couple these owners are. I could go on and on about this place and all of its details, but the one thing I DO know for sure, is that the candy apple that my kids and I ate, was juicy and oh so good....and the almond and coconut bark....Mmmmm....yes, I WILL be coming back for some more! Check out their website...www.originalleenaschocolates.com, because I didnt even mention the best parts or I would run out of room!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,2/3/2012,236,111,4,6,4>There's no place like home.  And "home" for me, is NYC.  When it comes to pizza there IS no place like home.  But, if home is 1200 miles away, let me tell you about the next best place to being there.Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza?  I'm a Slaaaaaaave for you.  (Said with complete Britney Spear gyration, minus big yellow python...because they scare me.)Hubs and I happened to stumble in on this amazing little place while getting ready to go into "Side Splitters Comedy Club", in the same shopping center.  There were a few places but smack in the middle, like a glowing beacon was Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza.  We walked in and immediately fell in love.  The decor was all "Old Hollywood", black and white photos of icons throughout the generations.  Cary Grant, Marlon Brando, Sophia Loren, the iconic photo of Audrey Hepburn from  "Breakfast at Tiffany's".  Beatles paraphernalia, which immediately grabbed me as an enormous Beatles fan.  You get the point.  Above all the old photos were multiple well placed flat screen televisions all tuned in to various sporting events.  The place was crowded and noisy, but a "good" kind of noisy.  Nice vibe.  People watching the college games, families enjoying their time out with their kids, couples holding hands and indulging in various wines and appetizers.  A really nice vibe in the place.  And the reason for that vibe?  The General Manager, Dominic.  Fantastic disposition, stayed out on the floor the whole time, making sure everyone was satisfied and happy.  He personally visits every table, talks to his staff like they are part of the family not just members of the crew and genuinely cares that you have a fantastic experience.  He told us the story of how they started out as a little chain that just kind of grew, but they always wanted to keep that homey, family vibe.  They succeeded...big time.The food.  Hubs and I ordered an appetizer of 10 chicken wings (their small order, $9.50).  Erase any preconceptions of what you think chicken wings should be.  The chicken wings here are baked, mostly "drummies", and there is not drippy, wet, sloppy sauce all over them.  They are baked in a plethora of spices like rosemary and basil and then, steamed for a bit with some caramelized onions.  My hubby LOVED them.  Devoured them like they were the last meal he was ever going to eat.    I'm not a meat eater and I am not a fan of chicken wings, but I did taste these and they WERE, in fact, pretty damn delicious.  They were also served with some foccacia bread for sopping up those onion juices and the bread was hot, spiced to perfection, crispy and yummy.Then, we ordered a large specialty pie ($19.75).  The pie we ordered is known in NYC as a "Margarita pizza" or a "Grandma's" pie.  All it is is fresh mozzarella, sliced tomato and basil.  Simply as simple can be.  No sauce involved.  The problem with such a basic pie is that if your crust is not made to perfection with just the right amount of butter and spice in the crust, if your tomatoes are not thick and beefy and flavorful and mainly, if your mozzarella is not still dripping wet with its milk fat and fresh,  you are going to fail this pizza miserably.  There IS no sauce to hide behind.  It's plain, straight up fresh ingredients that have to be cooked just right.  The cheese cannot be too melted.  The tomatoes cannot be hot.  The basil needs to be fresh, but not overpowering.  And Anthony's KILLED it.  (According to the "kids" , this is a good thing.)  The crust SNAPPED in my mouth.  The cheese was sheer perfection, still moist from the milk fat it soaks in.  The tomatoes were the best beefsteak that Florida had to offer.  The basil tasted garden fresh, cut in strips, not dried flakes and were pleasant, not pungent.  My husband downed five slices like it was nothing;  I ate the remaining three, which is amazing, because I generally can't get past two slices, ever.  But the pizza was light, airy and fantastic.  They offer you some olive oil mix to put on your pizza, but we declined. It was sheer perfection as is.  We had a long conversation with Domenic about the business, took a quick tour of the place and their amazing 800 degree coal fire oven.  Their menu is very basic, very simple but very old school Italian with fare that includes Broccoli Rabe, Pork Ribs with Vinegar Peppers (a large plate is 12 ribs, big enough to share $16.95) and of course, classic antipasto/salads with fresh mozzarella, gorgonzola, tomato and arugula.  When you can't get to NYC for pizza perfection,  I suggest letting Anthony's bring NYC to you.  With locations all over Florida, NY and Jersey...rest assured, we WILL back. It was just THAT good.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,2/2/2012,203,229,10,17,9>I've been meaning to go check this place out a long time and I am thrilled to find so many treasures in this well-stocked Indian grocery store. It has plenty of fresh produce, spices, snacks, frozen foods, and kitchenware. The prices are very reasonable and you can buy spices in bulk (so much cheaper than in any grocery store).Like the previous reviewer said, the aisles are very small so if you go during the late afternoon on a weekend (like I did) be prepared to be stuck in grocery car traffic. It's right across the street from the Asian Grocery Store MD Oriental so I am looking forward to going to both places on my monthly re-stock of my kitchen!Check out the pictures I uploaded too (Everyone was staring at me but I didn't care)
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,2/1/2012,3,29,,6,6>I like to come here and sit on the upper deck and watch the world go by. No food is allowed upstairs, which makes it relatively bug & bird free. No kids allowed upstairs either and that's always a plus for me. I think the service is better up there too. Drinks are plentiful and priced reasonably. I think we had 4 coronas, 3 margaritas, a rum runner & a strawberry daiquiri for $50, including the tip. I've never had the food, but it smells good! Maybe I'll make it early enough to try the breakfast someday. They provide lounge chairs & umbrellas on the beach, but I don't recall seeing wait staff out there, so I'm assuming you have to get up and get it yourself. There's usually decent music playing (recorded and live). There's a shower available, which is nice. Sometimes I've had to pay $5 for parking, and sometimes I haven't. If you don't mind a short walk, the overflow parking is down the street by 7-11. There are a few cabanas that come with couches, several PADDED loungers, a huge ice chest with water and your very own little roped off part of the beach and get this, there is NO FEE for all of that! Your party just has to spend a minimum of $200 bucks on food & drink! Psh... Me, the man and another couple we hang out with could take care of that easily. You can purchase a bottle of liquor from them and they'll even throw in your mixers for free!!! This is a great deal for a group and the cabana is plenty big enough to accommodate about 8-10 people. If your party doesn't reach the $200 minimum, they will charge you the difference. I was told to call Chad to reserve one. I am definitely trying this out in the near future. I love how relaxed it is here. It's a great place to get some sun, have some drinks and people watch.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,11/11/2013,73,111,,4,3>I am drooling just thinking about this place.Looking for the best BBQ in St. Pete? This is it.I've only been here once so far, but can't wait to go back. I had the brisket with a side of the mac and cheese. The brisket was absolute perfection and had a great smokey flavor to it. The sauces were excellent as well. The mac and cheese was heavenly.They have a great selection of craft beers. I don't drink beer, but had a nice cider and also noticed they had root beer.This is a small place, but has a lot of character.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,11/10/2013,39,73,,3,2>What fun! We visited the water park today, but could see that the workout facilities and indoor play area were very nice. First of all, if you are not a Largo resident with a yearly membership card, the cost is $8 per adult or child for a 2 hour swim session. Check for session times beforehand, but we were there for the 1:30 - 3:30 block. With the $24 membership, it's $5 per person. This facility is new and clean. They have very nice private changing rooms with showers. There's a little snack bar, plenty of shaded seating, a wonderful kiddie area, little slides, and two fantastic big slides. Our whole family had a great time...although we would have loved to stay longer than the allotted two hours. Largo has wonderful Parks and Rec facilities, and this aquatic center doesn't disappoint.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/9/2013,143,169,4,4,4>I get most excited for:1. Christmas2. My birthday3. Tampa food eventsThis is why August 16-30, 2013 is making me a very happy foodie. This is Dine Tampa Bay's 4th Annual Restaurant Week. Combine Dine Tampa Bay with my most-visited and favorite restaurant of 2013, Besa Grill, and I'm doing cartwheels and dancing a jig. Last night I visited Besa Grill for a special taste test and preview of the Restaurant Week menu.It may be the beginning of this post, but if I may make a statement before I dive into the food I consumed: It must be said that when you visit Besa Grill, you can't walk away without trying a cocktail of theirs. Their concoctions are something they are proud of, and rightfully so! I've never had a cocktail that was anything less than stellar at Besa Grill so what does one do when you love the libations so much? Try many, obviously.Hibiscus Martini, Cucumber Ginger Martini, Acai Blueberry Martini, Dragon Berry Mojito. The Hibiscus Martini ranks up there as one of my favorite drinks that I've ever consumed. Ever. Composed of Stoli Vanilla with homemade hibiscus nectar, fresh lemon squeeze and splash of champagne, this cocktail has an impressive flavor, is gorgeous, and very easy to drink. We also tried a glass of Manifesto Sauvignon Blanc which has a super floral note of peaches, pink grapefruit, papaya, Meyer lemon, and a hint of cut herbs with a bold taste of pink grapefruit, orange creamsicle and papaya. It was like fruit juice, but with the sharp wine taste. Definitely something I can drink a whole bottle of. Just saying'.Now onward to the food. OF COURSE Besa would have a prix fixe menu that'll make you wish you had five stomachs. It was a long process deciding just which items to start with. Ultimately, we went with Calamari Fiesta and Avocado Caprese for appetizers.Tender squid with fresno peppers and jalapenos, served with a zesty tomato reduction, made up this Calamari Fiesta dish. I'm pretty particular about the fried breading on calamari. I like to actually taste the calamari and have a good balance of breading and squid. And, I'm pleased to say that Besa Grill knows how its done.This Avocado Caprese was made with the normal caprese elements (tomato, mozzarella, basil, balsamic), but with avocado (because avocado is awesome). Besa's caprese is a little different though in that their basil-infused oil highlights even more of the herb. I scraped the plate clean. Do you see those shreds of cheese? Yep,those were gone too.For entrees, we decided on the Parisian Chicken, an item I've been eyeing on the Besa menu for quite a while, and the Skirt Steak.The Parisian Chicken was a favorite of the night. Grilled chicken topped with truffle scented arugula, brie, oven-dried tomatoes red onion, served with garlic whipped potatoes and fresh farm vegetables. Squirt the dish with some fresh lemon for a highlighted flavor that just impresses all over again with each bite.If you've read any of my posts where I talk about chimichurri, you know that this vinegar, garlic, herb mix is an obsession of mine. I get abnormally excited when I see it on a menu and have a salivating hunger to try it. Like everything else, I loved Besa Grill's chimichurri, especially when paired with this perfectly grilled, lime-cilantro marinated Skirt Steak. Tender, juicy, amazing.So full from these dishes, we almost skipped dessert. Almost. Oh, who am I kidding? There was no way we were going to walk out of Besa Grill without some treats!These fried yum yums, tossed in cinnamon and sugar, and served with both a cajeta caramel and an abuelita chocolate dipping sauce, made me close my eyes as I experienced a childhood favorite of mine. Churros, in their purest form, are simply amazing.Besa Grill has a dessert called the Impossible Cake. This dessert happens to be my favorite dessert ever (no exaggeration) and happens to be available on the prix fixe menu for Restaurant Week. The Impossible Cake is part flan and part chocolate cake. The cake, being underneath the flan portion, becomes saturated with flan drippings and makes for the moistest cake known to man. As a side note, I DON'T EVEN LIKE CHOCOLATE, but Besa has converted me, at least for this dessert.Well, to be fair to my readers, I decided to order something different: the Fried Banana Cheesecake. It's not that I necessarily minded, but it's just one more dessert that I've tried and can say, "Yep, I've tried it and the Impossible Cake is still the big winner". With that being said, the Fried Banana Cheesecake was crispy and creamy, with dulce de leche ice cream, drizzled with cajeta caramel, and it was delicious.Thank you to Besa Grill for hosting me and my husband  for dinner. Thank you to Dine Tampa Bay for having such a thing as Restaurant Week. Thank you to my stomach for expanding enough so I can fit all this food into my mouth hole.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,11/8/2013,60,119,,5,4>One of our favorite stops for fresh fish. Service can be a little iffy to down right terrible, but the food is good, the atmosphere is very Dunedin. Sit back, relax, and enjoy a beer on the water.We rarely stray from fish sandwiches or tacos and change up our fish selection based on what is fresh that day. Clearly I need to give the fish spread a try because theirs sounds awesome. We tend to go on weeknights, but I'm sure weekends can get quite busy because the place is tiny.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,11/7/2013,5,82,2,2,3>This is a nice wine bar/restaurant right in Hyde Park Village. The atmosphere is not stuffy - you can come in a dress or in jeans and be totally comfortable. We came here on a Saturday evening around 7pm with another couple. We were quickly seated on the outside patio which is screened in and has ceiling fans, so it wasn't too hot. The service was efficient and friendly. Two members of my party tried the wine flights (one red, one white) and both said they enjoyed all of the wines. I ordered the pecan crusted mahi which overall was good, but had strange spicy green sauce, that I didn't really like. Everyone else enjoyed their food.  Definitely somewhere I'd recommend if you want good wine with a nice meal.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/6/2013,112,118,3,4,2>Long before Little Greeks started popping up all over the Tampa area, there was Louis Pappas. This location, in South Tampa, has been around a good 10 years, and maybe I was guilty of overlooking it a bit in recent years. Well, what a mistake. Either they have stepped up their game in response to the Little Greek invasion, or else they were always this good, and I just didn't realize it.This is a gem for healthy Greek food. Currently, they feature a $5 daily special, which is more than enough to fill you up. After a coffee at the nearby Starbucks, I was a little hungry. So I stopped in and ordered a $5 "Greek-adilla." What comes out is delciously warm pita, stuffed with fresh chicken and cheese, all with a large helping of tzaziki sauce, and some tomato and lettuce. Let me tell you, it was delicious. I know their other stuff is good, too, because I saw plenty of it being wolfed down around me. There is pleasant outdoor seating, with sofas and cushions where you can watch the world go by, as well. This is a winner all the way.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,11/5/2013,16,73,2,5,2>I am a huge fan of Teppanyaki style restaurants. I love combining a little show with great food cooked in front of you. I had never been to Tsunami, but some friends suggested it, so we decided to give it a try.I was pleasantly surprised. The restaurant is clean, well kept, and the wait staff appeared to be well trained. Parking was a bit of an issue, as there are only maybe 15-20 spots directly in front of the restaurant, but there is a large parking lot for Home Depot near by, so it was not incredibly inconvenient.As far as the food goes, you have your standards with chicken, steak, and different seafoods. I went for a combination of chicken and scallops.  You start with soup and a salad, and both were excellent. With your actual meal you get fried rice, noodles, shrimp, and vegetables. You get large quantities of both, and I have to say, getting the shrimp was nice, as most restaurants of this style do no serve shrimp with their meals. The chicken was cooked perfectly and seasoned just right. My biggest surprise was the scallops, which they actually cooked on the table with mushrooms. It added a little kick to the meal, and it was great that they did not just serve you plain scallops.The chef was great and even had a few tricks that I had not seen any of the chefs I have had at different restaurants do. He still had the standard volcano and shrimp in hat catch, which the kids always love, but he threw in a few extra treats too.Over all, I really loved the restaurant and will be coming back for sure.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,11/4/2013,124,268,,3,1>Sometimes I wonder when I see reviews of places and I read the negative reviews I often wonder if we went to the same restaurant, maybe they just were confused and went to a completely different place. I honestly found my whole experience at Edison to be overall extremely satisfying. It was more or less my birthday dinner, so I tried to call in for a reservation, but understood the likelyhood of me actually be able to procure one was slim being that it was Saturday. They had reservations but either immediately or 2 hours later, both of which were outside my range, but I was told I could receive full service at the bar which was fine with my party. When we arrived I asked that if a reservation cancellation occurs, if I could be notified of an opening at a table. The host actually ended up seating us at a table almost immediately which was a pleasant surprise. The interior was nice, amply spaced tables, dimly lit, very minimal and not overdressed or overdone. Simple and clean, which I feel really matches the entire dinner experience at Edison: simple, elegant and clean. The meu is changed daily from what our server told us, and is stamped with the date of use. There are three menus if I recall correctly: food, beverage and dessert. Each menu was quite direct, and effective in conveying the food and drink experience. Service was spot on, the server Jillian took her time to explain the concept of the menu and the restaurant; she was always there at the beginning of each new plate. My beverages were never not empty, and I felt like my dining needs were constantly attended to by the staff. To start I had the Escargot + cippolini onion crostini as well as the cheese board. I particularly enjoyed the escargot serving on crostini, it was well balanced and was not overly drenched in oil or butter and was finely meshed with the other ingredients to blend for a perfect taste. The cheese board delectable and refreshing, I was a particular fan of the apricot gelee and brilliant savarin. My only complaint was the candied nuts lacked a certain crisp/crunchiness, that I feel I am generally accustomed to, they had flavor, but I felt they lacked freshness. For my second plate, I had the Yellowfin tuna tartare, which was an excellent blend sea bean radish, black sesame puree and green tea broth. It was crisp, airy, refreshing, and had I not ordered other dishes I probably would have placed a second order for this dish. I feel that many places carry a tuna tartare as a staple of their menu, but the quality of the fish and the creativity of the chef are what made this dish stand out from the sea of other tuna dishes you'll find elsewhere. My third dish I am really hesitant when ordering. Few places will actually prepare this dish correctly, and in my honest opinion most fail, and that is the Foie Gras (most recently on my trip to France I had some of the worst). In the end I was delighted I ordered the dish. It was such a great conterpostural series of flavors, a very delicate balance of the savory Foie Gras and Zeppole, countered by the sweet candied walnuts and vanilla fig jam. The combination was so delicately weaved together it synthesized perfectly.Last but not least, because it was my birthday, I overindulged in an order of the cracked conch bacon fritters. I will say that the bacon stood out the most, heavily overpowering the conch, but they were still excellent regardless. The breading quality, and the preparation were all spot on, my only suggestion is don't go so light on the conch. The only issue I had here was having the intestinal space to finish my meal, because the other member of my party was vegetarian. I finished off the evening with the peanut butter chicory shake, which was a perfect pairing of peanut butter and chicory coffee, with hefty chunks of peanut butter cookie crumbled amongst the creamy goodness, pretty much to die for, if you love peanut butter or coffee....I did try one drink from the drink menu, the only disappointment here was that the ingredients that were necessary for my initial selection were not in stock, which was quasi disappointing, but I still had a great hand crafted cocktail, that was clean, refreshing, and matched the description exactly.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,11/3/2013,98,105,2,3,3>I've been dying to try the Bamboozle Cafe forever but they're only open for lunch during the weekdays. Now that I work downtown, it was my first lunch spot to try and see if the spring rolls were as good as my mom's. The verdict? It's as close as I've tasted in the Tampa Bay area. I love the concept and it's perfect for the fast lunch go-ers in Downtown Tampa. Similar to ordering a sub at Subway, you pick your meal and toppings. You can a bowl of pho, rice bowls or spring rolls - all healthy, tasty and customized with your meat and veggies of your choice. And for all Yelpers, make sure to check-in to get a tasty dessert :) It's icing on the cake.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,11/1/2013,189,109,,9,4>Looking for gardenias?  This is the place!  Looking for butterfly plants?  How about trees? Yep, those too!I first heard about this nursery from an article in the newspaper stating this business supplies most of the gardenias in Florida.  I also had an occasion to ask them a question one time about an Earth Box and was met with science based answers.  Filed that in the back of my mind that these guys know what they are doing.I have been looking for a bunch of trees and have visited many places in the St. Pete area getting quotes and talking about what I could do with my front yard.  The more people I spoke to, the more I realized that plant and tree experts were as rare as an exotic plant. I drove by Carroll's on my way to work one morning and rang them up on the phone.  Immediately Richard answered and demonstrated his expert knowledge on plants and trees.  I stopped in after work, and by the time I left, I had 7 new trees and a gardenia.  I asked him if they could plant the trees for me as well, and he was agreeable to just about everything I needed and didn't rip apart my budget doing so. I think I have ten green thumbs and thought I knew a thing or two about plants, until I started talking to Richard.  I don't know, maybe I picked up at least ten tips from him in the short time we spoke.  If you are looking to stay local, meaning independent, family-owned business, this is the place to go.  I am now scouting out additional areas in my yard to add more gardenias since they carry a so many different hybrids.  They are also working with me to develop a landscape plan that suits my budget and environmental requirements.  What a pleasure to work with these guys.  They made a customer for life.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,10/2/2014,63,147,4,6,4>Cru Cellars has a hidden identity, from the outside it fools you into thinking, they are just a simple retail wine store.  When you venture inside and turn a corner you are greeted with a well lit bar and a cozy back patio.  The patio even has privacy curtained area for a small group.This wine bar does NOT disappoint with its extensive selection of wine. The menu has several flights of reds and whites for your taste pleasure.  Pair your flights with a combination cheese and meats plate ( served on wood plank ) and you have yourself a perfect gastro experience.  Its even BETTER if you are with beautiful company, nothing can make it better.   The staff are very helpful and attentive to your needs and provide excellent suggestions on selection if requested.   All in all a great place for spending a late afternoon or early evening conversing away in a cozy environment.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,10/1/2014,236,252,4,5,4>If this review was based off of service and friendliness alone, it would definitely be 5 stars. I will get into that more in a moment. We have visited TacoSon a few times and the food has been "okay" to amazing. I think it depends on what you order. My meals have been better than my Husband's due to my choices. The fish tacos are INCREDIBLE. First of all, let me say that I hate coleslaw. Absolutely hate it. The Fish Tacos at TacoSon are only the second time in my life when I have not only loved the slaw, but felt that it made the dish that much better. Their slaw is so clean, light, crisp and flavorful. It melds perfectly with the tortilla and the fish. The fish is a very generous portion and deliciously seasoned and cooked. I also really love the Cochinita Pibil Chimichanga with the Queso sauce on top. If you aren't familiar with Cochinita Pibil, it is a delicious Mayan pork recipe that is always flavorful and moist. It is my go-to for Mexican restaurants. This Chimichanga is perfectly crisp with the right amount of filling and lots of flavor. It comes with rice and beans on the side. I don't like beans, so I just get rice. The rice at TacoSon has been dry every time I have had it, but it is really flavorful. We tend to arrive towards closing, so that may be why it is dried out. My Husband ordered a Carne Asada burrito with Queso on our last visit. He felt that the burrito had way too much rice and not enough meat...especially when compared to my Chimichanga. The only real difference between the burrito and the chimi is that the burrito has the rice on the inside and is not fried. The Chimichanga has the rice on the outside and is fried. I would recommend the Chimichanga. Back to the service. It has always been fast and friendly when we have been here. However, they went above and beyond on our last visit. We were unaware of this at the time, but we arrived 5 minutes before closing on a Friday night. They took our order and served us as though it was the middle of the day. We told them it was for "here" and they didn't say anything. Half way through our meal I noticed they were cleaning and it occurred to me what time it was. I filled up my drink and asked one of the employees if they were closed. She said they were and that we made it just in time. We finished the meal and tried to clean up after ourselves and hurry out as a thank you. I like TacoSon a lot and will definitely be back. I think they will be able to win over my Husband as well with some time (and me doing his ordering).
