<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2008,12/20/2008,14,17,7,7,7>At first glance, John's Pet Shop may seem a bit chaotic but that's only because they have everything under the sun for dogs, cats, fish, snakes, birds, hamsters, and any other pet I've neglected to mention (hope no one is offended!).If you need help navigating the isles and different rooms, the staff is always available to help. They've all been there I started shopping there 5 years ago which says a lot for a business in South Beach. On the rare occasion that they've run out of something I need, they are able to tell me what day they will receive more, practically down to the hour and minute!And the best part is that their prices are fair!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,12/19/2008,944,946,8,10,10>The venue with one of the longest names in history, The Fillmore Miami Beach at the Jackie Gleason Theater, is a great venue to see your favorite acts performing live.  I had not been to the venue before its Fillmore makeover, but I can say now that it's a gorgeous space, and any artist should consider themselves lucky to play there.I've been to a couple shows there, both comedy acts, and they were both outstanding.  The first time, I had orchestra seats, and really didn't realize how spacious the theater around me was.  The next time around, I was in the balcony, and really got to appreciate the vastness of the space.I must say, from my point of view, there's really not a bad seat in the house.  Even from the balcony, I could still see clearly (though Jim Gaffigan was in miniature...).  I look forward to seeing a musical act perform here.  I've heard it's equally great for that, but have yet to experience it for myself.Parking is aplenty - there's the garage on 17th St, all the convention center parking, and the flat lots along Lincoln.  When there's an event, it's usually a $10 flat rate, but if it's a weekend evening, that might be up to $15.  Also, I believe they offer a discount on tickets at the box office for Miami Beach residents (with proof).
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2008,12/18/2008,278,388,4,6,6>Great Brazillian eats here in the Upper East Side.  They often have dj's or live music.  I have yet to go there on a weekend, but there usually is a line of   cars waiting to get into the parking lot.I need to go on a Sat or Sun because on weekends they serve up Feijoada.  It's a long-simmered black bean stew (feijao means beans).  Come check it out, and afterwards walk over to the Planet Lounge up the street(I have a review of it here as well).
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,12/17/2008,12,18,2,4,4>OMG! What a nice place in SoBe, not your usual Mexican place, Peppers has very good food, super clean, nice little place to grab a bite before going to the beach or after a night out - they're open late. A great alternative for those of us tired of pizza - The food is awesome, I love their enchiladas and quesadillas. I friend of mine tried the veggie burrito was awesome!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,12/16/2008,9,3,6,8,8>When I was there, it took me back to the cafes of Paris.  It's tight quarters in there, but the food is tasty and service is quick, though it might be in French.  Even my Dad liked it and he hates most restaurants!Try the grouper!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/25/2008,12/15/2008,115,143,6,8,8>Typical Diner, quick hot food.  Inside looks like a Denny's in an upscale hotel, with Blue Moon on tap I can see why Fritz and Franz was passed up.  I had the chicken fingers and they were exceptional very crispy white meat with tons of french fries and honey mustard.  Their happy hour is until 7pm so drinks are 2-4-1.  The diner prices for it's location are super reasonable and with their daily specials there's tons of variety.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2008,12/14/2008,148,183,9,13,9>The Anne Kolb Nature Center seems to be practically in my backyard and yet this was the first time there - for a wedding.Surprisingly, it's a cute garden with a whole lot of trails and boardwalks. If you're looking for a cute and quaint place to have a wedding this should definitely be taken into consideration. Also, tucked away towards the back is a five story tower. I strongly recommend taking your loved one and climb all the stairs (yes, get that exercise). Once you reach the top, hold each other and just enjoy the view. Word to the wise: bring a jacket, it get's cold.I digress, since this would be my first garden wedding, I'd have to say that it reminded me of the kind you see in the movies. Sooooo cute and simplistic.Overall, everything seemed organized. Inside where the wedding reception took place, there were large round tables set up, a huge dance floor and an area specifically designated for the buffet and open bar. As far as I'm concerned, there were only a few issues:1. While the gorgeous couple were giving their romantic vows, the speakers were crapping in and out. NOT COOL.2. When walking on the boardwalk (there's really no avoiding it) be careful with the heels you choose to wear. I literally had to walk on the balls of my feet and apply no pressure to the heels, as they would go straight through the cracks. Even with this unholy method of walking, every few steps I got stuck again. Holy hell, what a damn mission it was.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,12/13/2008,48,74,6,11,11>The first time I went to see Norma (owner), it was on a recommendation from one of my coworkers.  She had just gotten the best haircut of her life, for cheap.  I made an appointment the next day.  After my first visit, I felt like family.  I sent every single one of my friends and coworkers to Green Apple without reservation and every single one of them had nothing but gleaming reviews to give.  It's a small business, but what they lack in quantity they make up for in quality.  For the last 4 years, Green Apple is the ONLY place i've gotten my hair cut at.  Even living in Boston for 2 of those years, I managed to hold out long enough to see Norma and Allison on Thanksgiving breaks and christmases.  It's worth it, in every way.  Unlike some pretentious high end salons in the area, they do good hair for good prices.  Norma's been in the biz for at least 30 years and she knows what she's doing with high end cuts, practical cuts, fashion cuts and men's cuts of all types.  Allison does booooomb ass color, too.  They've just recently hired a bunch of new kids, and they're doing everything they can to keep the shop's reputation as high as it has been.  No complaints.  A+ business.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,12/12/2008,280,485,7,9,10>Went there for dinner for the first time in a long time on Saturday night.  The food is as good as ever and the bar is as dark as ever.  Stick with one of the meat dishes - the prime rib was great.  Service could be a little faster though, but the waiter was very attentive.  The bar is great place to get your drink on and hide in the dark.  And, what the hell pick up a bottle  from the window to take home on your way out!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,12/11/2008,43,67,4,4,4>Had to write a note for Zeke's because every other review said "wow $3 beers" OMG and they didn't give them full marks.Zeke's should not exist. It's too perfect. In general the bars and restaurants of South Florida have incredibly poor beer selections... Zeke's goes a little way towards correcting that with a nice selection of microbrews and UK/Euro beers all at a price that makes you shocked that the hard to find bar RIGHT ON LINCOLN is not packed every night (if you go at happy hour, you'll be the only person there).Yes, its cash only, and yes they don't have food. It's a beer bar, and a perfect one.Whoops, as of now the beers are suddenly and truly expensive... $4.00  Still the only stellar deal on LR.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,7/30/2014,238,73,7,9,6>In the middle of midtown, this hipster place takes my 5 star review for sure! We walked in through the back so the kitchen was on our right. I really liked the fact that you can see the kitchen because you see how clean and organized they work. It's a sit yourself place, you can chose anywhere you want. We sat by the kitchen because we wanted to feel a little more private. Our waitress was really good, she was knowledgable and gave us great tips on the items we were ordering. Food wise,... Where do I start? French toast or the steamed pork buns? If you like French Toast then you have to go here! The bread they use is the same as the steamed buns so it makes it fluffy, rich and full of flavors! It comes with pieces of raspberry and a raspberry jam. Ask for the syrup because it comes separate. They're four big pieces but so good we had to get a second order. The Steamed Pork Buns are another must try. These little buns are to die for. BBQ pulled pork cabbage and pieces of peanuts. It comes in twos, they're a house favorite and you will end up ordering them again. We also had the Tuna Poke Salad, brings chunks of raw tuna and kale salad accompanied by a nice sour dressing and topped with a foam shell that elevates the presentation. Hoy box? Yes! Comes with chive biscuit, cinnamon roll and chocolate chip muffin. And brings NUTELLA SPREAD! That says it all! This was my first time having an egg Benedict and I regret all the times I could've ordered them in the past if the taste is the same as these at other locations. It comes with a sweet potato medley that is great and very well seasoned. I highly recommend this plate. Dessert was also great! We had the banana pineapple bread pudding. It comes served with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream that melts as soon as your spoon breaks the pudding because it's so hot and moist! They also have mini soft serve cones that are very cute and tasty. Overall this place is foodie heaven, if you haven't been you need to bookmark it and go for brunch. Very well deserved 5 stars.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,7/29/2014,99,196,6,6,6>This place is great! I visited it two days in a row because I loved it so much after my first visit. The gentleman at the cash register was very nice and he remembered me from the day before. On my first visit there I was unsure of what I should get. I was between the Udon noodles and the egg noodles when I asked the cashier he said that without a doubt I should get the Udon noodles. So Udon noodles it was! I was got my meal with chicken and I had to get the namesake Sriracha sauce. The meal took a bit of time to come out because they make it when you order it in front of you. Because of this, I did not mind waiting at all. I was able to entertain myself with the different games that they have set out on the tables for guests to play with. Once my meal was ready I couldn't wait to devour it. And devour it I did! It was absolutely scrumptious! Every bite I took was better than the last and extremely satisfying. The gentleman who was the cashier even came up to me to ask me how my meal was as I was eating. So, great customer service!The reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is that for some reason the 2nd day I went back my food wasn't as amazing as it was the day before. Was it great? Absolutely. Were the employees just as great? Yup. But I don't know, maybe I put the Sriracha on such a pedestal that there was no way it would ever be that good again.Overall, I absolutely loved it. Everything about this place is great and I think it's a wonderful addition to Washington Ave.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,7/28/2014,929,30,13,18,14>It's Saturday night, I'm feeling rebellious and decide to head to Brickell. I'm in the mood for some tequila and guacamole. Despite my skepticism, I decide what the heck lets check out the cantina. I literally had to do a quadruple take, I was expecting a run down place with rats running around. Let me tell you, the image you yelpers painted in my head was far fetched from what I had just laid my eyes upon.  If you were blind folded and taken into this restaurant, you can immediately tell your in either Brickell or South Beach. La Mexicana Catina is gorgeous, tons of art around the restaurant with a ginormous projector on one side- perfect for watching games. For all you alcoholics, they have a full bar right when you walk in.. Oh, and happy hour during the week! So it's time to put everyone's reviews to the test. First runner up, their world famous chips. I was expecting a basket full of stale tostada chips along with a freshly opened jar of salsa from publix. Omg... The chips were perfectly fine.. I had two freaking baskets! FYI: order their homemade guacamole. I promise you'll be asking for more and you'll even have multiple baskets of chips because of how flipping amazing and fresh it taste. Next runner up, shrimp tacos. Uff! If I was hung over this would be my meal of choice. Shrimp fried in beer batter, along with pickled cabbage, smothered in this creamy sauce placed perfectly between a tortilla. Now this is what I'm talking about. This matches perfectly with beer or any type of alcohol. Mexican cantina, you need to come out with more tacos.. Good stuff! I also ordered half the menu. Fajitas, Queso Fundido, more guacamole and churros..oh and more alcohol! I highly recommend their fajitas, you get so much for so little. $12 bucks and you can easily share with someone. You can choose from: veggies, chicken, or steak. All fajitas come with: rice, beans, sour cream, cheese, and tortillas. Put some guac in there and boom, so good! And if you're feeling like a fatass like myself, you must order the churros. Oh.em.gee! Churros drizzled in chocolate and leche condensa. I'm totally craving this right now.Overall, I had a wonderful experience. Service was fantastic, food was great, and the venue is beautiful. La Mexicana Catina is a perfect place watch the game over some drinks and good Mexican bites.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,7/27/2014,138,146,8,10,8>Love, love, LOVE Elle Air Blow Dry + Makeup Bar!  Why you ask?  Normally when I try to do my own hair and makeup, I end up looking like a cross between Baby Jane and the evil clown from the movie IT.  I believe I have the potential, or blank canvas if you will, to pull off the same smokey-eye or natural glow that some celebrities seem to have.  I just need an artist to help bring out my inner Heidi Klum or Kim Kardashian.   I was SO excited to see Elle Air open just a stones throw from my house in Surfside.  My first visit was a few months back.  I wanted to get all dolled up for a friend's wedding.  I went all out and got big, glamorous, over-the-top fake eyelashes and a full face of makeup.  Being an unfortunate soul prone to blemishes, I was a little worried that I would break out from their non-MAC products.  Other than a little pimple, it all worked out and I did not have people trying to play connect-the-dots with the oily constellations on my forehead the next day.  My friends were ooooing and ahhhhing over my new look and I looked great in photos for once.  This week I treated myself  to a blow out and full face of makeup for a swanky Yelp Elite event.  This time, I was led to a little room in the back complete with soft lighting and mood music to have my hair washed and scalp massaged.  Soooo good.  The blow out took about 45 minutes - I have long-ish hair.  The products they used were Oribe and smelled fantastic.  My makeup session was stellar once again and I'd like to think I may have turned a head or two at the event all thanks to Elle!  Let's not forget they make you feel super comfortable during your visit - offering free glasses of champagne and craft sodas.  Check in on Yelp to get $2 off any service.  Go ahead, pamper yourself.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,7/26/2014,276,303,8,13,10>Saturday July 5th 3pm party of 4.First impressions, the place was bustling. A packed house but a minimal wait sent us directly towards the outside bar area.  The vibe was nice, long bar, music, flat screens, half booth seating. I dig!  But the scorching Miami heat quickly made me beeline towards the front door and into the cool open space dining room. Service-wise this place is 5 stars. Our waiter was awesome. It's a pleasant surprise when a waiter knows his stuff!  Detailed description of the specials, suggested appetizer and his favorite entrees.  Major Kudos!! The other wait staff was great too...bus boys were continuously clearing plates, filling water glasses and the cocktails kept flowing.Onto the main event...the grub. Ceviche platter - 2 ceviche's, fried crab claws and what I can only describe as sushi tamale. Interesting way to sample the menu but not worth the $52. You're better off ordering dishes you know you like or really want to try. Main dishes - I loved the whole fried fish though also expensive at $42. Liked the chaufa seafood rice, lots of flavor. Disliked the Jalea.All in all, I like the vibe and would return but will definitely skip the big ticket items.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,7/25/2014,72,111,6,7,4>Affordable French cuisine in a casual setting.....When I think French cuisine, I think cream sauces, snooty waiters, and mimes in chef's hats stuck in invisible boxes. La Tour Eiffel has shattered that concept and introduced me to casual French fare.Located on Bisacyne Boulevard and  NW 72nd Street, the restaurant is tucked away in a small shopping center. It is easily visible from the road and can be spotted at night by the lit replica of the Eiffel Tower that is right next to the entrance.The menu is simple and easily navigated. You have the breakfast and lunch menu which features an assortment of salads, sandwiches, and crepes or the more robust dinner menu with varying dishes made a la carte. There is also a prix fixe menu which includes an appetizer and an entree for a very accomodating price. Boasting a full bar and a decent wine collection, there is an ample choice for any palate.I was lucky to share a meal with an ecclectic and wonderful group of fellow foodies. We practically ordered a great cross section of the menu representative of the various styles and dishes available. All I heard were compliments as we sampled our way from the wine to dessert.If you are in the mood for delicious food in a casual yet elegant atmosphere, I highly recommend La Tour Eiffel. Bring your sweetheart, but leave the kids at home.They take major credit cards....and as always, leave the tip in cash.**Tip - Park at the meters for easier in and out. The shopping center has very limited parking.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,7/24/2014,216,110,18,20,17>It was a fluke that we landed in this seafood restaurant a few Saturdays ago.  Sorry, sorry** Bad pun, I know but it just came out! The occasion was Johnny T's "Eat Like a Local"  series, an unofficial Yelp event in which we explore different off the beaten path restaurants featuring ethnic dishes.  This week was s'pposed to be in what used to be called the Westview neighborhood  named after the Westview  Country Club on 119 Ave just East of 27 Ave. The Country club  is no longer thought the building remains as I don't know what.  In any case,  the plan was to go to the A&W Root beer stand and hamburger  joint that's been there since the 60'. Trouble was, there was a Closed sign on the door due to an oil leak..something like that. So out came Rony's  trusty Yelp  mobile app and "nearby" was selected. Right nearby  was the Conch Heaven Restaurant with some pretty decent reviews.  Texting the latecomers, (me) so as not to get lost, we all assembled in this very clean, brightly lit room and enjoyed a  meal  consisting of Bahamian and Jamaican food. We all ordered something different so we were able to sample a nice assortment of goodies,  like steamed snapper, conch fritters, cracked conch, Jerk chicken, and I believe oxtails which I had a miniscule taste of.. All  lunch plates came with  sides that were distinctly  Caribbean such as  Johnny Cakes, and macaroni and cheese but a sort of  square pancake of it,  Very tasty. I enjoyed it all especially my cracked conch ( which for non Floridians is pronounced like "Konk.") They also have a several alcoholic drinks on the menu and we sampled Sky Juice and Bahama Mama.  There are also beers  like Bud, Guiness, Red Stripe, Kalik, and Smirnoff and wines by the glass and bottle.Service was gracious and very good. Our requests were met with a smile and questions  about how we were enjoying everything.  No problem requesting separate checks and by the time we were laving about 3pm, the place was starting to fill up  Ya, it's no longer the best neighborhood but it's on a main drag right across from Miami Dade College and has it's own ample parking lot and back door to go in and it never occurred to me that I should be wary..  I really do want to go back  and sample some other island fare!  They also cater.** no I'm not!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,7/23/2014,205,101,7,11,7>Love at First SightWhen you enter Love is Blind you are going to be dazzled by the sheer coolness and ingenuity of the restaurant. It boasts a funky motif that successfully intertwines ancient art with a trendy, funky and sexy vibe. In case you are tripping out (ref: Forgetting Sara Marshall Clip), there are smooth furry walls to pet, blowup octopus like chandeliers, head bust sculptures with papal crowns and mounted bull skulls proclaiming pearls of wisdom such as "All you need is love." It is one of the most fun, tricked out restaurant decors we have ever encountered.Love is Blind is the latest addition from the Passion Restaurant Group. They also own the very popular Crazy about You, as well as Dolores but you can call me Lolita. The owner Carlos, who opened up his first restaurant in Madrid at the ambitious age of 25, explained his "cheap is chic" concept. He believes patrons should be able to experience quality cuisine in a gorgeous setting with excellent service at very affordable prices.The menu couples one appetizer and one entree at a fixed price ranging from $18 to $33 depending on which main entree you choose. That's a sick deal for an app and a filet mignon!!We commenced with the Trio of Cheese Calzone with a banging, exotic lingonberry jam. The calzone was baked to a pretty golden sesame seed crust, adding a solid flavor and texture to the savory pastry. The Ricotta, Mozzarella & Goat Cheese blended together nicely without any one overpowering the other. The sweet jam brought out and complemented the cheesy flavors. If Italians took at stab at making a pastelito de guayaba y queso, this might be what they come up with. For an extra $2 surcharge, you can have the Imported Burrata Caprese Martini appetizer (their Cod Croquettes have the same surcharge) and it is well worth the upgrade. Akin to a delightful burrata pesto salad, it was served in a huge martini glass with lettuce, beautifully firm and ripe baby tomatoes as well as a refreshing pesto sauce. The burrata was soft gooey and fantastic. The pesto and tomatoes complemented the cheese quite splendidly.  There was a slight hint of sweetness melded into the dish, as well. It was a fantastic and uncommon approach to burrata.Our first main was a Grilled Shrimp with Artichokes Open Papillote served with fresh rosemary, extra virgin olive oil and cherry tomatoes  The ingredients were oven-grilled so the artichokes were really tender and fantastic when combined with the fresh rosemary. There was also nice amount of juicy flavorful shrimp included in the dish.Our second main was a nice cut of Grilled Veal Churrasco which we really enjoyed, but it was the sweet plantain mashed potatoes that had us purring at the table. It is soft, mushy mashed potatoes with just the right amount of sweet plantain added to make it addictive. The sweet plantain taste lingered and begged us to keep our mouths coated with its incredible flavor. It also came with grilled onions that worked so well with the veal. A bowl of Cuban Moro or Moros y Cristianos, which means Moors and Christians accompanied the dish. "Moors" refers to the black beans, and "Christians" to the rice. The name stems from early Cuban settlers reference to the Islamic Conquest of Spain which had a profound effect on the Spanish culture and language. The rice and beans are cooked together and we thought they infused ham into this version. It was flavorful and not pasty or mushed. Sometimes Moros can be very mushy and this version kept its nice rice consistency.For dessert we decided to forego the very tempting Tomorrow I'll start my Diet Nutella Pizza for the artistic and interactive Your Sweet American Dream. The dessert is comprised of a hot brownie, vanilla ice cream, whip cream, strawberries, chocolate syrup, cocoa and your unbridled creativity. The ingredients are presented and you must channel your inner (or outer artist) to decorate your plate.  We applaud the uniqueness and ingenuity of this dessert and we had to participate. The warm brownie was deelish and it was fun to be encouraged to play with your food in a restaurant. We only wish we had M&M's to add some vibrant color to our Dessart.Love is Blind will definitely be making our shortlist for great date spots. It has reasonably priced tasty food and wine as well as a marvelous and romantic ambiance. They also have a laudable happy hour from 4:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. every day with half price on all beer and liquor. On Thirsty Thursdays, it's happy hour all day and night! They also have a "Love around the Clock" special where it's beat the clock on Moët specials that range from $5-$10 depending on how early you arrive. We had a great time and will definitely be back to dine and wine again.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,7/22/2014,180,140,8,8,7>I think the students working the festival are geniuses.  Besides the food being delicious, the students' personalities and networking skills were on point.  This festival has been going strong for years, but it was only this year that I found out that the festival benefited the Florida International University Culinary students.  How awesome is that!This was my first time attending this event, and truth be told, I was a bit nervous going alone - don't know why, since I am not a shy person.  It is something about festivals though that makes me feel like I should be hanging with friends.  My social awkwardness makes full appearance when I'm around the "beautiful" people of Miami Beach; and at first it did look like I would be a wall (sand?) flower.....but then the free drinks kicked in....then came the dancing, singing and hitting the volleyball.  Yes, I said it, there was a volleyball game going strong - with random (and absolutely terrible) players jumping into the game.  To be fair, the drinks may have had something to do with missing the large ball aiming at their faces . So...back to the other part of the festival.  The food - there were a few hit and misses in the tastiness of the food  and I was surprise that a good half of the booths offered empanadas.  But there were also cuban sandwiches, media noches, beer, wine, rum, and coffee, soda and water.  I was grateful for the water...right on time - because volleyball watching is hard work.One negative - the tickets said to enter through Delanos , but in fact the entrance was at the Lincoln Road beach entrance.  Not a big deal, but I was walking alone, and it was dark - so I felt lonely lol  Being the fun going girl that I am, I just joined a group walking and pretended I as with them.Once again, I get to look cool by visiting the popular social spots, all thanks to Yelp.   Cheers!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,7/21/2014,337,332,7,13,8>The guys at Foxhole bring us Drunken Dragon, an Asian bbq fusion restaurant located on Alton rd. Dont look for a sign to let you know you are there because you wont see one. Once inside, it's a dimly lit and beautiful space with a bar to welcome you. The cocktails have a Polynesian theme, these guys are fusing everything. The Mai Tai and cherry gin cocktails were good. Aldo the bartender was great at explaining all of the cocktails and making them too. We were sat at a table with a bbq grill in the center. Make sure to specify you want this table because not all have bbqs. Excited to start grilling, we ordered the churrasco skirt steak and the short ribs which I highly recommend. The flavor of the meats was delish. The octopus was not my fave but my dining friends seemed to enjoy it. The best dish for me was the PECKING BAD omg you have to order these amazing pork buns which I describe as "a little taste of Hawaii" in every bite. Seriously, that good. The crispy boc choy was a hit as well as the stone pot rice. Very satisfied with our dinner.On to dessert. Super disappointing and needs major improvement. They offer soft serve vanilla sundaes with random things such as guava or little herb brownies. The brownies lacked so much flavor. You are better off getting a dollar soft serve fast food caramel/hot fudge sundae. (If thats your thing) Honestly, I dont care for soft serve. With that grille in place and delicious food, I was expecting a much more tasty and creative dessert. Something to work on.Overall it was a fun dining experience and a great new place to try. Just a heads up, only like 5 ppl fit comfortably at a bbq grille table.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,9/8/2011,420,662,11,15,15>Simply charming! Tea & coffee lovers, look no further - this place has everything you could hope for and more. Tucked away aside FIU, I can't help but dream that this little hideaway was in my neighborhood.Having heard rave reviews about this place, I was totally excited to try it, and we finally stopped in for a friend's birthday. The lot is generally full on weekend nights (so we've heard), since there's a banquet hall in the complex, but we created our own spot between two trees. :) The service is, hands down, the best I've encountered in Miami. It's run by a couple, and they are incredibly nice! Like, shockingly so. If I worked the insane hours they put in, I'd undoubtedly be a surly bitch to customers by the tail end of the night, but they couldn't be sweeter or more helpful. In a brilliant concept, the likes of which I've never seen, they have mini- tea tins attached to the wall with magnets, so you can smell each type of tea. I had a decaf honey chai tea, which was heavenly. I was pissed at myself for having eaten dinner already, as the menu looked delicious. And there were so many mouth-watering blended drinks ... too bad I'm off sugar. :(No matter. They have couches, games, toys and free wi-fi. If only they were closer! Hopefully they'll continue to grow a zealous following, and perhaps they'll open a second location in the Grove ... I can dream. :)
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,9/7/2011,149,235,9,10,7>In Elizabeth T's review (yelp.com/biz/portobello-…), she somehow forgot to mention some very important details about our evening at Portobello: 1. Our waiter (Daniel, I asked) was mighty attractive. 2. She did not like Tiramisu before she tried it at Portabello. She DID NOT like it, but NOW she DOES (yes, I know she _is_ a crazy person).3. The Spaghetti dish we ordered was called "Spaghetti Della Nonna" and it was comfort in a bowl - perfectly cooked spaghetti covered in buttery cream sauce with pancetta mixed in. Oh. My. God. I'm getting hungry thinking about it again. It was perfect. I would take that spaghetti home and tuck it in every night and read it bed time stories (This isn't the kind of spaghetti you spend a night with and never call again. No, sir. It's much too innocent for that).Love this place. Pro Tip: bring cash for the meters outside, they don't play well with credit cards.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,9/6/2011,79,29,8,11,6>I love sports bars, I love sports bar food, I love beer, I love pretty places. Therefore, I love Waxy's on the river!So I showed up there early to watch the Heat game. The place itself was so nice. Everything looked clean and elegant. They had a bunch of outside seating with the view of the river. It was a little chilly so my party and I decided to sit inside.We got one of the best tables that was located in the middle surrounded by booths and the bar. We had an awesome front row seat view of one of their huge flat screens, which later turned out to be not so great because people started crowding us. I was a little jealous because the bar seats had backs to them and our table had stools with no backs. Call me a crybaby, but I have back problems boo hoo hoo. We enjoyed $10 pitchers of Miller Lite. They also had $12 buckets of Miller Lite or Coors. We also ordered two appetizers, one was the conch fritters and the other was the calamari. Each of those was about $10 or under. Plus unless you were lucky and found meter parking, the easiest was to park in vallet for $7. My point is that it is reasonable but not cheap so if you go, know that each person should be spending about $25 or so. I think the place makes up for the slightly higher price, as I already stated its uber nice.Speaking of food, the conch fritters were amaze-balls, literally. They were cooked perfectly and with adding lots of lemon, they were to die for. The sauce that came with them was like a honey mustardy-ish type sauce which was also divine. The calamari was not on my top spot. It tasted like other food, which would mean the oil was old or used for something else or they cooked it too long. Nevertheless, I didn't mind. It still tasted better than the chewy calamari from Area 31 (hater, rawr!) Our server Mindy was on top of what she was doing and very friendly. She got busy towards the end of the night but still managed to keep us happy. My favorite quality of this place is that it is a true sports bar. They took off the music and let everyone actually hear the Heat game, rather than just watch it in silence. I think it takes away from the epicness of a  game if you can't hear the commentators and the buzzing (errrrrrr) and the crowd CHEERS@! I will definitely be coming here very often now and ordering two conch fritter appetizers lol. Freaking loved it!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,9/5/2011,27,96,3,8,8>This is hands down, one the absolute best Cuban restaurants you will ever eat at.  I feel like it gets better every time I go.  The Bistec Rio Cristal is abosolutely legendary.  Get it topped with the Papitos (french fries) and ask for grilled onions (instead of the raw ones that come on by default) and you will be in heaven.  It is so tender, so flavorful and so memorable, you will seriously question eating at any other Cuban restaurant.It's such an authentic  family run restaurant and reminiscent of the way restaurants used to be.  The staff makes you feel welcome like the family is having you over to their home and making you some of their family recipes.  Most of the waiters have somewhat limited English, which in my opinion is a great sign that this place is legit and authentic.  They have a salmon colored special sauce on every table.  It's really something of a salad dressing, but it's delicious and I often put it all over everything I eat there.Go!  You cannot go wrong!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,9/4/2011,177,107,10,13,12>When I came across this place on a search for ice cream joints I thought it sounded more like an "adult" store than a dessert place but, hey, it got my attention. To Whip 'n Dip I would go, even if the ice cream sucked I thought it would be fun to tell my husband, "Babe, wanna get some Whip 'n Dip?".  Alright onto the real stuff. The place seems to be stuck in time, circa 1983, with its lattice backed menu boards, formica counter tops,  Miami Vice flamingo pink and teal exterior and the community cork board (which I LOVE actually....miss having those around other places in town).  The teen-aged employees actually look happy to serve you and offer generous samples of ice cream or frozen yogurt. The frozen yogurt is creamy and flavorful. The ice cream tasted hand churned and was truly delicious. It has great outdoor seating as well as a little bench for 3-4 inside and is constantly buzzing with locals. Nice place to hang out and satisfy your sweet tooth. BTW, if you "like" them on facebook you can get secret codes for some great daily discounts.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,9/3/2011,178,221,9,6,5>Funny story - My husband said that he had found a pirate themed hair place to take our 3 year old to get his hair cut. So off we went for his hair cut. I left them out front and proceeded to go run some errands. Needless to say, my hubbie informed me that it was NOT a place for kids!! But they were great with Lucas and did give him a decent cut :) Hubbie said he liked it - LOL - and as for my son well, he'll be back - maybe in about 12 years :)
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,9/2/2011,415,166,24,23,19>Do not come here if you are diabetic/sugar intolerant.Do not come here if you're trying to lose weight.Do not come here if you want  to try " just one little thing".If you do not heed my warnings, you will 1) get yourself into a sugarcoma..a happy, blissful coma which you might not ever recover from, but it will be the sweetest, most delicious coma ever.2) the wheels of the diet wagon will break under you, but it's okay, cause your fall will be broken by the sound of your  "oooh" and "mmm"  as you chew your pastries.3) try more than just "one little thing" and not feel an ounce of guilt over it.I found this place through the Yelp app while searching local bakeries by Dadeland, and I swear, it's discoveries like this one that make me kiss the Yelp app on my touchscreen.You walk in and the scents are all warm loving and welcoming. The entire left side is dedicated to French wines of many varieties, as well as a refrigerated section with various cakes, cremes, and profiteroles ( cream puffs)  that are begging to be smushed into your mouth.Then you come across their baked delicacies : crusty,  golden, airy croissants, some filled with chocolate, some dusted  with almonds. The croissants just crumble into your mouth at first bite, leaving evidence of bliss all around your lips.  Bread pudding, little puff clouds of brioche that simply just melt onto your tongue on the first bite, and sweet, crunch Palmiers await your consumption with a nice, dark espresso.oh. and the macaroons? Yeah.. Try..TRY TO HAVE JUST ONE. I DARE YOU.With another small refrigerated section of chocolate filled eclairs, tarts, and mouse filled pieces of dessert heaven,  expect nothing but satisfaction for  your tastebud's sweet desires.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,8/31/2011,196,289,9,7,7>My relationship with this place has been a little rocky ever since it opened.  Steps away from my apartment, it constantly tempts me with its beer selection, laid back atmosphere and fun apps.  I mean, I'm not that crazy about the mini corn dogs, but hey they are CORN DOGS and they are mini!  Too much fun!But recently, I have fallen in love.  The Thunder Road burger is now my belly's new BFF.  I never tried one of the "menu burgers" but rather insisted on building my own custom burger.  Never impressed until the Thunder Road came into my mouth.So now I got a place that is mere feet away from where I live, serves Chimay (on tap) and has an awesome burger.  Thank goodness I'm also a member of the gym on the second floor.I also love that B & B added a divey kind of bar next door where you can still get the same beer selection (even if they have to walk to restaurant to get it), same food and play pool with interesting characters while playing your favorite songs from high school on the juke box.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,8/30/2011,314,746,8,12,10>Coffee ice cubes = coolest thing ever!Okay, now that is out of the way. LOVE the chewy goodness of the whole wheat everything bagel. Not many places offer this delectable combination, so at least I can pretend my bagel is halfway healthy. I have the feeling I will be obsessed with this place. Real eggs on my sandwich, deli cheese, not soggy bagel (half the places around here nuke your bagel sandwich resulting in a soggy mess that burns the roof of your mouth, or they use fake eggs). The cream cheese has good bits of real stuff in it. Everything I've had so far is delish. Coffee is pretty much self-serve & they have a bunch of different flavors for hot and iced coffee drinks.Plus, these crazy people are open 24/7 on the weekends and get this.... they offer PIZZA BAGELS! Best thing ever :) I'm going to be turning into a bagel any day now. I *heart* this place. May upgrade to 5 after I have a few more things. The service was nice and quick both times I have gone so far.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,8/29/2011,35,69,10,11,11>After two visits, I feel I can safely say this place is simply fantastic. First is their impressive menu of entrees, sushi and tapas, all of which are not just based on traditional Japanese preparations, but also exquisitely highlight Indonesian cuisine. The best way to describe their selection is a cross between Japanese-tapas inspired small plates, sushi and yakitori with an irreverent and sophisticated flare. Both the  kitchen and sushi chefs have created a surprising variety of innovative and fresh items. So far everything has been very good, prepared to order and beautifully presented. For details on what's good on the menu, check out Michelle C And Eschel H's review. However if you like explore something new, try their off-the-menu Lapis (sp) dessert if available. This delicate Indonesian poundcake is made up of dozens of spongy layers and served with red bean, green tea or taro ice cream. Two words... Sama sama!Then you have their service. On both of our visits our waiter Andi was knowledgable and enthusiastic about everything on the menu. We've also had lovely interactions with both chefs who personally serve you their creations with a brief explanation. Everyone at this place knows there menu is special and they are understandably proud to share it cover to cover.All in all, this place reminds me of those tiny but outstanding restaurants in NYC that are usually hidden to the naked eye but part of the foodie underground. Down to their off-the-beaten-path location in a Downtown mall otherwise closed if it wasn't for them, Little Lotus is a little gem unlike any Asian restaurant I've been to in Miami.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2008,1/20/2009,103,159,6,8,8>This place is freakin massive! They really have everything you could ever think of and more.The main reason I head on out here is to purchase my favorite flavored Smirnoff Vodkas for $17.99. And that's the price for the big mama bottles. I also get the big bottle of Tanquerray for my boyfriend for about $28. You can also take home boxes or crates of wine or liquor when you buy in bulk which comes in handy when you are throwing a party.Their prices really are unbeatable and it helps that there's always a coupon for a $1 off that we get in the mail.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,1/19/2009,55,35,6,7,6>Definitely my favorite Sushi on the beach and the east side of Miami. Fresh fish, creative and delicious rolls, best sushi rice on the planet (I've become somewhat of a connoisseur on that front thanks to my rice bowl eating girlfriend.)I eat a lot of sushi in Miami. There are in my opinion only three outstanding sushi restaurants here and a handful of good ones. Matsuri, Shibui and Shoji are the upper echelon. I've eaten at all three at least 20 times and their performance does not waver.If you love rolls, order the Shoji Special and the Sunday Morning rolls - they are as good or better as anything else anywhere. The recipes here pay fantastic attention to detail and only add flavors where you can taste them, like their masterful use of cilantro and citrus.Best of all, however, I think is their use of temperature in a sushi. Biting into a piece of ikura sushi (salmon roe) and finding the roe chilled and rice nice and warm is a rare find in Miami.If I can hate on anything, it's the price. I've spent over a hundred dollars (minus drinks) here for two people easily and done that same sized meal for less elsewhere. It's not as bad as Nobu but they are Beach prices.I don't think the reviews on here thus far are really representative of my experiences here. This is sushi for people who like bold flavors and know what good sushi tastes like. Zagat has always rated the place very highly and I've often seen Chefs eat here. If you're iffy on sushi or you tend to order the cooked meals at Japanese restaurants, this place probably isn't for you. Do a Sunday Morning - Shoji Special combo and tell me that I'm wrong.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2008,1/17/2009,253,216,12,20,16>This place totally rocks. I was invited here for lunch by someone who worked at Parrot Jungle and knew about it... Unless someone tells you, its hard to catch on that there's a restaurant back there but once you get there, its a really great place.Non-Miami Yacht Club members can eat here for lunch Tuesday through Friday (they're closed Mondays). They always have lunch specials and the rest of their food is really good.The best part about eating here is their outside seating. You are literally ten steps away from the water. If the weather is nice, it is super relaxing and really feels like you're "getting away" for lunch.If you've never been and are not sure where it is--- from the macarthur causeway- you want to turn as if you're going to parrot jungle- you need to go ALL the way around parrot jungle till you get to the end-- (parrot jungle will be on your left and the water will be on your right) - there's a long street and you will see a callbox. Push the callbox and tell them you're there for the restaurant and they will buzz you in. There is always plenty of parking. To get to the restaurant, just walk west and you will see a white building.. go around the building (if you're facing the building, head right, closest to the water) and you will end up in their outdoor patio.Advice: Before you go, tell your boss you might be late from lunch, because you won't want to leave, trust me!!For additional info, here's a link to their menu:miamiyachtclub.net/dinin…
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,1/16/2009,38,15,6,9,7>I get all the criticisms of Miss Yip. The prices are high, sure. The cocktails are often poorly mixed. The setting is generic, definitely. And the service is decidedly average. So why, then, do I give Miss Yip four stars?One word: dumplings.Don't go to Miss Yip for Chinese noodle or rice dishes (though the Kung Pao chicken is quite tasty, with just the right amount of spice). Go for the dim sum. Grab some friends and share a few orders of the bbq pork bao, which is sweet, bready pastry filled with bbq pork that adds just the right amount of salt. Add on some fried pork and chicken dumplings, and if you're feeling adventurous, try the soupy dumplings, which are filled with soup and kind of explode when you eat them--but it's a delicious explosion. I'm as anglo as it gets, but I have it on good authority with friends who lived in Hong Kong that this dim sum is the real thing. Where else can you get such good Chinese food on the beach?
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2008,1/15/2009,534,839,7,15,10>The service is even better than the quality of products.My husband and I just painted and wallpapered our baby's room. I walked in there and said I was interested in a gender neutral Disney theme, and she had 3 books on the table for me to look at in less than 2 minutes. We found exactly what we were looking for, and she even found the perfect shade of pale yellow to compliment the border for us (in the low VOC paint, of course).My parents used them to do several of the rooms in their house in their recent remodeling. And the wallpaper guy they recommended was very good, professional, and quick.I don't see myself buying paint from Home Depot ever again, and will not do wallpaper anywhere but here.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2009,1/14/2009,15,3,16,15,23>The Irish TimesAh, what can be said about The Irish TimesIn so little space, with such a few rhymes?Turn eastward on Sunset, right from US-1Park in the big garage, cross the street, you're done.Use the corner entrance to lurk through the vibeYou'll have walked by windows and seen who's inside.If Simon's there, he'll be the first to say hi,And offer a Car Bomb with sparks in his eye.Perhaps sexy Erika will flash you a smile,"How you doing, baby? Just sit for a while"Or one of the Davids will be there that night,A Snakebite or Jaeger will start the night right.The jukebox be jammin all night at full tilt.And Higgy may saunter in wearing a kilt,And Rhino will treat you like you were a king.The trident on the wall's a family thing.The food is outstanding. Do check out the menu.Better than expected out of a bar venue.Try the mini-burgers or the chicken curry,If portion's important, then you mustn't worry.For the sports enthusiasts, as Guiness's decanting,From rugby to football they will not leave wanting.Selectively placed are flat screens galore,Just lift up your eyes to check out the score.It's one of those places of idyllic feel,Where moods are relaxed, and people are real.Where Captain, the bouncer, is quick to say "howdy"And kick your arse out if you get too rowdy.Within a few weeks, you'll know well the gameAnd come to the place where all know your name. With a 5 a.m. license, it's a late-night hit,You asked for my review, and this has been it.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,1/13/2009,147,180,11,18,14>Let's face it, going to the vet can be a pricey adventure. That's why I like Dr. Marmesh's setup. Marmesh keeps it affordable. Sure, his lobby isn't fancy or frilly (and sometimes there's poop--I guess that's just part of being a vet) and you can't make an appointment for things like shots, but at his basement bottom prices, it's all worth it. A trip to the vet for a checkup, shots and meds could run you in the high hundreds at most vets, but here you will more than likely land in double digits. They also do the cheapest teeth cleaning I've found yet. Marmesh and his staff of vets-to-be work fast, however, they don't always do the most thorough job explaining meds, which is why they get four out of five. If you need shots, go here. Your wallet will thank you.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,1/12/2009,64,130,13,13,15>Now this is what I thought a Night Club was supposed to be!  When the travel channel shows you the best party scenes around the world this is what I expected from Miami.  Not the stuffy, scuzzy and snooty pick up joints I've been finding for years. I've never been to a club with such a great atmosphere, crowd interaction great DJ's like Patrick M.  With a great sound system that sounds loud and CLEAR, an insane fog machine, great lighting system and a train horn going off as I walked in I was sure this was going to be interesting.Drinks... well you're at a night club in Miami.  Parking... I tend to drink more then I should so I took a cab.  Once you're in the club... Tons of fun with a lot of people there just to have fun!This is not a place to come have a drink and conversation while showing off your new... whatever you spent too much money on so you can brag about it.  This is a pure club and I'm coming back when I can stay until the sun come up!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,1/11/2009,723,1088,20,17,11>Yes, it's me a guy - full fledged male - reviewing a hair removal (wax) place- Here's the story, my wife doesn't exactly enjoy living with the Wolf man, so chest, back, underarms and during racing season legs- I am sure the ladies will all agree that wax is far better than shaving- Why Uni-K ? well as fellow Chamber of Commerce members, I was invited to their grand opening celebration and met the wonderful staff - contrary to my preconceived notion, these ladies don't look like prison guards- they were all very cool and informative- The place is nice, Maciel does a great job at running this branch - but don't even dream of walking into this location without an appointment - you will wait forever. I always find it very entertaining when I am perusing through a magazine in the waiting area, how the ladies stare at me probably wondering why I'm there.... Well, my bride is one satisfied customer and I enjoy my smooth chest and hairless back - There it is... my single metro sexual moment on Yelp... and it will never happen again.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,1/10/2009,259,519,8,7,5>Oh, sweet baby Jesus... My boyfriend and I finally gave in and went to Churromania this past weekend and it was AMAZING! We like our churros with just sugar on them, but Churromania offers a bunch of different toppings like cinnamon and dulce de leche, but I really don't see a reason for it. The churros are so perfect that adding toppings would ruin it for me. There was a crowd when we went on a Saturday afternoon, and the service wasn't as fast as I had expected, but I forgot all about it when I took that first bite of diabetic-coma-inducing awesomeness.Do yourself a favor and stop by the next time you're at Dolphin Mall and try some.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2007,6/9/2008,9,2,1,4,3>Ortanique is one of my favorite restaurants in Miami. I've heard some complaints that the avg. entree price of $25-$35 for dinner is overpriced, but in this case, you do get what you pay for. Ortanique has everything that an upscale restaurant should have - great food, a relaxing, warm ambience and attentive, but not annoying, service. On the weekends, there is live jazz. I've had the spicy calamari salad several times, and the calamari was tender and only lightly breaded each time.  The West Indian curried crab cakes are also very good, although the portion is on the small side.  The Jerk Chicken Penne Pasta with sun-dried tomatoes, shittake mushrooms and garlic cloves is amazing! It comes in a cream sauce that's flavorful and not too heavy. The Bahamian Black Grouper is also very good, although it was slightly overcooked when i ordered it.  It comes with an orange liquer sauce. I wasn't sure how I felt about the Ginger Green Tea Encrusted Salmon before I ordered it, but I was glad I did, because I loved it. I don't think it had much of a green tea taste, though. But it was paired with risotto and asparagus, which I think are the two best sides to serve with any salmon dish. And last, but not least- I had to save the best for last: The Red Stripe Beer Steamed Mussels are out of this world! The dish comes in a spicy sauce with tomatoes, onions and Scotch Bonnet pepper, which is one of the hotter types of peppers. The sauce is so good, the servers will often automatically wrap up any that is left over for customers to take with them, because it is definitely a waste to leave it on the plate. Make sure you have some bread nearby.:) I think the mussels are only on the dinner menu though. Oh, and the martinis, specifically the lemon drops, are quite satisfying! Definitely a place to try.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2008,6/8/2008,402,639,2,7,8>My rating is primarily based on food and service. Decor and music could use improvement. (Don't remember any music even playing... the soccer game was on). They had a variety of Mediterranean food, primarily Turkish!   We ordered Hummus, Fava Madamas, Calamari, Tabulee, Beef in Eggplant, Artichoke, Shrimp, then Beyti and a very fulfilling platter of Lamb, Beef, Chicken, Rice, and Onions. For dessert we tried the Baklava and Kazandibi (milk pudding) with Turkish coffee. Food was excellent and authentic. Service was very good. Definitely returning to again... soon!       Fortunately, the food was so good we were stuffed and then had some to go. Unfortunately, we were too stuffed to enjoy the Hookahs they offered.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2008,6/7/2008,18,152,1,4,3>Love the "designer salads"! The sandwiches and paninis are great too. The quality of the food/ingredients is superb and always fresh. Portions are generous. Service is friendly. The location is convenient right in The Shops at Pembroke Gardens. We used to go to Panera Bread for lunch all the time, but now we come here (at least twice a week). Healthy fresh feel-good food! If you are craving sweet, they also have yummy frogurt (& real fruit) smoothies and chocolate chip cookies (to die for). :-)
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2008,6/6/2008,160,370,6,2,4>A group of us got this for lunch while at work.  Great take out.  Prices are in the $7 range, so great for lunch, and the portions are huge.  In fact, I just finished eating the remainder for dinner.  Seriously, there are some hot and spicy noodles on my keyboard.  yuck, let me go get something to wipe that up:ahdfiuiu92r   u980uw q7r qppoijgsa wae[ jafdsaThere, all better.  Sorry about that.   I had the Blazing Noodles, which were very good.  And actually spicy.  So many times, you get something that has that cue little red chili pepper next to it, and there is maybe a dash of black pepper to spice it up.  Not so at Pei Wei.  My noodles had really good, just a bit tingly spice that let you know it was there, but didn't render your lips and tongue unusable for the next hour-and-a-half.  This is handy while at work, where you want something with a "Calgon, take me away" kind of feeling, but not too much of an impairment.As you can see from the website, this is by the group that does P.F. Chaings.  They have done a great job with a take-out service
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,6/5/2008,15,37,3,6,6>As I walked into this restaurant, I felt like I was in Manhattan for the night!  The decor is really nicely done!  Regular tables and chairs, and in the middle of the room, a tall long table...kind of what you would find as Asia de Cuba in NYC.   Great Asian decor, my favorite were the lamps!This is a family run restaurant - the service was exceptional!  Mario was great!!The food was really good too!  Everything we tried was excellent and different!  We were three so we shared a few plates - Hamachi Jalapeno, Jalapeno Popper Rolls, South Beach Roll, Lobster Roll and Dragon Roll.We will be back...and the best part about it...they deliver to my building a few blocks away!!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,6/4/2008,33,12,7,9,5>You would think being closer to the equator would equal cheaper and more efficient brazilian waxes but apparently in South Beach that's just not so. Like many other women who have become addicted to maintaining their landing strips, I was shocked to find that they're even more expensive than in NYC, what up with that?!Not South Beach Body waxing. Not only is it a third of the price of other places on the beach, it is always professional, pretty painless and quick as can be. Ill even admit to loving the feel of the wax as it goes on (I swear they've got some special formula). TMI? Ill stop there but I highly recommend checking it out for yourself.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,6/3/2008,66,191,4,4,4>Boy, do I miss the old Miami.  This restaurant will take you back to South Beach when Wolfie's and the Rascal House and Juniors RULED.  Oy, I'm telling you my age.  Matzo Ball the size of...well, BIG.  Potato Latkes like my mom used to make.  What are you waiting for?  Go, have fun, call your mother.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,6/2/2008,62,88,1,11,2>definitely a low drama company.  they gave me a no pressure quote over the phone.  and then sent tony out for no extra charge to replace my smashed window. he was calming, friendly, reassuring and trustworthy. as much as was needed for a window, anyway. the price was exactly as quoted and no more.it did take quite a while for them to get here, so i guess it's best not to just wait around for hours like i did.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,5/31/2008,7,9,5,4,4>Do you like Beer Pong?  How about a friendly game of Flip Cup?  No, how about a wild game of Wii, while enjoying pitchers of beer?  Well if you love doing that, or just hanging with friends, this is the place to be.  A dive bar that was once rated by Playboy Magazine as one of the top in the nation, has lost no steam.  The wooden walls and plasma televisions playing ESPN scream college goodness.  The beer is cheap and the history of all the past chaos is still there, including old underwear hanging from the roof.  So if you like drinking games, good beer and good people this is the place to be.  And if you do go, ask for Eric, he won't steer you wrong and he'll get you started on a nice hearty pitcher of your favorite beer!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,5/30/2008,38,15,10,7,5>Remember your sophomore year crush, the one who wore that funky hat everywhere? If he owned a bar, it would look a lot like this: a chill, un-clubby hangout decorated with hipster memorabilia (Ghost World figurines, japanese toys), a rotating local art collection and comfy thrift store-style couches. I'm not convinced he'd charge $10 for a rum and coke, though. Sophomore Hat Guy was way cooler than that. Even if he did dump you for that chick with the eyeliner. (You might run into her here, by the way.)
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2009,6/2/2009,97,2,8,14,8>I've gotta say that I was seriously impressed with Boomers. I've been seeing that scaring (and unstable-looking) wooden roller coaster for years on the highway, but I decided it was finally time to check it out.The place is run down; it reeks of bad 90s advertisements and set up; the attendants are bored. However, there is an absurd amount of fun to be had and at a great value. They had loads of arcades, bumper karts, and (excitement skyrocketing) LAZER TAG. But I was most impressed by the 5-course mini-golf game (we couldn't even get through 2 courses!) and the go karts that went much faster than I initially gave them credit for. It was so Mario Kart. I was actually pretending to throw a shell. Because I'm a nerd.The best aspect of Boomers, as I previously mentioned, is the value. Here's a helpful tip: If you go with a group (of four like we did), don't each get a $25 dollar 100 point or the sampler pack. Get the $100 750 point card -- because you can all SHARE the card (unlike at Gameworks). And 750 points will literally last you two visits because each attraction is really, really cheap. (24 points for go karts; 24 points for lazer tag, arcades are about 5 points each)FYI -- I went at night and it wasn't crowded at all.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,6/1/2009,340,93,6,14,15>Paid a visit to this place this past weekend with a group of friends and let me tell you that I can agree with the previous reviews here about this lounge. First, there is no cover charge and ladies get free martinis all night (I was told by the bartender that they do that every Saturday), what a Deal, wow!!! Dont worry about trying to do backflips at the door, no SoBe snobbiness. Bartenders and staff are very attentive with no attitudes. There is also a pool table in the corner. The decor is cool, art with naked models was different. Large dance floor by the DJ booth, so noone was rubbing against me :) Hot (not skanky) dancers on top of the bar is a good touch. The music was awesome that night, good mixes of house, hiphop and a bit of reggaeton.The location is a bit unusual, as there isn't much around it and the parking is free. Definitely try this place out if you are in the Aventura area.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2009,5/31/2009,259,519,13,10,8>I had almost forgotten what it was like to spend less than $10 on a single drink till last week when a group of friends and I visited the Kendall Ale House. 9 drinks and 2 appetizers for $60!! That's like 3 drinks and some fries at most bars! Of course, there's a catch. The people at the Kendall Ale House are usually either between the ages of 21 and 23 or 85+ The music is loud and obnoxious. I heard 4 Guns n Roses songs in under 2 hours. Not that I don't like some GNR, but it was overkill. The bathrooms are disgusting. Past 10pm you're guaranteed to walk into a bathroom with all the seats covered in piss and/or vomit. When I was in college, I loved coming here. The drinks were cheap, the music was loud, and...the drinks were cheap. I'd rather hang out somewhere with a nicer ambiance, even if it means I'll spend three times as much on a drink, but it was nice to revisit.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2008,5/30/2009,1381,665,11,12,11>As always, Oliver's is completely satisfying.  :)  You just can't go wrong when the weather is right, to sit outside and enjoy the sun and scenery from here.  :)I was here on Saturday and this time ordered a chicken and brie panini that was out of this world!  The service was right on point as always, the food was presented nicely and served promptly, which is always a plus.  Especially since I was starving and hadn't yet eaten since the night before.  I was a tad disappointed that I missed the late breakfast (ends at 230p), but it was 330 when we got there and I guess I was begging for a lot...  I wont hold it against them that I have time issues...Another successful feeding...  :)  Oh, and one of my personal faves is the Texas Rodeo Burger...  It's a MUST-try!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,5/29/2009,98,163,6,8,8>Let me first start off that this place is a zoo -- but a fun, wild, entertaining one at that.There are a gazillion people everywhere you go and everywhere you look (even in the elevator). The pool was packed with bodies like sardines in a can, the line to check into my room was longer than today's unemployment lines...you get the idea.But with loads of people all dropped in one place, there's a certain energy here. And it's a fabulous energy.After laying out at the pool (on a lawn a la Woodstock), we went to Blade for dinner. The sushi was delish but Nobu is definitely better (in terms of chichi sushi, that is).We headed over to Liv (where the line was ridiculous but we were a party of 8 girls, so no problems there). The music at Liv is very teecky-teecky so if you're rolling, than fun for you, but if you aren't (like me), try and get wasted quickly. And make sure you have loot because drinks are $20 a pop. Sheesh.But hey, I danced the night away, slept on a yummy bed and woke up to a flaky croissant from the lobby-level French bakery.Only at the Fontainebleu, folks.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2009,5/28/2009,3,24,8,10,7>Well I must admit I was disappointed when I heard my new favorite placed had closed to "move" after just one month...  Well I now have a new favorite place!  I just love the italian atmosphere, laid back with cool music and beautiful people.  I just got back 10 minutes ago and I must say wow I am impressed!  the place is 10 times nicer than the old one it replaces, it was packed with people and the staff was the same as from before, the manager is very nice and attentive he remembered me from my visits to the other locations.Bottom line, this is very similar to the lincoln location, while this one is in fact much nicer than the original hole in the wall that they have in Lincoln it of course lacks the 100's of people walking by that you get in lincoln road together with the freak show that feeds off the tourists.... and hey who doesn't like to see a guy ride a bicycle with his pet rooster??
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2009,5/27/2009,487,145,5,9,7>When I found this awesome restaurant without any previous reviews it felt like I had discovered a ship wreck; unsure if I wanted to share the treasure with anyone. Well I got over the selfishness and decided to inform many of you on your new favorite spot. The food is excellent and although everything has an Italian touch, it's much more than your pizza and pasta dishes. The place is very large in size, with valet parking right in front, you may pass by it and assume its empty; a gorgeous outdoor setting, a huge dining area, a full bar and a party room make up the restaurant.I was extremely hungry so after having a couple of drinks at the bar we were walked outside to our table. It was packed outside, every table was taken yet the enclosed garden gave you a sense of privacy. We ordered several plates to pick from, Filet mignon tartare (raw, yet amazing!), grilled veggies, wrapped asparagus (like a quesadilla with cheese and asparagus), tortellone stuffed with pumpkin and some rib eye. I wondered why I had never heard of this place and found out it has recently changed owners. I had an awesome experience and got to meet the head chef/part owner as he made of his frequent visits outside; seeing him making sure everything was being enjoyed by the customers shows what motivates him, shows what drives him to make the incredible food he makes; his customer's satisfaction. Him doing so made my meal that much better and had me ordering the dessert menu; Napoleone alla fragola.The staff was incredibly nice, the chef was awesome and the place itself was out of a movie! Mamma Mia; I even left speaking a little Italian, I will be going back and back for more!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/4/2009,5/25/2009,257,180,5,6,6>Watched the Heat game at home yesterday and decided to get takeout from here rather than cook. It was okay. Nothing to rave about. I have eaten AT the restaurant before and think the food is much better when you eat there rather than take out. Seemed to me like they skimp on things when you take out..probably bc they know you won't come back to complain. Anyway, overall, Taco Rico is okay. I don't really care for Mexican food, so maybe that has something to do with it. I do recommend their fajitas and fresh guacamole though, those two are always winners in my book. When you do eat at the restaurant the service is pretty good and the beers ARE ICE cold. And yes, I seem to mention beer temperatures in my reviews often, but it IS that important to me. lol I guess for the price and close proximity to my house I really can't complain, in a pinch, it works....
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,5/24/2009,223,96,5,8,8>I took my man to the Hard Rock Live to see the cirque dreams; jungle fantasy show for his birthday last night. AMAZING!!!! The show itself was just beyond description and it was truly enhanced by the venue. The show is great for adults and kids both, with funny acts, family friendly content, amazing acrobatics, stunning costumes (even glow in the dark!!), and impressive showmanship. There wasn't a bad seat in the house. we were as far away from the stage as you could get (i'm not good at buying tickets, obviously) but we still had a completely wonderful, unimpeded view. The seats were comfortable, the staff attentive, friendly, and informed, with even a little old man sitting in each elevator to press the buttons for you. After the show we strolled outside and immediately stopped to watch a very impressive band playing at the bar right next door. The band is called high tolerance, and they are the absolute best cover band i've ever seen. We stayed for all four of their sets and their encore. I hope the owner of that bar appreciates them, because we wouldnt have stuck around for the 14 dollar double captain and cokes if it wasnt for them. We literaly danced and sang to their sets until two am. We stayed for over four hours. Their cover music was amazing, with unexpected seguays, perfect mechanical precision, stunning vocals and one of the best lead guitar players since Lenny Kravitz himself. If you're at the Hard Rock on thurs, Fri, or Sat night, go to the bar next to the hard rock live (4get the name) and check them out! High tolerance. A must see! When you go to hard rock, be prepared to open your wallet. Drinks are comparable to south beach prices, but it's worth it. there are amazing clubs, wonderful restaraunts, entertainment and shopping. It's always open, and center bar serves drinks 24 hrs a day. (for the next time you're craving a whiskey at 7 am.) Don't ask how I know this, It's a long story. I would highly reccomend the clubs Pangaea, Griffon, and Passions, and the bar murphy's law. Go check it out and explore for yourself.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,5/23/2009,73,61,21,27,21>The day I finally let my co-worker drag me out to the Russian and Turkish baths was filled with a mixture of excitement and a sprinkle of dread. I sat quietly in the front seat, trying not to entertain nightmarish visions of stark, morgue-like rooms with large, sour-faced Russian women scrubbing and beating me with no regard to my level of comfort or relaxation. I was pleasantly surprised upon arriving to discover a very different kind of place. The romantic, curvy statues, the ornate mirrors, folksy artwork and breath-taking natural rock areas throughout the spa make any visitor feel a million miles away from the spastic pace of a Miami weekday. The schvitz is an experience in and of itself. Have a seat on the wood and stone bleachers, and let the nostril-searing heat draw all the crap you've accumulated your entire life out through your pores. "FROM WHENCE YOU CAME", I shouted to the flurry of toxins as they evaporated by the single halogen lightbulb of the schvitz. If you smell yourself starting to cook, no worries. Just grab one of the plastic buckets in the room, fill it with freezing cold water from the reservoir and toss it over your head. The shock of the cold lasts only a second and quickly turns to relief as the water warms. If you can handle the process of dunking yourself in a tank of ice-cold water upon exiting the schvitz, consider yourself thoroughly cleansed and rejuvenated. I only got crotch deep in the tank and quickly leapt back out when I felt the blood crystallizing in my legs. Make your way to the gentle fragrance of the Russian aromatherapy room and prepare to FORCE yourself out. The gently lit room, thick walls of steam and subtle fumes are dangerously relaxing. If you REALLY wanna get your smell on, visit the larger, much darker Turkish aromatherapy room and bask in the unavoidable stank of lavender, and contemplate the mysteries of what the hell those lion head sculptures, sequentially attached to the walls, are for. Feeling tense? Still chilly from your post-Schvitz dunk? Plunge thyself in the scalding, rolling boil of the Ocean Jacuzzi, and stand under the "waterfall" as it hammers away the knots in your shoulders. If you start to feel light-headed - and you will - cool off in the Polar Bear room. Frigid by normal standards, this unassuming little room feels like a gentle breeze after all you've been through. If you're STILL not relaxed and have some spare cash to burn, holler at Michel, the resident masseuse. In just 30 minutes, this sweet and funny Cubano will tear up those knots and make you feel like a million bucks. He even hooked my girl up with a free t-shirt because he didn't want her to catch a cold while waiting outside for the valet. What a doll. I truly cannot wait to go back and try the Platza treatment and the cafe fare. Scrounge up $30, pack up your swimsuit and flip-flops and set a couple of hours aside for this unusual treat. You can thank me later.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2009,2/28/2010,126,91,5,12,8>Went here on two 5 star reviews from my friends and I have to say the place is pretty good. You almost miss it when your going down the street because it's so small and secluded. Parking is in the rear. Very mom and pop kind of restaurant. The dining area has a capacity for about 20 under a covered patio. As appetizer I had the tamales. For my main meal, I had the delicious burrito with beef and it was was huge that I took half of it home. The burrito was $11 +$2 if you want it with beef. I felt drinks were a bit off a ripoff. If you ask for coke to drink it's not fountain drink so every can of coke you order is $2.50. So your better off drinking water if your budget conscious. I'm going back to try something different from the menu but you can't go wrong with the burrito!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,2/27/2010,269,332,6,14,12>It is a small cafe nestled in Downtown Miami that I found when I came to Miami in March last year...and I've been going back there every chance I get!Being away from Singapore, knowing that true authentic Indonesian food in my new city was very comforting. It has a small shop front so you might miss it if you were driving fast by it. Cozy restaurant with different colorful and unique art and decor from Indonesia, you might forget you are in Miami or the US when you step it. They offer sushi...though I have never tried it. I definitely will sometime. If you never had Indonesian food and have a party of at least 2, I recommend trying the rijsttafel. It is a sample lunch or dinner set that runs about $17.95 per person. It comes with appetizers, soup, salad (yummy),  4 entrees (beef rendang, chicken curry, fish and veggies), and dessert! It is perfect to sample the 'basics' of Indonesian cuisine. You would probably be stuffed after! :) Worth the money!Also, try the Jus Durian. It's a durian milkshake...and for those who are not familiar with durian. It's a tropical fruit found in Southeast Asia that has a distinct smell and taste. You either love it or hate it. Either way, you should give it a try because it's amazing!Each time I go I leave stuffed. :) Btw, they open till 10:00pm Mon- Sat now...and 4:00pm on Sundays. But I advise you to call before you go...cause they do not really stick to their new hours now.Tip-bits:Street parking Cash onlyCasual attireNot suitable for big partiesEnjoy!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,2/26/2010,566,440,11,16,16>Just when I thought I would never need another star!We had our office Christmas party at Ortanique on Friday and it was A M A Z I N G!We sat in this secluded area with a curtain and a long table, not exactly a private room but we were far enough away from the regular patrons that they didn't stare at us while we laughed the night away and pounded mojitos like they were Gatorade!They set us up with a fixed menu... AppsCevicheBraised short ribs with truffled gnocchiCrabcakeMain CourseSkirt SteakSalmon I swear there was a third option, but don't ask, I don't remember what it was. DessertThe only thing that should've been served was the Mocha Bread Pudding, it was insanely awesome and wonderful all at once! All this and mojitos... ahhhh minty deliciousness... great time!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,2/25/2010,944,946,14,22,21>I knew I needed to try Whisk the moment all my favorite Yelpers started giving it glowing 5-star reviews.  Unfortunately, I work too far away to go for lunch, and they're not open for dinner.  Finally, as fortune would have it, I didn't have to work on a Friday, enlisted a couple friends, and off we went!Since it was burger friday after all, I couldn't resist, and I was treated to a huge beefy burger topped with carmelized onions, bacon, and gorgonzola.  Yum and yum!  The parmesan-dusted homemade chips were equally awesome.For starters we tried the guacamole, with fresh-fried tortilla chips, and the fried green tomatoes.  They were both delish!  The chips were a wee bit greasy, but that's cool.  One friend had the chicken salad sandwich on multigrain, and it was quite tasty.  Another had the burger, and loved it as well.  And the last one had the burritos, which were quite tasty, and even better with a splash of hot sauce.We all saved room for dessert and tried the blondie and Brendan's Famous Key Lime Pie.  The blondie was good, but maybe a few too many chocolate chips for me - let me taste that blondie flavor!  The key lime pie was indescribable.  I wish I had ordered one just for myself, and I know that next time I will!The service was fantastic.  Our waitress even kindly asked a couple to move to a 2-top to make room for our party of 4.  The super-nice couple kindly obliged, and we barely had to wait 10 minutes for our table.  Our waitress was there to refill our drinks when we drained them, and couldn't have been nicer.I don't know when I'll get to actually eat at Whisk again, but I have devised a plan that will allow me to call in my order, drive down from my office, pick it up, and be back before my lunch hour's up.  So it means I have to eat at my desk.  For Whisk, it's totally worth it!!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,2/24/2010,163,84,9,12,14>I'd to welcome Buena Vista Deli to the neighborhood that already boasts Buena Vista Bistro, Mandolin Aegean Bistro and Lemoni Cafe. It's brought to you by the folks from Buena Vista Bistro. It features a deli layout and there are tables arranged in a room both inside and out. Those of you familiar with BVB will feel right at home here. And although there are menu's, there is also the famous blackboard. They just opened today, so please be patient. I stopped by for a bit of dessert after my lunch down the street. I looked at the menu and spotted something I had been meaning to try. I keep hearing wonderful things about Chocolate Croissants and my answer always is that I've never had one until today. I didn't know what to expect, but I do know I was pretty impressed with the result. Chocolaty goodness inside a flaky pastry. It had just the right amount of chocolate. I paired it with a cappuccino. I felt the prices were fair: $2.50 for the cappuccino and $2.50 for the chocolate croissant. I hope to come back real soon to try the menu which is quite extensive and consists of salads, soups, sandwiches/panini's and their daily specials. Until then, I wish you all good eats.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2009,2/23/2010,31,29,6,8,7>Out of Beer, Wine, TEQUILA or any other type of Alcohol! Then Total Wine & More is the Spot for Your needs! They Have Absolutely the lowest price on everything, even if it's a couple dollars off ... IT DOESN'T MATTER It's Still Saving! They have a Huge but i mean huge Variety of Different Beer that i have never heard of in my life from all around the world. What makes it even Great to try out new beers is you don't have to Buy a 6 pack and then get screwed and be forced to drink the rest if you didnt like the beer.You Can Mix and Match, They have a little 6-Pack Box hanging around the beer section called 6-Pack Variety Box! So if you don't only want one certain type of beer, this is your big break! If your having a Big bash and need to get a keg quickly, they also have a great vareity of beer kegs. They have almost every Type of liquor you can think of, so if you can't find it else where make sure to check with Total Wine & More.We can't forget the Wine!!! Just like the beer, They have wine from all over the world which they have them seperated by either country, style, Champagnes, etc. To much to Handle and don't know what to grab? No need to be concerned, There's always an employee near by that are always 100% Helpful and will help make a choice. The best part is if you don't know anything about wine and wish to learn more about it, they have certain days and time where they will have a Wine Course available w/ a charge. Next time i go ill get the schedule and price, and update this review w/ it.It doesn't stop there, Total Wine trys to be the one stop shop for your wine needs, they also have a little section where you can choose from many famous well know chocolate brands and also they have a great variety of different style crackers to Compliment that Wine you will be taking home. If beer and peanuts are your thing, They have Lots of Nuts for you too, so make sure to browse the whole store and see what they have before you make plans to go elsewhere just for one item your missing.Cigar Smokers your not left out in the dirt, if you love a Fine wine or maybe a nice well tasting Spirit with a good stogie but don't have one to smoke. Total Wines has Solved your issues, They have a well maintained humidor packed with many premium cigars from brands like ashton, camacho, Arturo Fuentes, Montecristo and lots more!What can i say ever since this place opened near my house i don't go anywhere else to stock up on Alcohol. But remember when ever drinking have fun and drink responsibly!!! And when you party BLAME IT ON THE A-A-A-ALCOHOL!!!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,2/22/2010,290,370,8,10,10>Recently I had a hankering for Greek food but without the loud club music and large groups of people dancing on tables. Score another one for the Yelp app in helping us find this little gem! We arrived on a Friday night and were immediately seated inside. (There's seating outside in the front of the restaurant and on the side if you choose) Facing us was a beautiful mural of the coast and the walls were decorated with items, paintings, and even clothing inspired/from Greece. The sounds that filled the restaurant were courtesy of live music being played at the entrance of the restaurant. There was also a belly dancer shimmying her way through the tables. Our waiter Marco was very accommodating and pleasant. To eat we ordered pita bread (it's only $1 and I prefer hummus with pita instead of loaf bread). For the main entree I went with the chicken platter. It was delicious! My boyfriend ordered the gyro platter and I have to say, despite how good my dish was, his was my favorite. Over the past few months, we've hit up a handful of Greek restaurants but this was by far my favorite gyro platter. The meat was cooked to perfection and as Judy said, the portions are big!After just one time here we've already designated it to be a new addition to our restaurant rotation. Quick and friendly service. A nice atmosphere, whether you like to have an intimate table outside or a large table inside, plus the food is delicious.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,2/21/2010,534,839,9,14,10>Byron is the bomb. He is the main and best salesman in the store. He used to have a different store one shopping plaza down. My family has been buying shoes from Byron for almost 15 years. Every foot is different and there is a sneaker for your foot. Have a high arch? Flat footed? Run/jog a lot? Need an everyday + some walking shoe? Comfortable sandals that will stay on & are waterproof? They might put you on a treadmill to record how you jog/run. Do you come down heel first? Flat? Ball first? You might need different support, and they are the support you need to get the right shoe on your foot. Don't forget to get the special socks. Never have that annoying sock-knot-on-your-pinky-toe itch ever again.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2010,2/20/2010,723,1088,14,14,15>So you've been cruisin through life having a pretty successful quarter century with your lifelong partner, there are high expectations for the chosen place to celebrate such a significant occasion. We heard through some well respected, friends and fellow yelpers that this place is pretty good, so we decided to take their recommendation and headed to this place to begin our week long celebration ! Well, the place delivered, in great fashion - there are four components to a great dining experience : 1. Service: Impeccable, flawless, no way you can improve on this. Good job on up selling the menu, great attention to detail, wonderful delivery and always checking up to make sure we were OK. 2. Food - wow !!!! Need I say more ? My daughter's pasta was simply scrumptious. My entrana - Holy cow ! No pun intended, out of this world. My wife's bife, i can't describe it, you have to try it. Desserts? hell yeah, take a pick and enjoy every bit of it. 3. Price - the quantity, quality and service at these prices make this place extra special. 4. The company - If you know us, you know what I am talking about, and you would hopefully agree that the company I was with is simply unbeatable ... for me .... So yeah, my judgement might be a bit clouded due to an excellent bottle of wine, outstanding service, delicious food and great company, but in all fairness, this place deserves 5 stars, hands down!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,2/19/2010,253,216,7,7,5>I had never been to La Sandwicherie, but many of my friends swore by it-- so when I found out La Baguette had opened up close to work, I jumped on it like Tonto.I was off to great start when I saw the parking in the back. Parking near brickell during lunch time is usually a nightmare, but there was plenty of parking here...and for FREE. WOO!Next, I had to get over the fact that it was 80 degrees and I'd be eating outside-- but once I grabbed a seat on a stool under the shade, I was okay. Their menu is pretty basic- variety of sandwiches, salads, smoothies and shakes. I opted for a roast beef sandwich on a croissant. It was just as good as the one I get at the Epicure, and $3 dollars cheaper. SCORE!I took a prosciutto, mozz and tomato to go for my S/O & my friend who I was eating with had a Chicken Mix Sandwich on a baguette that was humongous! They load it with lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, black olives, pickles, and green and hot peppers. Everyone was pleased!The entire bill was $20 dollars which was fantastic for 3 people. Will we return to La Baguette? -- OUI!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2008,8/15/2008,723,1088,2,3,3>Wouldn't be the place to go for sushi, but the Thai plates are definitely made to your liking. Don't be shy ask for more spicy it will make you sweat. Wish the portions were a bit more generous, but overall it is good enough.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2008,8/14/2008,38,15,5,8,5>I was waiting in line to order a Fizz salad (arugula and romaine, strawberries, walnuts, gorgonzola, roasted garlic and berry vinaigrette)at Giardino this afternoon when I realized something was strange. I stood there, listening to the piped-in classical/new age music and watching the smiling, calm salad pros behind the counter serve customers who seemed ... relaxed? Content? Happy? That's when I figured it out. On a stretch of Alton Road that's crowded with noisy, tiny, stuffed little fast food joints, I was standing, comfortably and stress-free, in a place where I could get food without anyone invading my personal space. Granted, Giardino has just opened the South Beach location, so they're probably being extra-nice to everyone who walks in the doors. Still, it's a rare experience for us South Beach west-enders, so I'd suggest getting in there soon.At $8 for a meal-sized salad, the pricing isn't bad; as I ate it, I found myself wishing for a little bit more flavor, but that may have been an effect of the vinaigrette, which was a bit creamier than I'd anticipated. I'll definitely be back to try some of the suggestions my salad-making man was throwing at me as he hand-blended my food.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2008,8/13/2008,66,55,1,6,5>I hadn't been to this place in about a year and I really regret that. Had dinner and the food and service was excellent. They have an awesome beer and wine list and the prices are reasonable (The bill was $95 and that included an appetitzer, entre for two, dessert, three glasses of wine and two beers. The decor is great, really contemporary, but minus the South Beach hustle and bustle. We walked right in and were served right away. We started off with a app, a fig salad with walnuts, carmelized onions and cheese stuffed into each fig. Fabulous! The entre was a French sampler platter with cheeses, meats and sauces. Delicious! For desert, we had a custard with drunken cherries on the bottom. Oh, and they also have wine and beer tastings every Thursday from 6:30 to 8:30 and  it's free!  Only small negative would be the place is a bit small and the parking is tight. There's free parking in a gated lot in back of the building. Other than that, this place has flair, for the right price.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,8/11/2008,15,37,2,3,3>I Needed my Cuban Fix and was not in the mood to cook!My Breaded Chicken Steak (Bistec de Pollo Empanizado) was the size of the plate.  On a seperate plate, my favorite White Rice & Black Beans, seperate of course, I mix them!!  And, you can't forget the Sweet Plantains. (platanito maduros)  My boyfriend had a Seafood Soup that was super tasty and had a very generous amount of shrimp, mussels, fresh fish chunks and calamari. Oh, and when I don't want to dine in, I can call and they deliver to my home.  Love it!!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,8/10/2008,33,12,1,6,4>The kind of place you would walk right by and not give a second notice to considering its uninteresting location but dont do it! You'll be pleasantly surprised with the decor, the staff, and oh lord, the ridiculously delicious pizza, of which there are about 30 or so types to choose from. Im on my way to Sicily in a couple of weeks and dare I say it? I dont doubt that Piola's crust will rival that of those waiting for me in Palermo.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2007,8/9/2008,4999,1226,5,16,8>Best "hotel" room I've ever stayed in, ever. It wasn't really a hotel room, it was more of a drop dead gorgeous condo masquerading as a hotel room. I was in a 2 bedroom suite in the tower sharing my princely space with the bro. Ridiculous amenities included a jacuzzi tub, elephant friendly shower heads (see photo), fully automated espresso machine, sick views (literally and figuratively if you're afraid of heights), flat screen tv, Bose stereos, and the list goes on.Prices are steep, but it's South Beach I'm not sure the word bargain is even in the local dialect. I was here off-season which did mean I got a free night (total stay was 4 nights). My only complaint was that service while perfectly fine does not compete with that of a Four Seasons or a Ritz, etc. The hotel is just not managed as well. Staffers are more informal in front of guests and not nearly as polished, for example we received a wake up call and subsequent wake up visit at 10:00am that we didn't ask for. While the room (and general upkeep of the hotel) is far better than some of the other nearby popular properties like the Shore Club, Setai doesn't have the scene. Most guests appeared to be well-to-do families and you don't have the thumping music and pool strutting you'll find elsewhere (this could be a positive or negative depending on your disposition). So would I stay here again? Hellz yes.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,8/8/2008,352,828,4,6,5>Wow, an upscale Chinese restaurant in the new trendy Miami Beach Collins Park area on 23rd street.  Philippe Chow is located at the new Gansevoort Hotel. The restaurant is large with upstairs and downstairs seating for large groups and special events and there is a nice size bar area. The food was wonderful, every dish had its own unique taste with a special unique sauce. We started with some appetizers which included Vegetable Dumpling, Chicken Lettuce Wraps with plum sauce, Peking Duck Spring Rolls with Sweet and Sour Sauce and Wok Fried Beef Dumplings and Chicken Satay skewers. For our main courses, we shared the Crispy Beef, Chicken and Broccoli and Crispy Peking Duck main courses. I thought the Crispy Beef was unbelievable. The main courses were served with white rice in an metal rice pot (I've never seen that before) as well as the chicken fried rice. For dessert we tried their cheese cake and red velvet crumb cake.I would say this is the best upscale Chinese Restaurant in South Florida. I would highly recommend dining with a group of four or more so that you can try more of their dishes. The drinks are SOBE prices so you should make sure you're with your good friends -- if that's an issue to you. The entrance to the restaurant is located at 2305 Collins Avenue which is a street entrance outside of the Gansevroot Hotel. You can park at the Gansevroot (15 with a validation) or at Collins Park (10 or less) or in the metered parking by the Library. You should bring plenty of quarters because the parking machines are not operational yet. BTW, the Philippe Restaurant Group has locations in New York City, Mexico City, Las Vegas and Chicago (opening soon). Stratis Morfogen is the CEO of the company and this entrepreneur has a partnership investment deal for his company with a group of  professional athletes which include: Alonzo Morning, Jerome "The Bus" Bettis, Chauncey Billups, Antonio McDyess, Al Harrington, Stromile Smith and Tyronn Lue. On the Sunday night we were there, a well-know coach for one of the local pro teams was having dinner.Update: October 2008 - I went back for my daughter's birthday and both the food and the service were wonderful. Even with the current economy, the place was packed on a Saturday night. Parking is $16 with validation at the Gansevoort and you can finish the evening off with drinks on their rooftop. BTW, it's somewhat expensive so if you are on a budget, don't order too many drinks.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2008,8/7/2008,17,9,9,12,7>four seasons brunch when jay z rapped about eating four seasons brunch i honestly didn't know what all the fuss was about.   well, color me enlightened.    now i know how the other half  lives for real.   i started with a mimosa, and proceded to the cheeses.   brie, blue cheese, and a lot of other cheeses i don't even know yet were sampled, along with deicious varieties of olives and other comestibles. impeccably prepared chiviche, squid and shrimp salad,  prawns, stone crab claws,  sushi, and dim sum made the cut for plate two.   i was feeling good, but not sated, not by a long shot. as i slaked my thirst with a long drink of ice water, i felt a sudden hungering for traditional midwestern breakfast fare.   thick rashers of center cut bacon and french toast with maple syrup along with melon,  rasberries,  blackberries, and blueberries left me feeling right. but not for long. breakfast and lunch were handled, and that can only mean one thing.  it was dinner time.  as i made my way towards the prime rib, the rack of lamb was callin me, man.   i made a game time decision.   and i am pleased to report,  i picked the winning horse.   accompanying the lamb in the my dinner trifecta was snap peas in butter, and a bowl of seafood and plantain chowder that would be a fair trade for my future firstborn son. considering the gravity of that last sentiment, i felt it was time to to sit back, loosen the belt a couple notches and take a long hard look at myself.   was this unbridled gluttoney always there, just beneath the surface?   i decided that i really did not care.  strong black coffee got my mind right,  and steeled my determination.   i wanted something sweet!  when i saw the willy wonka confections  in the dessert room,my endocrine system released  a massive endorphine rush.  combined with the sublime presentation and colors, i felt like i was halucinating.  i powered through and finished strong with rasberry cheesecake, and two other ineffable deserts that words simply  cannot do justice.   another cup and a half of the rich black coffee rounded out the meal.   the service was off the charts, the silverware changed  with each re up.   glasses never empty. five stars.   food coma certified.   do yourself a favor.  you deserve it, little buddies.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/24/2008,8/6/2008,14,13,7,8,6>So it's my friend's birthday, he wants to go to dinner with 14 of his closest pals and since he is super international artsy fartsy , we end up at Sheba for Ethiopian food since it's not common and it's in the design district and it sounds cool. All of us show up at least 30 minutes late for our reservation, but the host is extremely understanding and totally cool dealing with a bunch of loud hipsters  who had never been there before. This place is like a mini-gallery/restaurant, arts and crafts spread throughout and dimly lit (which i love) to get you in the mood for what you are about to stuff your face with. I ordered a St. George (Ethiopia) beer which was decent but a little light for my taste, then a Casablanca (Morocco) which was really good, and I was going to need it with the super crazy spicy fest my mouth was about to host. I split an appetizer to start, we had the D'jaj Bi Basla (chicken tenderloins with cinnamon and sweet onions), this was tasty but the chicken was pretty scarce and cut into teeny-tiny little morsels. I should have just saved those $9 and picked off my neighbors plate of fiery scallops. Every entree comes with 2 vegetarian side dishes of your choice served on Injera (a sourdough pancakey-crepelike breadstuffs) and range from $20-$25 for the dinner portion. Next up was the ZilZil (strips of lamb marinated in honey wine with onions) accompanied by Gomen Wat (collard greens with onions) and Ful (fava beans and onions). Starting to see a pattern? Holy moly onion overload! All in all the dish was really tasty but I'm a baby when it comes to spicy food, so my nose was running and lips were tingling and apparently, I ordered the mildest spiced preparation. Sticking my fork in the surrounding plates, I think it's safe to say that Sheba's specialties are the vegetarian dishes. Lots of peas and lentily goodness. By the time I ate all my lamb bits what was left was a mass of spice covered onions, which I just could not scarf down. I never leave enough room for dessert, but since it was a birthday feast, they brought out a little bitty chocolate cake (didn't try it) on a giant freakin' plate with heaps of whipped cream and decorated with thee most delicious fruity,happy birthday decorating jelly that I could not stop swiping my finger through. When the waiter cleared the plate off the table he could see my love for this stuff when he looked into my eyes, so much so, that he asked if i wanted one more swipe at it. yeeeeees! Although I probably wouldn't go again, just because the flavors weren't really for me and my taste buds, Sheba is good stuff. Skip the fork, use your hands but wash them first and don't forget to bring some mints or you won't be getting any smooches on the way home.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,8/5/2008,24,15,2,3,2>Hands-down the best pizza in Miami.I've been eating at Spris for years, frequently throughout a four-year stint living in South Beach, and often enough since moving across the causeway.  Spris has remained consistently fantastic.Spris fires up its pizzas in a brick oven, and the resulting crispy thin crust is delicious enough to eat alone or drizzled with olive oil and balsamic.  The pizza menu lists at least 20 varieties of topping combinations (the recently-resurrected bresaola, arugula, and Parmesan is my absolute favorite), but the servers and chefs are perfectly amenable to substitutions and alterations (sun-dried tomatoes and extra basil, thank you).Don't just come here for the pizza, though: Spris salads are some of the best I've had in Miami.  Try the Di Tonno, with imported oil-packed Italian tuna, roasted red peppers, corn and baby greens in a light homemade lemon dressing.  Or get a pizza and a simple green salad with shaved Parmesan and a delicious tangy homemade balsamic dressing.  Appetizers, while decent, are nothing to write home about: the usual suspects of bruschetta and carpaccio.  I would skip them altogether.For dessert, if you have room after filling up on salad and pizza, skip also the cakes and pies, which always taste like that funky smell inside a freezer case.   Ick.  The pre-packaged sherbets, though, are yummy and fun, served inside their respective fruits' shells.  I'm partial to the coconut sherbet, myself.I'll generally get a salad, sneak a slice or two of pizza off a friend's plate, and end the meal with an espresso.  They're not on the menu, but you can ask your server to bring you some Italian almond cookies to go with your coffee.  Mmm.Another little-known fact: while seated at Spris, if you suddenly decide you're in the mood for homemade pasta or a steaming pot of mussels and frites, you can order from the menus of adjacent sister-restaurants Tiramesu or Le Bon instead.So, despite a couple of questionable dessert offerings and some seriously sluggish weekend service (you'll be too busy people-watching to notice anyway), I think my five-star rating is more than well-deserved.  Now go and see for yourself.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,10/22/2009,110,113,12,16,14>After attending an event here I have been secretly and embarrassingly craving the seafood lasagna.  I have sinfully thought about it everyday.  "Was it really that good"? "Was I just really hungry that day"?  "I really have to come back and try it again because maybe it was orgasmic-ally delicious for the Yelp event and then it will taste different if I come to the restaurant on a random day".  Thoughts that tormented in my mind and tummy.   I found my self looking for a "reason" and/or trying to find an "excuse" to  put together a dinner outing with friends so that I may selfishly indulge in my new object of infatuation.  To no avail.  Short time frame and everyone is soo busy.Alas....  It was my sister's bday and I was throwing her a surprise party. Ding Ding Ding... the bright light turned on over my head.  I have to serve food right?  YES!I decided to call Mai Tardi and ask if they would cater the party.  Prepare a Seafood lasagna (of course) for 20-30 people.  This was the first Saturday they would officially be open so they told me they would call me back and let me  know if this was possible.  I waited one day for a call back and when I didn't receive one I anxiously decided to call again.  AND BOY I'M SURE GLAD I DID.Jean Michale answered the phone (he is the manger, and a very good one).  He immediately knew who I was and promised me he was about to call me, I believe him, I have a hard time sitting and waiting.Another yes, they would prepare the lasagna.  I can't wait!!The next day I started to freak out thinking one lasagna would not be enough so I called Jean and ordered two.  The next day I started to freak out thinking there are many people that don't like seafood so I will order one seafood and one regular.  I called Jean, which by now I have his personal cell number on speed dial, and this is when he advised me that they do not have regular lasagna on the menu, only the seafood BUT that he was going to talk to the chef and get back to me.***Mind you this is all within the first days of the restaurant just opening and he managed to have everything under control and ease my anxiety***The next day I started to freak out because i thought if they couldn't make the other lasagna what was I going to do? Risotto needs to be served right away, I cant change it to the Risotto.  But Jean Michale answered my phone call and told me the chef is going to prepare a chicken & vegetable lasagna for the non seafood lovers. What a nice twist to the average lasagna.This was Friday night and the party was on Saturday.  I believe the last form of communication Jean Michale and I had on Friday confirming everything for the next day was at 1:00 am or something.Now someone that speaks my language!!!Saturday came along and when I wasn't there at 6:00pm on the dot to pick up the two lasagna's Jean Michale called me to make sure everything was ok.  Once I arrived the staff was just as gracious with their smiles and help as they were in the event I attended.  What a great experience this has been.The food was absolutely mouth watering.  There were no left overs... at all... I received so many compliments on the lasagna's and inquiries as to where I ordered them from.  I really have to give a compliment to the chef for the food was superb!AND a special thank you to Jean Michale for putting up with my neurotic behavior leading up the Saturday.  Mai Tardi is definitely on the right path!!!!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,10/21/2009,73,61,12,12,10>Yay, this place is 2 minutes away from my house. The service is refreshingly non-invasive. If you're not THAT hungry, get the appetizer combo and split it with someone. Trust me, it's a buttload of (delicious) food for a very good price. We got the hummus (got a craving after watching Don't Mess With the Zohan that morning) (by the way, it sucked but Adam Sandler was kinda hot with the beard and jew fro and just-ripped-enough body...damn), babaganouj and falafel. I will overcome all obstacles to turn anything into a sandwich, so I crushed the falafel balls in a pita pocket and slathered it with every sauce on the table. It totally should've been more than enough for me but I arrived with Fat Eyes so I went on to order a chicken kebab, boyfriend ordered the lamb. People, go with the lamb. The entree comes with a healthy serving of meat, grilled veggies, this super soft, fluffy rice, and a dollop of this strange gelatinous garlicky stuff that I was scraping on every bite. The chicken was alright but the lamb was cooked perfectly medium. I ate half my plate because I strategically picked a table right by the dessert carousel and wanted to make room for a Baklava. Do yourself a favor, leave the other half of your meal for dinner (it reheats perfectly) and save some tummy real estate for their pistachio baklava. I really need to come to this place more often and so do you.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,10/19/2009,1489,1675,11,15,17>Woohoo! As good as it gets! Fresh Argentine Cuisine in a very pleasant cozy atmopshere.From the moment we arrived, from the hostess to the oh so many wait staff, we were treated like royalty. I was afraid to open the menu thinking oh gee, this place is going to be priced very high. Pleasantly surprised, the menu was reasonable.Ciro, was our main waiter and he was superb! Gave reccomendations, told us about the specials and answered many of my questions. Professional, funny, knowledgable, A + service!Through Ciro's reccomendation we ordered a Grilled Provolone Cheese for an appetizer. Very large round grilled cheese platter came out. It was very tasty. Medium, nice flavor, a little hard to cut, and it was heavier than I expected but oh so good.Wine Menu- Oh pure Heaven!! I was taking forever to decide because they had such an enormous selection. Rare and imported wines made me feel like I was in a dream!! Connoisseur's Paradise!Prices- very, very reasonable......I choose Luigi Bosca Gala 2 (Mendoza) 2006 Wine Spectator rated 93 points for $49, great price. Retail store normally sells for $40 ish......It's a blend of Cabernet, Cabernet Franc and Merlot. Seductive at first, blackberries, toasty aromas, elegant with outstanding structure and a long velvety finish.......perfect with our cheese appetizer and entree. And they put it in a decanter to breathe. Wine glasses were awesome!Main Entree:Hubby had 16 oz. Ribeye with mushroom risotto.I chose the Filet with mashed potatoes with truffle oil. Eating to much red meat lately but there was no way I was going to order pasta at a Argentine restaurant. They always know how to make a great steak. I save pasta dishes for Italian restaurants. Both of our steaks were like butter in our mouth. Excellent flavor, cooked perfectly, both med-rare. Oh man, put a couple of good steak houses in the area to shame. His steak with the side was $22, and my filet with side was $26......what??? My filet was so big. I do not know how many ounces but there was no way I could finish, ate maybe half. Excellent!!My potatoes were great with the truffle oil. But hubby made me try his mushroom risotto. I ate half of his order. Normally do not like risotto, but oh wow this was so good. Perfect pieces of mushrooms, smooth, creamy, flavorful and it was such a treat for me. Loved it!!Ciro put my steak in a to go package for yay tonight.....We were so full, pleasantly full but I had to try their Coconut Flan. We shared and it was like everything else PERFECTO! See pictures...Ciro also brought out a Moscato dessert wine to go with our dessert, on the house. Very nice touch.Today, hubby and I have been talking all day saying how much we enjoyed our experience last night.Excellent on every single level.When we were leaving Hernan, the General Manager spoke with us for awhile. Great guy who knows how to run a fabulous restaurant. I told him we already can not wait to come back.Great place to take friends, relatives, visitors, nice quiet evening for the two of you. :)So enjoyed this great place. Until next time.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,10/18/2009,749,521,6,12,13>I've taken my kids to two of the productions at this theatre and each time has been excellent.  We went to see Pluft the Little Ghost one year and The Steadfast Tin Soldier another. There is something special and old world about going to a live play.  There is something even more special about passing on a love of live theatre to your kids.  This theatre company specializes in child friendly productions and puts on about four shows a year. Their 330 seat 'home' theatre is a renovated 1946 movie theatre with an authentic art deco lobby.  I say 'home'; theatre because the first show I saw by this troupe was in South Beach and it was there I signed up for their annual program which they mail to your home - mine arrived today which sparked this review.  This year they are focusing on performing in the Miami Shores theater which suits me fine because you don't have that nightmare of parking like you have in South Beach (took me 45 minutes last time to find parking near the theatre on Lincoln Road)Ticket prices are crazy reasonable...$15 per person.  And the shows are just long enough to hold the children's fascination (and believe me...they are fascinated by live theatre - moreso than at the movies) but not that long that the fidgets set in.  From the little experience I have had here, go early because the seats fill up fast.This season their new production I intend to go and see is Inanna and the Huluppu Tree.  It doesn't start until April 2009 so plenty of time to gather a Yelp possee :)If you have guests coming to visit with kids and you are at a loss for what to do with them this is a brilliant option.  Mind opening and fun!
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2009,10/17/2009,257,180,10,11,10>Oh man, went to Jake's last night with a friend after we attended our students' graduation and we tried the bone marrow and the deviled eggs...both were SO good. We only shared two appetizers because we had stuffed our faces with the quintessential post ceremony pastellitos and croquetas. We were both very pleased with our two small dishes though. The deviled eggs were heavenly! The had truffle oil, tasso which was cured in brown sugar, and the 3 eggs laid on a bed of roasted asparagus. The were the best deviled eggs I have ever had! The Bone marrow was quite the experience too! I had never had it, but had been hearing about it so much, that we decided to give it a try. I had never seen it on the menu here before and figured what the hec- might as well! Let me tell you, bone marrow is great! Yes, a little gelatinous, but delicious flavor!!! This came with a little salad of celery root and parsley- also very tasty! We washed down our yummy little plates with some nice cold Chimays and called it a night!OH!  FUNNY story- We walked in and saw a sign that said- Thursday Nights  = Cougar night!  Find out at the bar how to become part of the PRIDE! LOLTurns out that Thursday nights are goingto be catered to an older women's crowd (IE- just no babies/21 year olds) and women will drink free until 9 and then in a month or so they are going to do a 10:30PM+ happy hour with 1/2 off drinks and appetizers for everyone!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,10/16/2009,620,350,11,18,10>This Uni-K wax location has been blessed with popping my wax cherry. Congrats! I've never gotten a professional wax before, so I piggybacked on my friend's appointment and headed there with her on a Saturday afternoon.I had no idea what to expect, but the journey was short, and yes, painless.I only asked for an eyebrow and 'stache wax and I think I was in and out in 7 minutes. They used a green-colored wax that smelled nice as they poured it over my upper lip. It didn't sting, and pulling barely stung.I believe they used a tweezer for some stray hair on my eyebrows and I barely felt a thing.A couple minutes later, I was sent on my way feeling devirginized. I felt as if everyone was noticing my beautiful, shapely brows. I will be back!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,10/15/2009,355,72,9,10,11>Perricone's needs another review like I need a hole in my head, but I've got to give it props.  The story can't be any more romantic and nostalgic.  Established by Steven Perricone he started by locating a 300 year old barn in Vermont then having it dissassembled, shipped and rebuilt in downtown Miami.  Do I have your attention yet?  Just as the building was a labor of love, so too is every item on the menu that eventually finds its way onto your table.  The place doesn't cut corners and is so committed to quality, that they import all the "good stuff" and offer it for sale in their marketplace store.  I won't go on and on over the food as there are tons of reviews on the place of varying types, but you can probably see my tendency to give extra props for their dedication to the gastronomic sciences.  Everyone else may have written about the food and the service and that's all fine by me, but this establishment is more an Italian eatery, it is a landmark in every sense and one that I'll leave out some of the details in the hopes that you'll discover the unexpected whenever it is you choose to visit.  Check out their website if you like:perricones.com/story.htm
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,10/14/2009,269,332,7,17,8>If you are a tree hugging granola who is on a  raw food vegan/ vegetarian/ organic diet...you will meet fellow new age hippies here! It would be your heaven! :) I have always seen the Farmer's Market when I drove down to the Grove...it looked small and unimpressive from the road, but boy was I wrong! I took a nice stroll over...and I must say, this is unlike any farmer's market I have ever been!There was an insane variety of fresh fruit, vegetables, juices, dips, salads and goodies!!! There were durians (frozen but still good)..they had durians in packages so you know I picked one up! Fresh coconuts...perfect for a hot humid day! A lot of organic snacks and spices too! They had a salad bar area where you could pack to go..and one where I believe you could order a salad for immediate gratification! Non-dairy ice cream was available too...except I was being good. Definitely will try it next time!Tip-bits:First timers: get a price list from the cashiersBring your own bags so "the trees don't moan" when you use their paper bag.Some fruits that you can get at WF/FM for cheaper, so be selective!Credit cards acceptedDon't go toooooo crazy, it gets expensive quick!Rain or shine! :)
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,10/13/2009,944,946,5,11,10>Oh man.  I'd been hearing about Woody's for a while now, and since I was recently in the area (which is a very rare thing), I decided to pop in and sample one for myself.While I suppose the price for good food has gone up in these troubling economic times, you can still get a Steak Sandwich for under $6 ($5.49 plus tax, to be specific), and a combo (sanwich, side, and soda) for about $8, so it's as cheap as a fast food value meal any day of the week.The Steak Sandwich, called a "Philly Steak" on the menu, has onions, meat and provolone cheese.  You can switch up your cheese, and add peppers or other veggies for a few coins.  It's all grilled to perfection and loaded into an awesome hoagie roll.  What a great sandwich!  I wish I lived close enough to enjoy Woody's on a regular basis!!  Or even if they delivered down to midtown for my weekday lunches!  In my quest for the best Philly Cheesesteak in Miami, Woody's is definitely in the running!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2008,10/12/2009,77,119,9,15,11>Ladies--this is your stop after work and before your night on the town!Designer tops, pants, and dresses for Much LESS! It's nothing like Marshalls or Ross (I'm not discriminating). It's just a clothing outlet that carries brands like BCBG, Laundry, Ann Taylor, etc.. & cheap like $20.I don't know what kind of arrangement they have with the retail stores, but I hope it never ends. There is a good selection. Yes, you'll see some tacky things that obviously were not bought at the store for a reason. Also be on the look out for items with marks or stains. I will tell you this--- there has never been a time that I have walked out with nothing in my hands. At the very least, you will find that hot top for the evening. The great part about the clothes you buy there is that the items will last--I mean, they are name brand. I know you can find cheap clothes at a bunch of stores, but these items will not fall apart after one wash.It is in a very obscure location--a two story strip mall/ office building on Bird Road accross from Tropical Park. The place is filled with racks of clothes with barely any room to move. Easy parking and fitting rooms. You won't be bothered by sales people on commission. Stop in, grab, and go-- with more $$ in your purse for later.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,1/19/2014,587,1627,6,12,7>An Argentine neighborhood restaurant in a Haitian barrio - a cool and nice find!However, there's a few things that are enough for me to withhold the fifth star. 1) The service was slow toward the end and the food take quite a long while to come out, 2) the price point for the portions were a little too much for some things, especially the bife de chorizo (NY Strip), and 3) charging for still water.Honestly, I wouldn't mind if they charged $1 for filtered still water that is big enough for sharing, had this place been more affordable elsewhere in the menu. The NY Strip should not cost $19 considering that the sides were pretty small, in light of surrounding area and also competition, and that the cut itself was less than a pound. But I'm still giving it a good solid four stars because it did fill me up good, it was a great cut with no wasteful fat adding to its weight, and it was cooked tastefully and perfectly (it had an imparted flavor from the grill that was nice) - but I could not ignore what was going on with my pocketbook.I think I was noticing how skimpy some things were when they brought out a pretty sizable amount of bread but very little sauce to go with it. But at least it was a good filler starter before the meal that took a good 40 minutes to come out.But not everything was pricey - they do have some affordable things in the menu (although it seems like the highly-regarded octopus isn't one of them). The skirt steak salad was of a good portion and a decent price.The only thing I thought that might need improving is the butternut squash puree - it was good but I think it could be made better - maybe by adding more butter and garlic.Either way, I do think that I may return - just not as often as I would like to.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,1/18/2014,202,74,4,7,5>This little hidden gem has been in Miami Lakes for a while, and with reason because they are great! I've had a few things there and everything I've tried is pretty good. I must say, the experience here has been a pleasant one. There is one thing, though, that I've never tried and was really surprised by how good it was! This was today's choicesGarlic rolls- complementary, baked fresh to order. Good balance between garlic and grease!( I'm not being sarcastic, who doesn't  love that garlic grease!)Greek salad- Always good! Their Feta cheese was fresh and well proportioned on the salad. Dressing was Italian, but very good, not overly oilyMozzarella sticks- couldn't tell if they were made fresh, or frozen store bought, but they were really good! I didn't expect that since most places get store bought. The marinara  sauce they serve it with is delicious. Perfect balance of flavors, making it zesty but not heart burn later zesty! Lol Yum!Wings- Honestly, wasn't expecting this at all. I stay away from ordering wings at pizza joints because, let's face it, they're never good. These, however were seasoned and cooked perfectly! They're served with hot sauce and blue cheese, but you won't need them. The spices they use to season the wings is very good! (Wish I took a pic of these)Pizza- Pepperoni/Pepperoni & Meatball. Pepp. was great, they're cheese is good, not rubbery like other reviews have said and most importantly not overwhelmingly greasy. I asked mine to be a little toasted and it made it even better. Pizza sauce is sweet but still zesty enough for you to know it's tomato. This stuff is house made, no canned stuff. Very very good sauce!Service is always friendly, we were a big party with 3 kids and asked for a lot of stuff, and we were treated politely. Overall great experience at Ken n Mikes and will definitely go back!Enjoy!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,1/17/2014,141,121,8,10,6>This gem is a winner in my book and one of the few places I'd have absolutely no problem having more than once a week.  Nothing I've had from these little ladies has ever disappointed and they're incredibly memorable with their friendly service and prompt delivery( they are pretty adorable, I know it's not relevant to their food but I think it makes somewhat of a difference when you kinda want to hide them in your purse and have them around like personal hype women because their sweetness leaves a lasting impression... think FatMan Scoop meets the Harajuku girls but Thai.....too much?)  Thai is a dime a dozen in Miami and theirs is truly superb.  ATK pays special attention to the integrity of their ingredients and it definitely shows. I would of NEVER imagined such top notch meals coming from a small line in the back of a Kwik Stop but these little geniuses have single handedly put many places to shame!  The food is delicious and the presentation is lovely- definitely not the runny eye sores I've grown accustomed to when I order curries and the subsequent fat girl guilt.I highly recommend a Tiger Tear salad to compliment anything you order because the pleasant burn and leafy green bite it offers is the perfect amount of roughage to balance any of their savory curries.Their duck??? Just get the duck... I love texture, its so rich it's almost criminal to not have it crispy- make sure you order enough.Their satays are divine... their soups are a definite must if you're under the weather and if you're not....i guess now is a great time to brush up on your hypochondriac skills because  every little  container has the right amount of herbs that can rival a day at the Turkish Baths having someone beat you with branches.There is never such a thing as over ordering- if your leftovers make it past 3am fridge raids and you have the willpower to save stuff for lunch the next day you have my respect.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,1/16/2014,336,556,9,12,9>Their cheeseburger topped with a fried egg is food art at its finest- 4 stars.I came here on a fluke because I was walking around burning stress, and what do I find in front of my beloved Bangkok Bangkok-- The Local Craft Food and Drink. I saw the logo, and it was quite trendy being all pure black which provided me with an emo feeling in my belly, but as I stepped into this magical wonderland of liquor, cocktail drinks, and menu items that were all created with attention and detail, I knew I was in for a treat-- the type of treat that would burn a hole in your pocket, of course, but what can you expect from a restaurant located off Miracle Mile.The first thing I noticed as I crept in was that there is a huge blackboard at the side of their bar which lists their daily specials. I noticed they only had dinner specials, so I was quite disappointed, since it was lunch time, and there was no lunch specials (subtract one star). I was given a menu by the host, and I noticed it was quite bare and consisted of only around 15 items, at the most (+1 for the friendliness of the host-- I felt very welcome; -1 for the lack of menu items). Although the menu may have seemed minimal, you could tell each menu item was created with attention to detail. I ordered a medium-well cheeseburger, and as they presented it to me, it oozed burger juice as if it were ready to burst. The fried egg I got for an extra amount was made perfectly and oozed yolk as you cut into it. Heavenly yellow nectar that could only be made by the finest egg aficionados. The side of fries I received were crisp. For a whopping $23 (including tip), I enjoyed my meal. It left me with a smile in my face, but I could not help wonder if I would ever purchase a $23 burger again.The Local Craft Food & Drink has a rock vibe to it as they play classic rock in the background. It is the type of place I would go get a drink after work-- and maybe a sandwich, but hey, I got to save money for another rainy day and adventure around Miracle Mile.Superlative earned: "Best Underground Place to Jam to Rock Music, Spend Money, and Get a Little Hammered"
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,1/15/2014,398,313,7,11,7>I was amazed at the attentive service and the breathtaking views of the water.  Immediately when you sit down, you are given some fresh aged Parmesan cheese, vinegar, tomatoes, and bread to make bruschetta and some fried zucchini chips. We had at least 4 different waiters accommodating us and after our waiter named the specials of the day from memory(which took like 10 minutes) we went with a couple of the specials and the grilled octopus appetizer! I ordered the lobster ravioli and my date had the shrimp and crab risotto. Both dishes were amazingly fresh and delicious!  I honestly liked the risotto more than my lobster dish but didn't want to steal all of my date's shrimps... I had to play it cool.  So we ended up packing up our leftovers and I somehow ended up with her leftovers in my fridge too! I don't know how that happened... ;). We had a reservation at 7:00 on a Saturday and had no trouble getting seated. Miami-ans start late. It got packed at 8:00.  The valet was pretty quick and is $7 for dinner.  This place is very pricey but worth it for those special occasions.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,1/14/2014,211,327,4,6,7>Stumbled upon this place with a good friend and co worker by my a recommendation that the brunch was good but came way too late for brunch and wanted to give dinner a try. Our server Dwight was funny and sweet. Probably one of the nicest server in Miami and very attentive.  The food was good and drinks were ok. The atmosphere was kind of chill and service was excellent.What we had..My drink; Lychee strawberry martini (2/5) - it was ehh..way too strong.. A good drink is where there is a right amount of alcohol and mix that you don't taste the alcohol but know its not watered down.His drink: Asian equation (2/5) - same as aboveShared app: chorizo Mac and cheese (4/5) Delicious and had a nice kick to it. It could of been more cheesier in my opinion but I enjoyed itMy main course: catch of the day red snapper (5/5) I thought it was really fresh and well prepared and the sauce was not overpowering. I did not find it oily at all.His main course: lasagna (4/5) it was really good but I have to take a star off that it was kind of burnt but tasted homemadeDessert: Nutella stuffed French toast ala mode with syrup on the side (you have to ask for it ala mode and with syrup...totally worth it) (5/5) it was like the best of two world brunch item for dessert. Really hit the sweet spot.Our server must of read our minds as we were enjoying our entree actually he saw our drinks were empty and brought out my friend a nice cold beer and me a Chardonnay which was what I was thinking of wanting to go with our meal.Overall (4/5) will be back for brunch and will ask for Dwight again. He's such a funny sweet server.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,1/13/2014,104,56,6,9,8>I don't just "like" pork, I am obsessed and would have absolutely no problem sacrificing my heart to congenital failure if it meant I could devour it every day without the slightest bit of guilt. So the powers that may be heard this wish and placed Swine in my proverbial path making all things good and right in the world.I went for brunch with my mother and was greeted by hospitality and a menu with enough pork options to make the smallest bacon enthusiast's heart palpitate with glee. First off, and throwing caution to the wind, two drinks were ordered to cleanse the palate. I ordered the "Mexican state of Mind" which was infused with jalapenos and other godly love and the matriarch ordered a twist off of a mojito- both were delectably delicious where one was just not enough. Finishing our cocktails and being sure that it was 5 somewhere in the world we ordered two more (with a little peer pressure as my mother isn't much of a drinker). For brunch I ordered the BLT Benedict which oozed with perfectly poached eggs and bite-fulls of buttermilk biscuits and bacon- it had a side dish of something green which was mostly ignored because, well BACON! The mother ordered the Morning Quiche which was light, flaky, cheesy but without being too heavy and rich- harmony in a quiche is a beautiful thing. It was hard to converse while stuffing our faces because everything was so damn delicious.I would make comment on the decor but again it's hard to notice how swanky Swine is when your immersed in a symphony of sin that is the Warm Sticky Icky Bun that has CANDIED BACON, yes- CANDIED BACON. I don't even eat sweets but our servers Jason and Marcelo were put on earth to provide the best service possible supplying us this gift from god ON THE HOUSE. So, if you love southern comfort food with a twist of all things pig come to Swine and be enveloped in a warm fuzzy zone of bacon delights and service with a southern smile.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,1/12/2014,763,459,3,7,7>I just KNEW that Juvia would turn things around! I must have went on an off-night when I wrote my last review. So the past week some friends and I had gone to Juvia for a drink or two and so last night when I had a business meeting, I suggested Juvia. The wait staff was awesome...very attentive and the manager even came over to make sure everything was okay (Jaime). It's sad to say but it's very rare that a restaurant in Miami has a manager that actually cares what patrons think about the restaurant. When he came over to the table I was pleasantly shocked to say the least.I started out with a glass of some type of red wine blend that they said was a Spanish blend similar to a Rioja. Did someone say Rioja? They MUST have known that was my weakness. For being the cheapest wine by the glass ($10) I was quite impressed. I was looking for something really dry and boy did it deliver. Definitely try out this blend, very tasty and had a nice kick to it.On to the food...We started out with the shrimp ceviche. Wow. I make my own ceviche and I am very critical of any dish at a restaurant that I can make better at home. I hate to say it, but I definitely can't make that at home! MMMMMM it was SO good. Very light and refreshing. It didn't have the typical sauce it had a little kick  to it which was unique and different.I also started with a side salad (with extra dressing which is my favorite) and of course had the steak (again can't remember what it's called but it's a tender piece of meat very similar to a filet mignon). It was prepared to perfection...literally to the point where I kept eating it even though I was SOO full (and was still trying to save room for dessert). I was about to burst while taking my last bite.My friend had the Branzino that was on special (with mango). It was absolutely to die for. I kept sneaking bites as the sauce that was on that fish...truly addicting! I definitely have to come back when they are offering that on special again. Or pssst maybe they can add it to the menu full-time. It was THAT good.For dessert, the chocolate candy bar. Ahhhhhh. I wish it wasn't so good! But it is. So of course I had to have it. Seriously, as I've said before, such a perfect blend of peanuts with chocolate without being too heavy or too smooth. This is also a MUST try.Ended with my favorite tea which is hard to find in the states anywhere.I brought my business partner here and literally his jaw dropped. He was all like "How does something like this exist in South Beach and I have never known about it?" Juvia is truly one of the most unique restaurants in South Beach. The design is breathtaking. The food is good if you know what to order and the cocktails are surprisingly very consistent. My favorite is the pineapple martini which can be very dangerous (it's SO delicious). I also really like how they INFORM YOU that the tip is included. I really really really like that. Any other restaurant would give you the bill and hope and pray to whatever they worship that you don't notice the tip is included so they can get double tipped. Not Juvia.If you are looking for a unique place to dine, definitely go to Juvia. I can now safely say again that this my favorite restaurant in South Beach.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,1/11/2014,158,150,2,10,6>Two Fridays ago I was driving down 7th street in Little Havana and spotted a stray kitten on the sidewalk that was about to hobble her way down to the street where I'm sure she would have met with a terrible fate (what looked to be like her sibling had already been hit and killed a few feet away from her). I pulled over, grabbed her and rushed to the nearest vet which happened to be Brickell Animal Hospital.In the 8 minutes it took me to get there, the kitten shat all over my pants and arm. I walked into the hospital with diarrhea all over me (not a good look) and kindly asked the lady at the front desk if a Dr. could check the kitten out to make sure hadn't been hit or wasn't severely injured. Fast forward to half a role of wet paper towel used and half an hour later, Dr. Wilbur inspected the kitten, had a vet tech wash her off and sent us home with some cans of kitten food. Unfortunately, the kitten's health began to deteriorate soon after the initial visit and I had to take her back to see what was wrong. My fears were confirmed when Dr. Wilbur told me she had parvo and had a very slim chance of surviving. It completely broke my heart because I had already grown attach to the kitten but Dr. Wilbur did something that I would have NEVER imagined a vet doing. She knew that hospitalizing the kitten would be too costly for me and her prognosis wasn't good so she offered to take the kitten in under her care at no expense to me to try to get her past the parvo illness. If she were to make a full recovery then she would hand her back over to me.This act of kindness speaks volumes about Dr. Wilbur's personality professionally speaking and as a human being. I can't say enough positive things about her and her staff. I HIGHLY recommend that you take your pet to Brickell Animal Hospital. They care and take their jobs seriously and one can't ask for more when it comes to taking care of their pets. If you ever read this, Dr. Wilbur, know that Chris, Delilah and I appreciate you beyond words.*As for the kitten, she is still not out of the woods but we have our fingers crossed that she will make it.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,1/10/2014,158,324,8,14,11>Can't believe I never wrote about this place as I've been visiting for over 10 years.  Maybe I just want to keep it hidden.  I've been visiting when that sushi corner used to be a video rental area and the lovely lady now helping her dad makes sushi was a little girl watching Crayon Shin Chan.So, I went there last week as I need to buy some udon, and they have the best udon I can find in Miami.  Also picked up some shiso leaves as it's hard to come by elsewhere.  They also have sashimi in their frozen section should you want to make sushi at home, bath salts formulated after hot springs in Japan, authentic Japanese snacks that will make anyone who've been to Japan says "Natsukashii!!" Batter mix for takoyaki and okonomiyaki, sweet matcha powder for making green tea frappa or green tea ice cream.  Japanese bread and vegetables flown in once or twice a month.  This place also has the only Japanese bookstore in Miami.  It's used books only, mostly fiction, some travel/living guide (to U.S.) ,  self help, hobbies, and an occasional manga or two.Some of the freezers have been removed to put more tables in.  The sushi business is undoubtedly blooming, and I do agree this is the best place in Miami for sushi.  You are welcome to go grab some drink, even sake, from the coolers to enjoy with your sushi.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,10/17/2008,83,129,5,11,7>I love rock fish. My friend introduced me to it one december night, and its by far one of my favorite local places.  The owner is really nice and always up for a little chat. and besides being friendly and welcoming the food is really good too. Their Cheese fries and fried mushrooms are really great if you are in the mood for an appetizer, but here i usually skip out on them since we're usually not that hungry when we go...I usually get the buffalo chicken basket. They come in hot med mild, all with a home made rock fish sauce. The basket includes your standard celery and bleu cheese, and thier slightly seasoned french fries. I love it. I usually get them hot but when im in an extra spice mood i just pull over the box of hot sauces that they have that you can use to add on to any food (one even has a spice disclaimer.. i think its called 100% pain...i still havent tried that one. eeks!) I've had their burgers and i still cant find any fault....burbon bbq and bacon.. delish!  Dessert.. brownie sundae anyone? I love it when im in the mood for it. It always hits the spot..Oh oh oh, and i almost forgot this is the only place thats not McDonalds that i have been to that serves a sweet tea. Its not exactly like a true "southern sweet tea" but its still really good and puts up some competition.  (btw....and for you dr. pepper fans out there... they have that too!)so all in all 5 stars, good food, good people, good prices... cant go wrong
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2008,10/16/2008,5,15,4,6,6>I really like this diner... Portions are good sized and the food is homey and tasty.  The milkshakes and smoothies are great!  I recommend the sandwiches and fajitas.I've only gone during the day so I've had not problems with loud music.  The waitresses are all young, as as some other reviewers have mentioned, the service is not always great.  It's not bad though...we keep coming back!Also, if you spend $6pp, you can get $6 tickets for the Regal Cinema next door.   What a deal!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2007,10/15/2008,190,45,4,5,6>Don't be scared! The place has not been renovated since 1966. The man who serves you was 20 years old when the parlor opened and his father who is 90 years old still goes everyday to work. The first thing that caught my eye was the churro making contraption peeking out the window. That is what drew me in. These churros are long pieces of dough that are dropped into scorching oil and fried. Cuban churros are typically thin and short. They are normally placed in a double lined brown bag. sugar is then poured in and then shaken vigoursly. No cinnamon, no extrsa, just sugary   goodness. They also have an assortment of Caribbean ice creams like mango and mamey. The special treat is their coco glace. It's a small coconut that has been cut in half and the meat is scooped out the prepared into a coconut ice cream, its then placed back into the hollowed out half coconut shell. I did not try it but my friend said it was amazing, even for someone who does not like coconut dishes. I will try it next time, i was just too busy with the churros. :)
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,10/14/2008,9,5,7,7,7>I love how when it comes to Mexican food, only  REAL Mexicanos and Texans have a valid opinion.The truth is that they are right. Nothing can beat a genuine taqueria or taco truck. Nothing can surpass the many different regional flavors and cuisines that Mexico has to offer to the American palate. That said...I still enjoy this place. I am originally from Los Angeles and I have travelled all over Mexico,although I do not  feel like I am an expert. It is not 100% authentic Mexican or even Tex-Mex for that matter. Face it, it's for gringos like me.It simply reminds me of the old days back home when my dad would take our  family for a good meal at a "Mexican" place that had the mariachis, a good margarita,lots of colorful pinatas and pictures of Pancho Villa, dancing senoritas and cholos on the walls. That is where I like to eat when I have family in town or I when I want to have a good time with my wife and my baby girl.  To me, the food is "comfort food". I like pretty much everything including the skirt steak, the guacamole,the enchiladas,flautas and so on. The carnitas are pretty greasy and are ok. I have yet to try the pescado dishesPlease do not order ground beef tacos. That is sooooo Taco Bellian.  Try carne asada instead. Stick with the green tomatillo sauces and ranchero sauces especially on the chimichangas(make sure to ask for additional cheese and crema on top). And for the love of The Great Lime In The Sky, drink the Dos Equis or Negro Modelo, not Corona. As for service, i haven't had a bad server yet and my wife can be very picky and specific with her orders. If there is a mistake with your order, just smile and be nice about it and you will get exactly what you wanted in a few minutes.  Don't be a pinche gringo!!!!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2008,10/13/2008,259,519,3,8,5>This is THE Cuban restaurant in Miami. The service here is always phenomenal. The waiters are always  friendly and professional. And they can recommend something for you if you've never had Cuban food before.This Cuban recommends the bistec empanizado (breaded steak- chicken or meat) white rice, and the platanos maduros (fried sweet plantains). There are a couple of Cuban restaurants in Miami that will serve up food just as good as Versailles, but you can't beat the atmosphere here. This place has been around over 30 years and has an Old Havana feel to it, and there is always a strong local crowd inside having dinner, and standing out by the window enjoying a cafe.I've heard that they have a really good Sunday brunch.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2008,10/12/2008,62,28,5,6,5>Right on the Miami River. Imagine back in the 70s and 80s all the illicit activity that occurred on those docks...! Awesome conch steak and fish dip. Usually pretty packed but they opened up a seating area upstairs to lighten up the load and you'll enjoy an old world decor that takes you back in time. There's a fish market at the entrance that serves up some fresher than fresh fish for purchase. Very latin staff so any spanish that you may know will be helpful but not completely necessary. By the looks of the crowd there are families, couples and folks that possibly haven't made it home yet from the night before! I highly recommend waiting a few more minutes to be seated right on the water so you can feel the breeze on your face. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2008,10/11/2008,9,8,2,7,7>Nestled near the bounderies of SOFI.The Abraxas Lounge sets itself in a league of it's own.Their is an impressive variety of imported beers available on tap and bottle.I recommand this place to wine lovers.It's the perfect place to unwind on the lower end of south beach.What I liked the most,the wooden floors and the comfy couches which puts me in the mood of great conversation and good laughs.The ambience is truly special due to the mood lightening, extensive music play list and great bartenders.Ask for Alissia,she'll take care of you.Cheers!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2008,10/10/2008,24,15,6,8,9>In this affected, showy, glitzy, ever-morphing sprawl of a city, you have to be thankful for a place like Churchill's, the ultimate anti-Miami.  Yes, it's grimy, it's smelly, it's loud, and it's really not in the safest part of town.  It features, even after some semblance of a renovation and the addition of an extra women's stall, the dirtiest bathrooms known to man.  And after a long night in its bowels (sticking with the toilet theme, sorry), in a drunken 4 a.m. stupor, you'll want nothing more than to run home and dive into your shower to wash off its particular smoky, greasy funk -- after paying the "parking attendants" (sketchy locals) a second time for supposedly watching your car in the otherwise free lot.All negatives aside, for lovers of the colorful neighborhood dive, Churchill's couldn't get any better.  It has an undeniable, rascally charm, from the ancient double-decker bus in the parking lot, to the caricature of Sir Winston himself glowering on the wall above the entrance, to the makeshift stage and well-worn bar and occasional jar of Frankenstein pickled eggs.   Churchill's is also the most generous patron of local bands in Miami, hands-down.  Through the years, the pub has played host and home base to scrappy punk bands, experimental and noise acts like the Laundry Room Squelchers, and homegrown festivals like Hialeah Fest and Night of the Weirds.  It's also a venue for lesser-known and outright oddball out-of-town acts like Quintron & Miss Pussycat (back again in November) and Scott Biram.  I'm not entirely sure how the booking aspect works, but if you've got an instrument and a hankering to play for a small crowd, I can nearly guarantee Churchill's won't turn you down.The crowd is almost the best part of the place.  On any given night, you'll find tattooed and leather-encased punks, Design District types, loyal old-time patrons, soccer fans (there's always a soccer match playing on the bar tvs), indie kids, and bewildered neighborhood residents all mingling together.  People hanging out here are unfailingly good-natured and welcoming, from the crowd to the bartenders.  And why wouldn't they be?  The drinks are cheap, the music is always entertaining (if not always great), the peoplewatching (and conversation) is way better than on Lincoln Road, and the atmosphere is completely unpretentious.  All of this has remained fairly constant for the past 30 years, which is pretty amazing in a town where businesses simultaneously open and close and reinvent, a town of chameleons.So thanks to Churchill's for keeping Miami a little more sane, and for keeping it real.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2008,10/9/2008,75,118,3,3,4>I have been here twice and last night the service was much better. We were hungry but not starving so we started with two oysters each, split the risotto with rock shrimp and the side of brussel sprouts with pancetta, it was a perfect combo. The menu is divided into small, medium, large and extra large plates. Risotto is under the medium category, perfect for sharing. The side is plenty for two people. Michael's location is attractive, the interior space can seem to be a little tight. We were a party of 2 without a reservation. We could have sat inside but I believe the mission was to fill the inside so we were placed directly next to another party of two. Close quarters, not bad but a little annoying when the conversation from this other table was very audible. We easily could have asked to move so it's no ones fault but our own.Attentive servers and attractive decor, red, black, brown, shimmer. Prices are good considering the quality of food offered. I will go back in a heartbeat. The menu is extremely varied. Apparently their pork bellies come from a farm up north that specializes is excellently tasting pork bellies. YEAH!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,10/7/2008,944,946,3,7,5>Miami Children's Museum is great - not only for kids, but for adults too!  I went recently with 2 other adults & a not-quite-4-year-old.  We all had a blast!  Currently, they have a big exhibit about sports and the Olympics, including a bounce-house, which is always a big hit for the kids.  The cruise ship exhibit is very neat, as is the bank, as well as Publix.  At the bank, there are coins from various countries embedded in the counter-top, and plenty of crayons and colored pencils to make rubbings on.  Other neat exhibits are the Worlds of Music and Art.  In the music exhibit,  you can do karaoke, and have the option to buy your loving recording at the end of your visit.  At the art exhibit, you can create your own masterpieces all while learning about art in various media, and all time periods.  There's also a booth where you can have your photo taken and turned into a work of art, shown through 6 different styles of painting.  It's very cool.I'd definitely recommend MCM to any family on vacation, or anyone with a kid.  They might look at you funny if you showed up with anyone under the age of 16.  Prices are the same for adults and kids - $12 each.  Not too shabby considering Jungle Island across the way is $30 a person!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,11/11/2011,100,59,3,10,6>Another brainchild from Michelle Bernstein, this is a lovely cafe/bakery hidden inside the atrium of the building at 3950. The decor is homely with different chairs and drink cups for example, mismatching chairs, sofas, couches and long tables (think Martha Stewart). Everything is baked daily and you can definitely taste it, some items are even baked by Michelle's mother Martha. The food menu changes daily and is SUPER affordable; like our $5 Southern Tomato Salad w/ red onions, corn, arugula, avocado, tomatoes and blue cheese. I also had the Seared Rare Tuna Sandwich w/ spicy pickled cucumbers and kim chee aioli with some chips for $10.50 (the most expensive thing on the menu believe it or not). We ended with a slice of pear and fig cake that was too die for! If I had more cash, I would have bought the whole cake and bring it back to work (it's cash only - hopefully it's short term).Crumb will definitely become a hot spot for breakfast, lunch and meetings with its affordable prices, ambience, great tasting menu options and free wi-fi.FYI They now take credit cards with a fancy iPod thing-a-ma-jig.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,11/10/2011,1130,144,9,8,12>This is definitely one of my favorite bakery's in Miami. It is the typical Cuban spot, complete with the little old men in the corner drinking Cuban coffee, playing some little card game on a machine and checking out every woman that walks in.. but besides that During breakfast and lunch hours the place can get packed, but that is because the Cuban ladies working there know how to whip up some delicious Cuban food. Prices are really reasonable and portions are big. The pastelito de guayaba fino (very little pastry) is so good because its not so much of the flakey stuff and more of the gooey stuff. They sell these DELICIOUS Dulce de leche candies there, for the life of me i cannot remember the name this morning but they are small circular light brown in color ( they look and taste like Dulce de leche) and they cost less than 1$. I always buy two because one is just not enough. (try them if you have a major sweet tooth and you will fall in love)Lastly croqueta preparada/ or juevos revuelto con jamon and french fries  along with fresh squeezed O.J = perfect hangover remedy(they do take out) Thank me later
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,11/9/2011,98,163,8,18,6>Greek grub foodies, listen up: Egg & Dart is legit. I went to the soft opening last night and this place rocks.As a fellow Greek, I know Greek food. I can't be fooled with the stuff that comes out of a can or frozen or day's old. In fact, my mama cooks such great Greek food, I find it hard to enjoy Greek restaurants 100%. But the Greek dudes (Costa & Niko) behind Egg & Dart know their stuff because they hail from my fave Greek restaurant, Maria's Greek Restaurant, on Coral Way.Located in the former home of Q in the Design District, the restaurant in rustic yet chic. All-white walls, polished concrete floors and glass pendant lamps ooze a sweep-my-away-to-Santorini vibe.I had the zucchini balls, cheese pies and caviar spread atop fresh toast. All were truly authentic and up there with my mama's cooking (don't tell her THAT.)This Greek girl couldn't be happier about this much-needed addition to the Upper East Side. Opa!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,11/8/2011,1381,665,11,9,11>Dear Peacock Park,How writing this review has eluded me for so many years is actually quite baffling.  But alas, I digress so here it goes.  :)Over the years I can attribute a few amazing memories being here...   My first real love's kiss (I was 16); attending a plethora of concerts, festivals, bazaars, and the like; CGAF; soccer & rugby games (as a spectator, of course)...  The list does continue, but why would I want to bore anyone with those details? ;-)Anyhoo, you rock, Peacock Park!  For the most part your park is clean and kept up well, although after the big events you're full of trash and litter (people suck, I know).  There's a large field for the events and games, and you have a small area that has swing sets and a playground for the kids.  Being located next to the Bay is also a major plus - BEAUTIFUL views and sunsets.A good choice for anyone needing a nice, wide open space and some clean, fresh air.  Perfection...Love,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,11/7/2011,323,315,13,17,13>Hmmm...I really feel like I can't even remember how long I've been hearing that I absolutely HAD to check out the Democratic Republic of Beer.  Finally on Friday I was able to make it happen!  What was described to me as a humid school bus with ample beer selection, turned out to be pretty much as advertised, cramped for sure, but I actually really liked the whole atmosphere.  Dim, dark and cozy, with bordeaux red walls, mirrors and cool music to set the mellow scene.  If you are lucky enough to snag a table you probably will be practically on your neighbor's lap, however there is also some comfortable worn in sofas as an alternative by the front window.      As for the beer menu?  WOW!  You can go with their specials (any kind of pumpkin beer always makes me feel like I'm sipping Fall in a glass), but if you're looking for something in particular or to try something new from their comprehensive list, then I'd highly recommend picking a country (which is how the beers are organized) and going for something you just can't find at your average Publix cooler.  Lucky for me I had some expert help in deciding on a La Chouffe, which may be the perfect light drink for those hot Florida nights (plus the bottle comes with an extra creative label, which always endears me a little more).  Depending on who's working the bar, you should be able to get it served in the proper glass to allow optimal drinking experience.     Close to Vagabond, but not too much else, not sure I'd pack myself in like a sardine on a regular basis but it's definitely a must stop if you're in the area and looking for a good beer!   Supposedly they have food, but I didn't actually try it so I can't judge.  Miami definitely has it's share of ubiquitous Irish pubs and hole in the walls with limited selection.  DRB is a refreshing alternative!  Cheers!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,11/5/2011,151,175,6,11,11>By now everyone knows Sports Grill has the best wings in Miami. The "special grill" recipe simply cannot be beat. Their cheese fries are excellent even though you'll need an angioplasty when you're done. But thank teenage Jesus they have opened a new location that does not require people to venture out to Kendall. I've been to all of the Sports Grill locations and this one has the best bar. They have a full liquor license and the bar itself has a long U-shape with the bartenders in the middle. This way you can meet and start talking sports with fellow patrons (which Is what a sports bar should be about). The selection of beer is very good - Brooklyn and Crispin are some of the microbrews available.  There is also an outdoor patio facing Sunset Drive so you can chill outside if you're not into watching the game. There are a lot of HD flatscreens and local sports teams logos adorn the walls. I predict this place is going to be packed for Hurricanes games with the campus so close. This location is long overdue and great to see in the neighborhood!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,11/4/2011,83,148,8,13,9>The chef/owner of this trattoria will openly admit that when he left for Italy to study their cuisine, the only kind of culinary experience he had (or was passionate about) was barbecue. "I didn't even know what a truffle was," he told my table last night. Which, considering the neighborhood - that warehouse-heavy stretch out by Tamiami Airport, where sad looking people sell 'Canadian shrimp" and "Puppy Dogs and American Blue Jeans" openly out on the side of the road - a grill-happy half-Venezuelan at the helm of a Northern Italian restaurant seems suiting...in a bad way. Not to mention, the name alone is a clusterfuck of Italian clichés. But, apparently, this owner/chef (who also happens to be half Sicilian) let his inner Italian loose when he encountered the cryptic truffle because when that ingredient was infused into a cream sauce that topped four, delicate ricotta and pear stuffed raviolis that were cut by my fork and stuck then into my pie-hole last night, it was like a Berlusconi Bunga Bunga orgy of awesome in my mouth.The plate of pasta was not glutton-friendly, but, each bite was a lot like some super, secret sexy time going down on my tongue. This with a decent bottle of Pinot Noir (yes, their house red isn't anything to write home about but putting down a restaurant that's pumping out quality food for its wine in this kind of McDonald's and Sergio's-heavy neighborhood seems downright lame) made my meal pretty satisfying and memorable. I came with my family; my dad had the veal special which he described as "tender, thick, and mouthwatering" and my sister and mom both got the sea bass. I tried a few bites of the bass and felt that my ravioli trumped the fish although the bass portion was pretty large and had this really tasty Dijon mustard glaze going for it.After dinner we all got a round of chilled homemade limoncellos which, thanks to the combo of citrusy syrupiness and sweet, sweet booze, really warmed the soul. Service-wise we had a very good experience. The waiters were gregarious and were on top of everything - glasses of water were always full, a new bread basket would appear before even asking for one, the owner even grabbed the bottle of wine from my hand at one point and poured me a glass while he was in the middle of telling us a story. My parents came the week before and said the service was equally stellar. This place has only been open for about six months so I'm figuring all the bad experiences other Yelpers may have had occurred during their first few hiccup months. And in regards to the owner going off on some poor waitress for not knowing how to open up a bottle of wine or not knowing whether Merlot is red or white, sure, it was unprofessional. But opening a new restaurant is pretty stressful, and honestly, I don't really blame him for losing his temper. If you're a server, that's kind of like Serving 101 unless you work at some low-grade joint where most beverages come c/o a soda fountain.  But then again, maybe I'm just biased because I love seeing a little-restaurant-that-could, with reasonable prices and high expectations for itself, in a neighborhood regarded with the same kind of unfair disdain Miamians throw at Hialeah or Doral. It's just nice to see someone trying to create something outside of Midtown.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,11/3/2011,95,107,11,19,15>You haven't truly experienced what the Miami club scene is all about until you have experienced the spectacle that is LIV at the Fontainebleau. The entire night will be an experience in and of itself and I'll explain why. I've attended LIV on several occasions to see big name DJ's such as Fedde Legrand, Sebastian Ingrosso, Axwell, Ferry Corsten, Cedric Gervais, and Kaskade. Every single one of those nights was amazing and provided memories that I'll never forget. But I can give you a preview of what to expect when you get a chance to go. I'll tell you its' a huge rush when you know you are about to get into the hottest spot to party in all of South Florida. First off, you are going to have to get there early. Much earlier than you would normally arrive at a "regular" club. The Fontainebleau lobby rapidly becomes a sea of beautiful people sporting their their best outfits, nicest shoes, and wearing their coolest jewelry. Even if you aren't going in, the crowd of people is a show in its own right. Another thing you are going to have to do is wait. Even if you know someone at the door, the priority goes to the statuesque models, big money bottle poppers, and Miami socialites. Once you get in you arrive at the main staircase, you can't help but be in awe of this place. There are LED lights on the ceiling, sky boxes overlooking the main dance floor, DJ booth directly below you, and a massive dance floor directly in front of you. There is even a big screen across from the DJ booth that usually displays the DJ's name among other cool graphics. The sound system here is amazing as well. The bass is incredible and can be heard perfectly no matter where you are. Add to that an amazing DJ and it's a can't miss recipe for having an awesome night. There are bars on either side of the dance floor as well as another one on the second level. They pour premium vodka standard on all cocktails unless you specify otherwise. This also comes at a premium price. But when you go to LIV, that is to be expected. You are going to have a great time anyways so at the end of the day, if you had fun, the splurge becomes well worth it. One thing I try to do is limit my time here to only coming for big DJ's. If I came here every time I went out I'd become extremely spoiled and all other clubs would fail in comparison. Sometimes the more intimate club settings can be just as fun. I kind of see LIV as a treat every once in a while when I really feel like going all out. So if you want to party at what I consider to be the best club in the U.S., go to LIV!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,11/2/2011,620,350,4,11,13>Pumpkinhead on tap, delicious burgers, great tomato soup and a friendly bearded man as your server. What more can you ask for? And great news... looks like they're starting to open on Saturdays more regularly!The Filling Station is another great lunch spot with a huge menu that makes you want to order anything and everything. I opted for:- Tomato & basil soup - not sure if its on the menu, but its a must-order- Steve's "Respect" mobile burger - amazing burger, pulled pork and jerk bbq sauce. The side of tator tots were addictive,To be honest, this place was 5 stars before I even had my food. We felt very welcome and at home here. The staff and even the patrons were friendly and nice to be around. The Filling Station just seems like a cool place to hang out and have a few beers.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,11/1/2011,271,113,32,26,23>There's an incredible sense of freedom that comes along with stripping away layers of clothing and baring it all. Take it all off or take off a little at the Nudie beach in Haulover Park.I've been coming here, with my Boys, for about a year or so. I've never been less than topless. Plus...those dudes don't wanna see my milkshakes. But seriously? Nobody cares! It's a terribly friendly atmosphere where anything goes. And anything does. Anything is usually wrinkled and leathery, sometimes with piercing in the nether regions. But Alas, Anything is anything but offensive.I've come here with boys, girls and even little babies. The veterans wish you a friendly "mazeltov" and let you go about your business. By business, I mean sun- bathing, drinking, voguing or whatevs. Parties erupt here all the time. Especially in the late afternoon hours. This is the friendliest most peaceful beach I've been to in a long time. The water is delicious. And the waves are as flirty as the sun-worshipping visitants. Come equipped with sunbrellas, ipods, coolers full of libations and snacks as well as an adventurous spirit and you are bound to have an amazing time.You will see schlong, you will see ass, you will see tits, you will see snatch. But they'll all be too busy sunning their bits to pay attention to yours.6 dollars to park but you can play all day, the nudie way.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,3/31/2011,723,1088,5,12,16>We have been celebrating small victories in the Cycling scene in Miami in the past few years. Spearheaded by a visionary Mayor from the City of Miami, we saw the Bike Miami Days yelp.com/user_details_re…  come to life, we have also seen exponential growth in popular rides such as the Critical Mass Ride -  yelp.com/biz/miami-criti…  and being named by Bicycling Magazine in the top 50 most friendly cycling cities in America and its inclusion into their social experiment, the Bike Town USA program bicycling.com/news/featu…Now Miami joins the ranks of some world class cities with the arrival of DecoBike ; a bike sharing and rental program similar to those in Paris, Vienna and Barcelona. DecoBike is currently rolling out stations in Miami Beach and it is expected to have around 100 conveniently located, solar powered stations around town with 1000 bicycles available to the public.In a tourist destination such as Miami Beach, this is a great program for visitors and residents alike. The ubiquitously located bike stations will allow local residents to commute to work, run errands or simply get around town, in a very simple and convenient manner.The user friendly system allows visitors and tourists to get around town in a very practical, economical and convenient manner. No need to worry about carrying a huge lock with you to secure your bike to a post and risk idle fingers or worse yet, have it stolen. With Deco Bike, you can drop off the bike at one of their stations and when you are ready to continue your journey, simply pick up another bike and carry on.I am an enthusiast supporter of DecoBike and have no doubt that we will see some pretty impressive numbers in terms of bicycle safety, increased commuting and healthier lifestyles being posted as a result of it.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,3/30/2011,365,232,9,19,16>"THE BEST TURKEY SANDWICH I'VE EVER HAD." That's not a quote from me; that's from one of the guests at an event I was responsible for planning. It was a humongous group, I had a lot on my mind, and hearing those words from a person with "very high standards" was music to my ears. JoAnna's made me look good, and for that, I'm eternally grateful. I've ordered from JoAnna's for two events and both times the entire experience has been stellar! The staff is knowledgeable, kind, and helpful, the prices are fair, and most importantly, the food is absolutely fresh, wholesome, and delicious. For the most recent event, I had to try to get eco-friendly disposable napkins, utensils, and sandwich boxes. JoAnna's really went out of their way to accommodate. We got boxes made from recycled cardboard that looked great and kept things neat and fresh and utensils made from compost-able plastic. We got boxed lunches in 4 flavors: turkey, ham & Cheese, tuna, and mozzarella tomato.  People loved all of them. At a previous, smaller event, I got trays of sandwiches and sides of green salad and pasta salad.  The pasta salad stole the show.Ordering from JoAnna's is always a big win. I will definitely call them again next time.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,3/28/2011,147,180,12,10,10>Brownies are good. Brownies that are deep fried beat the holy hell out of just regular old brownies. Thankfully, the forces behind Sugar Rush figured that out. So, if you're making your bucket list, add "consume Sugar Rush Deep Fried Brownie" asap. I found the Sugar Rush truck at its new home at 81st Street in Biscayne for the Thursday night food truck gluttony fest. After stuffing myself silly on Cheese Me, we decided a sweet treat was in order. And who can resist a deep fried brownie? Topped with ice cream, whipped cream and chocolate syrup, this is that little bit of pure evil that will lure you away from your diet and cause you to never look back. Crunchy hot brownie buried under a bed of ice cream. How could you not want that? Seriously? The portion, which cost me a $5 bill, was entirely too large a portion for me to finish by myself. But I gave it my best effort. OK, I ate so much of it, I made myself sick and then tossed the leftovers to my husband and demanded he finish it. Which he did, happily. Oh, Sugar Rush, you are both the devil and heavenly all wrapped into one gas-powered dessert tray.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,3/27/2011,76,119,5,10,8>We just came back from Pubbelly and I already want to review this place.  The food was delicious and I am still thinking about the pork belly.  It was just really really good.  I originally thought I would give this place 5-stars, but after reading the other reviews, a lot of good points were made.First a breakdown of our meal:-Porkbelly: AMAZING.  This was really something to come back for-Pan con tomate: Good appetizer and delicious-Spaghetti & meatball: We asked for no peanuts- as a FYI, but definitely interesting and probably second favorite thing.  -Duck & Pumpkin: The actual dumpling was very good, but I did not like the added ingredients like the almonds or orange pieces-Salt & Pepper squid: Also very good- a little too salty, but perfect level of crispyness- Short-rib carpaccio: The waiter did warn us that it was fishy- so if you do not like a fishy taste, don't order it.  I personally did not mind it and thought this was a good choice.-Shitake mushrooms: Good choice as a side vegetable, but not as interesting as the other dishes.  It is just mixing mushrooms with balsamic with soy sauce.  -Dessert Custard apple-crisp: My husband really enjoyed this dish, but I did not actually care for it too much.In terms of service, our waiter was actually very friendly and helpful and we had no wait, which was also a plus.The negatives: They fill up your water as soon as you sit down and don't warn you that you are paying $1/pp (not about the money, just principal), the portions are really small- esp for the price (at average of $12 a plate, you would think you can enjoy the dish for more than 2 bites), and the restaurant is very small so the seating is limited which is def. why there is the feeling that they sort of rush you out if you sit and chat for more than 2 minutes.  Overall- This restaurant was a great night out.  We definitely enjoyed ourselves and our meals, and I wish I knew about the bacon brownies while I was there!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2010,3/26/2011,271,113,16,14,14>Holy crunchy pizza crust!I was sequestered and forced into Primo Pizza by one Patrick L, yelper extraordinaire, after copious amounts steroid- laden beer was poured down my troat.Beer must love being swallowed. You know what else should like being swallowed? Primo Pizza. With each bite, it beckoned to be slowly caressed down my esophagus and into the caverns of my tummy where it filled me up with it's doughy, cheesy goodness. This determined little pizza knew the way to my heart. Ricotta and basil, yummifullz. I'm not sure if I spoke through the duration of my slice. If I didn't carry on a conversation it's because I was carrying on a love afair with the dough, the cheese and the basil. A  threesome of flavours that could only be rivaled by a second slice of grilled onions and jalapenos. My only regret it that I only had one as to not make a gluttonous mess before my beer pimping friend. But there's always some other bangedup.com festivus that will require some late night grubbin' and If I'm south of 5th, I will visit Primo Pizza for a hot and crunchy slice of pie, pizza pie.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,3/25/2011,620,350,10,13,12>This review is strictly based on their brunch.Now this is a $40 brunch I don't feel regretful about!- Kimchi Eggs Benedict: Really enjoyed this, but could have used more kimchi taste.- Guava and Cheese / Strawberry Pop Tarts: SO MUCH WIN!!! CAN I HAVE 20 MORE?!- Spanish Tortilla: The fact that it was cold kind of threw me off. Tasted good regardless. The bruschetta on top was delish.- Double Yolk Eggs: Stinky. Not sure what cheese they use in this (smells like gruyere), but it stunk quite a bit. Despite this, it was fantastic tasting- Definitely a must-have.- Raspberry/Chocolate Donuts: Never had a fancy donut before... I think this dish has effectively ruined all of those other lower class donuts for me.My one HUGE pet peeve is the seating situation. Unless you reserve ahead of time to get a single table for your party, you get to sit 2 millimeters apart from the other diners next to you. Talk about a mood-killer...
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,3/24/2011,201,337,15,17,15>When our cake person flaked out on us, three days before our wedding, I began to frantically call bakeries. LA Sweets was one of the ones that was open late and were willing to put together an order of 200 mini cupcakes for us by Saturday afternoon. We drove over to sample the cupcakes and see which flavors we wanted. We made the order that day and went home feeling very relieved, after all they have great reviews on yelp, right?That Friday we got a call confirming pickup time and the baker told us she would put some decorations on them because they were for our wedding (at no extra cost!). After doing my makeup and hair I went to pick up the cupcakes. We ordered 5 different flavors: guava, double chocolate with purple buttercream frosting, red velvet, vanilla coconut and banana nut. DELISH!!! One of the workers and the owner put all 8 boxes in the car for me and fastened the seat belts around them. I didn't even have to help! Flash forward to the end of the reception: EVERYONE LOVED the cupcakes!!! And to think, we were going to have some boring three-tiered cake! PSHAW!!!! Thank you LA Sweets for making my special day a sweet one as well!!!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,3/23/2011,250,256,8,18,11>Vizcaya takes my breath away!Recently I took my parents and fiancé on what was my second visit to the estate and it was no less awe-inspriring than the first. The main house is grand but tastefully done without ostentatious scale. The home has about ten bedrooms, some of which are perched in towers above the second floor. The spiral staircase on the south end winds its way from the ground floor up to the highest point in the home. Careful when you look down!By far the most memorable area is the vast terrace in the center of the home. Open to the second floor and then enclosed in glass as the ceiling, you feel as if you are inside a greenhouse as you peer out the windows and at the plants. I appreciate the different styles of architecture and decor used in the home's design, which reflect various eras and cultures. Each bedroom is named after a historical character, many of whom are women, and each is designed in homage to its namesake.The gardens and waterfront landscapes are amazing. Make sure you explore the eastern edge of the garden and find the labyrinth and secret garden. Wander the (currently under construction but open) Tiffany & Co. sculpture gallery.Vizcaya is a great value at $10 for Miami-Dade County residents, parking is free, it's easy to find, and there is a small shop selling snacks and drinks. You can wander almost the entire property, and they are working on restoring the basement level, which includes a pool area and will be open to the public upon completion.The one small oddity I do not care for is the manner in which the male nude sculptures have had their private areas covered up with mismatched, awkward looking additions to the original art work. I view it as damaging to the original scupture; it is tacky and unnecessary. But what's done is now done and I shan't deny this five star place its glory for the small mistake.Bottom Line: A unique, historic treasure that everyone will enjoy.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,3/22/2011,279,116,5,10,11>Cool, fun, casual place to have tacos burritos or quesadillas.  The taco I had was fantastic.  delicate fish grilled to perfection.  The cabbage added a nice crunch the creme was perfect and their hot sauce ohh the hot sauce.  Yesss!  Their motto is keep it spicy and the hot sauce is a must try.  Doesn't burn out the flavors adds to the taste of the taco.  It's a green chili hot sauce.  I loved it.   The corn is fire roasted and covered with butter and parmesan.  Get it! I sat at the back of the outdoor area on comfortable couches smoking a cigar talking with a good friend.  It's great to be in Florida in January.  Our waitress Diana was awesome and they kept saying we could stay and chill as long as we wanted even though they were closing.  I cant wait to try the Korean short rib kimchi taco.  I will be back soon. 32oz beer $6.00. better deal than the pitcher.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,3/20/2011,504,281,9,11,11>I finally was able to try this food truck last night at a mini food truck gathering off Bird and 65th. Latin Burger and The Fish Box by La Camaronera were also there.Having tried Latin Burger several times, I decided to focus on the two trucks I had yet to sample. After a nice appetizer from The Fish Box, my friends and I wandered over to Dim Ssam to peruse their menu. Oh.my.GOD! I wanted to try EVERYTHING on their menu!!! To the point where I almost regretted my Fish Box appetizer...almost.So about 10 minutes of debate took place before I decided to order the short rib tacos and a giant cookie. WOW!!! The short rib taco was OUT OF THIS WORLD good!!! Be forewarned though, if you aren't crazy about cilantro ask for it without because they realllllly pile the cilantro on. I personally love cilantro so it was taco heaven for me. Sadly in the midst of my tacorgasm, I forgot to get my giant cookie. FAIL! They told me it was white and dark chocolate chip with peanut-butter pretzel pieces. I did my best Charlie Brown ARGH! imitation when I realized my mistake on the way home. This is one food truck I can't wait to catch up with again.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2008,12/30/2008,7,7,4,9,8>This place is amazing!  You could walk by and never even know its there.  The front is a tiny, two aisle grocery store, with vitamins and various vegan and health food items.In the back there is a small counter where the friendly owner will greet you with samples of whatever he's making that day. When I first walked in he handed me samples of two different types of soup, pasta, and various other dishes.  I ordered the seitan and mushroom pie. AMAZING! It was so good and fresh.  It really had the best flavor and everything in it was cooked to perfection.  I also had the squash soup, which was sweet and creamy and wonderful.  To wash it all down I had a fresh juice- beet, carrot, celery and apple.  Yes, I know this sounds gross, but trust me its not. It is so good for you and the apple pretty much is the dominant flavor.  My sis had "the rainforest" which is a fresh juice/smoothie with avocado, banana, and I don't know what else, but it was very good.  There isn't a lot of room to sit, only a counter, and two small tables out front.  And the place was packed even though it was a thursday afternoon.  Honestly it is worth it.  I would stand and eat if I had to.  And even though the place was packed we didn't feel rushed by anyone, everyone seemed to be in a great mood.  Honestly it was the best eating experience I've had so far in Miami. I would HIGHLY recommend it to vegan and non-vegans alike.  OH did I forget to mention that it was completely vegan? Next time I want to try the apple pie...
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2008,12/29/2008,19,47,1,4,3>Yes, it's strangely located inside a mini-mart associated with a gas station but the food is, as Gustavo noted, surprisingly good.  Check the daily specials but the soups, especially the caldo gallego (white bean), are quite good, as is the whole fried snapper (a hard dish to get right).  The wine selection is extensive and excellent and there are nearly nightly tastings right when you might want to pull over to avoid rush hour, talk to Jesse, and some seriously friendly regulars ...It is open noon to 10:00 except for Sunday.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2008,12/28/2008,75,118,9,9,8>I have been searching for a dentist for two years. Finally, I bit the bullet and said, OK, this guy is close by, I can just try it out and hope for the best. So far, so good!!First of all, location, location, location. Maybe my ideal dentist would not be found in my local Publix lot, but it is only a direct 10 minute drive north from my house. bonus!Receptionists, friendly, kind and they remember you when you walk in. So go ahead and make a little joke on the phone, they will bring it back up as you check in and out. This is super comforting.Dr. Abbo was my guy and I honestly can't stop gushing about how good this experience went.I have had a fear of finding a new dentist because I hear horror stories about 'deep cleanings' and the cost; how insurance doesn't cover all of it, and you pay at least $120 to get your teeth cleaned. So before my first exam began I asked him point blank: 'What's the deal?!" And he explained the entire procedure to me, we seriously don't have the time, nor you the desire to have me repeat it!, and away we went. He explained the x-rays in a very frank way. No B.S. and didn't try to up-sell me on anything. I returned two weeks later, yesterday, to have my first tooth pulled, the only wisdom tooth that refused to grow straight down. I was scared out of my wits. First,  I had to have my teeth cleaned before this 'surgery'. My cleaning went perfectly, no complaints. But my anxiety was pretty high, I was seriously thinkin' Nitrous please!The tooth pulling, well I cried when the Novocaine was injected into the roof of my mouth, it hurt like a mo-fo. But I began to breathe and got my stuff together. I wasn't bothered, prodded wrongly or hurt. Dr. Abbo and his assistant were super funny and kind.But the cherry, at 8 pm last night, after I just popped my first Tylenol #3, my phone rang. It was Dr. Abbo just checking in. Quite honestly, that's service. Maybe he sensed my fear and wanted to go that extra mile, maybe I caught him on a super good day, or maybe this is his nature.Regardless, I have officially found my dentist and it's a great way to end 2008!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,12/27/2008,66,55,4,7,7>Tucked away from the hustle, bustle and attitude of South Beach is this hidden gem. A great place to have a drink or three. The location is perfect, in a low-key area, but still a stone's throw from SoBe nightlife. Their beer list is fabulous and the prices are down to earth. The most I've encountered in South Florida and I've been to quite a few watering holes here. They also have wine for you beer-haters out there. Owners are cool and blend in with the crowd. They are very hands-on, to say the least. So if you are looking to knock back a few in a laid-back atmosphere, this place is for you. Cheers!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/26/2008,62,28,9,16,12>MMMMMMM, good!!!! I was referred to this place by the folks at Goldie's Conch house in Nassau bc I was raving about the amazing yet simple conch salad. A bit far from home but no doubt worth the drive. Not open air like the one in Nassau but charming, still, with paintings of Goldie (they call him that bc of all of is gold teeth) all around. We ordered the conch salad (of course) and a seafood dish that was served in an aluminum foil bowl sort of thing. It had so much flavor and in a broth that was seriously out of this world. And don't get me started on the Johnny Cake that comes with the meal! Very slightly sweet and is edible at any and all times of the day. My friend and I  went on a Sunday so we enjoyed people watching; the old ladies that had apparently just gotten out of church wearing their big beautiful hats! The service, although a bit slow, was extremely friendly. Do yourself a favor and go!!!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2008,12/25/2008,115,189,6,5,5>usually around wednesdays or thursdays, i am so burnt out from work and i don't feel like cooking when i get home.  i usually eat sushi twice a week and was definitely craving some tonight.. so i turn to yelp and try to find the best place near me that has sushi and delivers.i ordered the stir fried veggies (steamed and made spicy) as per Gina H's recommendation, Salmon Lover, Ebi, Dragon and Salmon CC roll.All very yummy and fresh. I am very pleased and I will be a regular. I may never step foot in their restaurant, but as long as they keep delivering, I'm buying!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,12/24/2008,211,164,5,8,10>This little jewel is tuck away in the Double Tree Grand Hotel on Biscayne Bay. I went here Saturday night with my husband for a romantic dinner. This Argentinean Steakhouse is small, cozy and intimate. The restaurant is a little unassuming due to the location, but once you walk inside, you begin to feel right at home. The staff is ultra accommodating due to the size of the restaurant. I have to say the food was just OK. My filet Mignon was a little overcooked, but since I was so engulfed in the easy listening music playing in the background, and enjoying my glass of merlot, it didn't seem to bother me as much. I gave this a 4 star because of the intimate, cozy atmosphere and the excellent service. Once we finished eating we went out back on the marina and just sat and talked. Great for a romantic evening with someone special.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2008,12/23/2008,1381,665,11,12,13>My new Hangover Cure spot!Came for Brunch on Sunday.  Got there around 3pm with a party of 6.  They were really busy and had no space for the 6 of us, but quickly made accommodations, added some extra seats and had us seated within 5 minutes of arrival.  Way to go Team!!!  :)  As we were being seated, they immediately brought us the most delicious basket of warm Cuban toast soaked in butter.  Nothing like greasiness to cure a hangover!So, my massive hangover and I start reading through the menu.  The bf decided on a Croquetta Preparada (that was really to die for),, and I kept frantically searching the menu for something my head and my stomach could handle.  Finally, I decided on a Pan con Tortilla.  The others ordered anything from Churrasco, to Media Noches, to a traditional breakfast plate complete with pancakes!The food took a little longer than expected to arrive, but maybe I was just so hungry that the time seemed to be crawling!  Also, they were busy, so I have to be fair.  Our waitress was on point with our water and coffee, and overall this was a great experience.  Totally took my headache away by the time I left!  :)  WOOO!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/22/2008,361,288,19,12,17>You do not like them. So you say. Try them! Try them! And you may.Try them and you may, I say.Say!I like Cheeseburger Baby!I do! I like them, Streetwalker Lady!And I would eat their burgers in a bar.And I would eat them with a cigar...And I will eat them late at night.And in the dark. And after a fight.And in a car. And in a tree.They are so good, so good, you see!So I will eat them in a box.And I will eat them with a fox.And I will eat them in a house.And I will eat them with a mouse.And I will eat them here and there.Say! I will eat them ANYWHERE!I do so like Cheeseburger Baby!Thank you!Thank you, Streetwalker Lady!(Credit: 'Green Eggs and Ham' by Dr. Seuss w/ help from Gustavo)
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,12/21/2008,11,21,7,7,6>Miami finally has a drag racing track. It is only an 1/8 mile track but at least there is a track. You used to have drive all the way to West Palm Beach to Moroso. This place has been open for quite awhile but i was just able to make it there for the first time on Saturday. It is not the fanciest place but it is still growing. It could still use a scoreboard setup to show the times and maybe some improved seating but it did not really bother me. I was there to see racing and there was definitely plenty of that on Saturday. If you are into motorsports, it is definitely worth checking out.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,10/30/2013,46,22,9,10,9>It was a long day. Driving back from yonder, we took Arthur Godfrey to return to Miami Beach. We weren't hungry, but we were sort of peckish if you understand. We spotted this place on a side street - a miracle as I'm practically blind. It's cute and unassuming. It's quaint. It's charming. And it's kosher. At first glance, it reminded me of a bakery. That is until I got an eyeful of the extensive menu with intriguing dishes. Suddenly, peckishness morphed into ravenous hunger. So we started with golden zucchini. It wasn't the best, but it wasn't the worst either. The personal pizza, however, was to die for. To Die For. We chose to share a Margarita pizza. God's truth, it wasn't enough (this is what happens when you claim to be peckish when you're not). More to the point, I don't even like pizza that much. OMG! I like this pizza, let me tell you so much so that for a moment I considered ordering another one. I didn't so as not to look like a slathering pig. The next best thing was our waiter, Amit. He was as a human wait staffer should be. Personable. Engaging. Relaxed. Knowledgeable. Accessible but with nary a harassing bone in sight. Personally, I think he should start a consulting service called How To Be A Human for wait staff in Miami.  The prices are Miami Beach-moderate, perhaps on the high end of reasonable. You have a choice to dine in or outdoors, and they serve beer and wine. It's a quiet and relaxing café setting and perfect for uninterrupted conversations (remember those things), but if you're in the mood for people-watching or loud background music, this isn't the place to do it. Peckish or not, I'll be certain to visit again.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,10/29/2013,17,65,3,9,5>Little Asian - Big Flavor!Location and DécorThis was a truly unique dining experience. It's nice to find a place in Miami that feels like a place for regular people, a neighborhood place. Management was kind enough to start us off with a pork dumpling amuse bouche, something I'd normally expect in a high end restaurant. The gesture added to the simple warmth and local feel of LAK.Food reviewWonton SoupThe wonton soup was the sweetest wonton soup I've ever had. While I was looking for a salty soup I can see how someone who likes sweeter brothy soups would find this a pleasant change of pace. Spring rollsA little greasy but adequateCrispy DuckThis was amazing. I've never had anything like it. The duck was served on a large platter in a spicy red curry sauce and was accompanied  by pineapple, pitted lichi, peas, and green beans . The dish looked incredibly appealing when it was served, it was colorful and fragrant. Some of the crispy duck was smothered in sauce while other pieces rested on top of that sauce. The orange sauce with the small speckles of red pepper was real something to witness. It was just a really good looking dish. Furthermore,  the crispy duck was cooked perfectly! The pieces in the sauce were obviously less crispy but they weren't soggy. So good. DrinksBYOB!! Nothing wrong with that. Not sure if there is a corking fee.ServiceThey struggled be prepared to wait..Definitely a place to check out.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,10/28/2013,216,339,6,8,6>The location of this place it's a bit deceiving, just because there is a salsa place next door with loud blasting music.  Once you enter Shilla, you will be transported to another place.  They have BBQ grilling tables, meaning they have grills for you were you sit - and this is to enhance the experience of having a real Korean BBQ.  Yes, the price is different between the normal table (with no grill - since they will bring it ready for you from the kitchen) and the BBQ table.  A couple of tables when we got there.  Being here for a first time Korean BBQ experience we had to get the BBQ table.I asked the waiter what would be the most traditional Korean BBQ choice, we were between the marinated ribs (less expensive) or the brisket meat (more expensive).  Even though he suggested the more expensive choice, he came back and said, maybe because it is your first time you should try the marinated meat.  And that's what we did.  Waiters are not trying to sell you the most expensive stuff there is in the menu - so this gets a green check on my book!We got the Banchan, that was very yummi, of course you get the lettuce wraps and the meat.  The grill was very powerful, I thought it was only going to "cook" the meat and not grill it! But let me tell you... this grill is super powerful, so good that the meat had some browning in it, probably because it was marinated with sugar and the grill was at high heat.  The meat was full of flavor and it blended in perfectly with rice, or a lettuce wrap with a bit of Banchan and bean paste.  Definitely will go back.  Although I am a bit wary about korean and sushi restaurant together.... I will probably stick to the korean at this place.  Two thumbs up!!Once you check in on Yelp, you get free thai donuts for dessert!! Can it get any better??
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,10/27/2013,13,100,24,17,14>Its pretty unbelievable this place is in the middle of the Gables. Its truly something different. Admission is about $6 for residents, $12 for non-residents (seems fair to me). Bring a towel.. they have a decently priced cafe, service is slow.Parking is typically impossible, however if you are willing to walk you will eventually find a place to park. I recommend biking or going on a scooter if you can. Make sure you chain your bike. As we walked out a couple kids got caught trying to steal a bike.Its a gorgeous view and very relaxing and quiet even when there are lots of kids. The water is COLD, but its a natural spring so that's to be expected. The kid inside of me wished I was allowed to jump from the waterfall down, but I understand why its not allowed. They have TONS of lifeguards which is good.. but to be honest  its a bit ridiculous and they will whistle at kids/adults for almost anything to the point that it can get annoying quick for those trying to enjoy the sun on the side of the pool. Dear Lifeguard,Wouldn't it be easier to just walkover and explain what the hell it is you are whistling about? That one kid playing with the rope below the bridge hasn't noticed the first 50 whistles, doubt he is going to notice the next 50. STOP IT.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,10/26/2013,328,239,11,13,11>On one of my bicycle rides, I decided to stop by The Wine Shoppe, partly because I was curious and maybe a little bit because I was spent and tired. If you listen to public radio, you have heard the name The Wine Shoppe repeatedly. It is one of the active contributors on several of the radio shows, most notably the food and wine portions. Thank goodness for air conditioners. A fresh wave from the A/C vent welcomed me as I entered the shop, followed by a massive information overload. Hundreds of bottles were in front of me, and the labels didn't mean anything. Where do I start? Luckily, the owner came to greet me, and I felt somewhat rescued, only to be plunged back in the hole when he asked me what type of wine do I like. That could be an easy question, but one question that I distrust because of the simplicity. In other words, I wanted to give him a very complicated answer, not a simple answer, I wanted to pour my soul out and offer an answer that would reward me with the best possible match, in terms of wine, friendship, etc. So I did not answer.Instead, I took hold of the situation and I asked the questions. What are your newest wines? What trends is the wine industry experiencing? What regions do you specialize in? Blah, blah, blah. He answered, simply, without any type of erudition that may have been regarded as snobbery. He is a wine aficionado, and a wine drinker turned business man and owner of The Wine Shoppe. That's all.I walked around for a bit, and since I was still under the information overload, not much registered. I saw some Portuguese wines, lots of Spanish wines, and he mentioned he had Argentinian and Chilean bottles. And of course, he has wines from California. The store also sells cold cuts, breads, espresso and coffee, some drinks, some books, and wine knick knacks. I scored a bottle of Malbec. I put it in my book bag and rode home with it. I figured I would check their recommendation tasting a type of wine I am very familiar with. They are pretty much on point. I would give their Malbec a score above 70%. Not bad for a first time.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,10/25/2013,38,118,18,14,12>First of all, stop driving around the parking lot looking for the DMV. It's inside the mall. Yes, INSIDE the mall. Why? I'm guessing the mall pays them to be inside, because otherwise no one would step foot inside the glorified flea market that is Mall of the Americas.The last time I went to the DMV in South Florida was when I moved here and it was the kind of all day adventure that isn't the least bit exciting but still leaves you with your blood pressure above what is healthy. This time I came prepared with my laptop and lots of reading material. If I'm going to spend all day sitting, I'm going to make the most of it.Surprise! I walked in and there was no line. ZERO LINE! This was around 1 PM on a Wednesday. I don't know if this is normally the case at 1 PM on a Wednesday, but if it is you should definitely come at 1 PM on a Wednesday.I zipped from station to station. I brought a passport, a social security card, my auto-insurance bill, three extra bills, a credit card with my picture on it. They took my social security card and my passport and told me I didn't need the rest. THEY LET ME GET A NEW LICENSE WITH TWO FORMS OF ID! Awesome.The majority of the employees seemed happy and friendly. There was only one angry black woman working there, and she looked more disgruntled than downright angry. You heard it folks, there was only ONE ANGRY BLACK WOMAN! I was impressed. Every other DMV I've ever been to in South Florida has had tons of angry black women scowling, scolding, and doing their best to have as little possible human interaction as possible. This DMV has happy, interactive black people working for it. I was impressed.The best part is nearly unbelievable. I was out in 15 minutes. 15 MINUTES! I've waited longer for Taco Bell. I've waited longer for a bathroom stall. I've waited longer for...all sorts of trivial things. This is how DMVs are supposed to run, folks.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,10/24/2013,415,166,13,13,13>Pupusas. One of the most unattractive words for one of the yummiest things to ever touch my lips. What exactly is a pupusa? No, it's not a euphemism for a female body part...it is a Central American dish that is customarty of Salvadoran/Honduran cuisine. Take some corn masa, fill it with cheese, chicharron, and beans...or just cheese...or just cheese and beans...or just chicharron and cheese...shape it into a small tortilla shape and slap it on the grill till crispy and brown on the outside. melty chicharron and bean goodness on the inside. Don't be fooled by other places in Miami  that boast pupusas and serve you pancake sized atrocities of grease and cheese. The perfect pupusa is the size of your hand, and crispy on the edges, soft in the middle where all the goodness is.Served with a side of chismol ( think: pickled cabbage slaw), it's perfect! Paseo does the best pupusas in the city! at 3 for 6.99, they're perfect for breakfast,lunch, or dinner!Paseo doesn't just offer pupusas, oh no. Their baleadas are huge and very filling- one flour tortilla filled with refried beans and fried egg...even through in some chorizo if you like to live on the wild side.  For dinner you can't go wrong with sharing a "Carne Asada Especial" with a friend/lover/Jesus- it's a huge plate piled high grilled meat, rice, salad, queso fresco - for around 10 bucks! Prices like that don't exist anymore for the amount of food you get and the quality.It's not fancy- definitely a family establishment and at times the waitresses can seem a little rude, but it's just their demeanor-they're trying to get your order hot and fast, so don't take it too personal. ;)
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,10/23/2013,420,662,8,12,7>I'm a girl who's easily charmed by hair fairies. My cycle goes something like this: I become completely disenchanted by a current hairdresser due to shoddy jobs, lack of courtesy or nickel and diming. Then, I desperately seek out a new one -- or, am forced to drive to North Florida for a visit with my much beloved former stylist. Either way, I lose. And so does my hair.Please, please, please, I pray, let me find a reasonably priced stylist I  CAN STICK WITH. Like my love life, it's not that I'm a commitment-phobe, I just haven't found anyone that can meet all my needs. Yet.Unhappy with yet another Miami salon, I decided to seek out someone new. Again. Luckily, Johari is steps from my abode. I stopped by to consult with Sam, and was pleasantly surprised at his astuteness, apt recommendations and straightforward attitude. The dude knows hair. And mine, after having bounced around from salon to salon, was kind of a hot mess. Sam told me he'd have to do a major overhaul on my first visit to correct the current disaster. Low lights, high lights, a more shapely cut. He knew my specific concerns (DON'T CUT TOO MUCH OFF and NOT TOO DARK) and addressed them. Caps because I'm THAT serious about such things.In the end, I was thrilled. My hair looks natural, healthy and he listened to every one of my little requests and pet peeves and acted accordingly. Yes, I'm enamored with a salon once again, but this time I suspect it's gonna stick.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,10/22/2013,18,60,4,8,4>I've been to Sugarcane 3 times, and I must say third time's a charm!  my fault, not theirs. Why I ever ordered my own personal dish at this restaurant is beyond me?!?! The first time I went for a light dinner and some drinks. The second time I went for brunch and shared a few appetizers with the table: goat cheese croquettes - which are yummy even for a girl who doesn't like goat cheese - and the bacon wrapped dates which are a must-have! Then I had a plate as my meal. I don't even remember what it was.This Saturday, I decided to give it one more try and dragged my family along with me to celebrate my grandmother's birthday. Wow! Mark my words: THE WAY TO EAT AT SUGARCANE IS TO GET ONE OF EACH AND SHARE IT ALL! It's a must must must. We had the croquettes again, then the bacon wrapped dates. Just enough to split for everyone to try. After that came the delicious fat boy hash, the truffled road (or something like that), one of the most amazing grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had, the flank steak, and some crunchy tuna rolls too! It was just amazing! My taste buds were giving me high fives the entire time, until my belly just couldn't take anymore. To finish it off, we had the torrejas (which are really more like a delicious Cuban-style bread pudding) and the chocolate and strawberries with crema. It was definitely a great celebration for us all! Happy bellies and happy birthday! I will definitely be going back. And next time, I'm trying the beignets. They were out of those for the day but it's ok ... It just left me wanting to go back for more.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,10/21/2013,129,287,9,31,14>Ok, let me start this one off with a bit of a confession.  I REALLY enjoyed this place.  It's probably one of the most exceptional dining experiences I've ever had in my life.  I felt similarly three years ago when we first went to their original Sunny Isles location.So why not give it the top, five star, rating?  More on that later.  Let's first talk about the good...Wendy and her associate (who's name escapes me at the moment) provide exceptional, knowledgeable, and incredibly pleasant front-of-the-house service.  Their years in the hospitality industry really shine through and they make a diner feel completely welcome and at home in their intimate little restaurant.And when I say intimate, I mean it.  The restaurant only has seating for 15 (a 2-top, an 8-top, and five seats at the bar), and even then, they only accept reservations for eight at each of their two nightly seatings (6:00pm and 9:30pm).And the ambiance absolutely compliments this.  Dim lighting, with a few brighter spots on tables to highlight the food, and a lovely, but barely audible selection of background music to compliment the mood.Meanwhile, Chef Kevin and his team (he works with two sous-chefs now) are assembling delightful items to tease and tempt the palate.  They take you on  a journey of items that is quite exceptional and unique.  Starting with an authentic and amazing bento box and a small cup of soup, you then move onto an assortment of varied and unusual sushi creations of items that Chef Kevin has gathered up from around the world (we had monkfish liver, Japanese uni, a small and hard-to-get freshwater fish from a remote part of Japan, and lightly poached Maine lobster, just to name a few -- but your selections will almost certainly be different if you go).They then round things out with three small dessert items to finish out the world wind tour of cuisine.Okay, so having said all that, why just four stars?  Why couldn't I give it my top rating?Plain and simple...Price.I've always been troubled by exorbitantly expensive meals, and this is DEFINITELY in that category.I simply can't award it my highest score because I just don't see the value.Is it a good dining experience?  No, it's absolutely amazing, and I mean that in all sincerity.  But is it worth it?  Not in my opinion.And that's why they get a four-star review.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,3/19/2011,125,397,9,14,12>This place hit the spot for a chill, laid back girl like me who loves good music and loves to dance.  It was a tiny hole-in-the wall, but it was oh so wonderful!  The music was a mix of 90s hip hop, amazing old school reggae and dancehall, and just some real feel good, chill good music.  The DJ is mad cool and on point.  He really wants nothing more than to see every single person having a good time.  In this place, you can bet that everyone was dancing and doing just that.  The vibe in here was really cool and most people are regulars, so a lot of people know each other, and it's really a welcoming kind of spot.  The crowd was predominately age 24-34, so you young'ns probably wouldn't be down.  Yes, I am a young'n, but with an old soul, hehe.It gets tight, but it was never unbearably packed.  It was just right.  I almost felt like I wasn't in Miami.  The vibe was unpretentious and just be-cool-style and, get this, every single person who bumped into me tonight said "excuse me."  Can you believe it?!  In Miami?!  Yes, "excuse me," "sorry," "please'" and "thank you" still exist in this city!Everyone here loves to dance and enjoy great music and cool company, so there wasn't really a pushy vibe at all on the part of guys either, which was nice.  I mean, it's a night club, but not the type that you leave feeling completely sleazy.  You leave this place feeling good.  And a chill place like this plus no cigarettes???  Clearly the nightclub deities sent this one down for the laid back, chill, dance-loving side in us all.  And yes, it does get hot, but anyone who loves to dance expects it to get a little hot anyway.  I don't know about you, but I don't go out to sit on my throne like a little princess, I go out to D A N C E!The next time I go out, it will definitely be here!  This place is without a doubt the Gables' best kept secret!!NOTES:I don't drink, so I can't comment on what others have referred to as horrible service, nor can I comment on the quality of the drinks.I arrived around 12:30 AM on a Friday and stayed until close.I hear the same people who own Purdy Lounge own this place.  Based on the reviews I've seen for Purdy, that would explain the unique vibe in here.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,3/18/2011,216,339,12,22,18>OMG OMG OMG!!!! The food in Naoe is out of this world!! It's the whole experience that is so great, plus the food!!For my 100th review, it had to be super duper special!!!  I've been saving it......  We made our reservation in opentable.com in less than a week.  The same day the reservation was made, Wendy called (from the restaurant) to confirm the information.  We were a party of four and one us is allergic to lobster and clams.The day came for our dinner, we got there on the dot!! the place is not difficult to find if you have the correct directions to the restaurant.  If you Google Maps, this will NOT take you to Naoe.  So beware, if you have reached Collins Ave going east, you passed it already!Once you enter the restaurant is quiet, light lighting and almost no decoration at all - but it definitely looks nice.  In a word the decoration is minimal.I requested we were to be seated at the bar to see Chef Cory make his magic.  Wendy explains how their omakase works at the beginning of the dinner.  You will first be served with a bento box and followed by nigiri's.  The nigiri's could be of fish, lobster, uni, eel, etc. So first off the bento box: OMG this was a SUPER bento box!!  There was a silky soft egg custard with fresh shitake mushrooms and fish, it was very soft and tasty!!!  I could have eaten more of this!! in another compartment, there was rice with bamboo and some turnip & carrot (CURTIDO).  It had fluke fish that had a vinegar dressing with wakame and shiso leaves.  Mikimoto oyster, tile fish tempura with ginko nut (I could not even recognize and I normally eat this!!)  and some pork belly!! It was super yummi, it had a japanese jam that was so delicious.Nigiri came after.  Wendy explained that normally the nigiri's are served in pairs unless you want one of them at a time and you can repeat any of the pieces as you go.  We choose to have a single piece of everything, we definitely wanted to taste dessert!  Nigiris were served, maine lobster (slightly poached almost raw - delish!), eel, salmon (with some fatty stuff super yummi and fresh), uni (super fresh!!) and mackerel!!  The mackerel was so fresh it did not seem like mackerel, normally it's very fishy, salty and acid from the vinegar.Dessert time came, we had some home made mochi, home made pound cake jap version , fresh cut fruit with a bit of vinegar and a surprise flavored ice cream.  The pound cake was super soft, the cooks kept cutting the EDGES, I was like LEAVE it.... don't cut it off, that's the best part!!All in all, NAOE was an incredible experience.  The food quality is super fresh, service is at its EXTREME supreme quality!!  We did not have any sake, no sake drinkers here, the bill came out to aproximately $100.00 per person including tax and grat.  Definitely this place is to GO BACK.  Want something super nice and great quality food, go to NAOE!!!!!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,3/17/2011,944,946,14,21,17>Sweet, sweet VFW. I don't know how it took me so long to find this place, but all it took was one visit and I fell in love. I've lost count as to my number of visits at this point, but the initial love I felt has never waned.The VFW doesn't mess around. It knows it's a dive and embraces it. So you better check whatever pretension you may have at the door. The door with the buzzer. Oh yeah, you have to be buzzed in by the bartender to gain entry to the sanctum of the VFW. (Don't worry, I've never seen anyone get turned away.).While the VFW has a fully-stocked bar with very reasonably priced drinks (cocktails is too fancy a word for this place), the name of the game is beer. Domestics will run you $2.25, and imports about $2.75. But get the bucket o' domestics - 5 beers for $10 (and you're not obligated to get 5 of the same brew) - you'll be happy that you did.  The beer selection has all the classics, but does not qualify for that elusive "beer bar" status.  Any choice you make will be cold and refreshing, though you can't go wrong with a Yuengling. Aside from the ridiculously priced drinks, the killer view is what makes the VFW 5-star worthy. Kicking back with a bucket of cold ones accompanied by good friends (or the lively VFW patrons), while watching the never-disappointing Miami sunset is just magical. You do not want to miss this!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,3/16/2011,33,69,7,5,8>Once upon a time four Hialeah gals were having a spa day. (I know you're thinking I clicked on the wrong review) But the girls wanted nostalgic, yet delicious breakfast before their day of relaxation. Where else, but Chicos where the bill came to $22 for four full breakfasts.I went with my usual,  D8: Cafe con leche, two croquettas, two eggs sunny side up with a cuban toast, for dipping in sunny side egg, of course.We left with full bellies and reminiscing of the good old days...days of late night cafe con leches, full on bistec de palomilla at 2 a.m. and getting a warm meal post a hurricane!Chicos te quiero!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,3/15/2011,337,332,5,7,7>Just what the Gables needed, I really like this place. It gives me the illusion that I am somewhere else out of town, not miami. Not only is the food excellent and organic, but there's live piano bar entertainment. They have a pitcher of organic oranges sitting in vodka ready for martinis. I asked the bartender, thinking it was flavored water. Cant wait to try a martini with that stuff.Their menu is seasonal, always changing. I tried their flatbread and salad for lunch. Very pleased. Need to come back for dinner. Looks like a prime hapy hour location with a great piano bar.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,3/14/2011,619,794,9,18,17>What's not to love about Lost Weekend? They have a full bar with several beers on tap (including Guinness), you can order their beers by the pint or the pitcher, and they have some great happy hour specials. There's the Alibi at the back if you're hungry (a few of their sandwiches such as the South Philly Cheese Steak and the Shrimp Po Boy are really tasty, and their wings and fries aren't bad, etiher). They have 4 pool tables, an air hockey table, foosball, skee ball, a boxing game and they also have photo hunt if you want to play a few games for fun or just to pass the time.  They have an MP3 jukebox with a decent selection of music and a few flat screens for watching sports and other programming as well.There is a cool little upstairs loft for smaller private parties, or to go and eat if there's no seating left down in the main bar area. There's also a side door at the front of the place that leads to the cafe next door so if you want to grab food, cupcakes or other items from there and bring them back to Lost Weekend to share them or consume them here, you can. In all, Lost Weekend is a laid back place to hang out, eat, drink, maybe play a few games or just to chill and strike up a conversation with whomever you happen to sit next to at the bar.UPDATE: When we were here on 3/5/11, Drew Barrymore was in da house!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,3/13/2011,1381,665,13,18,16>Dear Matheson Hammock Park,What an amazing park you are!  We had the most wonderful afternoon here last weekend, enjoying a lovely 2 hour bike ride through the ins and outs of your entire park.Starting off on the bike trail at the beginning, we made our way all around the park, the beach, and over to the marina.  The views are just spectacular and I found myself stopping often to take pictures.  The view of Downtown Miami is just breathtaking, as are all of the multi-million dollar homes.Making our way back the beginning of the trail, and not being ready to leave, we decided to start taking all of the side streets that we saw, which proved to be tons of fun.  We found that you have a creek where people can kayak and fish.  Then we rode our bikes over the bridge and to the other side of the marina, where there were tons of families enjoying there day.  Lastly we made our way down to the end of the main road, which led us to a slew of private little beaches.  Just gorgeous.  I am definitely looking forward to spending a lot more time here this summer.  We may even go for a late afternoon bike ride later today!See you very soon.All the best,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,3/12/2011,223,72,7,11,11>I'm in love with Gigi.I love the late-night, high-energy clatter of the diner ambiance. Everything moves so fast -- the food, waiters, cooks behind the counter, even the patrons, in and out to a raucous beat. The menus is priced to be fun and it delivers. You just want to try everything. We settled on the pork buns (heavenly), the melon salad (bliss), the tuna avocado (perfect)  and the Pad ThaiOnly the Pad Thai was mildly disappointing -- it just wasn't that exciting and made me wish I had sampled the BLT or the meatloaf. It's not the place for a quiet meal, but if you don't mind squeezing in at the counter for a quick, tasty bite in the wee hours -- it's a very cool option.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,3/10/2011,444,433,11,12,10>I have mixed feelings. (Ha! Mixing pun!) No doubt Yogen Fruz is yummy and calorie-conscious* but I think it's just a little too expensive at over $5 for a small. I've tried a few mix-it combos and favor the key lime pie. However, my absolute favorite combo is Berry-Beary Bliss: Blueberry-Açai yogurt topped with gummi bears. (Tasty Tip: Bury your bears so they get semi-frozen and they take longer to chew to extend the experience.) You won't find it on the menu because they don't want too many people finding out about it and making the line too long or causing a scene because it's the best thing they've ever tasted. (Or maybe I just made it up. :P) *Low fat probiotic vanilla mix-it: 132/small, 192/medium, 264/large, Low fat chocolate/ Nonfat vanilla probiotic: 121/small, 176/medium, 242/large. Pre-toppings, of course! yogenfruz.com/home/nutri…
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,3/9/2011,471,255,11,26,18>oh man, maybe there's some food magic karma going on in this kitchen because I swear the guys at GTAKB might give Whisk a run for their money!I happened to check this place out for lunch today because the lovely Jessica C. was dying to try it. When I walked in with my friend, we were promptly tended to and seated. The layout is essentially the same as it used to be (perhaps a little less cluttered), but the upside is that Whisk took the lunch crowd with them, so we didn't have to wait at all and parking was easy and available. We had our waters and lemonades and waited for our third party to show. The staff was super friendly and attentive and made sure to ask us if we had any questions about the menu. Before we had the chance to order, we were treated to a sampler plate of some delicious home-made Parmesan cheese spread, fig marmalade, and heirloom tomatoes in olive oil glaze with toast. It was sooooo good!We ordered the Hani's goat cheese sandwich with grilled portobello mushroom and herbs, and the grilled "Bell & Evans" chicken breast sandwich with avocado slices, Monterrey jack cheese and chipotle mayo!  They were both excellent and came with a side of wild greens, but everyone's favorite was definitely the goat cheese.As if it weren't enough that both the food and service were spectacular, after we were done with our meal, the chef Monica Rio came to our humble table and introduced herself, and asked us for suggestions on what she could do to improve the overall experience....WHAT?? F'REAL? I think this is the first review I write for a recently opened place that I don't have to give them the benefit of the doubt....way to go guys, I'll definitely be coming back for more! Ps- did I mention that all of their ingredients are organic and from locally grown farmers? extra brownie points for supporting the green movement and sustainable food practice!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,5/1/2009,47,18,7,11,11>I recently visited this tiny family own/run business located just blocks away from my High School Alma Mater. Let me tell you, if you don't know Gables well, you probably won't find this place, but Ramon C. was driving and he scope out the location because Maria A. could not stop talking about it.  I was told by Ramon C. he already check on dessert and we will make it on time before they close.  When i first step into the shop, I was like "this is nice, just my type of place because it's very simple decor with nothing fancy but very comforting as well."  Ramon C. ordered the Turkey and Brie sandwich on Multigrain per recommendation of Maria and I ordered the Grilled Mahi-Mahi sandwich per my conversation with one of the owners.  The owner told me the Mahi-Mahi was local and really freash.  Out came the sandwiches and I tasted mine, after the first bite I was speechless!  The fish was grilled to perfection!!  It has very nice grill marks on by side and was just pefectly cooked, you could taste the softness and freshness of the fish when it's cook right.  From the top of my head this is a great sandwich and I decided Ramon C. should have a tried and swap half of the sadwich with him.  The Turkey sandwich had a cranberry mayo, arugula and tomatoes on a multigrain bread.  The turkey sandwich was good, but it could not top the Mahi-Mahi and I regret swapping half with Ramon C aftewards.  The past 2 1/2 year I have visit many great cities by the sea and had so many variety of fish sandwich but none surpass this one!!  After I finished both half of sandwiches I was ready for dessert, Brendan's Famous Key Lime Pie was the only thing I could have according to Ramon C.  The slice of Pie was very fluffy and delicious, it got just the amount of tanginess in there and was not over powered by the sweetness which was perfection in my book.The folks behind this wonderful operation are not only great hosts, but were also kind enough to tell us how they started the place and some of the ideas behind the place.  Fresh fish, fresh meat etc.  You can really taste the freshness of the ingredients they use in their dishes.  I highly recommend this place if you like great fresh food served by wonderful people.  I will definitely be back to try their other sandwiches and the hamburger as well on Friday's only.  I hope I didn't bored anyone from this long review.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2009,4/30/2009,269,332,6,9,8>I just discovered this gem hidden in the heartlands of Kendall/Hammocks ! And I am so happy delicious and reasonably priced Jamaican food is minutes away from my house!It is in the Hammocks Center plaza in Kendall/Hammocks...where the Publix and CVS is. It is a store and restaurant, 2 in 1...who would have thought! The restaurant is colorfully decorated, placemats of laminated Jamaican maps and attractions on the table with small vases of flower...it is a chirpy place! The lady who served us was extremely friendly and warm...suggested dishes for us to try. We had the jerk chicken (which has a good kick) and the oxtail stew (very good too) and 2 spicy beef patties! How can you have Jamaican with no beef patties eh? They have fruit punch, but you can pop over to the store side and pick a drink out of the freezer. The entrees came with plantains and rice with beans. A good decent portion for lunch...I skipped dinner that night!They had something I never had before or seen in other Jamaican places...stew peas? I think it's peas with pigtails. The lady said it was really good...but I am not a fan of peas. Maybe I could eat off someone else's plate next time.Tip-bits:Restaurant.com coupons available!Late hoursBreakfast offered too!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2008,4/29/2009,163,84,7,7,7>Adriana D had mentioned this place and I figured yesterday was a good a time as any to check it out. With fellow Yelpers Maria A. and Nydia C. in tow we ventured off to find this 'Pizza Bar'. First thing we noticed upon arrival that Pizza Bar was not a bar. After a few minutes we placed our order for a large pizza 'all the way'. Some period time passes by and they inform us there has been a problem with our pizza and would comp us some slices while they baked us a new one. During this time we asked if we could bring in a bottle of wine and they said yes, so Nydia  and I walked over to our new found friend Walgreens on Lincoln and Collins. There weren't many choices , but I did recognize a bottle of Marques de Riscal 2004. After acquiring the wine we walked back to Pizza Bar and they uncorked it and gave us a few plastic glasses. The pizza arrived pretty soon after so it was perfect timing. After eating 1 of the massive slices they gave us earlier this pizza looked like a small imitation. Even though it was a large it had absolutely nothing on the slices that we had earlier. Note to self; get the slices instead of an entire pizza. The pizza was good regardless. The wine was flowing and I had great company. This was the perfect recipe for a night out.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2009,4/28/2009,157,158,7,16,11>After planning a trip to Europe for myself I had to figure out what to do with my Welsh Corgi, Icey.  After searching the web I found Doggies Gone Wild.  I liked what I saw online and decided to stop by to check them out.I met with Marco, the owner, and this place is cool! Their slogan of "Where cold noses play hard, bark loud, and relax," is very fitting!  First, there are no cages or crates, but rather cottages, various sized pens.  There is a big play area.  Also, many dogs are here for day care so there is a lot of time running around and playing.  Also, while I was on vacation, Marco sent over a dozen photos of my dog having fun and playing via email.  This was a nice touch and really reassured me that all was well.  The prices were reasonable and I can tell Icey had fun.  After I picked her up we both went home and just slept!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,4/27/2009,72,19,4,8,7>Yum yum yum. We love Daily Bread. It is one of our regular lunch spots. I come from Lebanese heritage, and the food is really quite good. It's hidden away in a little spot that you drive past all of the time on US1, but maybe have never seen. Entering, it looks like a cafeteria, but the taste is that of a sit down restaurant. I get the tabouli sandwich or if I'm in the mood for something more, I get the Falafel platter. My husband always gets the shwarma sandwich and a single ball of kibbee. Sometimes we share a Moujadra (lentils & rice).  Even with all of the food we get, it always comes out to just under $20.Each day that have a daily special that looks great, though never vegetarian, so I just have to look, not taste! They have soups daily, as well. They are open until 8pm, which is a funny time...so I always wind up there for lunch, not an early dinner. The grocery is great to pick up some ready made items, labneh, canned goods, and fresh baked bread!Once we called in a to go order on the way there, and arriving 5 minutes later it was all ready and waiting for us to pay at the register. Perfect!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2009,4/26/2009,153,1226,10,8,8>buck 15 is neat and i dont even like south beach to go out at night anymore. get there early if you do decide to check it out. buck 15 is tiny so it gets packed pretty quick and then theres a huge line to get in and when you do get in you almost wanna leave right there because getting a drink could take about 30 minutes. but ive had fun at buck 15 before. usually on weekdays. usually with a million friends.  its true that buck 15 escapes most of SoBe BS but not always. you do see guidos and hoochies here every now and then... that will hopefully stop happening before armageddon strikes miami
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2009,4/25/2009,179,117,7,9,7>What this place lacks in size it makes up for in ambiance. Beautifully decorated with subdued lighting and a surprisingly good selection of music (a compliation of staff ipods), this is a very romantic place that would make an excellent "impress your date" kind of outing. We went as a small group of four on Saturday night to check this place out. Divided in two sections, the dining area only has about 6 tables while the loungey area has two couches and a couple of chairs. We were lucky enough to snag a couch right away as we knew we weren't going to be having dinner - a decision which was reinforced when we saw the food prices!They have a fantastic selection of fancy sake drinks with witty names like Shiso Fly and Shiso Horny. At $13 a pop (not bad for South Beach drink prices) the only thing wrong with them is that they are so good you have to stop yourself from drinking them too fast. They also have an extensive selection of both bottled and draft beers for much more reasonable prices.I'd love to come back and give the food a try...but that's something I'll have to save up for!!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2008,4/24/2009,904,1293,12,16,15>They have moved to their new location.  The restaurant is spacious and beautiful.  They also have sofas outside for those who want to have a drink and appetizers and hang out.  It is though, too big now, so it seems empty with 5 couples, whereas in their old place that would have made it comfortable and cozy.They have changed the menu, and now have simplified it.  Unfortunately that means less to choose from.The Naan still is spectacular, and the food good. I will always be a huge fan of their Tikka Masala, its fantastic.    It is however pricey.  It is $19 and up for a main dish, mind you they come with no sides whatsoever.  You have to order rice or bread as a side or a vegetable dish.  The vegetable dishes are approximately $13 and up.  If you don't mind paying the prices, it still is the best Indian I have had in Miami to date.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,4/22/2009,38,15,4,6,5>Butter Gallery is a small, bright gem of an art space amid Coconut Grove's bar, restaurant and boutique scene. It shows modern works from South Florida artists, ranging from the simple, deconstructed faces of Ross Ford to more ornate and freaky works like lush paintings of animals constructed of human body parts and collages combining pen drawings with found photos and nametags. It's a great place to get a taste of Miami's art scene, and it also offers custom framing services should you want to take a piece home with you. Take a peek inside next time you see a movie at CocoWalk!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2009,4/20/2009,66,24,5,8,6>On a Friday night I was tasked with babysitting my sister's 3 kids.  And like a good aunt, I decided to take them out instead of keeping them cooped up inside.  I decided I would do a movie, dinner and ice cream on South Beach.I wanted to find a place that was within walking distance of the Regal South Beach and that didn't involve crossing any main roads.  And I, of course, wanted a place the kids would enjoy.  So after much deliberation, I decided to go to Piola.The place was busy for a Friday night.  The hostess said it would be about a 25 minute wait, but it took much less than that before we were seated, which was nice.  Loud dance music was playing and that was fine with me, as I like dance music, but it was also good in case the kids got rowdy.  We ordered the Honolulu (ham & pineapple) pizza and the Margherita (cheese & basil) pizza.  The pizzas were thin crust and and a bit on the flimsy side, but they were pretty decent.  And they were not greasy and were light on the stomach, which I was thankful for given all the food we had planned to eat.  The ham and juicy pineapple on the Honolulu were especially good compared to previous "Hawaiian" pizzas I've had.  Overall, I wouldn't say this was thee best pizza I have ever had, but it was definitely pretty decent and it served my purpose.  And the service was quick and efficient.  I was happy.  My niece and nephews were happy.  I'd go back there again.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,10/14/2012,168,261,16,15,6>Felt like writing a review on this place, from a guy's perspective. So here it goes:Better follow that GPS and use a little bit of common sense to find this place. After a few turns, wham, found #107. No sign at all, just the frosted glasses all around except for the top part of the door so you can see who's out there. Ring Doorbell, access granted..The first sign that caught my eye was "no boys allowed beyond this point". I get it, the last thing women want is to be trying on clothes and having these OTHER men trying to sneak a peak while changing. BUT, I do admit I was a little disappointed because I play a role in my wife's wardrobe.Anyway, the waiting area for "boys" has a TV with MTV or ESPN on. Nice comfy couch, chairs and a table incase you have some grub. Might as well grab a snickers somewhere, cause you won't be going anywhere for a while. Quick peek beyond the "restricted" area there were tons and tons of clothes. Luckily the staff is EXTREMELY helpful. We needed an outfit for a party, there were 5-7 selections my wife modeled for me (all were great, but I chose #4). Designs are excellent and their selection is limited - so  you won't expect to be caught wearing the same thing someone else bought at Express. Return policy is 3 days (not a typo, aka 72 hours). No worries, you'll come out looking delicious. How much? Expect to pay slightly less than a retail store at a mall, but not my much. The positive is in the fashion and selection. Great place for girls to shop and spend their husband's money. Now I'll probably need a 2nd job.....but my wife will continue to look gorgeous :)
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/13/2012,149,235,10,9,11>Eating House, it seems we have come full circle. It's been 4 and half blissful months. Yea, we hit that 3 month slump, where I thought if I ever ingested truffle oil or pulverized cereal again, I would puke, but we got past it. (thank God). A few days before EH graduates from its prelim pop-up run, let's do this high school yearbook style and reminisce:You met my family this weekend - the same once-skeptical group of well-heeled Venezuelans who were dismayed by string lights and the 8th street location many (five) moons ago. It's about time, wouldn't you say? I can't say it was easy; I kept you from them for a long time - I didn't think they would get past your graffiti-with-food-ethos. (Or, in the spirit of honesty, they're semi-pescatarian, and GRavioli's aversion to fish keeps the base of their food pyramid off of the menu), but it only took one meal to turn my not-so-baby cousin into a fan. So much so, that he brought his parents here, without me, four days before our month-long-planned family dinner. Jerk.But the food is just that good. It's crazy-inventive enough to impress the most jaded eater I know, yet still approachable enough to make a fan of the pickiest (homegirl doesn't even like tomatoes).In this final stretch, I'll submit my draft picks for the Eating House fantasy all-star menu: Florida Tomatoes (obvious choice, the LeBron James of this menu, if you will)Sea Scallops (specifically the iteration featuring charred sweet potato and cornbread puree, please)Cap'n Crunch Pancakes (I'm subbing the pancakes for Breakfast as dessert, because I made up the rules for this Fantasy Food League, and I do what I want). There have been many many other phenomenal dishes; maiz asado, 24-hour short ribs, pork belly buns, bone marrow,  pavlova, strawberries stewed in port, fried birthday oreos, the no-cheese mac n' cheese, etc - and even more I never got to try - but I'm not worried, I have a feeling you'll be back. Soon. There were definitely rocky moments at first--We'll never speak of the unfortunate dry duck incident of 2012, the great 9th of March famine, the burnt espresso misfortune or the uncured panna cotta debacle again--but they have all been more than made up for. Ten-fold, at least. (Where I suspect any other pop-up would chalk up these sorts of things to growing pains, EH went out of their way to rectify every less than stellar experience every time).But. let's be real, the whole purpose of updating this review is to give Eating House a star rating that more closely aligns with my credit card statements. More than the food, it's the 17-star service that keeps me coming back. Objectively, EH staffs the nicest people in Miami. Hands down. Alex, Julia, Chris, Joe, Peter, Mahitha and the rest of the staff are all phenomenal, absolute stars, simply the best (et cetera, ad nauseum) and the warmest of welcomers. Love love love them. (Papo's whatever)With only 8 days left, carpe acetaria (translate.google.com/#en|la|salad%0A%0A). I'll be the girl in the corner, crying into her scallops. Keep in touch, never change, xoxo,Caro
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,10/12/2012,328,239,7,9,6>Somebody once told me that Napoleon Bonaparte wanted to bring visual arts to Parisians by decorating Paris with paintings and sculptures. I don't know how much of this is true, but what is true is that over and over again someone creates an event where common people are allowed to enjoy fine art. Whether it is at a mall, at a hotel or at a government building, the trend is present and has lasted for hundreds of years.Fast forward to 2012, location Miami, Florida. Viernes Culturales is an event where restaurants, galleries, clubs and street vendors, among others, participate. Starting on 17th Avenue and down to 13th Avenue, merchants set up on the streets of Calle Ocho to turn it into what looks like a street fair. The City of Miami sets up an event area in the alley next to the Tower Theater to host DJs, performers, artists and sellers. Sponsors set up booths around here and offer free tastings and free gifts. Down by the McDonald's on 14th Avenue a mini market is set up where jewelers and carpenters are offering their goods.The restaurants that occupy the vicinity are all open for business. Probably this time of the month is the most active for them, though they don't offer anything special other than their regular menus. The most notable ones are Catharsis and Casa Panza, the latter making a giant paella outdoors. Almost all restaurant have performers playing Latin music or DJs either inside or outdoors. At one of the larger eateries I saw a whole orchestra set up outside.Probably the businesses that benefit the most are the art galleries. Some display the works of many local artist, some are owned by artists displaying their work. Most artwork is for sale, and some is just on loan for the occasion. Many studios also offer complimentary food and beverage, normally paid by a sponsor. The largest gallery of the bunch had a jazz trio when I visited. The band, along with the free wine, made things upbeat and sophisticated. Nightclubs and bars also have their doors open, regardless of the time of day. If you walk down the streets, you'll be able to buy drinks like "mojitos" and "Cuba libres". If you feel like getting down to boogie, you won't have a problem finding a good spot, let alone the fact that people are dancing on the streets.  Cigars shops close the roundup, surprisingly hosting performers and smokers alike.If you show up you will definitely have a great time. If you want to have dinner at Viernes Culturales I would recommend checking the restaurants' info prior to arrival. The galleries showcase some amazing artwork, and the streets are filled with beautiful knick knacks. The crowds are large but not suffocating, making it good for kids. Some bars are hosting great parties, and last but not least, you can stop by one of Miami's best ice cream parlors called Azucar.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,10/11/2012,70,65,6,17,9>On the last Saturday of every month, there is an event called FAT Village Art Walk... FAT (Flagler Arts and Technology) Village is located downtown just North of Broward Blvd on the intersection of 1st & 5th. The Art Walks are held on the last Saturday of every month from 7:00pm-11:00pm.... Oh and did I mention it's all FREE?We had such a great time walking around here - Our favorite (and I really hope I'm getting it right from the map) was the Fort Lauderdale Scenic Studio in 523A. This studio holds all of the props, costumes and whatever other fun stuff you've seen from events around Ft. Lauderdale. Like parade floats, massive Hard Rock signs from the boat parade, mermaids... And all of it is there for you to play with. You can touch everything, climb on it, take pics with it, go inside...whatever you want. So much FUN! All of the people that work here are so nice too. We were talking to one woman who said they just open the warehouse up because they love to see peoples reactions to everything. She even helped us pull out the 7 foot Rio Jesus... Yep!You can spend hours in each gallery and studio! There were a few galleries with serious artwork. Serious expensive artwork! There was also a bar with a live band playing with a free open bar! Of course the line was crazy, so we spent our $3 on a glass of wine each (cheap, right?) Such a great time!!!There were food vendors and a couple of art vendors in the street. We went into which was the Rolling Stock Gallery and Rolling Stock Alley. They also had a live band playing and artists doing graffiti in the back alley. In the middle area there was a blank banner with spray paint and sharpies in all colors to play with.... So we did!Definitely will be back again and again!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,10/10/2012,620,350,9,13,10>Discovering Will Call is like finding a crisp $20 on the street, looking around like a surprised flamingo wondering if this was a trick before picking it up and immersing yourself in your luck.This is not a dive bar, despite it's location and grungy logo outside. It's an extremely classy lounge with a laid back atmosphere, cool staff, and good music.The first time I went, there was a rock band playing hillbilly/"swamp rock" music and everyone was sitting at the bar, nodding their heads and digging the music. Very cool vibe. I did lose my phone here though (which was subsequently turned off and kept by whoever found it) - but hey, it's Miami and we live with Miami people -- no blame on WC.For those who frequent Grand Central or Peach Fuzz, this is a great place to stop by before (or after) for a casual drink. I'm assuming Will Call also captures a good amount of AAA concert goers that know about it.My only gripe is the name. Can't tell you how many times people naturally assume they're associated with concerts at the arena.Looking forward to making this my neighborhood bar.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/9/2012,276,46,5,12,9>There are not a lot of coworking spaces in Miami. Hell, the concept of coworking is relatively new period. "Isn't it just like an office rental you say?" Kind of. Sure, you have the standard desk rental, but coworking spaces also have shared desk space, good for travelers that need a place to duck in and do some work, as well as maybe work-related events. It's mostly the camaraderie of people working on different things under a shared roof rather than working in your spare bedroom talking to your best friends, Potted Plant and Playstation 3. Up until now there's only really been two major players: Buro and MiamiShared. Nestled in the Wynwood Building next to a bunch of art studios is the LAB Miami space. Run by a bunch of scrappy passionate folks, the setting is a little more informal and the people here seem to be younger and more into the concept of networking. They also have tech based classes here on a regular basis. I like their drive behind starting the space up and it reminds me a lot of the co-working spaces I've seen back in San Francisco, like The Hub or Citizen Space.As far as the space itself: it's a little small and the room acoustics is echoey, so if I'm on a phone call I go into the hallway. But for me, the pros outweigh the cons and this is now the place I go to co-work, and I'm looking forward to seeing these guys become larger and more successful.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,10/8/2012,221,253,7,10,8>A long time ago, my fellow Yelper Lourdes C. was singing the praises of Whisk. We could never get together and go because of the early hour the restaurant would close at its previous location. As soon as we heard they were moving and would therefore have later hours, we made it a point to go. (Obviously, this review is old but was drafted way back when too.)On a Tuesday evening the joint was packed solid. The wait was about 30 minutes. There's a small bar that was only serving wine and it was full of other people waiting for their tables. So we hung around outside until we were called.There were 4-seater tables and then a couple of communal tables right in front of the kitchen. I'm not that friendly and we had a lot of catching up to do, so we sat at a 4-seater. The decor was minimal, allowing the space to present its openness and simple furniture well. I appreciated the small rustic touches, like having mason jars with handles for drink glasses.Our waiter was super-nice and patient and accomodating. Wish I could remember his name.... He talked us through the wine list and helped us settle on a Malbec/Cabernet Blend. It was delicious and went so well with our meal.For apps, we had the bacon-wrapped dates and brown bag homemade potato chips. The dates were the perfect mix of sweet and salty and the potato chips were addictive! The chips are sprinkled with salt and parmesan cheese. Airy, savory and again, ADDICTIVE! For my entree, I ordered the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich, which wasn't on the menu but I requested it and the waiter was happy to have the kitchen oblige. The chicken was strips of breast meat, coated and fried to a great crisp. I mean, it was *just a sandwich* but what a delicious sandwich!! I also tasted both the Skirt Steak Sandwich and Charleston Chicken Salad Sandwich. The steak was so tender and juicy and the chicken salad was soooo good. Mmmm!!! For dessert, we indulged in Michy's Cupcakes.Overall a good experience. I'm glad Whisk moved to this larger space and changed the hours so that everybody can enjoy what they have to offer. My only two things to note are that the acoustics weren't the best so it was quite loud in there. We had to shout at each other to hold conversation. It's been a while since I've been so I'm hoping they've fixed that by now. Also, the parking was a bit of a headache.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,10/7/2012,284,497,8,10,13>My first review that really has me at a loss for words. How do I describe this place? Read about a vegan pop up dinner on the tasting table newsletter and really didn't know what to expect. I drive up to this little house and there is this entire rain forest slash animal farm in the back with chickens, turkeys, goats and even emus! Then there are these tree houses they rent out as B&Bs and the whole place is buzzing with volunteers and guests. And everyone is just warm and welcoming and so refreshingly not South Beachy.After a tour of the farm, everyone was assigned a table and the real fun began. We must have had 10 courses of vegan, locally grown dishes prepared by three local chefs. Each course was explained to us and the entire meal was centered around the three Ayurvedic doshas. Don't ask. Just google it.All of the volunteers did such an amazing job. The food just kept coming out at exactly the right times, it was incredibly well organized, yet everyone was relaxed and just had fun with it. We had so many dishes that it's impossible to remember all of them. Vegan sushi with homegrown arugula and ponzu sauce. Fresh corn "ceviche". Cucumber almond soup with cayenne pepper and Thai chili. Quinoa with Peruvian peppers? Vegan pasteles. Adzuki bean coconut sorbet. Fresh fig crostini/ pie?Cookies topped with coconut cream. Herbal infused tonics and kombucha. I'm sure I am butchering half of the descriptions. Needless to say i left stuffed, guilt free and energized. Met some awesome and interesting people- You know who you are!Special thanks to Ray, chef Keith and everyone else who put so much effort and love into this event. We need more urban self sustained farming projects. Keep educating!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,10/6/2012,587,1627,7,9,8>I had suspicions about "Egyptian Pizza" - simply because I had a bad experience at another place touting Egyptian pizzas in Dallas, Texas. But I came by here because of two things - 1) there's a dearth of good quality and tasty Middle Eastern fare in this part of Miami and 2) the reviews have surprisingly been consistently good. And this place being a no corkage fee BYOB establishment was a clincher since I had missed enjoying this in Texas where the concept is more popular.And the verdict? It's good. Actually really good. I have not had better pita bread in any other Middle Eastern restaurant in Miami (beats even the ones in Plantation). The baba ganoush was delicious and they don't even use tahini - which is a nice surprise as this allows the smokey eggplant to play a greater role. The spices in everything - from the lamb shawarma, baba ganoush, to every one of their other dishes were nothing short of tantalizing - they excel in their seasonings whereas other Middle Eastern places are often lacking in this department.The only downer is that they don't have more of a full Middle Eastern menu - you won't find malfouf, dishes with okra, arabic coffee, or any of that stuff - but that's probably is why this place focuses more on being a pizzeria. But their limited Middle Eastern menu options are enough to keep me coming back.Their pizzas are also tasty and good - far better than those I've had in Dallas. I wouldn't mind eating their pizzas as I have enjoyed eating them - but particularly for me, this place's allure is in its middle eastern offerings since when I think of pizza, this place isn't the first to come into my mind (too much competition). But for middle eastern cuisine, this place is among the very top of my choices.But yes, I still have a wish list for this place:- expanded middle eastern offerings- interior should look more romantic (dimmed lights, candles, etc)- offer hookah/shisha since there is not a place in Midtown for that - and this place would fit the bill nicely- sell pita breads by the package (since I like their pita more than those you can find in Publix and most other Arabic markets).I will be returning.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,10/5/2012,87,85,5,5,4>yes. yes. yes. yes! Pubbelly is a combination of everything a restaurant should be--Intimate, unpretentious, innovative, and freakin' delicious. I'm convinced that chefs are not the ones cooking the food, but a team of Santa's culinary elves and fairies from far flung places that sprinkle pixie dust on every dish. Everything I consumed at Pubbelly was beyond delicious, scrumptious, or plain old yummy. It was MAGICAL. Here's what I had:McBelly: The most tender pork belly, kimchi, and pickles are sandwiched between two pieces of hoagie (?) and lightly dusted with sea salt. One bite of this had me wanting to recreate Meg Ryan's scene in "When Harry Met Sally." Shortrib Tartare: This was the first tartare I've ever had and I think I will forever compare every tartare I eat to Pubbelly's. Incredible. Homemade Gnudi: Braised shortrib with pumpkin shitake, spinach, parmesan, and black lager make for an unbelievable combination of flavors. And the gnudi (a type of gnocchi made of ricotta cheese and a little flour) is so soft and delicate, you almost don't want to chew it. And finally, the star of the show....Nutella and foie gras: Never had I conceived the idea that Nutella and foie gras were a match made in heaven, but then again, whom am I kidding? I eat Nutella with potato chips. The nutty flavors of the Nutella and the foie gras spread are a must try. Thank you, Pubbelly, for simply existing and creating food that could make me cry.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,3/8/2013,1208,265,5,11,6>Is it not that it is fancy, or the beaches are awesome, or the food is amazing - it is just quiet and peaceful.   People come to Ocean Reef to chill out and enjoy the facilities.   My top things to do at Ocean Reef:...Chill with my kids...Kayak through the mangroves...Go reef fishing...Fish off a dock...Have a great drink...Swim in the pool...Enjoy a lunch out doors - hit the make your own Bloody Mary bar...Meet nice people...Eat at the raw bar...Walk the docks and meet more peopleIt is actually closer than you might think.   It takes about an hour from Miami and the drive down Card Sound Road is amazing.   If you are aventurous, you can stop at Alabama Jacks on the way.  This is a private members club, so you will need to join, or know a member.   The hotel on property is very nice, I'd say a 3 1/2 star.  All the restaurants are above average.  The Raw Bar is probably the most best place to grab a lunch and a nice drink.   The 3 things that stand out the most is that it is a secure place, unpretentious and very well maintained.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,3/7/2013,250,256,14,24,14>It's worth the drive. I know, it's far as flock. But it's also dirt cheap and unlike any other Farmer's Market in the 305 (or 954 or whatever the area code for WPB is, if anyone cares). Here's what we scored on our most recent trip:2 mangoes, 5 small zucchini, an extra large tomato, a couple of handfuls of small grape tomatoes, 3 ears of corn, fresh spinach, one bunch of cilantro, a green bell pepper, a red bell pepper, 3 jalepeno peppers, 2 bunches of dried peppers, a miniature apple, a chinese eggplant, and a bunch of small bananas.It cost us $16. No joke.One word to the wise - do a lap around the covered outdoor market before purchasing from your vendor of choice. Talk to the people in charge. Ask them what's local and if they use pesticides. Many will give you samples of exotic items if you chat them up.My favorite stand had a large variety of fruits and veggies. The woman working there graciously taught us about some of the items we weren't familiar with and was honest about what was local and what wasn't. Juxtapose that with a young man working one of the booths at the other end; he shorted us $1 in change (the dollar wasn't a big deal, but he pretended he wasn't doing it when really he just didn't have the right amount of change) and lied about the produce being local. It's pretty obvious when the sticker on the papaya says "Peru" and has a bar code, señor, that it ain't local.Otherwise it's an alltogether awesome experience. You truly feel like you've travelled to Guatemala or Mexico (except everyone speaks English). The market is complete with rows of cheap socks and other goods for sale (not my bag but cool nonetheless) and food stands sellling lunch on the cheap to patrons dining at plastic tables and chairs. Parking is free but sometimes scarce.Bottom Line: This is the best place in Miami to buy produce!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,3/6/2013,423,372,18,19,18>I am a bit embarrassed that it took me SO long to get over to People's when it's just a few blocks from work. Just sayin'.Today, I was on a rib-mission and just went straight for it. Never mind the fact that I still had hours of office work to go on a Friday when I returned to the office. I wanted ribs. And the *itis* is nothing that a healthy dose of colada can't help. The ribs were ON TIME, super tender and seasoned just right. I wanted to try the meat itself first, so I went for the sauce on the side. I was a bit surprised to see a mustardy sauce, but it's a great compliment to the meat. I also had a quarter of chicken. I knew it would be a ton of food, but this lazy girl was not wanting to cook tonight. Anhoo, the chicken was super tender and I can't wait to finish off with my other leftovers tonight. Since I hardly ever see okra and tomatoes on the menu anywhere down here, I had to have that. And one of my standard sides at ay bbq joint is always the baked beans. They were sweet as hell and I'm may have tasted maple syrup along with a dash of magic, because they were quite unique. The waitress brought sweet little cornbread rolls to the table and they were gone in 2.2 seconds. The best part, I got a ton little meaty ribs and a quarter chicken with two sides for $12?? Hell yes.I have to agree with the others that if you are in hurry, this is not the place. Get ready to sit back chill, stuff your face, get covered in grease and hopefully be able to take a nap afterwards.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/5/2013,139,234,4,5,3>For a while I obsessed with this Bar/Restaurant along with my good friend, CDF. While I didn't attend as much as she did, I found Edge to be a place to unwind after a long, tiring workday. The cocktails are always on point and service is outstanding. Jack and John keep this bar running at a high standard, and I really appreciate that.My two signature favorites cocktails are: * BBQ COLLINS: Bourbon, Lemon Sour, BBQ Bitters and a splash of Amber Ale. The BBQ flavor is interesting to say the last. At first I was skeptical to order the drink. I am not a big fan!* LAST WORD: Gin, Green Chartreuse, Luxardo Marachino, Lime. A Gin lover at heart, the Last Word sounded great from the start. I still order it to this day. It's that good.A couple of months ago the Happy Hour concept was revised. Edge now offers 2x1 on small bar bites. This is most welcomed since snacks/bites are always a must when drinking. I highly recommend the croquetas and the antichucho. * ANTICUCHO: Grilled beef skewers with Gem Potatoes, Panca Chili * CROQUETAS: Chickpea and Parmesan Croquetas served with Five Herb DipOysters were excellent if you feel a bit more adventurous. They are a buck per oyster. Not bad! (and the mignonette sauce is savory).It's been a while since I have Edge'd... hopefully soon. Very soon!Until we Edge again...
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,3/4/2013,211,141,7,19,11>Owner/operator Victor Ruiz came to Miami when he was five years old, fleeing the war in Nicaragua.  Little did he know that he would absorb American and Latin American hot dog culture, culminating in the creation of his little shop Sweet Dogs in Little Havana.Sweet Dogs offers 1/4-pound, all-beef Nathan's hot dogs (twice the size of those offered at most places), and also Italian and Polish sausages.  The dogs are available with about 18 different toppings and additions.  Suggested combinations are named after South Florida sports teams, and some others.  The menu posted here lists the ingredients, but one thing that is different from typical Latin perros joints is that he offers other "crunchifying" toppers besides the usual papitos (shoe-string potatos).  He adds chow mein noodles, corn chips and garlic croutons.Another plus is that your hot dog can be had either boiled, grilled (on a flat-top grill) or deep-fried, a la New Jersey style!  I asked, and yes he knows about New Jersey "rippers."I had a "Panthers" special, as photographed above.  It included grilled ham, sauteed peppers and onions, sesame seeds, sweet pickle relish, sweet and sour sauce and chow mein noodles.  It was made fast, hot and fresh, and was pretty wild tasting.  I liked it, although be warned that it is very messy.  If you eat this in your car, you and the car will end up wearing it.  I'll have to try some others to see what is my favorite.  I would have ordered at least two, but the hot dog is so substantial that it would have gone to waste.I had some seasoned fries, which are from frozen, but are of decent quality and properly fried.  He also offers house-made BBQ Beans, Mac & Cheese and Beef Chili.  The "chili" is more of a spicy meat sauce for the dogs, in my opinion, not the usual Texas-style "Bowl of Red."  It is heavy on the cumin, and has some black beans in it.Common Miami sodas, along with some Snapple offerings are available, and sundaes, cones, and milk shakes (maybe there's a soft-serve machine in back?).It has a typical Little Havana too-small parking lot, but there's an alley in back with no "No Parking" signs, and also swale parking on nearby side streets.  It's mostly take-out, with four counter seats indoors, and a little four-seat table outside.A welcome addition to the Miami hot dog scene, with its own twist on things.  I'll return, and I recommend you try it, too.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,3/3/2013,104,216,4,10,5>A hidden gem in the middle of, you wouldn't guess it, Doral!  Who knew that authentic and yummy Japanese existed here?  One of the first things that made me happy was to see that they had both Kawahagi (fish jerky) and Chikawa (fish cake - a dish that I couldnt find being served in South Florida for a decade!).  Both were served great so that gives it a super plus!Then I find out they have some of my other favorite dishes, so I dont have to jump to various restaurants just to get my fix.Hotate Fry - scallops coated in katsu crumbs and fried.  YUM!Tanin Don - beef and onion omelet over rice. YUM YUM!Kawahagi - one of 2 places that makes it, and makes it well!!Fried Chikawa - if they could just make it with the cheese, my childhood memories would be completely revived! but otherwise, this is great!Croquettes are pretty good as well; I like the Corn and the Curry Croquette.  Pretty interesting and different.Katsu Curry - its just okay here.  I would rather go to Yakko San for this; the curry they use as Maido is a bit different and not as good.Salmon Rice Ball in Tea Broth - Not sure why this is so good but its a favorite among my friends.  I guess because its really light, but to me it seems very non substantial.  Albeit, it does look super light!Go here and you wont be disappointed!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,3/2/2013,697,2029,13,17,9>This was my first visit to Tropical Acres since the fire and complete rebuild of the place. When I pulled up, the outside looked like the old Tropical Acres with plenty of highly visible handicapped parking. Just about everybody that goes there seems to have a handicap sticker and oddly enough, though entirely new on the inside, sort of looks like the earlier 1970's décor on the inside. I had just finished working on a boat so I was looking somewhat scruffy, wearing shorts, a Calcutta skull and cross bones t-shirt, loafers and of course sporting my disheveled appearing hippie long down to the shoulders hair. So, I made a bet with myself, an elegant martini up if I'm seated in a prime area or a bourbon Manhattan on the rocks if seated in remote out of sight area of the restaurant. Ha! A bourbon Manhattan it was since recalling Tropical Acres as it was before the fire it was more of a sure thing than a bet. Even though it was Monday night and hardly crowded, I was immediately escorted out of prominent view to the remote rear side of the restaurant whereas others, all elderly, some wearing dated ties and sport jackets with one women should mink stole (really, she was) were seated more prominently. Years ago I used to generally find myself the youngest person in the place and now, decades later, and presently knocking on the door of 70, I still found myself one of the younger patrons if not the youngest.As expected, the service was impeccable and my meal, being the special of the night, demiglace bone in veal chop, couldn't have been better. The reason I made that order is that I was sure that for steak, their basic dish, they would have difficulty coming up with anything the likes of Capital Grill, Morton's' or Ruth Chris which, being pretty much able to tell meats by their looks and presentations, I visually confirmed. Basically Tropical Acres a nice upper class darn good restaurant but with nothing really superior about it or particularly unique in its offerings. It's just a place to get a very good meal in a somewhat classy atmosphere at prices that, considering today's market, are actually rather fair. And yes, dinning there is sort of a stroll back in time; kind of back into the 70's which of course is when this restaurant first opened.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/1/2013,708,615,3,8,5>Why can't this be here all year round? I am simply smitten by this local farmers market. It seems to have all of the vendors that frequent other markets around the area but MORE. I like to arrive early on in the day, guaranteeing that almost all the stands are eager to offer free samples. True, it always makes me feel a little guilty when I walk away, but it also has led me to buy things I never would have thought of trying before. Every Saturday you can find a jolly man who sells THE most delicious breads and pastries I have ever had (and he takes credit cards), plenty of fresh vegetables, guacamole and dips, the conch truck, hot sauces, jellies, gourmet pickles, sea salts, sweets of every sort (last week there was a huge school bake sale where you could find just about anything) and prepared BBQ and Latin food, alongside fresh flowers and moderately priced veggie plants. I had to try hard to keep my wits about me and not buy everything in sight.  Is it Saturday yet?
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,2/28/2013,298,503,20,25,17>No menu?No prices?No what?Are you crazy?Well, maybe. Crazy for Cafe La Buca!I gotta say, I was hesitant going in but they delivered. The whole thing is an experience from start to finish. You have to make a reservation as there are only 9 tables. Because of this you are not rushed out. Once you secure your reservation, the night is all yours. Then you get there and it looks like any local pizza take out place inside and out (maybe a little nicer). It is in this tiny shopping strip next to a barbershop and really casual. Anything goes! Shorts? sure. Cap? sure! Flip flops? go ahead! You can expect to pay anywhere from $ 35-$50.00 per person.  You feel like you should be paying much less because of the location. However, it's about the food and not the location. If you paid that in Miami Beach or Las Olas you would not bat an eye. Our friends were already seated when we got there and the waitress came right out to greet us. She then told us all about what they had that night. As she spoke they were already bringing out food. Apparently we were starting with the mozzarella platter and their brussel sprouts. I HATE brussel sprouts but yet here I was fighting for them with everyone else. Same thing for the mussels. I don't usually care but I did this particular night. The mozzarella was melted and ooey gooey bites of sinfulness with each one. Their bread. Sigh. Their bread was SO good. I had to keep pushing the basket away or I would have had the entire thing. Now you do have a choice as to what to get. They tell you what they have and you say "yeh or neh". Since you don't know the prices you go with your gut. Literally. You are not worried about prices so you go with what just sounds good. Naturally we ended up ordering a pizza (had to try it), the gnocchi, the lasagna and the ribeye. Too much? Oh well. Everything was great with the pizza and the lasagna leading as the standouts. The ribeye was a little fatty for my taste and a little unrefined but it was still tasty. Now, let's talk about the pizza. One of the best pizzas I have ever had in South Florida. It's all about their dough. Nothing like it. I usually leave crusts and I was eating every inch of this pizza. When we were leaving I even asked my friend "Is it bad that I am so full and I am already craving more of this pizza?". Desserts were OK. The cannoli was their best of all the ones we tried. (tiramisu and a cake I can't recall). They can work a little more on that. It is BYOB or in our case BYOW! No corkage fee. Yes! I did not love the wine glasses they had. They were a little too thick for my taste like you can almost serve ice cream in them. I just might bring my own next time too. Throughout the meal Chef Marco is walking around yelling orders, loudly talking to the customers, laughing and having a great ole time. It feels like you are in his house. His mamma is there too and they go back and forth in Italian. Everyone speaks Italian which is great to see! AUTHENTIC my friends. No faux accents here. I was taking a photo of a dish at one point and he told me to stop. There was an odd pause but he was only joking. Phew! He is part of the experience I am talking about. A great one at that!I am already planning a return visit because I absolutely MUST have that pizza again (and maybe then again and again). Let the countdown begin...
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,2/27/2013,444,433,7,10,9>If only there were a place where all your eclectic friends could share a meal; the discriminating foodie, the alternative hipster, the über conscious vegan, and the open-minded omnivore. Wait, there is and it's called Sublime. Everything on the menu is vegan although not necessarily calorie-conscious. Prices are a bit higher than average, but I don't mind since 100% of their profits go to organizations that promote animal welfare and a vegan lifestyle. I have only sampled a few things on the menu, but I can recommend how to begin and end your meal. You have to share a bowl of Frito Misto with the table and order a slice of coconut cake for dessert. The cake was so rich and thick that I brought most of it home in a to go box and it took me nearly a week to finish it. Seriously. The ambiance and food presentation are both serene and service is spot-on. Feels like I should do some digestive yoga afterwards. The bar is your best bet for a bargain. Happy Hour is Tuesday - Friday, 5:30 p.m. - 7:30 p.m. featuring beer, wine by the glass & specialty cocktails half-off and there's a special menu of smaller portioned and priced dishes. BOTTOM LINE: Something for everyone!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,8/8/2009,115,143,4,7,4>Just opened, apparently very popular up north, I went with a bunch of buddies from Detroit that are chicken wing connoisseurs that told me this is where you go if you like spicy chicken. The decor was a mix between TGI Fridays & Hops, with a fine array of big screen TVs this is the place to go to for the game. With tall glasses of beer going for about $4 you can defiantly get your rowdiness up. We kept the menu simple being a lot of our first time, we went 50 wings, 25 Mango Habanero & 25 Spicy Garlic. There's about 20 different sauces listed from sweet to BLAZIN'. Mango habanero was 3rd to last in spiciness and it was really kicking through the sweetness of the mango, be careful the sauce is so spicy that it will burn your lips. I'm a fan of spicy foods so I couldn't leave without trying the hottest wings they had. Our waitress, the lovely Paris, gave us a face of like "are you sure you guys want that?" I was told I wouldn't be able to make it through one, so we ordered one for everyone at the table and sent it down the pipe, wow this is burn the inside, outside of you mouth and anyone around you HOT. The wings were amazingly-blazin'ly delicious, but wow was service terrible even with two managers on deck. We wanted to watch the Panther's game on FSN, and they didn't have the channel, it took like 30 minutes to get our first round of beers out, another 40 to get those last 6 blazin' wings out. I'm guessing everything is new and people are finding their groove. But, this place surprised the hell out of me.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2009,8/7/2009,257,180,7,10,7>I loved it I loved it I loved it! Anthony's Coal Fire Pizza ROCKS! I can only review on takeout bc that's what we had at work today and I was not the one to go pick up the food. So I'll just stick to my tastebuds for this one ;o)I don't even know how to begin to describe these pies. They were SO good that it didn't even feel like a pizza day...it felt like a culinary goodness day! We had a cheese pie and a specialty ricotta and meatball pie, The pizzas were so different from each other, but both were so good! What it boils down to is the quality of ingredients used...the dough was good, the sauce was savory, fresh herbs could be seen throughout both pies, the cheeses were fantastic melt in your mouth kind of cheeses, and the meatballs seemed to be freshly made too! Yes, the crust was a bit "burnt," but like they say...their pizzas are "well done!" It is an effect of the coal fire and it is an effect that I liked! I'm telling you, if you haven't tried Anthony's, you really have to try it soon! I was full after a slice of each, but had to keep going in for more because of how good the taste was! Now I just can't wait to go to the actual place and have a nice cold brewskie with my pizza-Heaven! *Side note- my friend arrived at Anthony's to pick up our lunch at around 11:45AM and said the place was packed! He only waited a few minutes though as we had called our order in around 11:15. He also said that while waiting that the employees keep asking him if he had already been served and and that all the employees there seemed to be happy bc they all were pleasant and had smiles on their faces :)
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,8/6/2009,223,96,9,10,8>I found this place, located conveniently next to one of my favorite lunch haunts, Barrio latino, In Aventura.I poked my head in the door and was immediately ressured by the very asian "wha I do fo you naiels?" No appointment, and I had my feet securely tucked in a steamy tub of heavily salted water within five minutes. The chairs were top notch and comfortable, obviously new and well maintained, which, if you enjoy your pedicures like I do, is the cherry on top of the whole experience. All of the equipment was professional and the entire spa had a calm, soothing vibe despite the bustle. Even the TV volume was a perfect level for easy attention without being overwhelming.The woman who took confident charge of my feet was a miracle worker. I wish I'd taken before and after pictures! She even managed not to tickle me too badly with the pumice stone while still removing the cement like calluses from my poor overworked-why-do-I-love-Four-inch-heels-so-much feet. A young guy named Tim came over to simultaneously do my manicure, all from the comfort of my massage chair. Ahhhh.....hand and feet massages..... The manicure was gentle and effective, and I barely even noticed the cuticle trimming, a stage that usually has me cringing and holding my breath. (I've had a few sheared too close and that SUCKS!!!) No such travesty at Tim's competent hands! My manicure was perfect and even if the color I chose ended up being not quite right, well, that's all my fault, isn't it? Just my luck I smudged both my big toes within an hour of leaving the salon....(don't you HATE that???).....and had to return today to correct my clumsy blunder. I also decided to correct my poor color choice and switched my finger color. Tim to the rescue! My toes and hands back to perfect condition within a half hr, with a little mini manicure included with the nail color change for only seven dollars total! The pedicure repair was generously on the house. The initial visit was just 35 dollars, a special for mani and pedi done together. Of course I tip as well, so it ended up being around fifty. Still a very reasonable price for a mani pedi combo done with the finesse and frills of this great salon.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,8/5/2009,286,311,6,19,12>Surreal! What a cute place! Next door to the Biltmore, the Venetian Pool is a little havre de paix! The coolness of the place is dumbfounding I went there at opening time on a Sunday morning and quickly enjoyed the freshness of the cool water, and relaxed under the waterfalls and caves that shade you from the sun. I had a marvelous time! This place is so much fun. They have birthday parties, safety trainings and there's a little food shop at the entrance. You have lockers for the day and chairs for rent, but the beach (small sand area) is free and you can leave your stuff there. The entrance price is a bit excessive: 10.50 dollars but once you get there you stay all day and can actually leave and come back with the receipt in the afternoon if you need to eat outside. Totally a great place to take your friends and family.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,8/4/2009,620,350,12,16,12>Best park EVER!This is my second time here and it seems like I will never run out of things to do. My first time I went mountain biking. This past Saturday I went kayaking. You're also able to sun bathe, go snorkeling, fishing and probably a lot more.The single kayak rents for about $18 for an hour and a half, and up to $25 for 3 hours. The kayak-for-two was $34 for the 2 hours we spent.We did a variety of things on our kayak - we went out to two different islands (one I lovingly call Douche Island for its amount of boats full of douchey guys drinking Heineken's and playing the same bad trance song over and over.). Regardless, it was quite the adventure. I hear you can also see manatees if you're lucky.Best of all - I got a hardcore workout.Definitely head to Oleta if you have no plans on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon. Rest assured you WILL find something to do and it will very likely be a lot of fun no matter which activity you wish to partake in.Here's a link to bike/canoe/kayak rentals and tour prices: bluemoonmiami.com
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,8/3/2009,77,119,3,7,4>I like Havana Harry's because it's in the hassle-free Gables part of town. It's a big restaurant with plenty of parking on the side or back and even accross the street in a metered parking lot. Beware of the towing signs. It's also not obnoxiously latin (and I can say that since I am cuban).There's a full bar which offers tasty pitchers of Sangria. I also recommend the tostones rellenos which have pieces of vaca frita on top with sour cream. It's divine. I always get a cup of malanga soup, because you can't find it in many places unless it's the special of the day. It's a bit more expensive than the usual eateries like La Carreta, Sergios, or the ever-lasting Versailles. Nonetheless, they have a large menu which even includes healthy items like their Havana Harry's salad. The portions here are also very big. It's a nice atmosphere and they always suggest a cafesito for your post-dining conversations. I took a client here who recently moved out of state and missed cuban cuisine. He had never been there and was glad I didn't take him to the regular latin restaurants. Hurray for Harry's!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,8/2/2009,944,946,6,15,9>I'd been wanting to stop by Enriqueta's for lunch for a while now, and had brushed up on my knowledge of the place by reading all the prior rave reviews.  I was finally able to go for lunch recently, and man, everyone was right on the money about this place!Small dining area, crazy parking, and what can best be described as brusque service, though good, in its own way.  The portions are out-of-countrol big, and the prices are so low, I almost don't want to tell anyone else (who doesn't already know) about this place for fear of having them sky-rocket!I opted for the pan con bistec especial, which for $5.50 + tax, could easily have been 2 meals (but I was really hungry, so it wasn't).  The steak was cooked well and topped with tomatoes, onions, and pepitas galore.  All pressed together on yummy Cuban bread.  What more could you ask for in a sandwich?My lunch companions both opted for bistec de pollo entrees (pounded-out chicken breast), with different sides.  They both enjoyed it, but one of them found more cartilege in her chicken than she would've liked.  The tostones were light and crisp - not super-greasy, like they are at many establishments.  On top of all that, they bring you buttered Cuban bread in a basket while you await your meal.My Enriqueta's experience could not have been better!  Though it would've been nice for our waitress to let us know we pay at the front, but we figured it out eventually...  I can't wait to go back!!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,8/1/2009,120,48,20,18,13>Should I begin with the fact that the business card has Mr. and Mrs. (?) Le's cell phone numbers?  No, I will get to that in a moment...I will start with my dilemma and why I'm going to request that Mr. Le be put in line for beatification.  Sigh.I'm not going to lie; I'm not a tiny a girl, not a big girl, just a normal tall girl...who is a little, uh, naturally busty.  So when a girlfriend (God bless her) asked me to be one of her nine bridesmaids I was honored.  It's her day, so whatever she wants is good for me, but ladies keep your bridesmaid's figures in mind when choosing a dress.  The cute strapless, cocktail Badgley Mischka dress will--I have little doubt--look amazing on the tiny bridesmaids I will be towering over on Sunday, but me, well--I needed Khai Le!The dress was supposed to me my size, hell, I even went a size up from the measurements.  When I tried it on and tried to zip, well it stopped right at the level of, ahem, the girls.  PANIC! Wedding was 20 days away.  I stopped eating all carbs or anything that resembled a carb and sent an emergency email out for "the best tailor." I arrived at Khai Le's with 19 days and told him just take it out as much as you can.  I figured between starving myself and some help from the tailor, it would be tight but it would fit for the day.12 days until the wedding I went back and to my dismay...the dress could not be taken out--at all.  AAAAH!  I put the dress on, secretly hoping the carbs had caused me to drop a cup size and lose 2-3 ribs. Surprise, still no zip.  Khai Le said, no problem, I will take some of the lining and add panels under your arms.  Come back on Thursday to try again...I handed him back the dress and told him I was counting on him!4 days until the wedding I returned, nervous.  I was putting a lot of faith in his handy work but he knew not fitting wasn't an option.  He handed me the dress, smiling and I took it with a furrowed brow.  I slipped the dress on...ZIP! Not only did it fit--the damn thing was loose.  I came out and wanted to twirl in my happiness!!! He made some final adjustments--to take it in at the bust "for support" he said and measured the hemline.  I'm going back on Saturday morning to pick up the dress for Sunday's wedding.  Khai Le saved me, literally.  I told him he was a genius.Work crazy hours like me? Khai's "house of genius" opens at 7am.  Don't want your tailor to criticize you but just get the job done, he is your man.  I think I have a crush...
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2008,7/30/2009,196,262,8,15,10>I love it here. Good food, reasonable prices, great service, and a personality all it's own!Don't let the name fool you, there are plenty of non-seafood items here to choose from, but if you're looking for fresh seafood then skip the "Dead Lobster" nearby and come here instead.When there's a game on, it gets a little crowded so find a seat at the bar and watch the big TV. They have Amber Bock on tap for you beer lovers.When there isn't a game going on, the place rocks with great music!My favorite fish item is the Big Fish Sandwich (or "Big-ass fish sandwich")The fish is so big it really needs two buns, and it's very fresh!Just squeeze on some lemon, maybe add some of the excellent home-made tartar sauce and chow down. It's also very cheap, unlike that other place down the road.Not big into seafood? You can order any of the pasta dishes, which are also quite excellent (The owner is Italian) and definitely try the Chicken Parmesan which is also made fresh, or any other of the great items on the menu. Don't drink Coke if your thirsty, instead try the Sweet Tea that's fresh brewed southern style which is made SWEET and good, usually made by the owner's wife herself (it's got to be good, she lives off the stuff)This Kendall establishment is a great example of how a family owned and operated places should be. Long live the Rock Fish!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,7/29/2009,355,72,9,13,11>This place has it all!  I've only ever bought binoculars and accessories here from time to time but never really committed to any serious hardware. Until........I decided flat-out to get back into photography which was my childhood pastime and one I was extremely proficient at.  So for the last few months I've read up on all of the reviews, looked into equipment and accessories and made up my mind on what I wanted and where I wanted to spend my money (i.e. online and not at a brick and mortar store).  When I walked into Pitman, I honestly was only there to get a hands-on of the rig I was about to buy online, but their staff was awesome, made me feel comfortable and their prices were practically the same (+/- 2-3%) as the online vendors, that I just went with it and dove right in.  After the initial purchase I've since been back 2 additional times dropping big bucks each time but happy to do so as I'm getting exactly what I want and no waiting for them to arrive as you do when you order online.  Instant gratification and warranty counter service to boot.All said, they'll continue to gain my continued business as long as they keep stocking the good stuff.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,9/12/2010,179,117,11,10,10>okay, to be honest, I can't really stand behind my review 100% because I have not been here sober...BUT, from if memory serves me correct (it's possible), this place was pretty damned good! I had the Supermoon Perro - sausage, bacon, cheese, potato crisps, a bunch of sauces and a quail egg (?!) - oh yeah, there was a hot dog in there too I think! and a beer (yes, more alcohol) and it was so immense I couldn't finish it. it was a mish-mash of flavors but it was still remarkably good. At $5.50 you really can't beat that.I certainly think that it is best reserved for drunken recovery and hangover, but I really do want to try it on the regular to give it a fair review. I'm sure I'll be back again before long, not as sure whether I'll be sober or not!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,9/10/2010,224,140,8,12,8>I have been meaning to write a review for this place for over a year and thanks to Colleen, I am stopping work right now to do it !!This is positively absolutely the most honest , fair and reasonably prices repair shop on the Beach and in my experience in almost 10 years living here - I am willing to say Dade county !!The place is called Larry's but the manager is Garry. He is the nicest shop manager ever. My first experience there was in the great South Beach Flood of 2009 when all of West Avenue was under water and I unknowing followed behind 3 trucks into about 3 feet of water - engine   cooked and drowned !!!The same day I had a flight to PR and I left my car at the recommendation of my boss at Larry's - Garry gave me the bad news that I needed a new engine but I most say that I was up and running again in less than a week with a new engine and all the little things that I neglect on my cars fixed.1. Windshield wipe blades and fluid.2. Trunk organized to find all tools and spare tires.3. Inspected motor mounts - found one needed to be replaced ( i thought it was the transmission ) he could have easily ripped my of for another $1000+ and told me that instead.4. Fixed my front bumper mountingTotally worth the price which was $1000 less than Infinity or Nissan or the local Firestone would have charged me and I was driving again in less than a week with a nicer engine - and I have all aftermarket stuff like header, intake cams, cold air intake - same price.I only take my car here and my boss even pays for my maintenance instead giving me a raise but what can you do - I am driving a 12 year car that rides great because of these guys.BTW - I did go back and get my motor mounts done and car is shifting like baby oil and the back of Victoria Secrets model's ...... instead of shifting like a Bucking Bronco Ride in Key West when they throw the fat drunk guy off ....Do yourself a favor --- take a Friday off and go shopping and eating on Lincoln road and drop off your car in the morning and drive home that night --- and bring the guys some Pizza
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,9/9/2010,675,517,10,15,10>I have to thank Rebecca for showing me this lil spot in Miami. We went yesterday to catch up and of course to try those famous paninis. and although I ended up trying the wrap version instead...it was DELICIOUS!! I opted for the Ay Chihuahua veggie wrap that comes with avocado, spinach, tomatoes and cheese..and yes..I was quite sad when I took the last bite. I was a bit overwhelmed with the wide selections of teas so i went a bit safe and tried the green jasmine tea. The decor is quite modern but at the same time relaxed and inviting. The only thing I did notice was that it seemed we were the loudest in the whole place....everyone else was busy doing homework and browsing the web. I felt by the time we were done everyone knew our entire life! LOL I've already told my friends about this place and it won't be my last time visiting. oh and the owners are quite knowledgeable about tea and super nice!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,9/8/2010,43,42,9,10,8>And you call yourself a foodie? Nah, don't think so. At least not until you've been over to La Camaronera in Little Havana.      In my opinion, for a coastal city, Miami is severely lacking in reasonably priced fresh seafood establishments. One exception to this generalization is La Camaronera. Here, in the heart of Little Havana lies an outpost of the local fish suppliers The Garcia Brothers. The main attractions here are batter and fresh seafood. Everything is fried. Everything is fresh. Everything is delicious. Best of all, everything is cheap. A few musts eats/tries:       The Fried Shrimp. Probably the best in Miami. I usually order the platter, but the fried shrimp sandwich is great as well. Also, don't forget to ask for the "salsa picante", it goes great with everything here.      The pan con minuta, which is basically yellowtail snapper w/ tail, fried, on Cuban bread, with tartar and cocktail sauce. I think this goes for about 3.99$. Also, look for the pan con minuta on "Fish Box" food truck which should be hitting the streets by mid September.      Next, the black eyed pea fritters are 5 for 1$. I get these not so-much for the taste, even though the taste is really good, but rather for the perfect texture that the fritters form after taking an oil bath. Probably not the best thing for your health, but it's definitely good for the soul.       Finally, the fried lobster is perfect, it's erotic, and it's so good it should be made illegal. My brother, sister and I split a fried lobster platter last week and were all amazed by the greatness of this dish. Not rubbery, not dry, not anything other than moist, fresh, hot, flavorful lobster in La Camaronera's delicious homemade batter. Simply Heaven.      It should be noted that La Camaronera is standing room only, not due to the large crowds, but rather, because they have no chairs.... So hopefully all that standing will help work off all those fried food calories....  OR NOT!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,9/7/2010,194,773,6,8,9>And again, I have returned to Maria's.  This is just a great little family owned gem with some great eye-candy.  I decided that one of the items in my order had to be something I had never tried before:Avgolemono (egg, lemon, and chicken soup)Saganaki -(flaming cheese)Gyro PlatterSpecial - Stuffed peppers and tomatoesThe chicken soup and the saganaki arrived within minutes of us ordering.  Talk about a little show, the server lights the cheese on fire at the table, lets it take hold and then puts it out with some liquids that augment the flavor of the cheese.  While it didn't come apart easily, it still tasted rather good.  Definitely something worth getting again.  The soup is always good.  My friend must have a soup with dinner and he doesn't care for lemon; but he loves this soup. The gyro platter was just as good this time as it has been on every previous visit.  I gotta say that they do right by gyros everywhere.  Never are the flavors out of balance.  I was glad to find that the balance in the flavors of the food was also present in the stuffed peppers and tomatoes.  Stuffed with ground beef and rice with a lemon zing, the flavor was just good.  Every time I come, I always leave quite pleased.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,9/6/2010,77,119,7,13,6>I'm done with every other movie theater, thanks to CineBistro.Indeed, they serve you real food, bla bla bla. You can drink alcohol, bla bla bla. It's more expensive and you should get your ticket in advance, bla bla bla. It has comfy seats and if you're 18 or younger, bye.Two things you probably didn't know: 1-Pull right up to valet at the side of the mall because it is FREE after validation from the theater. This means you don't have to deal with Dolphin Mall parking issues.2-Catch a flick as a matinee, and you only pay $10. This is what you pay at a regular theater--without all the perks. You can thank me later.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,9/4/2010,314,746,6,10,7>Wohoo! I like this place! I needed an oil change & tire rotation for my wheels and found the $19.99 coupon on line and found a Midas near my work. I tend to be a little impatient and hate wasting my day at the auto shop, so I called a couple times so I wouldn't be waiting. I spoke with George on the phone twice and the second time he said if I was there within a half hour he would get me right in. The man does not lie - gold star!! So, if you didn't know Midas is super cool and does "courtesy checks" on your car to make sure it's A-Ok. While rotating my tires George found my alignment to be off from my tire wear - which lead me to wonder why I don't remember hitting anything to throw my car off that much, but whatevs.... they were clearly my tires. So, I got an alignment as well & if you pay $20 more you get FREE alignments for a YEAR! Wohoo, gold star!!! George also came to find my poor air filter was black as night and should be white....so I got that switched out too. All in all, with all my checks and rotations I was there about an hour and a half. Not bad for all the work. Everyone was friendly and the prices reasonable, although next time I will replace my air filter myself for MUCH cheaper :) I'm sure I will be back here & to Midas for my alignments. Now if only I could figure out why I keep throwing it off....
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,9/3/2010,278,388,11,14,10>An Ice rink in South Beach??  Who knew?!  When I heard about this place I had to check it out for myself and see it with my own eys, as I love ice hockey and I miss playing the game.When I moved here to Miami I left my hockey gear behind.  Ain't no way there's any ice rinks near Miami Beach.  Boy was I wrong!Originally built for teens, the youth center now offers it's facility, classes, and services to adults and children alike.  It boasts a swimming pool, indoor basketball courts, and a six lane bowling alley in addition to the ice rink.  A hidden gem, for sure!The rink is slightly smaller than standard.  Good for 4 on 4 or 3 on 3 hockey as opposed to the standard 5 on 5.Call ahead to find out rink times and open hockey schedules.  Watching the kids skate from the stands also provides for a great way to get out of the heat I might add.Now, if I can just talk a friend of mine to ship out my hockey gear cross country  : )
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,9/2/2010,142,62,6,9,8>I had decided to go to D Rodriguez Cuba for my birthday almost a month ago. Just like another reviewer, I had first visited OLA and since my experience there was so fantastic I was extremely excited to hear about Chef Rodriguez's new creation, and even more excited when learning that he was going to be remixing Cuban cuisine. Did it live up to my expectations? Well, let me start by saying that the restaurant is beautifully designed with high ceilings, dark wood, and cream colored accents, the patio, where we sat, is also beautifully designed with a nice layout, lovely fountain, and warm lighting that creates a cozy atmosphere. Now- let's talk about the best part- the food! They start you off with some yummy salsa accompanied with some plantain chips that my grandma just couldn't get enough of. For appetizers our waitress said that the chef suggested ordering around two appetizers per person but since the four of us wanted to enjoy our supper we just ordered four that included the fritas, the malanga tacos, the stuffed plantains, and the bacalao fritters. I had just had an authentic Cuban frita from my favorite frita place, Morro Castle, the day before so when I tried the fritas they were good but more like the El Rey de las Fritas fritas than the Morro Castle ones but miniature sized (If you read my reviews you'll notice that i'm not a fan of El Rey); I guess if you don't have a preconceived understanding of what a frita would be you might like them, but they just weren't my favorite. The rest of the appetizers however were very delicious. The malanga tacos stuffed with picadillo were seasoned nicely and the crisp malanga chip added a nice texture, they were also very nicely displayed on this handy little platter that I wanted to take home. The bacalao fritters were very adorable since they're a smaller size than the original and  were  also very delicious and light paired with two delightful sauces. Lastly, the stuffed plantains with tasajo were also delicious and my favorite of all appetizers, albeit the tasajo had a very strong taste, the sweetness of the plantain really balanced it and just made my mouth happy. For entrees my cousin and I had the vaca frita, and my mom had the lobster enchilado and my grandma had the shrimp enchilado. The vaca frita was pretty amazing- it was crispy on the outside and juicy and soft on the inside, cooked to perfection! It was topped with marinated red onions, diced avocados, and this slightly spicy tomato chimichurri; the onions and chimichurri were great and added nice tang but I did feel that the avocados didn't really add anything other than color. The lobster and shrimp that my mom and grandma had came in the "enchilado," this red spicy tomato based sauce with a whole lot of flavor and this green rice that I believe was green because of cilantro or basil (?)- this dish was really good but I don't recommend it unless you like spicy food. All dishes came with black beans and rice where the beans were soft and sweet and the rice was nice and fluffy; my mom felt that my grandma could do better (this was expected to happen at some point during the night) but the rest of us found them to be delicious my only complaint was that I feel that it was a bit redundant to have rice and beans as the side for the enchilado dishes that already came with the green rice; I'm sure you could switch this, it might have been just lack of information from our server. We also ordered a side of plantains that were supposed to be fancified in this special sauce, but to me the only thing that was different was their shape because other than that they were just some really good platanitos maduros! For dessert we had the cigar box and the tres leches. The tres leches was displayed beautifully in a take home tin and just tasted beyond amazing and was probably the best I've ever had. The cigar box was a show-stopper with the smoke, but also tasted very good, it's very similar to the cigar dessert at OLA. Since it was my birthday I was expecting a "happy birthday" show with my desserts, but none came- according to my family they had told the whole restaurant, and when I had called to make reservations I had also mentioned it, so literally everyone including the chef knew that it was my birthday except for our waitress- so once my cousin pointed this out to a busboy we tried another dessert- the guayaba cheesecake that was paired with a pistachio ice cream. The two components of this dessert tasted good separately but not together, but that just might be me. Throughout the meal we also each had the mojito which was nice, sweet, and strong! All in all the meal was beyond memorable and the service of the staff, the manager, and the chef was just as good as it gets. Our waitress wasn't so great, but it might've been her first week- i'll give her the benefit of the doubt. As a whole, the experience was fantastic and I can't wait to go back to D. Rodriguez Cuba again.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,9/1/2010,85,48,6,9,9>There is a light at the end of the tunnel....Finally I found a place in SoBe that is worthy of writing a positive experience-I felt like I was headed to a speakeasy, since tonight we needed a password to enter and it's located in the basement of the Delano. Little did I know we WERE at a 'traveling speakeasy' for the closing of the Food and Wine Festival-Social Mixology. What better way to end an exhausting weekend than rubbing elbows with owners of rum and cachaca distilleries and sipping out-of-this world libations. Unforgettable time and so thankful to Daniel!They were mixing up special cocktails with some of the best renowned mixologists in the biz...and I was severely impressed-it was like having a personal bartender all night long. (very charming gentleman I might add)-I tasted the most sensual, aromatic flavors ever, and I swear I'm going to be so picky from now on about my drinks-Nothing I have ever tasted could compare, ever. For a quality drink and a great atmosphere, I'll be returning for more- It's got classI forgot the best part-The Big Bounce is Amaaaaaaaaazing! You can't beat the crazy sounds of this band! I would love to hear more of them because they are the Shizzzzzz- Playing on the see-through piano, it's a mix of funk, beat box, lounge, trumpets, latin and soul that takes you to a whole other level of turning the mood of this place into a classy, funky energy you rarely find.This one takes the cake in my book-it left a delectable sweet taste in my mouth-the cocktails may have contributed as well ;-p
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,4/19/2009,619,794,13,21,16>What a unique and FUN place to hold a party! Have a look at the pictures I posted for this business; they pretty much show what every square inch of this space looks like. Artwork covers every bit of the walls, floors and duct work, there is a huge eclectic collection of "stuff" everywhere you look and there are different rooms to explore.  All of this combines to make a very unique and fun location to hold a party or social event.  As you can see from the photos, much of the artwork seems to be Britto inspired, but was actually done by an artist named Bruce Grayson. I attended a birthday party here with about 75 people and most of us congregated in the main room with the bar, stage and dance floor.  There is a smaller room near the entrance with a plasma TV if you want to use that area to entertain the kids or put on the game so the guys can keep up on the score if they really can't break away from their sports. There is also another large room at the back where few of us went. Again, fun and funky with lots of comfy sofas and chairs to chill on. The only drawback to this place is that it can be a bit difficult to find (it's located in a commerce park among a group of warehouse units). I was using my GPS to get here and it took me 1 street further than I needed to be. Several who were just following maps said they went around in circles around some nearby lake, and even a few taxi drivers had difficulty finding it. That being said, going to an event here was much more exciting than the usual sterile banquet hall with plain white walls. It feels a bit like going to a gathering in Peewee's Playhouse, and the artwork and craziness of the decor promotes fun and makes you want to have a drink, let your hair down a bit and PARTY!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,4/18/2009,23,23,9,6,6>Chocolate Ice Cream!!!! Served straight up: no cone, no jimmies, no nothing - just mounds of chocolate bliss for me to do dirty things to.Some people drink when they get stressed, some go out for a long run. Me? I run, but it is straight to the ice cream, and I don't stop until I am sick. Ahhh! relaxation at its finest!This place is great. It is an ice cream store - so how can they not be great?! You can abuse me all you want (not that they do), and I will still do anything for my ice cream fix. The environment is clean - not too overrun with kids and the service is friendly. But take this review cautiously. I hardly notice anything when I am in front of an ice cream counter, and nothing when I am eating MY ICE CREAM!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,4/17/2009,77,119,9,9,8>Oh baby I like it Ra(w)! So you won't be hearing Ol'Dirty Bastard tracks here, but I liked it --Ra, that is.  On a Friday night, you can find a happy hour crowd, sitting on couches outside and in the bar area.  There is a nice size dining area where you can put all of your sushi cravings to rest. Like Sushi Samba, there's great decor, ambiance, music, and of course, the fusion of some latin fruits (particularly mango) in the sushi dishes.The drinks and food are reasonably priced and delicious You place the sushi order on paper and it's served when it's ready--so don't bother waiting for someone's roll to get there. There is the typical sushi selection, but you can find some specialties which did not disappoint like the Vegas Roll. If you like spicy, their spicy mayo might just be the hottest in town.The tempura dessert is enough for 4 to share. The service was friendly and very helpful. In fact, she knew better than to put all of our order in only because we sampled most of the special rolls. If you're not into sushi there are enough rice, noodle, meat, chicken, and fish plates to satisfy all palettes. Most of the reviews are negative for Ra, but I can't say anything bad about it. It's the closest thing to a trendy NYC hot spot (take south miami out of the equation). Check it out and don't be turned off by having to wait. Grab a drink at the bar and it will be worth your wait.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,4/16/2009,253,216,5,10,8>A couple weeks ago some friends brought me takeout from here and I thought it was really good. I decided that before I could review it, I needed to go and get the full experience.I loved, loved, LOVED everything. While definitely not the trendiest sushi place out there, their food more than makes up for it. Everything we had was beyond fresh and tasty! We had the tuna tataki to start which melted in my mouth. It was probably some of the freshest tuna I've ever had. SOOOO GOOD!!! For rolls, we had a couple dragon rolls and the double-d roll which is a california with dynamite on top. They were fantastic, and again SUPER fresh. And to top off the meal- the ice cream tempura was fantastic. Theirs definitely gives Matsuri's a run for its money!!The service was good- the waiters were nice and made sure you had everything you needed. The ambiance is laid back- not fancy- but it's not a dump either..The entire experience was more than worthy of 5 stars. It is definitely my new go-to sushi place!!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,4/15/2009,50,84,8,12,7>Do you like very good meat?  When you want to splurge a little pass by here and you'll find carnivorous satisfaction.  The food is absolutely delicious.  The portions are very generous , you'll find yourself stuffing in more than you normally eat cause it's that good.  Began with empanadaz,  one beef and one lamb.  The beef one was delicious, but the lamb was out of control.  I think I could come back and just have a meal of lamb empanadaz.  The vacio ordered medium was fantastic.  On the side, potatoes au gratin....awesome.  I left full and already contemplating when was the next time I could stop by again.   You will spend a little more than a run of the mill restaurant but I promise you will know where your money went.  Service was excellent and they have a very good wine list which you may order bottle or by the glass.  I could go on and on, but no need to...  Place will speak for itself.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,4/13/2009,10,28,7,9,9>Not  in the mood for Miami restaurant weekend madness?Try this great little neighborhood pizza place, located in the Crossings Shopping plaza.  The service is very friendly and charming; the pizza is light and tasty, with a thin crispy crust, good quality cheese, vegetables that aren't overcooked and still taste fresh, and sauce that is sweet and not too spicy.  The slices are generously sized!My dining companion had the stromboli, which he thought was delicious.   Most of the patrons order take-out, which leaves the dining room uncrowded and pleasant, even on weekends.  I take one star off for the overworked a/c--it's a bit warm in there, though not intolerable.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,4/12/2009,534,839,11,13,12>Real Jamaican food. I know, I'm blonde & blue and what the @#$% could I know about true Jamaican? Over half of the girls in the office are Jamaican and this is 1 of the 2 places they order lunch from. I've grown up eating this food. While most everything is good, standouts from Junie's are their brown stew chicken & their stewed fish. Warning** - The fish still looks like fish. I would call ahead and place your order, because they can be slow. This is a to-go place. They have a few seats, but more for waiting for your food to be ready... now leave.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,4/11/2009,587,1627,6,10,7>I came on a Saturday for a friend's birthday party. We experienced both restaurant and club.As for the restaurant, the food is somewhat pricey but not prohibitively pricey, but you wouldn't expect anything less if you were going to dine in a chi-chi spot on the sand, few feets away from the beach - very Miami. At least the food was reportedly delicious (I had come late so I missed ordering).And to enter the club, we were told that we had to pay $20 per person - but after showing the receipts and confessing to the birthday boy's misunderstanding that the club portion would be free if we had dined there (we later learned that it would have been true if it was a Sunday, not a Saturday), we were let in.And I must say the place got packed, the music was thumping good (with a live drummer even), and the drinks were flowing - I liked my mojito ($14) even though it was not the best in Miami. I'd still order it next time I come back though - maybe a pitcher for the group to share.The atmosphere was all white and flashy with neon lights - again, very Miami. It is nice - it would however be nice to see more seating areas that's not strictly for VIP or bottle service (which made up of most of the seating in the club).I'd definitely return as I can see why it's a very Miami experience, and I'd recommend this place for a special occasion! And probably I would recommend on coming on a Sunday!Self-Parking on their own parking lot (at least on a Saturday): $10
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,4/10/2009,374,258,9,11,10>I don't care that this airport is further than MIA.  I don't care that I have to get up considerably earlier to make it on time for my flight.  I don't even care that their food establishments aren't as good.  Why?Because of the peace, that's why.  Flying out of MIA gives me panic attacks.  It is so crowded and crazy that my neurons go into overload.  Even though I know I'm boarding a plane to go some place fun/new/exciting, I can't enjoy the entire trip experience.  That's where FLL comes in.FLL is the sane person's choice for air travel in South Florida.  Why would you choose the other guys when you can breeze through security and relax by the gate while enjoying free wifi at this wonderful airport?While the latte addict in me wouldn't mind a decent coffee shop somewhere in this airport, it's still the best airport in the tri-county area.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/24/2008,4/8/2009,34,109,9,9,11>Louis Bar and Lounge is at The Gansevoort Hotel, right on the first floor.  It's very Marquis de Sade meets Marie Antoinette.  (Very entertaining framed artwork on the walls... I'm not spoiling it for those that haven't seen it!)Friday was the opening, and we went last night (Saturday).  First thing you see when you pull up is the several Lamborghini and Rolls Royce and Bentley's crowding the front door. Great, it's gonna be one of those nights...  and it is, kinda.Even though the door was packed, I was fortunate to be there with friends who knew people, so there was no wait.  (Maria told me tons of people got turned away that night cause it was super busy; one of those things that will happen the first few weeks of an opening.)Walking into the space really takes you to a different place, I've never been to a bar like this in Miami.  It is very beautiful and well designed, with a good layout so the traffic insides isn't to bad.  Several bars and several small dance spaces makes sure there isn't one giant crowd trying to get to the same 3 bartenders, which happens at so many places.The crowd was... hmmm, how to explain politely? Very  "opening night crowd for a cool Miami nightclub".   Does that help?  So typical Miami with a little extra pinch of Miami ho-ish-ness.  Not sure how that happened.  But we had a good time, the bartender that took care of us was good.  I'll go back, but maybe after it's been open for a few weeks and the novelty wears off a little.  Then we'll see how it really is.Overall: recommended for an interesting scene in an unique space with a different concept.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2009,2/12/2009,211,141,6,11,10>Arnold's Royal Castle is back!After a two-year hiatus due to a fire, the RC on the southwest corner of NW 7th Avenue and 125th Street has reopened.  A block west of I-95 at the 125th Street exit, Arnold's is one of only two Royal Castles left in business from the once wide-spread chain.There are some breakfast items and sandwiches on the menu, but I stuck with the traditional griddled sliders - little bitty hamburgers with ketchup, mustard, diced grilled onions, and pickle chips.  The buns are kept in a steam drawer, so they were soft and warm.  The burgers were tiny, but were only 99 cents, and were so much fresher than one can ever seem to get at the large corporate chains.  I downed two in a few minutes, and wished that I'd had time to order more.The restaurant is TINY, so if you come around lunchtime, expect a wait.  Having just been renovated, it is very clean inside.  Plenty of parking around back.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,2/11/2009,163,84,12,14,14>Maria A. has been raving about this place as long as I've known her. Tonight, I was finally able to see what was so awesome about it. Prior to my arrival I called in to make sure they had 'Key Lime Pie'. This was a strict requirement. So after that was taken care of I drove over with Gaie C. and I ordered the Turkey and Brie sandwich on Multigrain per recommendation of Maria. Gaie ordered the Grilled Mahi-Mahi sandwich. Out came the sandwiches and Gaie had the brilliant idea of swapping halves. So I was able to have the best of both worlds. I was able to  have the Turkey and the Mahi ;) .. The Turkey sandwich had a cranberry mayo , arugula and tomatoes on a multigrain bread. It was very goood. However Gaie wins tonight with the Grilled Mahi-Mahi sandwich. It was sooo delicious that he regretted giving me half. After I finished both sandwiches I was ready for dessert. Brendan's Famous Key Lime Pie was the only thing I could think about. Out came the the pie and off I went to devour it. It didn't stand a chance , but I tried to savor every bit I could as it was sooo goood. I loved the presentation and the fresh fruit only made it even better. The folks behind this wonderful operation are not only great hosts , but were also kind enough to tell us how they started the place and some of the ideas behind the place. Fresh fish , fresh meat etc. You can really taste the freshness of the ingredients used in their dishes. I cannot wait to come back and have the hamburger (which is only served on fridays and is more limited than a pair of tiffany dunks). I highly recommend this place if you like great fresh food served by wonderful people. :)
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,2/10/2009,153,1226,10,11,11>so cool! i was driving around with my gf when we saw the kites.... skyward kites has been in business for over a decade. ive seen the beautiful kites before but it wasnt until yesterday that i decided to stop by and check it out. i had never flown a kite before. never, but i thought maybe i should buy one so i could bring my little nephew to the park and entertain him... so jm got a beginners kite...  (for only 10$) the guy who runs this place was very talkative, very nice guy. he even assembled the kite for us and gave us tips on how to fly it. im all about kite flying now. its so peaceful and relaxing. we spent a good hour and half at the park. beautiful park too.. such a beautiful afternoon
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2009,2/9/2009,179,117,5,6,6>I love this place!! White Room has gotten steadily better and better over the past few months. in part because of the increase in DJ bookings that lean more towards my taste (so, yes, I am totally biased), but moreso because of the HUGE improvement to their sound system and the fact that they are doing more courtyard parties to take advantage of the gorgeous Miami winter weather! they have nights that cater to different groups - indie kids (Poplife), techno and/or house lovers, live bands - so there's something to be found here for nearly everyone. cover is usually pretty minimal and oftentimes free before a certain time (generally midnight). drinks are reasonably priced - no south beach atrociousness here. and although the neighborhood isn't that great, you do have the option of wandering to the nearby Vagabond and PS14 should you get bored of the White Room scene. all in all this is a pretty great locals spot (not really a touristy-type hang out) that I'd recommend you at least check out.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2008,2/8/2009,31,56,5,7,8>Rock fish is definitely a neighborhood hang out and the food is awesome.  I'd rather eat here than wait 40 minutes for a table at a neighboring national chain restaurant.  The service is fast, friendly and alot on of stuff on the menu is based on what is available fresh.  You can eat at the bar counter and watch the game on a big screen TV, or hang out at one of the tables.  The trio plate with fried calamari, shrimp, grouper bites and 3 diffrent dipping sauces is the best!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2008,2/7/2009,101,102,7,13,10>Wait a minute! I've been here before!  This location used to have a nightclub called Luna i believe..anyway its been redecorated with a warm modern romantic feel that contrasts the wild side just outside its doors. The food here is really good!But this is a restaurant where service and attentiveness surpasses the food.From the moment you come in to the minute you step out, you are treated like a king and queen at this place.  With a head waiter who described just about everything to the T..and the waiter's assistants always paying attention in refilling your water.. replacing your knife once you start using the first one for butter.. they were spot on!  Plus our head waiter took great care of us..even stopped to chat with us as well as the owners..they follow a procedure that definitely makes this place much better than you're typical restaurant.The menu's range mostly in the 20's but according to the waiter, the daily specials are what people usually come here for.  My girlfriend had pork medallions w/ gnocchi and i had the lamb shank over a bed of risotto milanese. both were just under $40 each.  combine that with the fried buffalo mozzarella (which was juicy and melted in your mouth) and chocolate lava cake and we walked out satisfied.All in all a great dining experience in my book. You can't leave without saying Grazie!****quick tip for weekenders: this place gets busy around 8pm. the best time to go is during the 7pm hour. It guarantees you a good table. Plus by getting there before 8pm you can park at the garage on 7th and pay 1 dollar an hour till you leave. (we paid 2 bucks)  if you go to the garage after 8pm its $15 flat.****
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2009,2/6/2009,200,201,10,10,10>Bigger version of Chuck E. Cheese.I really liked the bowling there, but there was a time limit for each player, so whenever the balls came in we'd have to pick one right away. There were many kids next to us picking them up before it was even their turns. I was like, "Hey, wait for the green light first then go!" in a nice way and the kid looked at me with a shy "bambi" look face and said okay. Another time was when I was using this machine at where you pull on something and it spins on a number then it tells you that you get either 15, 20 tickets. I got 40 tickets twice in a row. Then, one kid went crazy and wanted to take it over. =/ lol, got my tickets and just walked away with my friends and moved on to other games like fortune wheel or something. Then, we played this thing on a table that had a sliding disk that looked like a space ship bouncing off the walls, felt like playing ping pong but only it was flat and phosphorous, which was pretty cool. They also had red bull themed tables and coolers by the bar, yet they had no vodka. But this was a place where all ages were, so it made sense not to serve that hard liquor. I had flavored malt beer, which was like having Smirnoff apple.I had so much fun with the go karts; I waited in line for like an hour and a half and they had about 7 working ones by then. Some people cut in front of us, which was rude. A little girl was walking by us, which was fine, but just because she walked that way didn't have to make her family walking in front of us and ignore like nothing happened. I just wanted to get out of there already and get in the cart. :DAt the end, I decided to get myself one of those smiley face thingies that you stick it to the bottom of it and it pops up. Something unique and cute.I warn you, though: Too many pushy, impulsive kids.. glad they were shorter than me. lol
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,2/5/2009,904,1293,18,22,21>After reading my reviews, someone let me in on a little secret - Monday night is THE night to go.. So we did. Upon arrival I was greeted (as my hubby went to find parking) so effusively by the gentleman at the door (I found out later that this was Sinisa the manager) that I had to turn around to make sure Will and Jada weren't behind me. Nope.. just l'il 'ol me. Same thing inside, and all I can say is that a girl can get used to this! I waited at the bar for the rest of the party to arrive, and guess what? The pretty bartenders treated me the same way.. again, I am unused to this in Miami. I am beginning to really, really feel important!  The decor ooooozes of sexy, exotic, sultry, sensuality.  Just remember there is grass at the entrance so heels kind of dig in.Once we had a seat we were greeted by Dan, our server for the evening. He treated us like it truly was his pleasure, and was warm, lots of smiles and just sweet as pie. He gave us some recommendations and we decided to go with his experience. I ordered Scallops as an appetizer and the Sea Bass as a main course. By the way the portions are large, I was very surprised at that. The pepper crusted Scallops were nothing short of orgasmic . Really. The Scallops themselves were huge - I had expected the small ones I have had at other restaurants. Nope! These were gargantuan, and had a glaze drizzled over them that was just to die for. Now the Sea Bass.. I am, as you can tell by what I ordered, a seafood freak. They managed to delight me in every way with this dish. The Sea Bass was also generous in portion, served over potatoes, carrots, and spinach. The veggies were fantastic, but the Bass itself was out of this world. I kept on trying to figure out if they had infused it with some butter sauce because it just melted in my mouth. I kept on feeding it to everyone at the table, it was just that good.Presentation of their food is perfect, visually its absolutely gorgeous.  The chef knows what she is doing.Now the most sensual and incredibly amazing part of our already amazing dinner.... DESSERT! Dan recommended a dessert wine that was fantastic (sorry, I can't remember the name) and as we couldn't decide on the chocolate cake or the pumpkin pie we had both. I am a pumpkin fanatic and connoisseur so anything with pumpkin must come to mama to be consumed. Oh. My. God. I have never, ever, ever had pumpkin pie this delicious in my LIFE. We had ordered the deserts to share between 4 people and I slowly but surely kept on pulling the plate closer and doing something disturbingly close to snarling at my companions if they even tried getting their spoons near it. Since they were raving about the  chocolate cake it wasn't  hard to steer them away. Now since we had heard that the Monday night crowd was the crowd to party with, we stayed on to check out the scene. May I begin with a side note though? Tantra has managed to assemble the most beautiful group of bald men in Miami to work there. I think they scour Miami for the most attractive guys who are mysterious, beautiful, and bald. Really, starting with Sinisa and across the board.. girls, keep that in mind when you go. Eye candy! Plus the female employees are stunning as well, the dancers too, so guys - Eye candy for you as well. In all seriousness it is true, plus the Monday night crowd is absolutely gorgeous all around, and very very classy. It is true what they say about Mondays.. It is an upscale, beautiful crowd.   The DJ was Louis Dee and there was a guy playing the Timbales with him. The music was really good, and I am uberpicky about that. You can't go wrong here. So: Service 5 Stars Food 5 Stars Ambiance 5 Stars Music 5 Stars Decor 5 Stars .... Handsome bald guys and beautiful girls 7 Stars. Anyone who reads my stuff knows that I rarely gush.. well ... I am GUSHING.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,2/4/2009,11,40,7,8,7>This is my local Guitar Center. If your a musician, I know you've been here. They sell guitars, amplifiers, percussion instruments, keyboards, and pro-audio and recording equipment, + some!You'll always find me in the pro-audio/recording section of the store. As a pro DJ and Voice-Over artist this is where I usually demo all of the newly released gear!The next time your there - you just might catch me putting down on the turntables. I usually put down a small set on the 1's & 2's and it always turns into a mini in-store concert.Don't get me wrong, I like it when a crowd gathers. If your a music person - stop in and check out the store!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,2/3/2009,15,9,5,6,6>I love this place! Friendly and efficient they ignore the ritz of the beach to do what they love to do which is provide affordable cuban food to the masses. They have a super cheap breakfast they they provide which from what i recall was like 4 bucks and that included coffee and orange juice. They have all the standards of cuban cuisine but also throw in normal american diner food such as milkshakes, burgers and fries. Great place for a quick eat, that's good and won't break the bank. Close to all the shopping on collins so a convenient place to stop for a snack.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,8/8/2010,94,113,2,12,10>To celebrate our 1 year anniversary, my husband and I were looking for a romantic restaurant that serves excellent food at reasonable prices. I am happy to say that we found just that at MAB. To start, our waiter, Sandid, was great! He was funny, gave us the right amount of attention, along with some good recommendations. What else can you ask for, really?? Upon our arrival, we ordered a bottle of Spanish white wine- Naia for $32- which was fantastic and reasonably priced.  As far as the food goes, we decided to order 3 appetizers and share an entree. All of our selections were delicious and were spaced out perfectly. However, I will say that we specifically referenced the order in which we wanted for the food to come out... Glad that we did that because our neighbors did not have the same experience.  All of their food came out at once, and totally crowded their small table for two. Our food selections for the evening were: -- Turkish sampler-- served with their homemade bread. Delicious!!! My favorite of the three was the tomato and walnut spread. It was a little sweet, a little crunchy, and full of flavor. -- Shrimp Ouzo-- shrimp served in a sizzling tomato / ouzo  sauce with feta cheese. Divine!!! --Mussels-- served in a white wine sauce with oregano. Unbelievably good! Better than the mussels I make at home... and I make them pretty darn good, if I do say so myself. --Lamb chops-- cooked to perfection and lightly seasoned... Just the way I like them. All in all it was an amazing experience... Can't wait to return!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,8/7/2010,73,158,6,7,4>I hadn't been here for a while and quite frankly wasn't too excited about having to eat here this past Friday but I must say I was pleasantly suprised. Didn't remember how delicious this place was. i had angel hair with garlic and oil that was perfect. not too much oil and the garlic was perfectly cooked, usually with this dish it gets too bitter. my husbands red wine risotto was fantastic as was the porcini risotto. the lobster ravioli (black ravioli) is always stellar and was no different this time. i found the mango tarte tatin sloppy, with huge chunks of hardened sugar and slimy weak pieces of mango. wine selection needs to be improved, cheapest wines start at $40 a bottle, helloo??? have you heard of a $25 bottle, some people would like to have more than 3 glasses of wine with their meal ;) the restaurant needs an update inside, as one of our dining guests mentioned, the place really does look like a cruise ship dining room inside. its been 20 years guys, lets spruce the joint up a bit ok?
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,8/6/2010,286,311,9,11,12>Tonight people asked me where I got my last haircut so the answer is the Vidal Sassoon Academy. I should first tell you that I never go to the hairdresser. I cut my hair myself since I was a child and never thought about someone else cutting it. One day back in December I think, a lady asked me if I wanted a free haircut and I said why not. I was a bit apprehensive. It turned out I liked it! It was for a training class for hairdressers from Minnesota. I was asked what I wanted and got a great result. A while later, after a bit of research I found out that they do this every month or so. The class/haircut is 18 dollars and they only look for people in the street for free if there's a last minute cancellation. That's a great deal! I took my appointment two weeks in advance and arrived to my new trainee/hairdresser. This time I didn't really get what I wanted but was told the cut would suit me better so... goodbye long long hair. I was a bit scared but... everybody loves my new haircut. I am still processing that fact that I cut 15cm of hair. The class is usually  from 2 to 3 hours long. The teacher stylist shows how to do each sections best and the students (who usually are experienced hairdressers with 5 to 20 years in a salon) improve their own techniques. There are three types of classes: classic, creative and colors. You get everything from the shampoo to the blow dry, just don't be on a rush.I really recommend it!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2009,8/5/2010,341,375,8,16,16>Had the opportunity to go to the premiere of "The U" at the Lyric theater and came away impressed by Miami's oldest theater and with an even greater appreciation for The Greatest College Football Team EverLyric Theater at one point was the center of what  used to be called "Little Broadway" and "The Harlem of the South"    Northwest 2nd was an entertainment destination for African-Americans in Miami and the Lyric hosted some of the greatest entertainers of the time   These entertainers such as Sam Cooke, Aretha Franklin, B.B. King, Patti LaBelle, Ella Fitzgerald and Redd Foxx could perform at the hotels in the beach but could not stay there    Like all good things, they must come to and end but some really good things get a second chance      The theater went through some extensive renovations in the late 90's, early 2000's and is now better than ever        The  new fully glassed lobby is as nice it gets      The actual theater itself is not to fancy and reminded me of those old 99 cent theaters in it's seating arrangement but I didn't expect to have unobstructed views from every seat in the house     It has 400 seats, a small stage and a balcony    The walls are white and bereft of any fancy special effects that would distract you from what you came to seeThe surrounding area is still not the safest but there is plenty of parking and I felt completely at ease within the confines of the theater area but don't stray to far cause it does get sketchy It's All About The U
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,8/4/2010,180,262,11,14,12>Sundays are brunch-days, and brunching on South Beach means drag queens.  This is the kind of "very Miami" place that you have to visit at least once, and you have to add to your list of "places to take out-of-town visitors."There are two seatings for "Brunchic" at The Palace - 11:30am & 2pm (kinda like the sessions at Hot Wheels!)  Once the session ends, they kindly ask you to move on out of your table to make room for the next crowd - but you can still hang around.  Make sure to get there early to get a good seat for the show.  We arrived early on a very rainy Sunday and were not disappointed - because the show goes on, and the drag queens aren't afraid to shake their stuff in the rain... in fact, the water became a prop in their show!  The food was good and decently priced ($11 for 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, sausage and home fries) and the mojitos were strong & sweet.  We ordered a pitcher of mojitos for $36 and when the waiter was only able to pour out 2-1/2 small cups, he went to the bar and got us some more without us even asking. (b/c we would've complained!) You can also order the unlimited mimosas brunch for $30.So not only is the location and the food great, but Miss Champagne and Miss Tiffany come at no extra charge!  The drag queens are hilarious, over the top, and very entertaining.  They have no shame and will walk onto passing tour buses (as we witnessed), and will dance with unsuspecting tourists who find themselves in the middle of the show.  I can't write enough about this place - I will definitely be returning.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,8/3/2010,30,68,12,8,8>Our trip to the zoo was a fact finding mission. With 10 days to go until our trip to Disney World with our 15 month old daughter, we wanted to see how she would handle a day at a park, lathered in sun tan lotion, surrounded by European tourists. It had been almost a decade since my last trip to the zoo. That day consisted of looking at a plethora of creatures, that as a casual reader of National Geographic, I would label as...deer. The highlight of that visit was observing the tortoises in a coital embrace. They were actually doing the same during this visit. I think for tortoises that constitutes a quickie. As gleeful as I was to see the happy couple still enjoying one another's company, I was interested in the "new" Amazon and aviary exhibits. This took up the bulk of our day, which was fine, because it has like going to an entirely new zoo. When you enter these areas you become a physical part of the exhibit. It truly was enjoyable to leisurely wander through and even stop to chat with the zookeepers. If there is a down side to the park, it is that if unlike me, you do not enjoy walking, it can be a long day. There is a monorail and you can rent these multi-person canopied bikes (which my mother did). But it is a nice stroll and you can always park yourself on a bench in front of the tortoises for a while. My only regret is that I didn't get one of those wax tigers made up from the vending machine. Kind of a throw back to the elementary school field trips. Whether you've poo-pooed the idea of going or just haven't been in some time, I'd give a try. It's has a new look along with the same old backpacks and Birkenstocks.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2009,8/2/2010,723,1088,6,15,13>Arrived at Mai Tardi on a mellow, quiet Saturday afternoon. Love the Ambiance of Design District and Mai Tardi is the latest addition of trendy, beautiful, comfortable restaurants in the area and what a wonderful asset it is to the DD. We sat on the outside tables against the wall to avoid the afternoon sun and promptly sat back to enjoy an excellent bottle of red wine. Started with the Calamari and were blown away, not just because of the calamari but the dipping sauce was tasty and good. Moved on the main entree, we had : Gnocchi, Pasta Primavera, and a Sicilian Pizza. Fantastic !!! Nothing disappointed at all, in fact, it was just right. The service was spotless, the waiter was dynamic, attentive and honest about the menu, the manager actually stopped by a couple of times. The entire staff was enthusiastic, helpful and smiling. This is definitely the place to go in the DD - for drinks, food, dessert or just a good time with friends. Mostly outside seating under beautiful shady trees. Recommend to come late in the afternoon so you can enjoy a couple of drinks under the trees after your meal. Oh - and don't forget the dessert - they are all good !!!!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,8/1/2010,216,339,5,8,10>It's nice to find an organic place in this neighborhood!  Went there for lunch, it was crowded, good signs:  they have turnover and people are happy with their food!!!  We had to wait a bit, that was ok.  The place is GREEN, meaning painted in GREEN literally.  The whole theme about organic, going green, healthy foods, even for the decoration it's green!  They have butternut squashes as decoration, who would imagine, these last and if you run out of them in the kitchen you can grab one and cook it!! they have a special on butternut squash soup one of the weekdays...We ordered butternut squash soup (of course!!), Cobb salad, Chicken curry salad (that was super yummi, it had the perfect combination of flavors every bite) and the special of the day (it was a veggie burger).  Service is quick and very friendly, the place is busy busy busy so come in early if you are on a hurry.To finish the great and healthy meal we tried the carrot cake, you do not feel guilty about having dessert in an organic place!!  everything you ate was super healthy!!!  You know how carrot cakes normally are.... fluffy and greasy, but not at this place!  it was not greasy but very soft, the light cream on top made it for a perfect sweet taste in your mouth to end our lunch at the Green Gables Cafe!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,7/31/2010,175,110,5,8,7>watashi wa osushi ga daisuki desu!I ordered The Miami Heat roll ! OHH-EMM-GEE Amazing ! We also tried the Shrimp Shumai and The Fried Cheesecake for desert. I absolutely loved the decor its just how Michelle C. said very SEXY !  I loved the huge comfy black booths they gave such a private  dining feeling. The music videos varied from Aventura to Bon jovi and that made my heart happy.Our server was Lorenzo. He was very attentive and made sure our glasses stayed full. When I ordered a sake bomb he made sure that I upgraded to a full bottle of sake. What a kind guy !Thank you so much Michelle C  your great review made it happen !
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,7/30/2010,529,642,5,8,6>I'd brought my car in for a marathon service session over at Tires Plus this past Sunday, and found myself with nothing to do but watch the World Cup on Spanish television in the Tires Plus waiting room. I walked a few blocks over to Merrick Park with quite a few hours to kill. It was about 10:30AM, and nothing in the mall had really opened yet, except for this little place just up the escalator near Nordstrom. I walk in, and big surprise - they've got the World Cup on, again on Spanish television. Between the droning horns and overly excitable Spanish-language announcers, this event is grating on me like nails on a chalkboard. But I don't really care - I've got my Sunday NY Times and time to kill. Plus, there's plenty of outside seating and ceiling fans to cut the heat a little. I ordered a latte, and a bagel & lox. This being located in Merrick Park, I fully expected to pay a premium, but was pleasantly surprised to find that the latte cost less than the equivalent at Starbucks. Indeed, the prices don't seem to be that bad here, across the board. The latte was a little watery, but it did the job. The bagel and lox seemed to take a long time in the panini press, but what came out was tasty - a lightly toasted bagel with ample smoked salmon, cream cheese, and capers. Not bad at all. As a bonus, there was also decent people-watching even at that early hour, as the mall store employees (mostly attractive women, luckily for me) seemed to be heading over there to get a caffeine fix before opening up. I could see myself driving over here for lunch on occasion.I thought my car would be ready, but it was not to be. More Merrick Park reviews.....NEXT. Stay tuned.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,4/10/2011,415,166,12,10,12>Sashiburi Shibui-Kung Fushi was but a few weeks ago..the battle wounds are still fresh...but alas,I bow down to you in graceful defeat.I shunned you.Scoffed.Rolled my eyes at mere mention of your name " Shibui? Shi-Foeey!!!"But then, something happened.Was it the plum wine?The tender, delicious grilled squid with teriyaki drizzled over it?The  Uzu Sukuri with the fresh salmon that was not overpowering, at all?( and that I may have been guilty of possibly eating most of it  that was served on my side of the table?)Your red bean ice cream that caused some of us at the table to break out into a blissful song?Your excellent, attentive service?Weeks later- and these questions still haunt me.The coup de grâce to my Sushi queen ego was the bill -the cheap, cheap bill that had me wanting to order more fresh sashimi just because.But just so you know Shibui-beautiful, exquisite,rockin'  Shibui :the battle has just begun!Sayonara!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,4/9/2011,164,73,6,13,10>The best pupusas in Miami can be found in Antigua Guatemala. I always order a pupusa with beans and cheese. YUMMY!!! I have eaten their chicken soup which is great as well. However, the pupusas are really why I come back for more. I went with my cousin and best friend we stuffed our faces for $15.00 which was roughly 5 pupusas with ground black beans and this amazing white cream (resembles sour cream). The only down side is the little old ladies that try selling you things. This occasion she attempted to sell us Chiclets lol. It can be great on a date though. Any guy would feel awkward when you are looking across at him and lady comes up selling flowers. You know you will be getting flowers that night ha ha. Also a WARNING, do not let the Valets park your car. But even with all that Antigua's food has me going back for more... :)
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,4/8/2011,22,189,10,9,11>"How do you not guess Headhunter? How is that human-catfish thing a blind mouse?!"I asked my girlfriend as we lost the Pictionary game against our friend Alex.They have board games! It's a great place to be with friends, talk, play. The atmosphere is simple with draping cloth hanging from the celling. My girlfriend and I split their Italian panino. The bread was toasted to perfection, not burned, not too hard. It had genoa salami, olives and a few other cold cuts with melted provolone cheese. Delicious. I felt like a mad scientist trying out new tea combinations. I'd never tried chi tea, so I tried their dragon chi with soy milk, not bad for a $2 experiment. What this really gives you is the chance to find new flavors you'll love without breaking the bank.Their coffees are fantastic, they don't have a strange after-taste like Starbucks. yuck.*insert screeching record noise here*Ok, Hold on.How is it that a coffee/Tea place is not open in the mornings?My GF and I passed by this morning anxious to have some morning coffee. Isn't that the point of a coffee/Tea house? To be open in the mornings for a coffee fix?I thought I had found my replacement for bad coffee houses in miami, but, as is the case, I have not, I still have to go elsewhere for my morning coffee. Tisk tisk to you! TISK I SAY!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,4/7/2011,314,746,11,11,11>Hello Clarke's.... why have I not been here sooner? Nice bar South of fifth that doesn't take an hour to get a beer. Yay! The beer is not really the reason I might become obsessed with the place though..... they have this magical macaroni and cheese creation that is topped with flaming hot Cheetos. It is my new favorite gluttonous thing to eat. Cheesy gooey goodness covered with unnaturally red smashed Cheetos. I had already ate before arrival & didn't plan on eating, but my friends insisted I try it...and that was the end of it. I of course had to finish it after they had their fill. I just couldn't leave any sad little noodles on the plate. I think it was listed as a special for the day....so, hopefully they will add it to stay on the menu. If they do, I will probably become a regular & gain at least 10 lbs....so, maybe they should leave it as a special only... Trust me though, get the mac n cheese!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,4/6/2011,529,642,14,17,16>As much as I like to rip on CVS for oversaturating the area with its stores, not all of them have a Minute Clinic contained within. I see now that this would be a worthwhile addition to any area of town. Let's face it, little health/medical problems crop up from time to time, and you want to take care of them as soon as possible, because they are annoying. You don't want to go to a doctor, because you know that in this country, going to the doctor is a total P.I.T.A. You probably won't be able to get an appointment until next week, and when you finally get there, you'll be in a waiting room for two hours with a bunch of people who are hacking and sneezing all over you.At the Minute Clinic, no appointments. Just go and enter your info at the easy-to-use touch screen. Treatment is easy, efficient, and about as inexpensive as you could expect. In this case, ear wax was bothering me - I was hearing things as if I was underwater, and when I tried to treat the problem myself, not only did I fail to get rid of any wax, I introduced volumes of water into my ears that I couldn't shake out. The clinic nurse Alina gave me a good flush in both ears, and now I can hear in stereo again. She also informed me that I should keep a watch on my blood pressure, as it is "borderline," which I guess makes sense given that I've been slacking on exercise and not exactly saying "no" to things like pizza, burgers and truffle fries as of late. At some point you have to realize that you can't eat as if you're 16 :( Sigh.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,4/5/2011,133,114,9,11,10>La Carreta doesn't need our reviews. It has earned a place in the Miami restaurant food chain close to the top. Whether down on 8th, or at the American Airlines terminal at MIA, or yes, even in West Miramar, the Carreta chain will deliver it's tasty Cuban food with reliability.Fine.I wish the service were better at this West Miramar location, located just off exit 7A of 75 on Miramar Pkwy. It's not that the service is actually "bad" or uniformed, it just feels a little uninterested. In that, I mean I don't feel special when I dine there. I like to feel special, dammit. They're busy, I get it. Luckily, the food speaks for itself.I don't need the love of any waiter or waitress to savor every last bite of La Carreta's ajiaco. (tropical soup). Available as a daily special on Tuesdays, this soup is one of my favorite things in all of Miami.  I will leave it to the Cubans and Colombians to duke it out over which country can claim true ownership of this dish.Other favorites of mine at Carreta are the picadillo (maybe overcooked sometimes) and all of the sandwiches. Of note is the Elena Ruz, a turkey, strawberry jam and cream cheese delight. Legend has it that Elena Ruz, a high society debutante for which the sandwich is named, would stop at this little all-night restaurant in Havana after a night of dancing. She asked the waiter if they would fix her this sandwich to her liking. After that, she would always ask for the "Elena Ruz Sandwich" and that's how it is now known.At this location at least, La Carreta offers up a surprisingly good bar service, too, with good mojitos and, as expected, the desserts are wonderful. The coconut flan is my favorite. This Carreta also has a cute outdoor cafe. It's very simple and a good place to eavesdrop on elderly gentlemen and their opinions of life and world events. The coffee is perfect and, rumor has it that sometimes some of NBC6's hottest reporters (the studio is steps away) can be spotted ordering up a coffee to go.You can name my hurricane ANY time, Ryan Phillips.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2010,4/4/2011,274,769,12,16,16>I sincerely find no irony in stopping by Sweetness after going to the gym.  A well known Dr. Christopher Kringle,Ph.D. said that holiday calories are actually good for you.After delighting in products  from their food truck, I knew I was ready to try the real thing.I got the shop's number at the truck and placed my order Tuesday.  There was a little bit of a line due to my fellow last minute potluck shoppers but they had my order ready. My favorite desssert was Eva in her Santa outfit (PASSION fruit Creme Brulee). The red velvet cupcakes were pretty good (4.75 stars) and my cousin said they competed with the home-baked ones she did. (Confession: Creme Brulee, waffle cakes, and another dessert I'm about to mention are more my taste than cupcakes. Sweetness does them awesome but the aforementioned desserts are just my personal preference.)Since they do serve lattes - and COLADA :)!! - I asked a friend visiting from Atlanta to meet me at the shop instead of at the green mermaid - to catch up. At Tatyana C's goading, I tried the infamous GOAT cookie. Now THAT is a 6-star dessert. Imagine soft warm cookie dough sandwiching a layer of tasty chocolate, plus sprinkled chips on the cookie. My Atlantan visitor loved the cookies as well and was glad they don't have anything like it in her hometown because the calories would be too much to bear!Architecturally, I'm digging the cupcake lounge look. The black couches and flat screen TV made it  male friendly, and they get bonus points that one of my favorite movies (Bad Boys 2) was playing. They also had a game for the kiddie and celebu-gossip mags. The bathroom is clean, and they have paper towels instead of those godforsaken electric dryers. The store has free, fast wi-fi (ask them for the password).
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,4/3/2011,196,289,7,12,8>Many people mention how "cool" this salon is.  I must admit that I was at first intimidated by the "coolness" factor.  Upon meeting Todd, you can tell he's part of the "hipster" scene.  Well at least more than me!  He was a little distracted when I first walked in because he was working on his playlist for that night's gig as a DJ.As he focused on me, I relaxed and I felt comfortable chatting away with Todd as he did the keratin straightening treatment.  I came to him after several Yelpers recommended him.  It's been 2 months since I received the treatment and I can now tell you it has changed my life!I have thick wavy hair and getting ready has become a lot simpler and easier.  Many people gave me personal horror stories and I've had nothing but success with the treatment.  In fact, today my coworker asked me if I had just gotten my hair blown out.  She thought it looked like a professional had done my hair!  With all the horror stories, I cross-examined Todd about every aspect.  He calmly answered all my questions.  Because I was concerned about the slick straight look, he even straightened my hair in a way to leave a little volume. Todd was extremely knowledge and professional.  He gave me tips on how to make it last longer.  It typically lasts 1 month, but mine is at 2 and going strong!  Two key points for me: price and availability.  1) The treatment was very reasonably priced considering how many people have told me they pay $400-500 for the treatment.  2) Todd's hours are very flexible so it allows me to come to the salon after I'm done at the office.I'm extremely loyal to the guy who cuts my hair, but I will continue to come back to Todd for the Keratin treatments.  I'm hooked.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,4/2/2011,255,530,9,11,11>Upon walking in and discovering Patrick L, at the bar, I realized this was going to be a tough review. Not that criticizing food is all that tough, it's just that Patrick is so much a better writer then me.I won't write about the disturbing crying baby, it's the parents fault that eventually he or she will become a killer! I now have to focus on the food, That's what Patrick would do. So I ordered a variety of culinary delights.Initially as I perused the menu, I spied Roasted Pork Belly Flatbread, just the mention of it set me to hyper drive. I placed my order with Cat or Kat, my attractively young bartender, but alas Cat or Kat said to me, know flatbreads today. But, I wanted the Pork Belly Flatbread. Cat or Kat looked at me and said, mmmmmmm those are my favorite too, but not today. This time rejection was even more painful, as I could already taste the flatbread and roasted pork belly. So my quest continued!I then went, for the drinks, well I was sitting at a bar and still in pain for the lack of pork belly flatbread, so my first drink was the Sakitini, a Saki laced Martini with cucumber, I think the best Martini, they make. With that drink, I pared it with Moroccan Shrimp, strangely enough a city surrounded buy desert. But, desert shrimp, which were fresh water tiger prawns, were good, more of a BBQ sauce then a spicy dust, but all the same good! Next on the list was Beef and Jalapeno skewers. I think they were the most tasty, and they were pared with a Red Dragon Martini, which was way to sweet for my taste buds. Then lastly I got the Beef Short Ribs, which was pared with a regular classic martini. I liked this least of all, although good it was way to star aniseeeeeeeeeee, as the taste still lingers in my mouth.Would I come back there, yep I would! Will it make it..................... No it won't. it was empty there today and they have a huge rental space. I can't imagine they could sell enough pork bellies to succeed.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,4/1/2011,563,515,17,12,10>THE GOODIf you are an unlucky lad like myself and end up losing this weeks pay at the blackjack table, fear not there are a number of restaurants and bars to take your mind off of the misery you experienced at the hands of that sly dealer.At the Village, there is Yard House, PrimeBar, Playwright's Irish Pub for those who, like me, drown their misery with the al-al-alcohol. And then you have other places more known for their food such as Cheese Course, Brio, and Texas de Brasil. This is where the foodie takes care of their misery.THE BADTaking care of one's blackjack misery adds up. What started as an innocent half off groupon.com dinner became a night of free flowing cash. Starting with my continuation of bad luck at the blackjack table, followed by one too many beers at Yard House, then a stomach filling meal at Cheese Course, lastly topping it off with some good hookah at Cigars at Gulfstream.It was one damn expensive Tuesday night.THE UGLYWhile sitting there tipsy and people watching with the hookah in my hand, I noticed this abysmal light display in the courtyard. It was lights synchronized to Trans Siberian Orchestra. It may sound cool, but it was really lame even in a tipsy state.You would think a place with so much money could put a little more money into their lame light show.THE UGLIERThe shock on my face from when I tallied my final total on my free spending ways the previous night.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2008,7/12/2008,153,1226,2,8,4>guayacan is great, i  really like their gallo pinto. i had lunch with some friends here today. i ordered the 'carne asada.' it was very tender and tasty. the plantains were a little too sweet for my taste but i ate them anyways. didnt finish my lunch so i had some leftovers... which, i just ate. good stuff.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,7/11/2008,41,55,3,7,3>Absolutely best manicure and pedicure I've had in South Beach!  Service and prices can't be beat at $40 for a very thorough Mani-Pedi, request Andrea to be your Nail Tech if available.  Sit back, relax and have a blast watching old school concerts on DVD.   Here you'll find the largest selection of Havaiana Flip-Flop Sandals for men, women and children you've ever seen. The almost dizzying array of fab dresses and accessories is seriously tempting, the selection is far better than most Lincoln Road boutiques!  Check it out for yourself, I am sure you'll agree. The owner, Robert, is a sweetheart and lots of fun to chat with.  Tell him Katherine sent ya!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2007,7/10/2008,169,173,3,6,4>Formerly known as Street Couture,  this cute boutique has evolved into a "green" organic Eco-friendly clothing place!  I love dressing green,  so naturally I had to stop in here and check it out!  The owner carries Carilyn Vaile's green line, which is an amazing, versatile, easy-to-wear line of basics. It very much exhibits that laid-back California style, but is fun: pants that turn into a jumper, bubble shorts, dresses.  They also carry an accessories line called Mad Imports, which is designed by women's co-ops in Madagascar, and a denim line called Plan B, which uses chemical-free materials. They still will carry non green lines such as Voom, Fighting Eel,  and Geren Ford.  When in Miami, definitely stop by!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2007,7/9/2008,20,54,2,7,2>Dsspite yelp deciding that this was a grocery, it is not. It is a restaurant.This is the best fried chicken I have had since Harolds on the South Side of Chicago. Walk up to the window and you might have to wait a while, or even thrust your head in and announce yourself (probably works better if you speak creole). There is often a line here, but it is worth the wait. For $2 you can get three large drumsticks fried to a crispy golden, tender and juicy served with the hot Haitian slaw and plantains for $1 more. Definitely worth the trek. you can eat on the tailgate of your truck and watch life in little haiti go by as you savor the deliciousness.Apparently there are some other items on the menu, but chiken is clearly tops.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2007,7/8/2008,293,585,4,3,4>Beautiful summer clothes that you can throw in the wash and wear right out of the dryer. I bought my boyfriend a seersucker suit here... for about $300. Men's shirts here are fantastic. Expect them to be about $100/ shirt though.I'm so used to shopping at Nordstom Rack that to me, this store seems a little pricey. But.... hey, the stuff is designed in Miami and the fabrics are great. I splurged and so can you.(I'm sure there's many yelpers out there who'd think this place was reasonably priced!)Funny enough, the salesman's tactic was to keep us in the store talking about *anything* while I had 2 items to ring up.I kept telling him... "go ahead, ring me up." But he kept showing me stuff and delaying my being able to cash out. It was getting a little frustrating... but it worked in his favor. I ended up buying several more items before I left the store.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,7/7/2008,0,1,3,6,6>Check this place out If you love vintage shopping.  It is like walking into a goldmine, yet the prices are insane.  For my budget it's more like a gallery tour rather than a shopping spree.  The store is fairly hidden, but it has every era of clothing and accessories.   I recently moved here from MN and I'm use to being able to make purchases instead of just looking, so that was a bummer.  I shop here if you're looking for a unique piece of jewelry or dress.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2008,7/6/2008,58,461,4,6,4>Kafa Cafe, I have a feeling you're gonna be my new best lunch buddy.In an up-and-coming area, you've got the perfect combo: tasty selection, nice ambiance, and great price points. What more can a working girl ask for? Well, your Turkey Supreme sandwich (roasted turkey, sauteed onions, avocado,  sour cream, and melted cheese) was achingly good. And for $6.75, you even came with a side order and a slice of cantaloupe? You gotta tell me what's the secret ingredient in that mad-delicious potato salad. My friend digs your onion rings. Well, your parking arrangements are kinda ghetto but that's ok because I am too. BFFs 4eva.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2008,7/4/2008,12,1,3,3,3>Van Dyke Cafe is what locals want out of Lincoln Road without having to pay Lincoln Road prices.  You get all the ambiance of other restaurants, but you're paying less than roughly $15/dish.  I had a pretty standard item, Chicken Alfredo, it was great; more chicken than pasta (rarely happens anywhere).  That, coupled with a great drink selection, friendly bartender and the always entertaining street view of Lincoln, made this a new hot spot for me.  I would recommend to anyone not looking to break the bank on Lincoln but still have a great dining experience.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2008,7/3/2008,4,22,,10,6>One of the only places in Miami to find high quality 18th and 19th century French antiques and European antiques, period art, lighting and decorative pieces.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,7/2/2008,94,267,6,7,10>everyone else summed the abbey up nicely.  brilliant little hole-in- the-wall bar.  amazing selection of beers.  good tunes.  good vibe.  if i lived on the beach, it'd pretty much live here.oh, and the best part... every beer has it's own official glass.  that impresses me soooooo much.  it's the simple things in life, ya know.fyi... being a ex-smoker was not fun here.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,3/22/2010,223,96,4,13,6>This park is free but you have to be a resident of Aventura. The only way to get in is with your Aventura resident key card.I love taking my dog here; it's right down the road from our condo and the people and animals we've met here so far are sweet natured and friendly. The park has showers to rinse off your dog and two doggie water fountains. Theres usually plenty of tennis balls around to share, and plenty of friendly owners to help you throw them. All the humans I've met there have been outgoing yet mellow, relaxing and chatting on the various benches, reading a book or playing with the dogs. The dogs for the most part are well behaved. Most are small to medium sized with a few larger breeds mixed in, and with very few exceptions everyone seems to get along. during the park hours there is a city employee there to ensure no innapropriate dogs are there. The facility is well maintained and clean, with nice grass, shade trees, and a large covered bench area for the humans!This is such a great place to relax with your pet!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2009,3/21/2010,73,158,12,10,8>Ok people, THIS is a true story. My first experience at this price choice....I went in to buy bread for dinner. As I was standing in the express lane, a homeless man came up from behind to buy something to eat. Out of nowhere, the security guard walked up to the poor homeless man and lysol'd him!! lysol!!! i was so upset that i vowed not to go back, and then at dinner i tried the delicious bread from their little bakery and realized my moral back bone wasn't really that strong as i have been back repeatedly for this bread. Recently, I was having friends over for dinner and without a publix for miles had to pick up a couple of ingredients at this market. To my suprise, it isn't half bad!! produce section even has fresh leeks. there is a LARGE variety of ethnic foods, a whole aisle of mexican ingredients, a half aisle of standard asian stuff and a lot of caribbean seasonings i can't wait to experiment with. all in all i am more and more impressed with this little market.oh, just so we're clear i am YET to be lysol'd myself.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,3/20/2010,110,113,10,19,15>I am really blown away by the ratings of the other reviews. This place is awesome! Putting aside the goals and practices of the organization (because that alone would qualify a 5 star rating) but the store itself is worthy of AT LEAST 4 stars. It is a smaller thrift shop, compared to Goodwill & Salvation Army, but it is very clean, neat, organized, and staffed with smiles. They have clothes, music, movies, books, jewelry, household items, etc. Yes some things are old but HELLO this is a thrift shop. You will not be purchasing items with their original tags (although I really did find a few) but you can get yourself some great threads! Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. You can make it work. HONEST STATEMENT: I remember thinking to myself as I browsed through the clothes "if I was a single mom or homeless I would soooooo shop here". I am neither and I still shopped here. Versatility!!! I walked away with a CD (Adelle) for $2.00 (or $3.00 I can't remember), a book (Grisham) $1.00, a skirt (I've been asked where I bought on it's first public outing), and a pair of shorts all for $10.00. And they have a convenient parking lot accompanied by street parking if need be.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,3/19/2010,1489,1675,12,22,19>Met some friends last night at this beautiful restaurant. Inside the Astor hotel. Daniella are professional very friendly hostess immediately greeted us and took us to our table. The inside has dim lighting, really pretty decor, lush booths with cozy chairs opposite the booth's. Waiter came over to get our drink order, and we decided on a bottle of Malbec from Argentina. It was light, good flavor and perfect. They had some nice wines on the menu just not a very big selection. We decided to try some Tapas before our main entree's. Our waiter gave us a full list of recommendations. We ordered the Ham Croquetas with spiced tomato marmalade. I personally did not try them but everyone else said they were delish. Then oh my favorite was the Cuban Malanga Tacos with black bean beef picadillo topped with queso blanco & pickled Cubanel peppers. These little taco's were heavenly. Seriously, could have ate ten of them. The presentation of the food was simply divine. Then we all ordered our entree's. Sipping on some delish wine, great conversation, what a perfect evening with awesome company. The staff were continuously refilling our water and wine but they were not overbearing. They let us enjoy our conversation and never did we feel rushed. The Manager came over to greet us and introduce himself. He thanked us for coming in and told us to enjoy our meal. Very nice touch. As we sat into deep conversation they brought over another order of the Malanga Taco's. Uh, we already had some. No problem, they are on the house, so we got to keep them. YES, score some more of those very delish little taco's. Our entree's arrived to the table. Arroz con Pollo - 21 Boneless chicken thighs with yellow rice, peas & roasted peppers topped thinly sliced chicken breast served with smoked garlic aioli. Crispy Skin Cuban Pork - 23 Slow roasted & marinated with oregano & garlic Vaca Frita/Crispy Skirt Steak - 22 With avocado & tomato chimichurri Seared NY Strip Steak - 26 With chimichurri & sweet onion sauce Douglas Rodriguez, owner/chef came over to our table introduced himself and then said he will be back to see how we liked our dinner. The entree's were delightful. Hubby had the Crispy Skin Pork, and said it was the best. Very unique and different, great flavor, crispy on the outside but the pork was moist and had excellent flavor. All in all the food was amazingly good. No complaints from anyone. Nice size portions, and excellent presentation. After our meals Douglas stopped back to see how we enjoyed it. Very nice gentleman with such a passion for his dishes. He was happy we all enjoyed it very much. We watched him go to every table in the restaurant, because he truly cared about ever single guest. Then we decided to try the chocolate cigar box and coffee. Waiter put on the table and when he opened the cigar box smoke came out and the smell was great. Sweet, luscious flavor of a really good smelling cigar. He went on to tell us everything was edible other than the wrapper around the cigar. It even came with a book of matches, very cute. Rich, dark chocolate with great flavor. You could taste the cigar in the chocolate. Very cool. Our wonderful evening came to an end after taking our time enjoying each others company. Service was excellent, great food, gorgeous decor, awesome night. Nice to have an upscale Cuban restaurant with such great food and perfect ambiance. Looking so forward to coming back to sit in their beautiful garden with some great Tapas and cocktails. Really a 4.5 star rating, just wish they would get a bigger selection of wine.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,3/18/2010,126,56,9,12,11>But I can't stop from just smilin, when that damn sun is shining on. Oh its just shining down all over me!. - Shining on-Big D and the Kid's Table.That is just the way this place made me feel. The weather was perfect. I was out on the water sitting on a bench and table made of driftwood. Myself and my girl sipping on coronas with lime. Rustic environment with everything surrounding me having once come from the ocean itself. Little sailboat races in the harbor. It was a perfect day. Picturesque and calming. We went to Le Tub with the realization that today was meant to be relaxing and fruitful. We park, in the tiny parking lot, tip the attendant, and head on in. We arrive to a somewhat hidden sign painted on a bathtub. Bright colors on signs and carved driftwood... warning us that this was a cash only establishment. I was prepared for this and found an empty table right on the water. I was also prepared for the well documented wait. We didn't come here when we were simply starving. That would have been a grave mistake. The menu states that they would not sacrifice quality and attention to detail for speed, and although perhaps they could do with a larger grill, as theirs is probably the size of my own stove at home, they deliver. My girlfriend ordered the chicken sandwich and for myself, the burger. We sat and relaxed basking in the sun with beer in hand for about 40 minutes. And I enjoyed every second of it. The waitress was fun and very attentive, seeing to our every need as we downed our drinks. Our food was pretty damn good. I must have looked like a kid on Christmas day when I got my burger. It was the size of my FACE. The burger is labeled the best thing on the menu, and it sure took the cake. It was a simple burger, the sirloin meat was well seasoned and cooked to the perfect medium-rare I had asked for, the Swiss cheese added a nice kick, and the lettuce and tomato were fresh. I had juices running down my face and loved every second of it. My girl ordered the chicken sandwich, and although I didn't try it, she said she was pretty happy with it. The chicken may have been slightly overcooked, and I considered that the burger looked far better, but she was happy with it. That's what mattered. We ordered fries on the side (they are a-la-carte) and couldn't finish them. They were fresh and delicious.. but just tooo much food. I'm not sure what people complain about. The wait, and the fact that this place is cash only is super well expressed. If it's not here on yelp, its on signs galore, and on the menu itself when you order. The point of this place is taking it easy and going with the flow. It's simply part of the atmosphere. I give it 4 stars and not 5 for the price. You can walk out of there with a pretty hefty bill, and for the parking. It was a tad tough to park in the tiny secluded lot. There is nowhere else to park either. I'm going to wait for another sunny day, but I WILL return.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,3/17/2010,223,290,7,10,9>Who knew my car breaking down would equate to some good food? That was the case when smoke rose from the hood of my car and I had to walk somewhere to A) Get water to fill my radiatorB) Kill at least an hour+half. Walking from 24th to this place on 29th, made me realize how right Maria was. This area is just minutes away from the center of miami, and there were hardly any places to eat, let alone any decent places. This city certainly has a long way to go. Anyway I get here and order the  Guerrero platter with fish. The wait was minimal, I'd say 10-12 minutes. Nothing decent conversation can't cure. So when I first bite into these (I got hard shell tacos, I think you should opt for the soft shell) the flavors were definitely different. The guerrero tacos come with some sort of mango chutney, along with onions, cilantro, shredded cabbage, cilantro salsa,  and jack/cheddar cheese. Two things. One. The flavors of the tacos weren't ridiculously amazing. They were different, for sure. Good? Definitely. But I wouldn't see myself eating them all day/every day. I think it was the mango. Funny because colombian hot dogs/burgers bring pineapple and I can eat those all day. Two. The fish they use, a trio of Mahi Mahi, Tilapia, and Grouper... is AMAZING. Goodness. Seasoned so well, cooked so well, and I thought it was chicken. I don't know, this is good for me. I'm not a fan of fish all that much. Another person I went with ordered the tostones platter with fish. Now that shhh was delicious. The customer service is also top notch. I must admit, the sauce and the beer-battered, fried fish taco in Lime is real good, but I would go back to this place. But yeah, funny name, funny words on the menu. What can you do? Just lawl, I guess.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2009,3/16/2010,73,61,16,19,13>Pole Fitness Miami's new Gables location is a lot bigger than their humble old studio in the Grove. It's very cute, always smells delicious and the classes are a lot of fun. You should consider some things carefully before you decide to sign up.Here's a little questionaire to see if Pole Fitness Miami is right for you:1. Can you do 10 push-ups or 5 pull-ups with relative ease?2. Do you have any kind of dance background?3. Do you have a decent-sized chunk of cash you don't know what to do with?If you answered no to any of these questions, go to the gym and come back and see Susan and the crew when you're not a lump of useless cookie dough with zero coordination. This class is advertised for women of all shapes and sizes but you need to be in SOME kind of fit condition before attempting this or you're going to lose a lot of money and develop a whole new self-image complex. If you passed this little test with flying colors, however, take these classes. The instructors are awesome and the studio always has special offers to make it easier on your wallet. I highly recommend buying a pole (if you can afford the classes, another $200 on a pole is not a big deal) and practicing at home. Taking classes only once a week is not often enough to build any muscle memory and your body will forget everything you did. The studio sometimes offers open-pole classes so that you can practice the pole tricks in the studio for less than $20 an hour and there's always someone around that can help you nail the moves. The last dance class I ever took was long before puberty and I wasn't even good then. I realized after making it to level two and still feeling way behind that I have no chance of improving in this class until I'm fit enough to keep up with everyone else. Take the teaser classes before you buy the class packages, otherwise you will not get your money back under ANY circumstances. They are not playing.And one more thing: don't be afraid to let your inner stripper out, although if you are, the instructors will happily drag it out of you. This isn't Bible study, ladies.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,3/15/2010,286,311,11,13,11>Dépaysement! French lesson of the day: this word means a change of scenery, being  out of your element...  Magnum Lounge is the last place I would expect to find  in Miami but rather in New York or in Europe.A piano bar is by definition a place for live music in a more intimate setting. Nice lounge music, a crooner singing, I half expect to see elderly couples dancing around... when I entered the room, I traveled back in time. Very 1920's, red everywhere, a boa hanging behind the piano, me lip singing "Your song", a birthday celebration with a small Yelp crowd to criticize everything... a delightful evening. Happy Birthday JL!Not familiar with the area I still found the place easily. From the outside the lounge is not attracting your eye but once you get in you feel somewhere else. I love the atmosphere here, very relaxing.  The food seemed to be average in general. A nice choice in the menu: calamari, conch fritters, jumbo shrimps, crab cakes, escargot, ... for appetizers. Entrees seemed  a bit pricey: lamb, roast pork,...Nothing exceptional for  my mouth. My escargots were nice with creamy blue cheese sauce, the kind of soufflé that came with it was not the best thing to add. Desserts seemed very sugary: chocolate and peanut butter cake, milky way cake, cherry cheesecake. Tried a few bites from the first two... not a fan. This is a place to come for its nice setting and atmsophere but not for a culinary extasy.  Still a lovely place for a romantic date ;)
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,3/12/2010,211,268,11,17,18>Ahhhh Nixon! A nice little sandbar just south of bear cut! Don't want to take your boar all the way to Elliot key well Nixon beach is a quarter of a mile south of Key Biscayne. The depth varies from as much as 5 feet to as little as 6 inches (depends on tide and how close you get to sandbar). This is a great place to tie up to a few boats have a BBQ and hang out in the water. He is a cool fact: Nixon beach is named after president Richard Nixon. Why you ask? Well the sandbar runs parallel to his old house on Key Biscayne (just south) so its pretty cool when you anchor up you see this beautiful house on its own little peninsula where a president used to live. FYI! we can rent a party boat its 2500 but its all day! Includes beer and chips! Plus kayaks and a water trampoline! If we get 40 people or so its roughly 70 per person anyone interested?
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,3/11/2010,620,350,10,20,13>This is the kind of restaurant where you want to hug the chef for making you such a deliciously unique meal.Finding Michy's was not the easiest task. The restaurant is not immediately obvious as you drive through Biscayne a little faster than usual due to the neighborhood. Don't fret and park anywhere - there is a well-lit valet area assigned to Michy's.Once inside and with a menu in hand I felt immediately overjoyed at all the creative yet homey possibilities. And that's exactly what it was. My fiance actually made a reference to the movie Ratatouille after taking a bite of the creamy polenta with poached egg. It immediately transported him to a fond childhood memory where his Cuban grandmother fed him a very similar dish. Nothing but closed eyes and smiles at the dinner table at that point. :)Of all dishes we tried,  I can safely say I'd order them all again in a heartbeat:* Jamon Serrano & Blue Cheese Croquetas - Simple, yet my favorite. It turned my croquetta-loving world upside down.* Tuna Tartare - Not usually a dish I really enjoy anywhere, but this one also changed my mind about Tuna Tartare. Very subtle spice, and comes with chips.* Creamy Polenta - SUPER homey/comfort food, very happy to be eating it.* Crunchy Pork Belly - you can't go wrong with pork belly. Perfect balance of crunchy and fatty.* Short Ribs Falling off the Bone - yes please. Even better as leftovers. :)* Fettuccine Carbonara - our server and my table all agreed - one of the best pastas we've ever had. They make the pasta from scratch in-house too, and you can really taste the difference.* Michy's Bread Pudding - another dish that made us close our eyes and smile while we chewed. Comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream that created the greatest balance of hot/cold.I'm convinced that the best way to enjoy dinner here is to get many half-sized portions. I was happy to try as many things as I did, especially for it being the first time I come here. Now I know where to run out to and grab some fettuccine carbonara when the craving hits.Last but not least, the amazing, amazing service. Do yourselves a favor and ask for Adrian. Very knowledgeable, charming and friendly guy who made our experience noteworthy and memorable. He knew exactly which wines we would like with our meals, which dishes we would enjoy the best... everything. Our dinner was really made special.I think Michy's is officially our "special date" restaurant.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,8/26/2008,100,447,6,10,8>I *love* this club!  Now my favorite club in all of South Florida.  Wait.  No way.  Now that I think of it, this may very well be my favorite club in existence, period.  Gulp.I went on a Friday night, which is Sweat Records night, and had a blast.  The place started really getting packed (but not annoyingly so) at 1am.  There were all types, mostly alternatypes, but it was all much more laid back and mature.  Since it's 21+, there weren't many teenyboppers striving with every last penny of their allowances to be hipster-glam versions of Paris Hilton, aching to be cooler-than-thou.  Also, the clientele consisted of mostly locals.  Everyone was so friendly (unlike in NYC or downtown Ft. Lauderdale or South Beach); whenever I was bumped into, even if it was my fault, they would turn around, come back to me, look me in the eye, and genuinely apologize multiple times. The first room is a mix of rock and indie and oldies+soul.  This is where the busiest bar is, and where most of the moving traffic is.  However, the most I had to wait for a drink was a few minutes, and almost everyone was dancing.  The second room is darker, with lots of new wave, indie, eletronica stuff.  Smoke machines and disco balls.  My favorite music was played in here; it reminded me of Fridays at the now-defunct Roxanne's in Oakland Park.  This room has a huge dance floor where almost  everyone was dancing and having a great time.  I love DJs who spin a good assortment of new and older stuff so that you both get exposed to new music and have your favorites too.  Even if a song was unfamiliar, it was immediately catchy and fun to dance to.The backyard/courtyard area is the size of both indoor areas combined.  There's a tiki bar, lots of outdoor furniture to lounge around on, a fountain that spouts both fire and water, and a stage.  At midnight a band played, but by the time I got there, it was yet another DJ who was playing some instrumental stuff with a lone drummer drumming along on his set.  The music was still club-like, but it was also not as loud so people could talk.  This is where most people were actually drinking, talking, and smoking. There weren't actually too many smokers in the inner rooms/on the dance floors, so the smoke wasn't unbearable at all.  Plus, there was good ventilation in the place.  Not only are there two doors opening to the courtyard outside, but the A/C was on higher in the first room.  So if you wanted a change of pace, or wanted to cool down, or wanted to switch up the music a bit, it was so easy walking to and from each area.No nonsense, $5 cover after midnight.  Cheap drinks for Miami ($7).  It felt top notch and laid back at the same time.I only wish that the lighting wasn't so dark inside so that you could better people watch.  :)
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2008,8/25/2008,147,180,5,7,4>Miss Katie's Charm School is now in Aventura Mall, and if you have a little girl, I suggest you get over there asap. It's pink, pretty and perfect for spoiling your little princess. From headbands and ballet slippers, to tutus and hello kitty bedazzled tops, you'll wish you were size 3-6 months so you could fit into all the adorable stuff, too. If you don't have a kid but know someone who does, go here for gifts. The prices are mid-range, but the cute factor makes it all worth it.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2008,8/24/2008,280,485,3,6,3>This has always been one of my favorite local comfortable restaurants and even they make fun of the building on their website.  My last trip I decided to try something different and ordered the Volcano Chicken, the hot version.  While the flavor was wonderul it did not seem hot at all so if you like spicy food tell them to kick it up a notch, unless they forgot to make mine hot and then you may be in trouble.  I took it to go and was able to spice it up myself and there was enough food for two meals.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2008,8/23/2008,64,130,4,3,4>Good bye diet... HELLOOO Pizza!  I frequent this place for their lack of giving me a second glance when I ask for tons of stuff on my pizza.  I like everything except those little fish.  They're happy to throw everything on, toss it in the oven and serve it up for me just the way I like it.They do have pasta, appetizers and some darn fine deserts on the menu for the more diverse people out there too.  For anyone who's never been to a California Pizza Kitchen, they serve up a variety of almost personal / almost sharing size pizza of better quality than average pizza shop.Now go forth and chow one down! Yum!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,8/21/2008,534,839,5,9,6>I just read some of the other reviews for Joe's, and they are missing some stuff. Yeah, you can't get better stone crab, but there is more than that to Joe's.1st, you have to give their mustard dipping sauce some of the credit for their crab being so good. Also, their lyonaise potatoes are wonderful. All of their sides are great, but remember they are for more than one person. And they really do a nice broiled lobster tail, though since everyone gets crab, hardly anyone finds out. For desert, their brownie  sundae comes with the hot fudge in its own cup for you to pour as you please. They should really sell that thick hot fudge as a desert on its own. If you have a bit of a wait, take a look around. It really is a historic site, and the front patio area is quiet pretty (used to be the back patio area before they renovated about a decade ago.)
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2008,8/20/2008,63,107,3,6,6>The Steak Sandwich is probably one of the best I had and it was under $5! You really can't beat that. I also love a place where you can get Mozzarella sticks and cheese fries all in the same place. What more could one person ask for? They have a pretty big menu besides just the steak sandwich. I tried the burger, it was great. They also offer lots of seafood items like fried clams, mahi sandwiches, fish and chips, etc. However, I love there large selection of sides including: conch fritters, corn nuggets, jalapeno poppers, sweet potato fries, and the list goes on. The place is small but they have a nice size TV which I'm sure stays tuned to ESPN. I wasn't in the mood to drink when I went and I'm not sure if they serve beer but I'm hoping they do because I will be back and I will be thirsty!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2008,8/19/2008,1,6,5,10,6>My own worst enemy lies on 8th and Collins. Best brands on the beach, housing top designers like Marc Jacobs and limited edition pieces from Kate Moss for Topshop collection (yes i suckered to the goddess of style). Summer deals are at an all time high as of now, so be sure to stop by the back of the store where you will find the best in designer savings. Peek in every couple weeks for new deliveries from Helmut Lang, 3.1. Phillip Lim, DVF and more. Find the perfect fit amongst the wall of jeans, a great selection in a variety of styles. Attention males: it takes a little effort, but once you hit the top of the staircase, it'll be worth it.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,8/18/2008,62,88,1,3,3>pretty good prices and great flavors.  and it's so nice to be somewhere colorful and unique and a bit rustic (quirky in a word) which south beach prides itself on getting away from. only small problem is that things aren't exactly what you'd imagine from the description sometimes. i ordered some sort of stewed chicken but it was really more like roasted chicken that was placed into stew before serving (yes, there's a difference).  they definitely have the best fried yucca in town though, good for any "fries" connoseur... you know who you are. i would go back just for that. Also try the face-burning clear hot sauce that's on the table (that my friend requested additional jalapenos for) and a haitian after dinner drink called crema which tastes like super creamy spiked horchata.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,8/17/2008,34,109,2,4,2>I also have my usual order: Tom Kha Shrimp soup (medium spicy) and Shrimp Pad Thai (also Medium spicy).  Both have great flavors and portions  are very fair in relation to price.  Soups are about $5 and shrimp pad thai is only $14 for the dinner portion.  I ordered both for dinner last night and have plenty left over for lunch or dinner tonight.  Lunch specials are good, but portions are much smaller, but they do come with soup or salad (get the soup).Delivery is quick and food comes in hot.  $2 isn't too bad for delivery considering it's a great convenience and if you order on line, you get 10% off your order (more than makes up for the $2 charge).Even though I always order the same thing, I look forward to trying new items because the flavors here have always been strong.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2008,8/16/2008,54,101,2,3,2>This place is ridiculously amazing. My friends have been talking about Jaxon's for years and I finally gave in last week. It looked like an old country store from back in the day. Everyone was extremely friendly and the ice cream was phenomenal. I split an ice cream with a friend and we hardly left a dent in it( I love to eat and I don't play around with ice cream either!). They give you so much ice cream and it's really cheap. All of the kids and adults looked happy. When I have kids some day, I'm definitely going to make some sort of a tradition that has to do with Jaxon's =)
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,9/18/2014,212,89,6,9,9>Although this restaurant has only been open  a few weeks they have nailed down the food.  It is impecable! I can say that this was the best restaurant experience I can remember having. The restaurant is small, like most in Key Biscayne, with indoor and outdoor seating.  The decor inside is so interesting I caught myself staring for quite some time.  The owner decided to pay tribute to Japanese culture and collected various artifacts ranging from baseball uniforms to samurai armor and has them displayed throughout.The Kani Alaskan king crab was cooked to perfection and served with citrus air and almond butter dipping sauce which was delicious and original. The Bone-In Rib Eye is marinated in garlic, ginger, cilantro soy and the chef is an expert at locking in all of those flavors.  The shaved black truffle also helps its cause.  The Rossel Marquesa is a Venezuelan dessert with a creme brûlée style burnt sugar topping... This quickly climbed my list of favorite desserts to #1! I was elated after this meal. The only thing I needed was a bed to sleep off my food coma! This restaurant is a definite must try.... Even if it's out of your way.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,9/17/2014,60,144,5,8,7>Hands down the best gelato I have had in a while. The server behind the counter was very knowledgeable and let us know all about the organic side of the gelato. Enjoyed the peanut butter and vanilla. A friend got pear and that was amazing as well. Can't wait to go back. Parking can be tricky because of the nature of the area but well worth a 3 block walk. The store front was nice and clean - always makes for a happy visit. I was worried about the prices going in since it's all organic which usually means an extra few bucks - but this is reasonably priced and matches the other stores in the area.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,9/16/2014,97,52,5,8,10>I've been wanting to try Tongue & Cheek for awhile. Since they have a Miami spice menu, thought it'd be the perfect excuse to eat there for brunch! Ends up we didn't order the items on their Miami Spice menu, the other stuff looked better..I really liked the feel of the restaurant. It felt open, yet intimate. Trendy, yet homey. At 1:30 on a Sunday afternoon, the restaurant was not packed and we were seated immediately. We didn't have to wait long for our server to take our drink orders. We ordered food shortly after. All of the food came quickly :) and our waters were filled regularly during our entire visit. I never hit the bottom of my water glass.  And I drink a lot of water. All of the food was good. T&C did not disappoint!The munchkin donuts were delicious. The side of spiced chocolate dip was the perfect touch.  This dish reminds me of Thai donuts filled with dulce de leche and dunked in chocolate. These came out first, it probably would have been better as a dessert, not our appetizer. I ordered the egg white frittata.  I usually like meat as part of my entree, but this dish was satisfying.. It was a bit bland at first, but once I tasted the goat cheese it went from meh to mmmm. The potato hash that comes as the side is delicious. Better than regular hash browns or country fried potatoes. My fiance got the brisket eggs benedict. The egg was a bit more runny than how we like it, but overall very good. The brisket was tender, the sauce and eggs seasoned well and flavorful. Finished every bite. :)Overall a very nice brunch. I'm looking forward to the next visit =)
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,9/15/2014,122,127,5,14,9>Food is delicious & portions awesome! Chef Adrianne really did a nice job with this restaurant. It is in a shopping plaza but as soon as you enter it feels like you are in a fancy restaurant at the beach.  If you want a nice romantic gourmet dinner without having to drive to the gables, downtown or the beach, this place is perfect. As soon as you walk in you feel like you have stepped into a different place. The  lights in the restaurant are very dim. We went when there was still sun out and it immediately felt like it was night time as we walked through the door. Decorated with roses and candles....definitely sets the mood for romance.  I love what I think is bronze decor on the wall in front of the bar and the low light chandelier. Now on to the food. We tried two appetizers, one was the chef's special that night.. pork belly something. Was very good. And the other were the New Zealand lamb chops with candied jalapenos in a soy guava sauce. AMAZING!!! These are one of the best lamb chops I have ever had. I loved the sweet and saltiness in this dish. The lamb chops were cooked to perfection. They were rich, succulent,  and well seasoned. I even grabbed them with my hands to make sure I ate all the meat off them because it was hard to get it with my fork and knife (even though I was at a fancy restaurant), where are my manners?  By this time we were so full. Our main dishes came out. I had  the 24hr Braised Prime Beef Short Rib with the sweet potato souffle. All I can say is WOW! The souffle was delicious and the portions.....I felt like I was in the Flintstones. My husband had the Osso Bucco and it was an even bigger portion. It was so much food we took a couple of bites, because we were full but took it to go. Our to go bag felt was so heavy, it felt like there was about 5llbs of meat in there. Of course we had to try dessert. I wanted to experience everything at this restaurant. We had the creme brulee which was light and perfect. This restaurant does have the pricing like other fancy restaurants the difference here is that the portions are awesome! I have been to many other restaurants that are expensive,but the portions are very small sometimes leaving me hungry. Well you can be sure you will not leave hungry from here. Food is terrific and portions are bountiful. I can't wait to visit again and try some more dishes, and I will of course have the lamb chops again. They were memorable........
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,9/14/2014,126,43,5,9,9>We can call a Sea Siam 'the gateway' because its the restaurant that made me love Thai... And then venture into other Asian cuisines that I now love. So like any other gateways... It can be dangerous, like wanting to eat Thai and Vietnamese every day dangerous.Whenever I try other Thai places, I compare it to sea siam as being my gold standard. Yes, Bangkok Bangkok is good, tani Thai is good, moon is ok... But sea siam is still my número uno. I've ordered everything on the menu and their tom kha gai soup is so freaking good, I want some right now. Many times I get the ginger salad and gang dang curry chicken. Best curry I've ever had- aside from Thailand. Let me warn you, if you say Thai hot- they'll give it to you. And you'll be sweating, but it's a good sweat.Last time we sat at the bar with the owner (I think) and drank wine cracking jokes with him. Sometimes he's super dry and sometimes he's loose. That's humankind, can't fault him for it. I digress... So I ordered the Miami vice 2, which is salmon, asparagus and avocado wrapped in cucumber. It was so good, might be my new go-to. It's really light but enough protein to keep me full! Save yourself some time and sit at the bar! No kids there either-- dig it!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,9/13/2014,272,50,4,9,9>Hurry up and eat at Mignonette before the line stretches out the door! Chef Danny Serfer's latest informal fine dining offering combines a seafood raw bar with lots of amazing flavors you know with new preparations you hadn't imagined, or just plain can't or won't make at home.  Their nighttime menu features prime rib, but we visited for Sunday brunch.We started with Warm Croissants served with mango jam and lobster butter. Both condiments were amazing, but the Lobster butter captivated me! We lobster butter to put on just about everything else :)  Chef said it's a multi-day process to create the perfect lobster stock, clarify it, and mix it properly into the butter, then give it time to cool along with its chunks of claw meat. Best to proceed immediately to the raw bar.  We chowed down on some local fresh peel & eat shrimp sprinkled with Old Bay seasoning (I think), dunking them in lobster butter (sinfully delish!) or the house cocktail sauce.  We sampled Oysters Bienville (spinach, bacon and a few other things) and Oysters Rockerfeller too, followed by a plate of the finest, freshest raw oysters I've had in Miami.  I'm not going to lie, my oyster slurping has been confined to the Monty's in the past, all frozen likely.  These oysters are a million times more delicate, tender and looking to accept the house purple sauce.  If you like deviled eggs, the Lobster Deviled Eggs are a must try. I call them #GringoSushi and they're filled with tasty chunks of fresh lobster on top of the half egg, and melt physically in your mouth.Inspired, we ordered the Turducken Burger and a Fried Conch Po Boy to share, and devoured them.  Turducken was invented by Hebert's Specialty Meats in Louisiana by stuffing a chicken inside a duck, then stuffing the duck inside a turkey. Needless to say this burger is STELLAR!  The Turducken burger is served with a little "mayonette" and smothered in yummy muenster cheese.  It tastes like a cross between a burger and sausage, and is simply unlike any other burger in this patty crazed town.  The Fried Conch Po Boy is served on a Portuguese bun smothered in a tangy sort of remoulade sauce.  Both sandwiches were served with the house french fried potato chips - round chips that are kind of crispy like chips, but have a warm inside like a french fry.We topped it off with a little Panther coffee and the house Strawberry Rhubarb Pie a la mode. Apparently, rhubarb is an acquired taste - which I long ago picked up, and if you like the flavor, this is a place to indulge it! They also serve a fantastic desert everyone else calls "Crack Pie" but they simply call "Biscayne Pie" made out of sugar, spice and everything nice. Now that you're reading this review, the place is probably busting at the seams so hurry up and get in line!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,9/12/2014,206,133,7,12,10>I am so upset that it took me so long to get here! We have lived downtown for almost 8 yrs now and always had such a difficult time coming here because of the hours. We finally came straight from work one day. I love the indoor decor. It's nice, quaint, and cozy. Ironically, the music is awesome. It's not like soft Italian music playing in the background. It's oldies and hits. Sets a fun tone for the night. We started off with the calamari. Oh me gee delicious. Cooked perfectly. The breading wasn't too heavy and it was fresh. The tomato sauce it came with was so yummy. It wasn't sweet and had a little bit of a bite to it. For our main course I ordered the orrechiette, this was phenomenal. It came with chicken, mushrooms, in a garlicky cheese sauce. It is a great portion too. I had two meals for $15. My mother ordered the bolognese. I normally don't like meat sauces but this was the perfect combination of favors. I would stay away from the cannolis. Wasn't a fan. The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because of the wine list. It's small and has very few Italian wines. We will definitely be frequenting this hot spot before we leave Miami! Soooooo yummy!!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,9/11/2014,126,295,5,10,7>I have had my share of bad haircuts in my life and I was ready for a change.I had passed by  7 Salon many times, as it is just around the corner from my condo and decided to give them a try.  I was expecting a foofy place but to my surprise they are super friendly and not too expensive ($50).I had the good fortune to discover Julia, who claims her ex-boyfriend had the exact same hair as me so she was familiar with what I wanted.I got a fantastic haircut and the service is great...they always offer you a drink and the shampoo chair gives you a back massage too!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,9/10/2014,243,140,5,8,6>This store is open Monday-Friday 10:00 a.m. -4:00 p.m and during all Miami HEAT home games. You can find all Miami HEAT gear including hats, jerseys, baseballs, big hands and all sorts of stuff. It is a destination for tourists to come see a piece of the Miami HEAT and arena during the off season. Unfortunately, if you're visiting during the off season the regular arena is off limits. Only the store is open. There is a large LED screens playing classic baseball games on NBA tv. You can sometimes even catch games from 1996. The staff here is very friendly and helpful. If you're a tourist visiting and you bring a large bag (for example, book bag), you'll be asked to leave it at a table located at the front of the store. You should have no trouble finding the store as it is on the front end of the arena. The main doors are closed, but when you approach security for the arena are present to open the doors. They also check your merchandise bags to match your receipt on the way out. Currently all Lebron James items are 50% off.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,9/9/2014,63,154,5,8,7>I was drawn to this place since the Yelp event the attended.  The vegan walnut brownies are AMAZING!  The curry chicken panini is also amazing.  That's my daughters favorite sandwich when she goes.  You can't go wrong with the desserts and sweets they have.  The chocolate chip cookies are just oh so yummy.  This is a cool spot for a college kid to hang out.  I know it makes my daughter excited about getting into college because of the vibe, food and music. Lol. I come from Homestead to this place every now and then or stop by if I take turnpike hm from wk.  The tea here is nice and refreshing but the strawberry-banana smoothie is AMAZING!  I purchased it for the baby to have a drink and when I took a sip I had to get a cup and ask the baby if she can share. Thank goodness she said yes lol. But as for my oldest she got a no lol. Great place for food and refreshing drinks and the salads and sandwiches are of a huge portion to me. Both my daughter and I can barely make it through a half piece of a panini. Well worth the money and stop.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,10/18/2014,227,222,8,7,6>Went for what, I believe, was the soft opening. TVs were still being hung, the full menu hadn't been rolled out. I'm pretty sure the walls hadn't even been painted blue.Still. This place, it's by the people who brought us Wood Tavern. (You can find me at Wood most Friday evenings chasing shots of Jameson with gulps of Blue Point.) No, I couldn't wait anymore. I had to go. I HAD TO.Sat at the bar to enjoy the Colombia vs Greece match, and what struck me -- and, in looking at pictures, what continues to strike me -- is that the decor isn't your typical sports bar decor. What I mean is... it's not like a ten-year-old boy's bedroom with Florida Marlins sheets or the pukey "man room" you might see on some network-TV sitcom or in a divorcee's house. And yeah, you know what I mean. You know the difference between the place that just accumulated wonderful, smoke-stained, outdated-yet-not-outdated decor over the years (I love you, Mike's at the Venetia) and the place that was intricately put together to make you feel like a pineapple under the sea.It's just simple. It's a sports bar. Benchwarmers, they let the sports do the branding. Not the myriad jerseys. Not the countless pennants. Not the endless posters featuring some local sport's hero. (Save for the picture of The Godfather in Laker purple. All Hail.)It's just sports. The sports do the branding. The sports and the craft beer and the simple, unstained wood and and the chicken strips and the jalapeño poppers. It's just sports. That's all. A place to watch sports. A place to eat. A place to drink.No owls. No pictures of fat fishermen. No fifteen pieces of flair. Just sports.The staff is great, too. Smiling. Eager to help. Open to conversation. All of it.Not a perfect 5 just yet. And this isn't an insult. I mean... they hadn't even finished putting the puzzle together, and I'm still giving it a four. No, I'll update this soon. Once I've had a burger. And the fries.The fries look unreal.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,10/17/2014,12,15,8,14,13>Konata's IS the exact definition of a hidden gem. I drove quite a bit to get to this place but it was well worth it. The only regret I had was not getting more than one apple loaf. The cravings are serious right now! Alright so, rewinding a bit .. I pulled up, parked & walked into this establishment with excitement! I mean, just look at these reviews right? I immediately noticed the cleanliness and how swift the service was. We were attended within 2 minutes. The boy & I shared their special which was enough for 2 people, we also got 2 yatty's and ONE apple loaf (why? biggest mistake! one was not enough for the level of deliciousness of this sweet thing). Before even trying our meal we had to endure the drive home since we went for take out but we were rewarded by a mouthful of pleasant flavors once we arrived. Today's special consisted of a fresh salad, mixed rice, beans, sweet potato & mock meat balls. The yatty (patty) was spicy but I am a spice lover so it did not phase me at all and well I don't think I could brag about the apple loaf any more (i really CAN) so I'll just say that if you have a sweet tooth you will want to get this - just thank me later! If you're a vegan, vegetarian, carnivore or ANYTHING you should try Konata's. You'll be glad you did and you will probably find yourself coming back for more. I certainly know I will be.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,10/16/2014,89,63,7,8,9>I frequent Miami Springs a lot and yet had no idea this place existed. It's definitely a hidden treasure. Serving Ecuadorian infused traditional Greek dishes, this family-owned restaurant has lots of delicious options to choose from, just ask one of the owners to recite the entire salad menu (with ingredients included) and she will do it with a smile (please note, she offered to do this, I did not challenge her to do so). I ordered the lentil soup, which was flavorful and hearty. The owner suggested that I add a touch of olive oil to enhance the flavor and she was right! I also ordered the chicken tender wrap which comes in a pita and the inside is drizzled with delicious yogurt sauce. My dinner dates each had a salad, which are pretty big and extremely fresh. Unfortunately, I left no room for the baklava, but now I have a reason to go back. OPA!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,10/15/2014,206,149,4,14,11>Super impressed after experiencing Station 5 on opening night.... Not only is it a lovely place, but the people who are running it and are working it are just lovely.  Didn't expect much, but was blown away once I walked in.  Super cool decor, super cool servers and great food.  It was genuinely a cool neighborhood restaurant/bar.  We started with the bacon guac and the shrimp guac.  Both great, but the bacon guac blew me away.  Comes with malanga chips and you can't go wrong with anything bacon.  Then we had the General Tsao's Pork Belly tacos.  We learned this is a family recipe, which made it extra special.  It was so good!!!!  Fun to share, 3 tacos in an order.   The short rib tacos with Cheetos was next.   Was loving that!!!  A little salty, but tasty and fun.  Anything with Cheetos is fun!Hmm next we had people join us, meaning more good food.  Our friends had the pork shoulder with rice and beans and a seafood stew. The pork was to die!!!!!  The rice and beans were so perfect!!!!Dessert: bread pudding.  Liked it a lot.   Overall a lovely experience and can't wait to come back.  This place will definitely do well.  And make sure you don't waste time and get a bottle of the albariño!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,10/14/2014,289,107,8,10,11>For the love of food.  Feel like I am at home in moms kitchen, and that in itself is a great feeling.  Good mix of what I would find at home too.Beer with food, shakes, papaya, banana, among the varieties, fresh oj, pastries, hamburgers, steak and other sandwiches of all sorts. International soda brands, fountain drinks. Pretty much anything you need. Not fancy, but pretty perfect taste and price.Small open space cafe, about 6 bar seating spaces. Places gets crowded but the crew working here hustles when the peeps show up to get their eats on!Less than $7 for great cafe con leche + steak sandwich. Best place to grab food 24 hours in downtown Miami.  Tons of Cuban coffee options all less than $2 and strong!Cash only. ATM inside though.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,10/13/2014,139,234,7,8,8>After months of attempting to try the famous Relleno, today was the d-day.We arrived and were corteusly greeted by the gent in charge. Knowing what we would have, we ordered two rellenos and glanced at the menu while ice was shaved, placed into a cup sauced with dulce the leche. Then some pound cake (bizcocho) pieces went in, topped with more shaved ice, and final smother of dulce de leche.My suggestion to eat it: grab the spoon and stir until everything blends. This will make the thick DdL loosen up and blend with the ice and pound cake. Once this occurs, dig in and enjoy.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,10/12/2014,88,104,7,8,10>I hadn't eaten here since before they remodeled many years ago because aside from the beautiful water view, I just wasn't impressed. After having brunch here recently, I can't wait to visit again! I tried the ceviche, short rib empanadas and a chicken salad wrap. The food was good and not crazy expensive either. The brunch ambiance is fun and the endless mimosas were an unexpected plus. People get up, drinks in hand, and visit the outdoor patio to admire the water view where jetskis, yachts and a local tour company flies their water plane in and out of this watery runway. We celebrated a birthday here and the manager makes it a point to stop in and say hello. In addition waiter service was EXCELLENT and my glass was never empty. Looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,10/11/2014,61,106,5,8,9>We had such a good time when we visited! The atmosphere was great! It was trendy and relaxed all with local beer and good food. The lay out is great the inside has a huge selection of meat (I thought the actual butcher shop meats were overpriced). The meats you can buy and leave or have them cook it for you their. The inside is a bit quite so if you like quite and awesome AC sit in here. Now the outside is a blast. The outside has a covered patio with huge tv and a bar and lost of awesome tables. It also has a fenced in terrace w sparkly lights and an outside BBQ pit that is more then awesome. They have a DJ a fun DJ and a great sound system.Now the food is great! We had 2 different burgers, and an all beef hot dog, potato steak fries,  sweet potato fries and of course a pint of local beer. The hot dog was HUGE and delicious, the bun a bit common still night toasted and soft. I got it with all the fixings... I should have asked what they were because jalapeños and I do not get along it was my bad and I just picked them of. A great hot dog all around perfectly cooked! We also got a great brisket burger that was fantastic! The regular steak fries were kind of gross but the sweet potato fries which i normally hate were AMAZING! The other burger we got was spicy so I did not try it because I hate spice! But it got good reviews from them. Service was friendly and fast made our group feel welcomed and taken care of right away. Street parking in kind of a shady part of town is my only criticism and why the 4 star rating.This is trendy, fun, and casual a great happy hour spot!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2014,10/10/2014,250,256,9,13,12>My second trip to Oak Tavern last night was a long overdue return visit. The first was honestly unmemorable, so I'm glad to report this week's visit was quite nice.I can only speak to happy hour and for that, Oak Tavern is a surefire win. I've become a bit of a HH snob, with my standards becoming ridiculously high. Oak hits the mark by offering the holy trifecta of good food, booze, and service.Beverage specials include beer, wine, and liquor. I opted for vinho Verde since I'm not into Riesling, Rose, or Merlot. Easy on the palate as expected, it was served nice and cold. I love that when you need another glass, the bartenders just fill you up in your current glassware. This makes sense because why would you want them to dirty a new glass for the same wine, you stuffy water waster? Also I feel like it leads to more generous pours, but that could be in my head. Discounted appetizers are a great deal. We had burrata flatbread, crab toast, and a cheese selection. The cheese was a rich buttery soft variety that paired well with its accoutrements of dried cranberries, nuts, and fig jam. The crusty bread absolutely made the dish. For $7, you can't go wrong. I enjoyed that the crab toast came with ample meat but I think a squeeze of citrus would have really brightened it up. Burrata on anything is heaven so yeah, that worked. My light dinner (split with a friend) and two glasses of wine set me back a measly $40 (30+tip. Yes $10 tip, you should tip as if you paid full price!). Great, friendly service at the bar and host stand. Truly a delightful atmosphere that is welcoming yet refined.I'm interested to return and check out more entree offerings, but in the meantime I'll be suggesting Oak Tavern for a sophisticated yet casual evening with friends.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,10/9/2014,78,152,16,13,11>Ok... So if you're from Miami or have lived in Miami for 10 years like yours truly, you know the importance of a good twerk and/or booty clap. And it's important that you get these mechanics down pat, PRIOR to hitting the stage, dance floor, or pole (No judgement,ladies! Get it how you live!) Enter: Ironflower. Ahhh... IRONFLOWER! A wonderful, magical gym that allows you to twerk, drop it low, make it rain, scuff & cup, pole dance, spin, sculpt, Zumba and do whatever else, without having to be concerned with the fact that the grunting dude with the heaving chest standing behind you as your work your hamstrings is staring at you like he's 10 seconds away from grabbing your left butt cheek and biting your right! So, if you haven't already guessed, it's a WOMEN'S ONLY gym. Now, I don't usually go for the "Women's Only" atmosphere; however, I'm really digging this joint. When you walk in, the place is spic & span, smells good (not a whiff of body funk in sight... err... smell - NOT EVEN IN THE LADIES' ROOMS), and the decor is fabulous (pink/white for the girly girls, with some black lacey print to add edge for the chicas like me, who aren't quite as girly). The instructors are ON POINT, too. I thought they were gonna be a bit lame because that's been my experience at other women's gyms. Many times, female instructors tend to be all, "Easy girls, you don't want to build too much muscle!" Well, at Ironflower, the instructors KNOW that unless you're like that Russian chick that played for "Globo Gym"  in the movie "Dodgeball," weights/muscles are YOUR FRIEND! Everyone here, from the front desk staff (Hi, Cassie!) to the instructors (Hey Ashley G, Tiffany, Kate, Kalyn!!!), to the fellow patrons are friendly, kind, helpful, and welcoming. A total non-witch atmosphere! So, if you're serious about fitness, and you don't like being visually and/or possibly physically sexually assault by the creepy, muscle-bound dude in the corner of the of the gym benching 450 and grunting like he just had an "accident" and forgot to pack a fresh pair of "Oops, I Crapped My Pants," give Ironflower Fitness a try. You have nothing to lose but weight, and everything to gain ([except weight] including MAJOR PAIN IN YOUR QUADS & HAMS). But don't let the possibility of pain scare you. After all, pain is merely weakness leaving the body. Strong women have no need for weakness, anyways!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,11/3/2012,62,129,2,5,4>[Visit of today, 4 pm] Having not dined at Shuck and Dive since a few Mother's Days ago, and always having loved the food, I decided to try it early in this new tradition of treating the teenage princess to lunch at a different, quality, and independently owned, local restaurant.  (Sorry for the run-on sentence) We started with the Fried Green Tomatoes. A thick, well-seasoned breading blended well with the still-crisp green tomato inside. A delicious Remoulade crisscrossed the tomatoes. For main dishes, we had the Fried Oyster Po'boy and the Fried Shrimp Po'boy (I know; fried, fried, fried...R.I.P. to my latest 24-hour diet). The hoagie rolls were melt-in-your mouth fresh; lightly buttered. My collard greens were as good as can be expected, still crunchy and replete with diced pork, and the tater tots went well with the Cajun Garlic sauce that was on our table. Service was very good and the value was self-evident. A 32-ounce Iced Tea for $1.99. $13.99 for each of the seafood sandwiches. The menu has a large number of must-try dishes. Repeat diners must never get bored. All in all, there was attention to freshness in all of our ingredients, and attention to superb flavoring - no need for salt shakers and Tabasco to resurrect the taste buds. This is a very clean restaurant; dining room and bathrooms were spotless. Another plus about our visit is an area this restaurant consultant tends to overlook; music. Shuck and Dive had a background recording blend of Cajun Zydeco, jug band, and classic NOLA jazz music. I tend to look at music with the "Do no harm" motto in mind, i.e. any music but bad music - and bad entertainers - is OK. Yet Shuck uses its music, at least when we were there, to enhance the dining experience. Last, the negatives..hmmm. There is the quirky cellphone Nazi rule of Shuck's. A sign greets you with "No cellphones!" above the door. Having visited many times over the years, I know they apply this rule unevenly. Once my friend and I were asked to leave because my friend took a cell phone call at the bar. I didn't go back for a while after that. Other times, they don't apply the rule. Nonetheless, my daughter and I did use discretion in texting or talking on our phones while we were there. Some people might be offended with the art gallery of bare-breasted women in the Men's Room. Made me grimace at the thought of what might be hung in the Ladies' Room. I didn't go there! Long story short, if you don't want to see nudity in the restrooms, keep your eyes closed.All in all, Shuck and Dive is an excellent restaurant with a few personality quirks that are best left overlooked. Life's too short to turn down food this satisfying.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,11/2/2012,332,131,9,13,10>If you are going on a date this is a great spot to try. BUT... only if the girl is an eater. if she's more into a scene where she can pick at a salad for an hour take her elsewhere. This place is for women who appreciate the sensuality of sharing a meal. I have been here three times. EXCELLENT! What I love about this place is that if you blindfolded me and said I was at a legit Italian joint in Hoboken or Brooklyn I'd believe it. (Except it would have to be summer.) Best part no golddiggers, no scene, no BS. I went there in a simple skirt and top, and shorts, sandals and tank top. Casual all the way. This place is legit and has been added as a go to spot for Italian. The vibe is old school "goombah" Italian. It's super causal, zero hoshy poshy but the food is 100% on point. Here's what to order... The Tavolozza Grande and then pick a pasta dish and share. If you are old school Italian you will appreciate the Tavolozza Grande which is a wooden board filled with salume (proscuitto, speck, mortadella, and cheeses, figs, grapes, PURE HEAVEN. This one easily feeds 4 as an appetizer.  The pastas are delicious. The last time I came I had linguini with seafood. I also had the gnocchi which were little nuggets of tasty love. Their specials are divine. Tips: when dining outside ask to be seated away from Smokers. Yes, people here smoke when they eat. I don't get this but whatever. Ask to move if you hate cigarette smoke (or opt to dine inside, it's chilly inside with cranked up A/C so bring a sweater). Also make sure to spray some bug repellent. The night I went recently was a full on mosquito attack on my legs and ankles. Parking is easy on the street.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,11/1/2012,38,118,10,11,7>I suppose it's true for any club that the clientele make the club, and that is why Vagabond is fun, this is a very diverse cross section of Miami.  Everyone says it's a "hipster" bar, presupposing judgment of some kind.  But I found hipsterism here in Miami is actually pretty enjoyable.  Sure, plenty of Fedoras, skinny jeans and advanced degrees, but none of the associated pretentiousness, rolled eyes, or snobby behavior.  Just a lot of people dancing, drinking and having fun.  The bartenders were also great.  They were quick, friendly, and they didn't stop dancing all night.So, why only four stars?  There are a few things I think they could do better.1. The music is great, but please, turn the music down.  I've never understood the music-so-loud-your-ears-bleed philosophy so many bars and clubs ascribe to.  Unless there's a live band, I need my ears for other things.  Like conversation.  I like conversation.  It's fun.  I don't like leaving a club with my ears ringing for the next several hours. It's just not necessary.2. I get that a packed bar is a good thing.  It forces us to be close when we'd otherwise be standing at a comfortable distance from each other.  Strangers are pressed together.  Even if a sad, lonely panda doesn't go home with someone, at least he gets touched.  There is a limit to where it becomes uncomfortable, however, and by the time the patio opened up, there was about two square feet per person in the main room, no exaggeration.  It's like they wanted to make sure there were enough people to completely fill the patio and the bar before the patio opened up.  Not necessary.3. Minor complaint here.  The grill looks great, smells great, provides great atmosphere, but grills aren't just for ambiance, they also provide the noble and time honored function of making food.  The grill master was using about a quarter of the grill and taking his sweet time.  I waited about an hour for a burger.Overall, Vagabond was a pretty fun experience.  Definitely worth going once, if only for the sake of novelty.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,10/31/2012,271,113,18,11,11>Going to the GYN can be an anxiety-inducing time for many of us, not so with your Fairy GynMother, Christina Pena, MD! Dr Pena is a pixie-sized magic wand carrying physician. Her magic wand is full of power that comes from knowledge, experience and compassion. Not only is she up-to-date on the most comprehensive tests and research to keep your Princess at her  sweetest and neatest, she is also an Obstetrician, Cosmetic Gynecologist ( I'll let you ponder that) and a Robotic Surgeon. Say What? A Robot-dancing, Pixie Surgeon ( she totes looks cute in her scrubs)? Bippity-Boppity-Boop! You and your Glass Slipper can have it all! From the moment you enter, you are greeted by earth tones, warm smiles and Fairy Dust. It is seldom that a GYN will even look you in the face (they are SUCH vagitarians). With a twinkle in her eye and a sparkle in her smile, Dr. Pena  engages in conversation and discusses in great detail your plan of care, options for services and  gives you the ins-and-outs of each and will not allow your  Carriage to become a pumpkin after midnight.Taking a bite of that poison apple can put a spell on you. When it does, South Florida OB-GYN Specialists is the warm, forested bed for your Sleeping Beauty to rest while awaiting the kiss that reverses the curse. Birds with be chirping, the sun will be shinning, fields of flowers will sway in gentle breezes and you and your  Rapunzel will live happily ever after.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,10/30/2012,182,156,8,9,8>My husband and I played a game at Zoo Miami where we identified certain types of people we would look for while walking around. Like bar bingo, but for the zoo (we like games!). Our first one, which we thought would be difficult, was to find other couples without children. We were sure that no adults go to the zoo without kids -- but we were very wrong! There were plenty of adults enjoying themselves at the zoo, and we had a great time too.We used a voucher through Smithsonian Free Museum Day, but $15 for an adult admission is not bad at all. We were able to go right in without standing in line. We arrived around 1 or 2pm, and yes it was hot, but we're locals ("WHAT? You're born and raised in Miami? NO ONE is from Miami!"), so it was all good. Previous reviewers have suggested bringing water, but the signs in the front of the zoo warn that they'll make you throw away any beverages or food, so you might want to play it safe and just buy a bottle inside (you can always refill at water fountains).We really should have rented the multiple-person bikes, because by the time we had walked through the zoo, we were sweating, our feet were killing us, and we were just plain exhausted. Next time I would definitely rent one to save myself some energy and body ache.The zoo is GIGANTIC. Please keep this in mind if you have kids,  if you are taking elderly people, or if you are a regular person like me who thinks you're athletic but then falls apart after walking for 5 hours. We walked the entire loop and yes, it took us about 5 hours. We are not crazy people who stay at each animal attraction for a long time -- that's just how much there is.We saw some of the coolest animals. One that I was fascinated with and horrified by at the same time was this ostrich-sized bird with a turkey wobbler thing. It had scary dinosaur legs and looked like it wanted to (and could) eat both of us. The bird exhibit was cool because it discussed how scientists believe that birds are related to dinosaurs. Overall, you'll see all the "regular" zoo animals, plus some you've probably never heard of.We ate beforehand but being on foot for that long will make anyone hungry. The food court thingy was pretty adequate... We had the most delicious pepperoni pizza for cheap.My favorite part was that the animals here don't seem sad, anxious, or ill. I've been to other zoos in the past (I won't name names), and I've left upset by the apparent states of the animals. Zoo Miami got an A+ for that from me!In the end, we were pretty successful at our game: we found more than enough crying babies, hot moms, and cute kids. :) I really recommend heading way down south (West? Where was I? Thank goodness for GPS) to Zoo Miami one day. It's a fun day that's worth the effort!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,10/29/2012,57,162,2,7,8>Good Mexican food in Miami?!  Si, si!  In my never ending search for a good Mex place, Don Burrito comes closest to the Texas joints I hold as the gold standard.My go-to dish to test out a new place is chicken enchiladas.  They had four different chicken enchiladas on their menu abundantly full of Mexican dishes.  Mine came with a red sauce, not verde, tomatillo or mole poblano.  It was fresh with delicious melted cheese on top and with rice and refried beans.  It was a large serving, and I couldn't even tell if there was two or three rolled enchiladas in there.  The chicken was shredded and soft and tasty.My wife and son each had fajita dishes.  Hers was a mix of chicken, steak and pork chunks and his was steak with cheese melted on it.  Both dishes were mountains of meat and grilled onions and peppers, huge servings!  They certainly came straight from the fire to the table as there was an assault on the senses when it was delivered.  The audible sizzle came first, so loud you could hear these plates coming from three tables away!  The olfactory senses came alive with the wonderful aroma of grilled seasoned meat.  And the visual enjoyment of seeing the steam trying to escape these dishes.  All senses spoke to you saying, "This is going to be good!"We tested the steak nachos for an appetizer.  The small plate we requested was really large and each of us had at least three or four nachos each.  They were very fresh and tasty, although I would have preferred melted cheddar cheese, but that's a very minor complaint.  I would like to see the size of a Large nacho dish.  This is apparently a new location as they have moved to this hidden strip shopping center from a previous location on Sunset.  It's a smallish place, but they did a nice job on a limited budget by painting the walls that ocre color synomous with Mex joints.  There are the standard decorations on the walls like sombreros and pinattas, but they lend a festive atmosphere to a space that could feel confining.  This place was evidently some kind of Asian restaurant before (maybe sushi?) as there are these odd wall lights and bright red floor tiles that seem out of place.  No matter, the food is why you would come here.  You want to satisfy a Mexican food craving, or you like the "great food in a hole-in-the-wall" discovery, or you want to expand your culinary destinations.  Watch out, because this place may very well sneak into your rotation!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,10/28/2012,170,440,2,10,10>It was our first time here on Saturday nite..Armed with the Miami Spice Menu we ventured into another steak house, but this time with a brilliant result!!Resturant is located inside the Turnberry Isle Resort which is a beautiful place filled with traditional elegant decor and a just enough touch of modern details.  Greeting hostess were very polite and professional attending to us right away.The dining area feels romantic and cozy. We were seated at a very small private table.  Our waiter was Mario - he was totally professional and well informed of the choices provided by the establishment.  His description of the plates made our mouth watery and wanting everything off the menu!!! He was prompt to promote the Miami Spice offering and even sugguesting other pairings.  He was also informative regarding the side dishes being served family style and that more than 2 for us would be way too much!  Our dinning experience stated with a generous serving of "Duck Fat Fries"!!! These were outraguous! (not sure if it was cause we were having the Miami Spice or if it is served usually).  There were 3 flavor of fries accompained by 3 just as delicous dipping sauces..! crazy delicious!Bread - It is a small potato bread served in a skillet - which already comes cut into mouth watering small bites!!! It is amazing bread, filled with flavor!Compliments of the chef - again maybe cause of the miami spice menu, we were asked if we had any type of allergies and when advised that we did not, we were so gracefully presented with a tangy, fresh Shrimp Cevechie served in a small little cup accompained by another little cup filled with backed chips! This was so delicious! Lemony thru and thru! Dinner - Hubby - went with a scruptious 10oz serving of Florida Grassfeed Filet Mignon - $52.00 with a side of Garlic Mash - $10.00.  His steak was cooked to perfection.  Served with a small roasted pepper - nicely roasted with still a nice crunch to it and a carmalized delicious buttery head of garlic roasted to perfection! Dinner - Mine - Miami Spice Menu -stared with one of the best appetizers i have had in a very long time - tender slightly al dente fresh ravioli filled with a well seasoned creamy corn mixture sitting on brown butter with a couple of chanterelle mushrooms.  These were 3 to a serving and I found myself thinking twice about sharing 1 with hubby, but I did so! Main course - Niman Ranch Pork Belly Fried Rice, Hoisin BBQ, Korean Chili Flakes - I love pork belly and this one was really good, even thou I do prefer mine a bit more crispy but I guess the sauce it had made it less crispy but it was delicious! Dessert - Wild Blueberry Shortcake,Ginger Shortbread, Local Corn Ice Cream and before you turn your eyes regarding "Corn Ice Cream" you should really give this a try!  The sweet ginger shortbread was split open.  Bottom of shortbread was layered with what seemed to be a delicious blueberry compote topped off with a generous serving of fresh whip cream, then the second shortbread piece placed on top and fresh blueberries drizzled over with a nice scoop of corn ice cream (which I could of used more of!).  This was just the right amount of sweet for a very sweet ending!!! We really enjoyed the whole experience, place was amazing, service was excellent and food delicious! It is a bit pricey (regular menu) but the quality is there and I believe worth the ride and extra cost... Its a place we will be back!btw - we were there for 2-1/2hrs - even had after dinner drinks and never were rushed out the door!!!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,10/27/2012,149,131,4,6,5>I wish The Local was located downtown because I'd be there all the time. Excellent service, creative and delicious food. Whether you're in the mood for bar bites, smaller plates, or entrees they have it all.The standout, most amazing item we tried (and one of the best dishes I've had in a long time) was something that sounded interesting but I was unsure if I'd love.  Grouper cheeks with banana, cilantro and curry. WOW! It was heaven. The flavors, even though all so different, worked perfectly. Also had the mussels (first time I've ever seen them served with pork), jar of sliced beef jerky which was MUCH better than what would normally come to mind when thinking of jerky, and the brie mozzarella sticks. My bf and I agreed that they were a slight disappointment. They were very light and airy (definitly not greesy at all) but the friedness kind of took away from the taste of the gooey cheese. Unfortunately, they were out of a handful of things we tried to order off the menu (market veggies, panzanella, Leffe, and one the of the Sierras's) which was was really not a big deal deal at all, but they more than made up for it when they offered us free desserts or a round of drinks on the house. Yippee!I'm a "fan" of The Local on facebook so I see all of the beer and food events for which they host on a regular basis. Something worth looking into to keep you up to date! Also, I'm definitly wanting to try out one of their new Sunday brunches I keep hearing so much about!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,10/26/2012,487,145,3,9,5>Amazing, simply amazing! La Cigale, has easily become one of my favorite restaurants in Miami; and that my friends, is saying a lot! I have been to this restaurant twice in the past month and I purposely held of on the review the first time in order to make sure that my taste buds were being honest. The first time, I found myself skipping in the parking lot after dinner, the second time I was so full that my stomach did not allow for any skipping..Enough fluff, let's get into the review... The restaurant is a family owned spot and I have had the pleasure of meeting both husband and wife. In fact, the husband and owner is the same person who will seat you and wait on you, so you can guarantee quality service. The food is out of this world good; the chef is from Haiti and has lots of experience with French cuisine, allowing for him and the owner to get together and create a menu and specials that make you feel like you're in France.What's good? The first time I went, it was four of us; we ordered the Tuna Tartar appetizer, which is served with Tuna, Kiwi and Avocado - Delicious! My friends ordered the Swai: White fish pan seared on Ratatouille, Rabbit Confit, and I went with the Boeuf Bourguignon on mashed potatoes.Second time around (2 nights ago), we started with the Tuna Tartar appetizer again, my friend went with the Boeuf Bourguignon on mashed potatoes after I spoke about it the entire car ride and I ordered the special of the day, the Blanquette de Veau, now let me be perfectly honest and clear, if they have this plate, order it, if you don't see it, ask for it; it will knock you off your chair!This place has not been full either time I have been, which while makes me happy as a fan not to have to wait for a table, it does bring to question, what the @%^*# is wrong with everyone who has read a review or bookmarked this place and has yet to try it out. Some of the best food to eat in Miami and as mentioned before one my newly found, favorite restaurants. CRÈME DE LA CRÈME!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,10/25/2012,109,342,7,13,8>We arrived at 6:15 to get drinks and watch the 6:30 pm Mermaid Show they do on Fridays. The bar was already packed and all the tables were taken. I will get there much earlier next time. There were a lot of families with kids in the bar. I guess they were hotel guests and the front desk recommended the show. Some of the kids even had pajamas on LOL. After the show, the place clears out. As for the show, we thought it was great. Get up near the front, sip on a Kona Longboard Lager (beers on tap are around $5-7 apiece) and enjoy a bit of old school Florida. Apparently they have been doing the mermaid show at this site since the 1950s! That's a long time for round these parts. The show is pretty cool, the mermaids swim up to the windows behind the bar and wave, blow kisses, do underwater acrobatic-type stuff and it's fun to watch. If you are up by the bar, you can get some good photos. I wonder if the intro to the new series "Magic City" is somewhat inspired by this place? Afterwards you can take the stairs up to the pool area and take pictures with the mermaids - don't forget to tip them a couple of bucks. As others mentioned, along with the Mai Kai, it's one of the few spots still around in Fort Lauderdale that has that throwback kitchy vibe - like an old Elvis movie. I plan to head back there again sometime...
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,12/25/2012,133,114,7,6,6>"No les digo más 'Azúcar', pa' que no les dé diabetes!" -Celia CruzPlease, girl, say it. Over and over.One of the joys of Miami is that ice cream (and wearing chancletas for that matter) is in fashion twelve months of the year. Ice Cream is a classic which means it is loved by many, but also easy to screw up. We live in an age where hipper is better when it comes to food classics. Burgers are no longer just burgers. They have pig ears and ostrich brains on them. The ice cream road is no longer just "rocky", but paved in fois gras  gooseberry brie chunks foam.(3 ways).Azucar has REALLY gotten this right. The flavors range from traditional (vanilla, pistachio, nutella) to the innovative (rose petal, sweet corn, balsamic strawberry). It feels like an ice cream shop, not like a visit to a museum run by people who think they are smarter than I am. I adore the service and the presentation.It would be wrong to visit Azucar and not, at the very least, try the Abuela Maria. The Maria cookies and guava turn your mouth into a posterchild for the city. On a recent visit, I had the Café con Leche which tastes exactly like it sounds and the Balsamic Strawberry which, too, tastes like it sounds but without the acidity you may expect. I can't wait to have the Coca-Cola flavor. They haven't had it during any of my visits. I'm also anticipating the avocado and chocolate-cherry.Throw in some handmade waffle cones, some clever t-shirts (on sale for twenty bucks a pop, and worth it) and some imported Cuban tiles on the floor and you've got an ice cream experience which will melt more than your cone.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,12/24/2012,122,153,1,5,4>How does a nice local restaurant located on the busy Alton Road go somewhat unnoticed? Tim, the host, met us at the door. He asked where we wanted to sit in the empty trattoria. He insisted the two of us sit at a table for 4. A bottle of white to start the meal and water poured from a repurposed Gavi wine bottle, just like they'd do in Roma or my house. We had a choice of the Miami Spice  (ilovemiamispice.com) or standard menu. We started with the Polpette di Granchio (stone crab cakes stuffed with mozzeralla (in NJ it's pronounced, mutz), mesculin salad, and cayenne citrus sauce). Probably the best crab cakes I've ever had. Get them, you'll thank me.Lisa had the Lasagna, a traditional bolognese lasagna with bechamel and mutz This is how my family had made it since before I had teeth. It wasn't al dente, but rather it soft, almost like gnocchi mashed to make the pasta. It was delicious! When I order it next time, I'm asking them not to add what seemed like marinara sauce on top. I'm used to a drier lasagna and look forward to it being as much like the lasagna I've always grown up eating.I had the Salmone alla Griglia, a grilled Norwegian salmon filet, lobster cream sauce, and veggies (broc and carrots), accompanied with scalloped potatoes. It was very good. Great fish plate to request.By this time (approximately 9:00 PM), the bar was full and the restaurant was filling up. There was a hum of chatter and clanking of utensils, plates and glasses.For dessert we shared a lemon cheesecake. It's not NY cheesecake, so it's soft, not firm and thick. It doesn't stick to the roof of your mouth, but it it flavorful.Lastly, I ordered  a macchiatto, but they ran out of milk. Antonio informed me that Tim went out and got milk at Whole Foods around the corner. Within a few minutes, I was enjoying a my espresso mixed with milk - not to be confused with a cappuccino, which you only have at breakfast.The bill was reasonable. The service was attentive, friendly, and prompt. Cara Mia has a daily lunch prix-fixe for $10. The food is very good! In brief, "Si mangia bene, si paga poco."Take your appetite, a few friends, a date, or your car mechanic to Cara Mia for an authentic Italian meal, no pizza and more than pasta.Cara Mia is MAMMA MIA!TIP: Parking is available at the meters out front, or at the lot around the corner across from Whole Foods (10th Street between Alton and West). Outdoor dining patio will starts in Fall 2012.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/23/2012,326,97,12,13,9>So, I live in Kendall.  This place is in North Miami Beach.That drive is Crazy Town.  Really. I mean, it has to be some treasure trove of leprechaun coins and unicorn turds (rumor has it they taste like cotton candy mochi) for me to wheel myself that far.  So when a friend recommended I check out the massages there, I kinda balked.   "Um. Excuse me. Lapis and the Viceroy are half the distance. Have you lost your mind?!" - was pretty much what went through my head.  I mean, it's in a Doubletree.  No offense.  I like Doubletree as much as the next sort-of-budget-y traveler, but for a full-blown spa experience?  Not. So. Much.But alas - four stars.  So what gives, right?Here's the crux of it: you're not, and I truly mean NOT, going to find a better hotel masseuse in South Florida than Dmitri or Raphael at Sea Salt.You should know that I'm a bit of a massage/spa whore.  The Biltmore, Fontainebleau, Delano, Viceroy, Doral and several Ritz properties...I love 'em all.  The amenities are blow-you-away amazing.And I'm not gonna lie to you, this place is a bit on the no-frills side.  It's clean and comfortable, without a doubt.  But you're not going to find cascading waterfall plunge pools made from the tears of Himalayan babies, or whatever.But insofar as masseuse talent?  I'd stack any of 'em up against Raphael or Dmitri and bet my bottom peso that they'd lose.  BIG TIME.Here's what you do - get the cabana massage.  Book your own little private space of heaven right next to the beach.  Listen to the waves, unrobe and let Raphael or Dmitri do their thing.  And trust me, it's a HELL of a thing.  They even get into the all-important (and often neglected) butt muscles.  I know not everyone is cool with some booty rubbing, so just tell 'em before the action goes down that anything south of the border is off limits.  I, on the other hand, sit on my arse all day so a well delivered gluteus maximus rubdown is more than welcome.Raphael had moves that I have *never* felt or seen in any massage I've had at a hotel property.  Note: I'm not counting sports-style massage therapy because that shit is no joke and hurts like a mother. Those are moves best left for some UFC octagon action. The cabana massage, paired with a bottle of prosecco and some truffled chocolates (yeah, they're included in the package), makes for a one way ticket to Blissville.Log this one under "hidden Miami gems."  Well...until now.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,12/22/2012,423,372,6,8,8>Wow! SO glad to find out that Eating House will now be a permanent restaurant! I finally made it over there last night and was really impressed by the service and oh my gawd! the food!!We had the brussel sprouts with a cracked egg on top to start - well I wanted to chow down the entire bowl, but no, no - more food to come. Some mild restraint here. The charred corn was next on the table. It  may actually be the best corn dish that I have ever had in my life. And I am a lover of all things corn. I almost did even not want the other dishes to come out. I could have just sat there and slowly savored this dish and walked out a happy girl. All restraint goes out the window.The other dishes did arrive and I was equally impressed with both of them. Chicken thighs, bacon, waffles - with ranch and maple syrup? Sounds crazy I know, but it works in a magical balance of sounds-wrong-but-it's-oh-so-right-ness. The pasta carbonara up next and was the best combination of richness, without going over the top. My only complaint was with myself:  I ate too much of the aforementioned brussel sprouts and my new part-time lover, the charred corn. Ohhh...  was that me that ate a piece of  fried chicken and waffles, um yeah. I was able to get a few bites in of this perfectly savory past with all the egg-goodness all over it. But like I said, it was totally my own fault for filling up. Luckily for me the pasta was saved for leftovers (It as actually pretty darn good as leftovers!). The service was also outstanding. I really enjoyed getting the back story of the Chef & the guys who made a special place like Eating House happen. The beer selection greatly appreciated. Though I was told the plates were appetizer sized, you'll be happy to hear that they are actually generously portioned. This is good news, because everyone will want to gobble everything up that comes to the table. It was a lil' bit crazy for two peeps, but so worth every dime.  I cannot wait to go back for brunch, which may happen as soon as this weekend.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,12/21/2012,697,2029,4,15,11>First off, you have to know that Plaza Bistro is different; like really different. It's all outdoors! There is no indoor anything with the exception of the kitchen area which I found to be manned by two really great aspiring chefs: culinary students from our well acclaimed Fort Lauderdale Culinary Institute. Hence, assuring me the latest, most up to date as well as most innovative of cuisine, perfectly prepared and impeccably presented. You have your choice. You can be seated at a table under some of the best (word is that they cost about $5,000 each!) outdoor umbrellas I've ever seen or on their romantic, rather trendy, totally "in" snow white lounging seats which, being a boater I immediately recognized as being custom made of seating materials until then I've only found upon the finest of the Venice of America (yes, that's Lauderdale) yachts. Surrounded by flaming torches, candles (rechargeable electric for safety), lush palms and other vegetation, Plaza Bistro is a setting that is not only romantic and trendy, but also exudes a quality of classy understated tropical elegance. Should you decide to dine here you'll also find the menu to be far more expansive and complete than you would expect at an outdoor patio setting with some really great appetizers (Prince Edward Island Mussels, shrimp skewer and a great served in paper cone calamari just to name a few), salads (even a Caprese as well as a balsamic Caesar), sandwiches, burgers and pastas plus a host of real brick oven style pizzas.  Plaza Bistro is a restaurant but more than just a restaurant, it's a part of a unique concept not only to itself but to what is becoming the North Beach Village, being a neighborhood village of newly renovated hotels as well as new resort locations such as the nearby Royal Palms, a totally new, lavishly beautiful, two pool two story resort catering to the gay community. However, the North Beach Village and more particularly Plaza Bistro is all inclusive, a place for everyone and everybody, including your kids, your dates, business associates or whatever to enjoy.The plans for North Beach Village are big, real big, not only in its undertaking but in its concept. Truthfully I've never witnessed anything like it before and I marvel not only at what they have accomplished but at their entre undertaking which, though far from completion, is already showing itself with several of its key elements completed, ready for customers to enjoy.  For price comparative, food, service and unexpected uniqueness,  it's about as good as it gets.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,12/20/2012,328,239,8,15,12>While walking around Coconut Grove, I ran into a new sign reading The Olfactory Co. I kept going but from the outside I saw a large candy display and had to turn around. When I opened the doors, an Old West Americana version of L'Occitane welcomed me. I was surprised and almost walked out. I thought I had seen candy and now I was faced with soaps and shaving products. In true "The Hangover" style, what the f++k is going on.What is going on is that I stepped into the most beautiful modern outpost for the luxuriously deprived explorer. The lights are low inside this cabin, and there are lots of rustic and Victorian style furniture mixed in with antique golden mirrors and Americana. But don't let the antique style store fool you. If you think this outpost will supplement your survival into the New Frontier, you are kind of right. The Olfactory Co. is here to pamper you with lots of French and Italian soaps, all very reasonably priced, and lots of other beauty products. What stood out was a display of shaving products that contain Shea butter, which is always a plus for your sensitive skin types.But what about the candy I saw? I looked around only to find a whole wall of glass containers filled with loose tea. Looking further, I also saw lots of boxes of premium British tea, the best kind there is. I kept looking around until I found what I came looking for. Lots of candy, lots of Whirly Pop suckers, lots of delicious school time candy and, even though these treats are not hard to find, it is still exciting to score some. Apparently, this store is divided in two imaginary areas, one for adults and one for kids. The candy section is walled with Czech toys, all for sale and beautifully crafted. The more time I spent at The Olfactory Co., the more I felt I was in Disney World. For sure I have never seen anything like this, even in the West (wink wink).I think The Olfactory Co. is a time bubble filled with a plethora of fine products. Depending on which way you look at, it is a skin product boutique, a tea house, a toy seller or a convenience store. Whichever side you come to shop from, you would be flabbergasted by the amount of items and the variety available. Heck, I saw cinnamon broomsticks and more trinkets under the register. This place is amazing, perfect to come and get someone a nice gift. After all, who doesn't like a  nice gift?
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,12/19/2012,298,503,9,11,13>Had a wonderful experience sailing!Captain Luis and Mabel were wonderful hosts. It is not a huge sail boat but it was perfect for my friends and I. We brought along some food and wine to have for the afternoon.We met at the Dinner Key Marina and promptly got escorted to the boat. It is very laid back and rustic. We all snugly fit in the covered area along with the captain and his wife. There was more room up front to hang out but we all chose to stay together to talk, etc. We started using the motor and once we were a little further out we switched to full sail. It was a perfect day for sailing and it was "smooth sailing" indeed!I was a little apprehensive about being tipped too much while sailing but the truth is that it was awesome and I felt completely safe! There was some spraying on the way back but not to worry, they had raincoats for us all to keep dry. By the time our three hour sail ended I was extremely relaxed and in a sail coma. That was absolutely wonderful. I cannot wait to do this again.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,12/18/2012,433,329,17,14,13>Found this place on yelp, I was skeptical about the  good reviews thinking them to have been written by false prophets/prophetesses whom knew not true  Authentic Southern BBQ. But I saw that one of the reviewers was  an Aboriginal Southerner who had experienced Authentic Southern BBQ, so I decided to give this place a try.  In my Culinary Bible, there are three Heavenly Divine  Signs in recognizing  authentic southern BBQ. I will enumerate the three  below:1) If you do not see smoke and smell the smoke flavor coming from said establishment, do not even waste your time.2) Americans born and bred from the deep South are the only authorities on Southern BBQ. So if a Yankee Doodle Dandy is making the BBQ, you are wasting your time.3) If you do not see a sprinkling of obese people buying and/or working at said BBQ establishment, do not waste your time. I am happy to say that Bow legs passed the Three Heavenly Divine Signs test with flying colors.  I thought finally I can taste authentic southern BBQ that I have seen so many times on The Travel Channel. With great  excitement and expectation  I then ordered BBQ chicken with a small macaroni and cheese. While I was waiting for my order  I questioned the workers about the business. I found out this is a family run business and the BBQ style they use originates from South Carolina. I was also informed that the many unlabeled colored  bottles that I saw on the table were  Jerk sauces, BBQ sauces and some other condiment sauces I cannot remember, all made in house.When my order was ready I could smell the smoked flavor emanating  from the container as the young rather attractive lady brought it towards me. She asked me which of the sauces I would like her to put on my BBQ chicken. I had other  carnal fleshy thoughts in mind in regards of  her and not my order, but I asked her to make the choice for me. So she then chose some mustard like sauce with their traditional BBQ sauce and inundated my chicken with them. When I reached home and my salivating mouth got the first mouth full, I then felt a deep sense of satisfaction. Words cannot really explain it, but I loved it, it was delicious. I felt relieved that I had finally graced the presence of true Southern BBQ. The last time I felt  this electrified and satisfied  was in 1994. I was watching the Chicago Bulls play the New York Knicks in the Eastern conference semi-finals. In this game Scottie Pippen did this unbelievable embarrassing two foot jump tomahawk dunk on Patrick Ewing that I will never forget.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,12/17/2012,211,141,8,11,9>Adam, the owner of The Filling Station in #DWNTWN, opened a fun spot next door called Reggae Tacos.  It is in the space formerly occupied by Origins, and before that Habibi's Mediterranean Grill.  It is at the SE 2nd Street end of the restaurants and walkway space called The Village, and has tables indoors, in the alley/walkway and on the sidewalk.The menu consists of Jamaican-influenced meats, fish and chicken stewed or grilled and stuffed into tortillas with choices of various sauces, and a couple of salads and some sides and seriously yummy desserts.  (a photo of the menu is posted here)  You order at a counter in the breezeway, and a server calls out your name and brings it to you when ready.  A wonderfully helpful young lady was working when I ate.I had the fried corn puffs with jerky mayo as an app.  It was quite good, with corn niblets stuffed in to little nuggets of cornbread batter.  It was perfect with the Jerky Mayo.For a main course I had a Pork Taco and a Goat Taco.  My favorite was the goat taco witht the Curry Mayo sauce.  It you are shy about the goat, don't be.  It just tastes like an earthy pork, but less fatty.  I put two side sauces on the pork taco - I think I like the BBQ Jerk Sauce on the pork best.I got some more Corn Puffs to go, along with some Festival Fried Doughnuts.  The Corn Puffs were Hoovered up in the office, and everybody loved the "Doughnuts."  They were really large balls of fried doughnut dough, soaked in vanilla-infused honey, and sprinkled with powdered sugar.  Seriously addictive, and a hit in the office, too.Did I mention that they have Red Stripe and Bob Marley beverages?  Recommended for a casual, fun meal.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,12/16/2012,83,82,1,6,5>After getting a recommendation from a friend, my husband and I had a great lunch at The Burger Freak.  The circus theme is fun and they have so many topping combinations to choose from.  I really liked that I was able to choose the type of burger I wanted and they type of bun - or no bun, if you prefer.  I had a turkey burger on a Honey Oat Wheat Kaiser bun and chose the Spider Lady combination of toppings.  My husband had a beef burger on the same type of bun with the Human Cannonball combo and we both had fries.  Now, I have to take a minute and say that the bun was one of the best I have ever had at a burger joint.  It was soft, but not mushy and absorbed the flavors of the various toppings.  I usually try not to eat the bun when I have a burger, but I couldn't stop eating it!Both of us were satisfied with the meal and I think it is far and away better than 5 Guys.  My husband was excited to have a new go-to lunch place since it's so close to his office.  I will say that there are literally 4 tables inside and I didn't see anywhere on the website where it said there was limited seating.  I know I would have been upset if we had nowhere to sit and time was ticking away.  Also, the girl at the front counter didn't seem too enthused to be there, but it didn't really take away from our experience.  And it's really well hidden inside of the 7-11 plaza, but luckily I found that bit of info on their site.  Give this place a try!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,6/25/2011,153,1226,12,11,12>pub one is scary looking. the characters that roam around the vicinity look very suspicious. some of them are quiet, some of them are more talkative but all harmless. i ended up at pub one with a bunch of yelpers after the event at lime. im glad i decided to join for that. pub one was good to us. there was a jukebox pumping the good shit. tv's were all tuned into the nba playoffs. service was typical of a dive bar. same as the prices. that means, not the fastest service but very good prices.i kinda lost count. i got about 3 or 4 glasses of scotch, a jack & ginger ale and 3 or 4 beers. i think my bill was 50 bucks or something close to that. thats fucking awesome, isnt it? so will i be back? for sure, this is the kind of neighborhood bar you wanna go with your buddies to talk about the end of the world or to discuss other apocalyptic scenarios that might occur soon.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,6/24/2011,1489,1675,20,33,25>Nothing is better than supporting a local new business, that has impressed me so much I could not wait to write this review. Located in the heart and soul of Calle Ocho, this new restaurant is sexy, sultry, and so romantic. "Catharsis", means "Release of Emotion. A place you can come to enjoy great food, ambiance, and service. I guarantee you will not want to leave, once inside. The decor is soft beige walls with arch ways, comfy leather high booths, and tables, fine linen, orange and tan colors throughout, very soft dim lights with a bar off to the side and a small stage located in the back. They are open for lunch from 11:30-2:30, then reopen for dinner at 6:00pm. Lunch consist of soups, salads, sandwiches, chicken dishes, steak, corvina etc....nothing is priced over $13.95 with most lunch dishes under $10. My family came here two weeks ago for dinner and from the moment we walked in I fell in love with this beautiful place. The food is Latin Fusion with some great selections to choose from. We started with our server bringing water and a great bottle of wine that the owner Hernan suggested. " Podere Brizio Brunello di Montlacino", it was the right choice with our entrees. Gorgeous wine stems as well. Appetizer: Ceviche Fresco $10.95, this was the best ceviche I ever had, so fresh with such fabulous flavoring of lime and parsley with shrimp and corvina. It was heavenly. The sauce was so good I kept dipping my warm fresh bread into it. The bread is delightful. Entrees: Corvina a la parilla con brotes, pure' de zanahoria y emulsion de cebollin $23.95, Grilled corvina with micro greens, carrots mashed and scallion emulsion. Churrasco Angus a la parrilla con cebollas carmelizadas y papas fritas crocantes $18.95, Grilled Angus Skirt Steak served with carmelized onions and crispy fries, I did subsititute fries for mashed potatoes which they were more than happy to do. My daughter wanted pasta which is made fresh but she did not like a certain creamy sauce, no problem the owner said they can do it with olive oil, diced tomatoes, fresh garlic and parsley. $13.95 Service here is impeccable, they do not skip a beat. Professional, well groomed and knowledgeable and ever so friendly. We never went without water or wine refilled, bread basket filled and checking on us for anything we may have needed. Wow, every single dish was fresh, great flavors, good size portions, you felt the passion and joy of cooking in every dish. Exciting flavors in every dish.As we were dining a man by the name of Fernando Osorio, who has won two Latin grammy's, songwriter and singer went to the stage and started playing and singing. Not that I understand much Spanish, but he was such a delight to listen to. His voice is beautiful, soft and enduring. He plays every Friday evening. He was so nice to listen to. On Saturday they have a jazz singer named Carmen Lydia. Excellent food, awesome service, free entertainment in such a beautiful setting. They make you feel so comfortable and relaxed. Prices are reasonable. We shared a strawberry creme cake of some kind, oh my was it amazing. The owner also sent out on the house some Limoncello, what a nice ending to a perfect evening. Full bar, live music, a true gem of a casual upscale local restaurant that feeds the heart and soul. And oh so romantic, great place for a nice date night. I can not wait to go back again and again. Go now, you will love it! They got it right on all levels. OK anyone who knows me, realizes how much I love Pitbull, the song "I know you want me"  was my experience this evening.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,6/23/2011,144,73,6,9,7>What? You've never been to Treats? Well then, you're in for a treat! /snickerI've been here quite a few times and I can't say I've ever been disappointed. This is one of those places that little old biddies come to for lunch at 11 am. The only thing is, they don't serve little old biddie portions. I had the French Dip sandwich with sauteed onions and bell peppers with mushrooms and shoe string fries on the side. Oh man, that sammich just melted in my mouth with that wonderful provolone cheese and the Au Jus sauce. What a wonderfully coalesced pieces of food, all in one sandwich. It was the best French Dip I've had in such a long time. You know that face you give when you have something most pleasing in your mouth? Closed eyes, eyebrows in a relaxed yet satisfied position and a mouth full of amazing food. Yep, that's the face you give after you've had a food-gasm. The sandwich was enormous too. ;)They also have an amazing french onion soup. They have a rather large menu and it's on the cheap too. I paid around 8 bucks with a fountain coke. The lady who assisted me was as sweet as apple pie too. What a darling! I sat outside on the side walk and with in a minute she gave me a menu and took my drink order. This is probably why I love Miami Springs. Everything here has an "old fashion service" feel to it. Very friendly, kind and inviting. I'm really surprised no one has reviewed this place yet. By the way, they don't accept plastic, but they have an ATM with a small fee inside the cafe.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,6/22/2011,79,29,6,15,7>I was tired of going to the same hairdresser, asking for different types of cuts, and getting the same exact cut everytime. Leaving $50 short and dissapointed for the last time, I decided it was time to go to a new salon where they could give me a fresh, sexy cut while still listening to what I wanted. After weeks of telling myself it was time for a cut, I finally checked on the savior of all problems, YELP!! Roberto Giordano came out in the top 5. It's close to where I work by so I called in and they scheduled me an appointment for that same day. You know you've arrived when you walk in to the huge sign and electro music blasting. You take the elevator to your right (that is full of mirrors, which is perfect for all the vain people like moiiii who like to stare at themselves after hair cuts). You end up in this lofty open space that is over looking brickell. I let them know I was there for my appointment. My new hairdresser Damian, IMMEDIATELY came out. No waiting, yayyy! He asked me what I wanted done and got to washing my hair with two different types of shampoos.I wanted side bangs, layers, but most importantly to keep my long hair length. Well... check, Check, and CHECK!!! He parted my hair in pieces and made sure the right side was always the same length as the left side. Precision, love it. He also blow dryed it and did these curls at the bottom. It was so perfect. I left feeling like a hair model.The price was a little expensive. $95 in total. But considering hair cuts occur every 3 to 6 months and I left so happy, I considered it well worth it. I can guarantee I'll keep coming back
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,6/21/2011,102,177,7,9,6>Names can be deceiving because this Peruvian cafe was so much more than I expected. I was invited out to lunch with a colleague and she suggested Ceviche Cafe. Something about the name just turned me off. But, you know, when you're invited, it's nice to just go along for the ride. I'm so happy I did because Ceviche Cafe is an awesome gem tucked into an easily-overlooked shopping plaza on 135th.Between us we had the Seafood Stew and the Grilled Fish. To start, they bring out plantain chips with that crispy corn that I don't know the name of. Alongside it, there are two dipping sauces. The green one is milder than the red, but both are amazing. The main courses were excellent. Freshly prepared and well seasoned. The Grilled Fish came with two sides, and I chose black beans and the salad. They have about eight sides to choose from. The service was also on point. They were friendly and attentive without hovering. I had such a great experience that I went back two days later to pick up dinner so my SO could try out the food. I found out that they deliver!So glad that I got a chance to try out Ceviche Cafe because I don't know that I would have ever stopped in on my own.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,6/20/2011,22,189,5,12,9>I don't usually say "I'll have what they're having," but this time, it seemed like a bad decision not to. The moment I saw an overflowing cheesy french onion soup in a beautiful personal-sized copper pot i knew it was meant to be.This cute little hole [in a corner] in a wall is surprisingly authentic. Their eggs Benedict are pretty good, although the menu said they were served on croissants and instead they were served on english muffins, needless to say, I was a bit disappointed, but the flavor of my dish made up for it. Weekend brunch is also served with a complimentary mimosa. This place is incredibly affordable, 90% of the menu is under 10 bucks!Some downsides I found were the bathrooms, yeah, they are huge, but you have to go though a storage corner and they are wasting lots of space with them; they could have used a better architect. Also, those visually polluting fridges that hold the cheese and cold cuts. Its pretty sad how ugly they are and they are open, so they pretty much waste tons of energy, but the selection in them is fantastic. They have organic teas and worldly products, even berry sparkling lemonade, which was sooo good!Even though it looks like it belongs in the Gables, I'm glad they finally opened a place like this in Doral. Can't wait to come back here.consulfrance-miami.org/s…
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,6/19/2011,124,104,6,10,7>I just can't imagine how everyone wouldn't love it here!I also can't imagine why I didn't come here sooner, as Greek/Turkish cuisine is one of my favorites, its close to my house, and I have known about it since it's opening.The setting is rustic and charming, everything looks and smells beautifully and the tables have thoughtful touches....painted lanterns, glass bottles of water, decorative ashtrays, Grecian salt and olive oil and little brown paper bags of bread.Food was stellar as well.  We tried the Octopus, Saganaki, Kefte, and Köpoglu (eggplant, zucchini, pepper and potatoes in tomato and yogurt sauce).  I could rave on and on, but simply, it was all well-prepared, fresh, and full of bold flavors!  We finished our meal with a Turkish cracker and dark chocolate torte and Turkish coffees, a great end to an awesome meal.   We chatted up the owner, who was very friendly and hospitable and service was quick and on point. I am dying to go back and try more!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,6/17/2011,415,166,14,15,15>I figured, my 100th review, should go to a place that, if possible, I would go 100 times, in one week, every week, for the rest of my life.You can walk in here in your prettiest BCBG slip dress or your hole-iest blue jeans and fit right in with the dim lights, bangin jukebox, and $2.00 jello shots.An escape from the pretentious hype of Washington Ave, from anything you'd expect to find in the bass bumping,stilleto'd, glittery,  mini dressed cornucupia of South Beach.You sing here, you dance here, you shoot pool, you shoot shit, you laugh here, you fall in love here, you leave drunk and happy and seeing stars in everyone's eyes.The moment that makes my Lost Weekend experience complete is after 4 or so beers quenched my thirst, and my stomach begins rumbling for the Shrimp Po'boy from their backend cookspot- The Alibi.  Maria A. turned me on to this sandwich back in December, and little did she know the gift she was giving me wrapped in white butcher paper, with little crisp shrimp tail teasing it's way out of one end of the bread.On that day, I  professed forever  never -ending love to Maria A. for such a glorious gift.This sandwich has been known to leave me in a eyes closed, elbows on the table trance, with whatever rogue pieces of warm spicy shrimps that are tumbling down being quickly captured by whomever is seated at either side of me.The people- always changing, always eclectic. It really goes without saying that I grew to love my Yelp friends, that bought me closer to those whom I share my daily thoughts ( and tweets!) with, here at Lost Weekend.This is one of my favorite places, of ALL TIME. You know I love you if I've taken you here, and let you pick shrimp off my sandwich.p.s. Drew Barrymore sideswiped me once with her elbow here. True Story.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,6/15/2011,314,746,31,33,25>So, a friend of mine invites me to go with him here.... he had to talk me into it because I equated this to "bath houses" that aren't really bath houses... he reassured me it was not that kind of place, and I apprehensively agreed to go. So glad I did!So the place is downstairs (which did not alleviate my fears) Anyhow they will lock up your goodies, then give you the key & it corresponds to a lock in the locker room to lock up your clothes. They give you 2 towels, put one in your locker for after & bring one with. So after I throw on my suit, I go out to meet my guy on the other side ready for some serious sauna action.Rooms:-Russian room -- hotter than hades, where we started and ended our circuit-Polar room -- took a break between rooms in here, its nice to go hot/cold/hot/cold- the 3 room section: one I can't remember the name, the Aromatherapy room (my fave, its a steamy one), and the cedar room-infrared room-hydrotherapy room --- AWESOMELY fun -- you literally unleash a fire hose on each other... most fun deep tissue massage ever(I think that's it, I might have missed one)Tips:-bring LOTS of water, you will sweat out every toxin in your body it would be a tragedy to dehydrate-dump the freezing water on your head it feels really good-bring LOTS of water-be careful walking between rooms, it's a little slick in your flip flops-bring LOTS of water-you can buy additional services (get beat by a Russian man with sticks etc)-bring LOTS of water-don't wear make-up, you will be a hot sweaty mess & drenching yourself with COLD water-bring LOTS of waterJust go and detoxify yourself, you'll like it!!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,6/14/2011,196,289,9,7,7>Organizing a girls night dinner can be like herding cats. After several venues were tossed around, Andiamo was the only one that received a unanimous YES! Perfect place to be casual and enjoy tasty thin crust pizza with friends. There is plenty of outdoor seating to enjoy a beautiful night in February but there are also plenty of heat lamps standing by should it get chilly. I can't describe how this thin crust pizza is different than other places. What I can say is that we ordered three different pizzas and all of them were fully loaded with quality cheese and veggies and supported well by the thin crust. My favorite is the BBQ chicken. The wine list is dismal but the special Andiamo Chianti Classico (DOCG) is palatable and goes well with the pizza. At $32/bottle it's probably a little overpriced but it didn't stop us from ordering two more bottles (all wine is good after the first bottle, right?). Just don't expect wine glasses. This wine is served "Italian style" in small juice glasses. Parking can be tricky in the area. Located across from News Lounge you can park in that pay lot for $3 or score a meter spot. Just hope the meter accepts your card. Definitely the kind of place where you can come as you are (three of us were in workout clothes) and enjoy the company of friends along with yummy pizza.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,8/20/2013,944,946,12,18,14>Pubbelly Sushi reigns supreme as my current top restaurant in Miami (to wit, my Top 10 list), so I figured a review update was in order.I can't say enough great things about this place.  Every dish is a winner, and every person I've brought to Pubbelly Sushi to try out my faves has left clamoring for more.  Whether you're looking for a quick, delicious, and moderately priced meal out, or are in the market to celebrate a special occasion, Pubbelly Sushi has got you covered.My personal favorites are the snow crab roll (with a warm butter and soy dipping sauce, I could live and die by this roll), the big eye tuna roll on crunchy rice, the yellowtail roll (wrapped in soy paper, with crab inside), and the hamachi ceviche with tostones.  I've tried a lot of the other options, including many of the New England-style rolls, which are unique and delicious in their own right.  But I keep returning for my faves.Pubbelly Sushi is open for lunch 6 days a week (normal lunch hours during the week, starting at 2pm on Saturdays), and of course for dinner.  And with the opening of the new Sunset Harbour garage, parking is a breeze (and relatively inexpensive!).  If you haven't made it out to Pubbelly Sushi yet, or if its been a while since your last visit - it's high time to rectify that situation.  Go there immediately.  You won't be sorry.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,8/19/2013,27,56,9,12,7>I want to write a bad review about this place so nobody else will go there.  I want this place all to myself.  But, that would be wrong.  I'm an honest person, and I have to say that this is THE BEST place for sushi in Miami and Miami Beach.  IF you like sushi because of the fancy decor, fruity drinks, and attitude that comes along with it (at most sushi restaurants) go somewhere else.  This is a place for people who actually like sushi and know good food.As for atmosphere...it's in a Japanese Market.  Enough said.  For the people that gave this place bad reviews, here are some tips:1) Make a reservation.  This will guarantee you a seat.  And, for the love of all things food related, please don't bring your entire posse.  Keep your party to 4 people max.  This place is tiny and larger parties will not be able to sit together.2) Order however many pieces of what the chef recommends.  For example, "I'll have an 8 piece nigiri sampler of whatever Misho wants to serve me."  Don't go all cheap-o and order the combos.  You can get the combos, they are well priced, and tasty but you won't experience the best of what they have to offer.3) Store hours are Wednesday through Saturday 11:00am - 6:30pm.  I forgot the hours for Sunday.Go, have a great time, tip well, and get ready for the best sushi in town.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,8/18/2013,929,30,12,18,11>Are you in the mood for something healthy, quick, and affordable? Look no further. Engy offers a wide range of healthy food choices including: Freshly made smoothies, natural juices, sandwiches, salads, soups, spinach pies and empanadas.. Oh, and crack..I mean coffee. They also have daily specials including: Lasagna, Veggie Melts and a variety of different soups. I must say, the veggie melt is D E L I C I O U S! One little sandwich loaded with flavor... Grilled veggies perfectly seasoned, with sun dried tomato spread placed in between a warm baked pita.. OMG! I am totally craving this right about now. One of my favorite soups is hands down, their mushroom soup.  So flippin' good! Be on the look out for those two specials!! I'm serious, do it! What I love about Engy is the fact that NOTHING is fried. Yup, nothing.. nada! Not even their falafel, which happens to be pretty tasty and not to mention, baked not fried. Another thing I absolutely love about Engy is the fact that I can add half a soup to any spinach pie for only one dollar. I usually order the spinach pie with tomato and cheese, which is only $4.35 and add a soup for a dollar; boom had a meal for about $5 bucks. Who said eating healthy was expensive? That's cheaper than McDonalds! They also offer different combinations, which are extremely affordable:1.  1/2 Soup and  1/2 Sandwich $6.502.  1/2 soup and Sandwich $9.003. Small Natural Juice and  1/2 Soup and  1/2 Sandwich $9.50 4. Small Natural Juice and  1/2 Soup and Sandwich $12.00Engy, is the perfect spot to go to during your lunch break. Regardless of how long your lunch break is, you can either: dine-in, take-out or call for delivery. Trust me, check it out! Store hours:Monday-Friday: 8am - 4pmSaturday: 9:30am - 3:30pmSunday: Closed
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/17/2013,415,166,10,11,10>Music moves me. It has a power over my memory that instantly connects to moments in time that I never forget. Shawn P. understands how important music is to a workout...how the right song can take you from " I don't know why I'm doing this" to " I'm going to do a triathlon!" Case in point: Macklemore's "Can't Hold Us". Catchy song, don't need to own it,but I also don't change the station when it comes on the radio. Cut to Shawn's Saturday morning class, and as the class begins, Shawn turns the iPod up and the piano intro  to "Can't Hold Us" begins....pedal, pedal, pedal to the beat, and when I catch the rhythm the song intro does a  key change and the background vocals chime in .." heeeeeeeeaay, heeeeaaay, heeeaaaayaaaay" and I'm suddenly in a trance, me against the music, against the sweat, against myself. Shawn weaves into my consciousness reminding us to not lose ourselves too much.."left,right,left,right,left,right,left,­right" to the beat...and before I know it we're climbing to the chorus....legs moving faster than I thought they could, thighs like jelly,but darnit I cannot slow down cause this song has me pumped and Shawn is testing us...he knows we can do more and is relentless in his pursuit of our best efforts. And that's how the class goes...song by song you go on this journey of " will I or won't I"...and if you trust Shawn...and more importantly, trust yourself..you will!Now everytime I hear Macklemore's "Can't Hold Us" I can't help but think "leftrightleftrightleftrightleftright". I think it's time to go back for a spin!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,8/16/2013,10,82,6,6,6>These are the best tacos I've had in Miami--and best of all, they're super cheap. And simple. Though the roadside stand kind of evokes the third world, I'm finding increasingly that that's a good thing down here (Palacio de los Jugos, anyone?!).These are no-frills tacos: just a simple, warm corn tortilla (AMAZING!) with a meat of your choosing. They have the basic chicken and beef, but then there's a whole slew of pork options, too: leg, ear, tongue, skin, mixed, etc. They're all pretty great, but unless you have a particular hankering for strange body parts, the best pork is the simple leg.*I got a little adventurous and ordered the skin and mixd-pork tacos, as well. The skin came out looking a bit like fried onions. It tasted like tasty pork fat, though, of course--but it did have a bit of a chewy/mushy texture, which may not be everyone's bag. The mixed-pork, too, had a strange, almost cartilage-like texture . . . but it, too, was super tasty. Remember: you're eating an animal, so that's to be expected, right?!The tacos come with nothing on them, but you can add your own lime, cilantro, and salsa/hot sauces from a sauce bar they bring right to your table. It's all based on an authentic Mexican experience, so don't expect anything more than basic goodness!9 tacos + a delicious Christmasy horchata came to $17. Tell me where you can find a better deal for better food. ANSWER: You can't!*Ask for the pork leg and cracklin' taco, which I don't think is on the menu!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,8/15/2013,50,443,3,5,3>As soon as you meet Dr.Fink you can tell that "THIS IS GOING TO BE MY GUY" for everything that you will need in this particular field of medicine. Now being a man, I don't benefit from his services other than being on the listening end of the education/information that he provides to his patients on their visits. Let me tell you this much, with just being apart of that alone I could tell that other DR's in the area better be sending in people to gather information on what Dr.Fink is doing and start to step up to the plate. The female I was accompanying to her visit with Dr.Fink, had nothing but praises for Dr.Fink as she told me that his professionalism is what sold her to give him the "thumbs up"  and has chosen him to deliver her set of twins arriving in a few months. I read the other comments on YELP here regarding his staff, so I figured being a man who is not apart of the process, and just a bystander, why not play with the staff and see If I got the same rudeness from them. I kept bugging them, asking them "how long is it going to be", "where is the best restaurant", "what's there to do here", "is there a bar nearby" etc.... Just to see if me being annoying would trigger some rudeness. The staff handled me being annoying very well, and as much as I attempted to get the rudeness and attitudes out of them that the other reviews have posted here, for me it didn't happen. They would give me recommendations, and do it with a smile as well as even tell me one of their personal stories, or what to order at the restaurant, and what not to order. Dr.Fink, if you happen to read comments here on yelp, I just wanted to let you know that "YOU ARE DOING IT CORRECTLY SIR, AND EVERYONE ELSE NEEDS TO STEP UP TO YOUR LEVEL".
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,8/14/2013,6,29,3,7,4>I was recommended to Dr. Maercks by a co-worker a few months ago, because she and her husband had received some Broadband light laser treatments and loved the results. So I went about three months ago, met with the doctor and his assistant Djohra, which by the way is very nice, to get rid of deep acne scars and wanted to know what he recommended. He gave me a few choices and I finally decided to go ahead with the Erbium Laser/Microlaser procedure.I had it done about a month ago, and I can honestly say, he and his staff are great. They called me all the time to follow up on me, and I went back for complimentary check ups once a week for a month, following my treatment. He also added a skin tightening treatment for me because he wanted to make sure I got the best results.I am very pleased with the way my skin looks now, and the great thing is that I am still healing and every day it looks better! Another nice thing is that many people that saw how my skin was before, and they are complimenting me on how great my skin looks now.He also recommended me a great skin care routine that is keeping my skin looking great.I will continue to go back to him to maintain my youth as long as I can. And I know I can recommend him to my closest friends and family with confidence :)
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,8/13/2013,763,459,12,12,10>First and foremost, this place is beyond impossible to find. I don't know if it's the fact that they have no sign or the fact that there were no lights outside, but whatever it was, we walked right past the damn place. The cab driver was like NA what? And the workers throughout Brickell Key had no clue that a sushi restaurant even existed on the island. Ahh...that's Miami for ya!Yes, we were "those" people who arrived late. Oops! When we finally found NAOE and Wendy greeted us (Hermès belt/Chanel shoes and all) I knew that we were in good hands. She was so cute! I wanted to pinch her little cheeks all night long.The atmosphere is extremely intimate. I found it quite cute. It's not your typical Miami scene with gold diggers scouring for their prey as there are only like 10 seats in the entire place and you MUST have reservations. Once everyone that has reservations is seated, they lock the door so that no one else can enter.I'm no rookie to tasting menu's/several course meals but I had my expectations set high from reading all of the other Yelp reviews. I think that if anyone sees my check-ins or reads my reviews, they know that I am a Doraku fiend (and huge fan of sushi) but was not expecting what was given to us at NAOE. I will have to say that Paul M's review definitely made me laugh as he pretty much summed it up better than I could regarding how tasty NAOE is. Doraku rolls MAY not cut it anymore (although I cannot possibly eat at NAOE everyday).I brought my own wine as I am not a fan of sake although I heard it was pretty good (and made by the chefs family). There was a $40 cork fee which is absurd. If you are an establishment that only serves beer or sake, why would you make someone pay $40 to bring their own wine when you don't even serve wine?! If they served wine and I brought my own, I would get it. However, I thought that was a little excessive.The bento box came shortly after we sat down. It was quite interesting to say the least. I don't think there's a better word to sum it up. The flavors were extremely unique yet somehow all blended perfectly together. I honestly can't even remember what we had as the courses started coming out swiftly afterwards. In my opinion, they came out too fast. When you have an 8 course meal, it must be paced correctly. I think that they brought things out just a litttttttle too quickly as I was full by the 5th or 6th course (which shouldn't happen).In comparison to restaurants in NYC or Vegas, NAOE would be up there but not really a top 3. In comparison to restaurants in Miami, NAOE is the best hands down. The service was perfect (I mean with 10 seats, it better be) and the concept of this restaurant is truly "one-of-a-kind" for Miami. They do an excellent job at creating a full experience. The food was so fresh and tasty (only one of our courses was flown in that day from Japan) but most of the fish came from Boston. Every course is fish (in case you did not know by now). Wendy told us a funny little story about a person who dined at NAOE and stated that she did not eat fish...at all. Ay dios mio! I digress, everything was prepared exactly like it should be eaten. No soy sauce was given (not that I'm a fan of soy sauce either). It reminded me of a documentary that I saw, "Jiro dreams of sushi". If you saw that, picture NAOE as just that without having to fly all the way to Japan.Wendy called a taxi for us and even walked us out to it when it arrived (no, not just to the door, literally to the taxi). I will say that I really enjoyed NAOE but it is something that you can experience once and that is enough. Definitely try it out though, I doubt you will be disappointed! You must experience NAOE at least once.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,8/12/2013,250,256,10,15,11>Every now and then, I become a cynic. I see a business like iRun, with all those shiny five star reviews, and I'm just not sure it's going to live up to the hype. Happily, iRun does. Staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and thorough. I was even able to see my gait on the treadmill due to a video taken by my sales clerk as I ran. Booyah! I could see my pronation right away. It's pretty cool to go to a place where not only do they tell you what you need and why, they actually show you. I tried on several different shoes before I found my match. And what a match it was - true love from the start. My Asics felt so natural on my feet it was like I was back in ballet class, pas de chat'ing around. As I jeté'd around the store I could tell I was going to get a big boost when I went for my first run in my new kicks. There was no attitude when I asked for my check-in discount - in fact they seemed happy to save me some dough. Of course, the pair I fell in love with was also the most expensive, so I had to go check online to see if iRun's prices were fair. Happily, they retail for the exact same amount on the Asics site. Score!Bottom Line: the only running store you'll ever need.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,8/11/2013,328,239,14,18,15>Fritay, pronounced free-THAI, is a Haitian Creole term that has no word for word translation in English. It means "an assortment of deep fried foods". If you were at a cocktail and someone comes with a tray of miscellaneous fried foods or fritters, Fritay would be the correct word to describe it, given the language was Hatian Creole. The closest translation to Fritay would be "frituras", a Spanish word.One of the many staples of Caribbean cuisine are the deep fried foods. In Haiti though, they are a way of life. In this extremely impoverished country, one way to make an honest living is by selling fried food on the roads, along with grilled corn or grilled plantains. No other Caribbean country has a larger amount of people dedicated to this trade. People stand on country roads, busy streets, street corners and favellas with large pails full of boiling oil or fat, which is used to fry mostly pork, chicken or goat.Fritay, here in Miami, uses the term loosely with a menu that includes not only fried foods but stews. Along with the fried pork, goat, hen, chicken, fish, chicken wings, plantains, yucca, okra, etc, they also offer legume and turkey stew. It proves advantageous for those that don't eat fried foods because they can still enjoy this Haitian hole in the wall where only two tables and a few stools at the counter are available for seating.The food at Fritay is pretty good. I have been a couple of times and everything has been tasty. But that is not the strength of Fritay. Their strength is in the "fast food style" menu. For instance, they have a lunch menu, with most dishes at $5.00. The amount of food served is less, but still plenty and satisfying. If you may want a little more food, they have sides and a $1 menu, similar to the big fast food joints. And if you want a large meal, they have the full meals also available. But what I think is the very best thing at Fritay are the family meals. If you want to surprise your family or friends with some Haitian food, come to Fritay. You can get a large tray of fried pork with sides. And if you fear that won't be enough, you can add a bunch of stuff from the $1 menu. And, they also sell Haitian colas and natural drinks.Fritay is good for food, for prices, and surprisingly, for ingenuity. This joint is moving Haitian food into the future by integrating it with the "fast food" American way of life. The menu offers lots of combinations, a first at these ethnic restaurants. In other words and without the help of Google Translator, "Pollo Tropical, nap boule".
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,8/29/2014,587,1627,6,9,9>I didn't intend to come here after seeing the "seafood market" sign with a good crowd of people having a late lunch in the weekend, I knew I had to drive back to visit.And visit, I did, in this little Dominican area of Allapattah where the small-town environs have that strong Latin American look and vibe. And this ramshackle shack fits right in, hawking seafood dishes outside like fish and shrimp empanadas, pan con minuta fish sandwich, and fried shrimp to be enjoyed and eaten outdoors in this place. And if you step in through the wrought-iron gate with paint peeling off, you'll see a pretty sizable seafood market selling snapper, shrimp, conch, hogfish, mullets, and tilapia at a good price. As for the price, they were comparable to American supermarkets when there's a sale on seafood. But here, no sales are needed. And they'll clean the fresh fish out for you (tip encouraged). But do come early - they do run out of their stock fast, as this place seems to be popular with fish-buyers in the know. When I came in the early afternoon, they had already run out of the empanadas and the stock of fish were low. For the locals who really have seen Miami grow through the years, they may appreciate this place as it revokes an image of the well-known La Camaronera before they became commercialized through tv. This place is Latin old-school in an area that hasn't seen the gentrification yet that seem to have rapidly changed the rest of Miami. For a break into the simple past, this is a nice find.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,8/28/2014,365,232,6,14,8>SISTER, "CHRISTIAN" is all you need to say. It's been mentioned in previous reviews, and I'm repeating it because it's true.  If you request Christian, you will have one of the best spa experiences of your life.  A massage from Christian made me realize that all the previous "massages" I've enjoyed have been merely glorified back rubs. Christian gave me THERAPY. It's almost scary how he was able to discern everything about my lifestyle--what kinds of exercise I do, what repetitive motions I make at work, my sleep position, general health, dietary patterns--he literally read my skin, posture, muscles, and then proceeded to untie every knot, loosen every tangle, and relieve every vestige of stress along my spine and limbs. Christian is a 5-star professional. If only the facility lived up to Christian's standard of excellence. But it doesn't. Finding the spa is a bit of a challenge. The elevators are tucked away behind the restaurant and the spa is on the top floor.  The changing room is tiny. There are showers but no sauna or steam.The pool area is beautiful. I found a perfect spot with partial shade and a really nice view. There was no DJ on a weekday morning, so it was calm, relaxing, and not too crowded. A small Perrier was $8 and parking, even with validation from the spa, was $15. I used a Groupon, so for the day, I felt it was still a pretty good deal.Shore Club is an old-school pleasure-garden of a place with all sorts of tucked away conversation areas surrounding the pool and a gate leading out to the beach. It's a great SoBe spot for a spa day.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,8/27/2014,57,49,2,7,6>So glad this place opened up. I've been here  twice now and it's yet to disappoint. My first time here, the place was pretty busy and the service was a little slow, but the food was amazing. My second visit the service was much better. My server, David I believe was busy mixing up drinks like a pro, but yet still made time to check on everyone and was very friendly. I have to say one of my favorite things about this spot is that it's not one of those bars that only cater to one group of people. Both of my visits have a had a mix of people and the place has been very lively. The place is a little loud, but it's a bar and the music is just as diverse as the crowd, which is a another  point my book. As for their drink program they can make you anything and they have a good selections of tap beers with knowledgable bartenders. What's not to love about this place? The owner Ryan is very genuine and his passion for the business will not go unnoticed. So if you are looking for a new after work spot, get a drink, a delish sausage and call it day.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,8/26/2014,763,459,7,12,10>I have dined at Bin 18 several times now as it is quite close to my apartment. This is truly a hidden gem. You walk into a gorgeous quaint little restaurant with an extensive menu. They have an extensive meat & cheese selection (although I'm lactose intolerant so unfortunately, I cannot indulge), great wine list (and wine bottles hung on the walls to add to the decor), and amazing menu.I am a HUGE fan of octopus...as in...whenever it is on any menu, I have to order it (cooked, not raw). Well folks, get ready! Because octopus is a-cookin' on the menu! It. Is. Yummy! It's sautéed with onions, tomatoes, and zucchini. Uh...hello?! Did someone say that's the perfect combination? No? Well, I did. Is this the only thing I've tried on the menu? Yup.Do they have specials you ask? Do they ever. Friends of mine rave about their "mussel monday's". That's actually how I found out about this place. Tuesday is half off of wine. I literally had a bottle of wine on Tuesday that was $16. My girlfriend and I split it. Wednesday is free champagne night for ladies 7-9pm. Not sure what Thursday or the weekend holds but definitely visit M-W for some great specials. Indoor & outdoor seating. Great service. Love this hidden gem!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,8/25/2014,42,59,6,11,7>We decided to have dinner last night since we haven't been back in a while. At first, the night didn't start very well since we were told to sit outside by the waitress. Then about a minute later someone went up to them and said they were waiting first how come they weren't seated. We were asked to move, so I was done but my fiance asked to wait a bit and stay.Like everyone knows "Happy wife, happy life", so I decided to listen (doesn't happen to often lol). A couple left that were seated outside, so we asked to have some wine outside while we waited for seating inside. They brought out the wine pretty quick and then made some space on the side bar inside for us.  The waiter took all of our things inside and accommodated for us well. We had the house red wine that is pretty good ($7.50 a glass).We ordered a serrano ham, cantipalo, manchego & mahon cheese platter. This was really good but the mahon cheese (first time trying this) was really good. This was only an appetizer but was a good size. The other tapas we ordered were a chicken one (don't remember the name but AWESOME!), brava patatas (AWESOME!) and a side of rice. Let me just say those two tapas were delicious and full of flavor. I would definitely pay them frequent visits just because of those two tapas. Not to mention, this place is literally in walking distance from our place. I love the authenticity of the Spanish style dishes and plan on bringing my Spanish side of the family to try this out soon.The service was pretty good besides the lil hiccup in the beginning of our night. Prices are OK.My compliments to the Chef!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,8/24/2014,202,134,6,8,8>Many people hear the word vegan and their mind conjures images of utter revulsion...I  can be one of those at times. But when it comes to the vegan cupcakes at Bunnie Cakes the only images that spring up are of rainbows and unicorns! For one, I am not a vegan. I enjoy my meat- all of it- way too much to ever give it up for any reason.  But I do tend to shy away as much as I can from gluten and dairy since it doesn't always do me well. I've tried lots of vegan and gluten free goodies, most of which tasted like cardboard and made me gag, or just didn't make me think, "man this cupcake is AS good as the read deal"- until Bunnie Cakes! I had her cupcakes when she used to work out of her house but I think now they're even better; she has perfected them!!! They are moist, and not dry which is always a challenge when you're not baking with regular flour and butter. The frosting is actually yummy- not some hydrogenated blob of oil slathered on! My favorites are definitely the guava, strawberry, and chocolate chip. I've had the chocolate but find that one to actual be a little drier in texture. The dulce de leche and cinnamon sugar are also great. She has a great variety to choose from and she also has vegan cupcakes made with regular flour if you don't need the gluten free option. Yep I've tried them-  and as MCHammer would say "they're too legit to quit." The prices are a little on the higher side at $1.90 a mini cupcake I believe and $21 for a dozen, but when you cook with these type of ingredients you come to expect it. The place is adorable and the girls who work there are always pleasant. You can even order a custom made cake for your vegan buddy...one you know you will actually enjoy!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,8/23/2014,518,294,7,9,7>I love their motto: "Praise the Lard!" It's funny and completely suits the mission of the restaurant.  The plates are served Tapas style so you're able to share.  I tried the Pork Belly  with sweet corn puree and it was to die for!  I wish I could cook that good. The pork was cooked to perfection and it was very delicately tasty! Also tried the BRUSSEL SPROUT HASH - ROASTED BRUSSEL SPROUTS BACON ONION MARMALADE + BLUE CHEESE +POACHED EGG $9 also very delicious and generous portion.  The last thing I sampled was the CHURROS SUGAR TOSSED FRIED BREAD PUDDING + WITH BUTTER CARAMEL SAUCE which was yummy!  It came out very hot so be careful when you get it cause the inside will be gooey and very hot!Can't wait to go back and sample more of their delicious menu.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  Her recommendations were great!The place itself was a little difficult to find but that's my bad, I get lost around Miami even with a GPS...It is near the Dadeland Publix across from the Marriott Hotel.  Check out their nightly specials....
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,8/22/2014,158,324,3,6,8>one-of-the-few-japanese-restaurants-in-miami-run-by-japanese-and-of-the-few-kaitenzushi-places-in-miami-this-is-probably-the-best-i-like-coming-here-as-i-can-get-a-variety-of-sushi-for-a-reasonable-price-without-having-to-stuff-myself-at-a-buffet-place-and-the-sushi-they-serve-are-definitely-a-notch-above-buffet-standardthe-kaitenzushi-comes-around-on-a-fleet-of-boats-the-channel-is-short-so-if-you-miss-the-boat-itll-come-around-soon-enough-as-long-as-its-cargo-doesnt-get-snatched-up-along-the-way-the-plates-are-priced-at-199-299-and-399-distinguished-by-the-color-of-the-plates-they-are-mostly-sushi-including-nigiri-and-rolls-some-sashimi-as-well-as-snacks-like-seaweed-salad-and-dumplings-and-desserts-such-as-green-tea-cheesecake-if-you-dont-see-your-favorite-on-the-boats-the-chefs-are-happy-to-make-them-to-order-i-like-the-fact-that-the-chefs-throw-away-the-food-if-it-has-been-circulating-for-a-while-i-usually-stay-with-the-boats-one-time-we-ordered-the-ramen-as-someone-craved-hot-food-the-ramen-was-okay-the-egg-on-it-was-cold-looks-like-they-made-a-batch-and-refrigerate-them-also-not-thrilled-that-the-noodles-came-with-a-bottle-of-badia-white-pepper-instead-of-the-more-authentic-shichimi-togarashi-from-japan
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,8/21/2014,176,77,4,8,11>I LA LA LA LA LOOOOOOVE THIS PLACE! I absolutely can't wait to come back to the keys and dine here!! I wanted to get some GOOD key lime pie at a restaurant or cafe, not go to a cafe and have them serve me something average that tasted store bought from publix or something. So the people who worked at Captain Slate's (the place I snorkeled at prior to eating at mrs mac) suggested Livio and I to try this place. There's two Mrs Mac, the original which is a small diner type feel and a new bigger one. Siri directed us to the newer one, which isn't far from the original anyway. It looked soooo cute! The outside a painted in pastel pink, blues, and yellows. The inside is decked out in a adorable decors such as a large mermaid by the door. It felt like one of those cute old people homes you visit who invests in thrifting for home decors. We started off with a key lime freeze. THIS IS LITERALLY THE BEST MILKSHAKE IVE EVER HAD!!! It's an intense explosion of key lime flavor which you'd never expect and it's in the form of a milk shake. Oh my lawd, it's also HUGE! Think of a large mc Donald's cup... Yeah... It's like THAT big! I honestly wished I had ordered my own instead of sharing one with Livio regardless of how large it is. Everyone CAN NOT leave mrs mac without trying their key lime freeze!! Then we shared a crab cake appetizer. It comes with two large crab cakes about the size of the palm of the hand belonging to a petite person, with honey Dijon mustard drizzled on top. There was just enough mustard to scrap off the plate for each bite I took of my crab cake because it paired SO FANTASTICLY! This crab cake was so fresh and tender, honestly one of the best I've had. We ordered the garlic chili sauce alligator and a southwestern blackened mahi mahi to share. I've never had alligator before so this was my first... I was excited but unfortunately discovered I'm not fond of alligator. It's an acquired taste... The texture is chewy and a little fishy. Idk how to explain the taste, Livio loved it though. I must admit, the garlic chili sauce was great! :) The southwestern blackened mahi mahi was perfected down to a science. It's a large filet that's blackened just right, not too much so it doesn't have a burned taste but just enough for that smokey peppery ness, hehe. The "southwestern" part means the mahi mahi is topped with shredded cheese, pico de gallo, and guac. I personally would never think of having my fish like this but I was feeling adventurous and decided why the hell not? SPRUCE UP MY SEAFOOD AND SHOW ME WHAT CHA GOT! I was not disappointed!! Since mahi mahi doesn't have a strong fishy taste, the guac balanced it out just right and the cheese only proved to me that cheese goes great on just about anything haha! Also, the fish to topping ratio was on point. It was very well worth it for ONLY $12! If you were to order it just blackened, it was $10. AAAND it comes with a fresh roll with REAL butter on the side, and rice and black beans. Such a great deal! I even had leftovers to take home. Usually, leftover fish doesn't taste that good the following day.. NOT MRS MAC'S!! My mahi mahi was so dang fresh that it only tasted JUST AS MARVELOUS the next day because it's been soaking in the sauce that I poured from the plate into my To-go box. So of course we HAD to finish with a key lime pie hehe, our initial reason for giving mrs mac a whirl. It was flawless. Not too tangy, the whip cream wasn't too fatty and there was enough on top to go with each bite of pie. Still, the key lime freeze is my favorite. I am now going through a key lime pie phase and want to try every key lime product I can haha. The great thing about all this food was that it did not taste or feel fatty at all... It was just a really healthy meal! Mrs mac was the perfect way to end my aquatic adventure in key largo and I can not wait to come back!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,8/20/2014,18,94,6,7,7>I feel blessed to have been born during a time where culinary excellence is not only encouraged, but abounds. Believing that great meals are a gift in life, to be savored amongst the many mediocre meals we consume, having an epic dining experience is paramount to nirvana. On our last visit to Aisha we learned that the owner also owns our favorite Indian restaurant of all-time, Saffron, in West Palm Beach. We were pleased to find that the food is of comparable quality and many of our menu favorites are present on this menu. I held off on leaving a review then to ensure that our excellent service and dining experience was the norm and not just a result of our conversation with the owner. So, feeling an itch for Indian, we decided today was the day. We called ahead to ensure we would not find a wait. We were pleased when the response was "it's not too busy". When we arrived, we were immediately greeted (owner was not in) and seated at a nicely adorned table. The waiters (yes, two) asked if they could leave the glasses for the boys or if we preferred plastic. This was a nice touch. Our menus were handed to us and our napkins gently placed in our laps. Water followed shortly thereafter as did our drink order. The restaurant is well lit, clean and sports a unique paint technique in multiple colors. There is a separate dining area for large parties, which is tastefully segregated. The dining area is of average size, but well laid out. Decorations are tasteful and help to set the theme for Indian cuisine. The chicken samosa appetizer may be one of the tastiest appetizers I've ever had. The lasooni gobi (cauliflower appetizer) is extraordinary. We followed these up with orders of butter chicken and chicken korma, which was an excellent recommendation from the wait staff. We also had orders of garlic, cheese and butter naan. Everything was amazing, and that is an understatement. The service here is second to none, truly. The owner came in towards the end of our dinner and immediately came to the table to greet us. It was a warm and kind exchange, as was every encounter with our wait staff. This truly is a dinning gem in our area.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2008,10/6/2008,14,17,4,5,5>Let me start by saying that I LOVE going to the movies! Some weeks I'll go twice! I like the fact that Regal usually has a good mix of major studio films and independent films. It's always clean and for the most part the staff is pleasant. However, lately it seems that 1 out of 3 movies I watch there will either cut off once or multiple times, it will begin with no volume, or the screen will split. Sometimes, depending on the movie,  I sit there for the first few minutes assuming that the director got all creative when in fact the projector is screwed up! Although management will issue movie passes to patrons for a future visit, it's not good enough! Once I'm engaged in a movie, even if it's a comedy, I don't want it to be interrupted! I don't like spoilers and that's essentially what it turns into because I just want to walk out after having invested my time. Also, the free movie passes are not valid for new features and  most the time I see movies during the 1st week of release, so they are of little use to me when it really counts.Hopefully they'll work out these kinks soon because they are seriously killing the movie going experience for me and countless others!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,10/5/2008,255,165,7,4,5>being a new mom makes me do everything really fast since, i don't have a lot of time. so, one of these days i had to go to the bank and i saw myself in the mirror and i was like "damn Diana you look old and and need to get them eyebrows done". i had never waxed my eyebrows since, i always thought that it was a waste of money and that it would hurt but, this time i was like .. well, i don't even have time now to do my own eyebrows so, lets get them waxed. this salon is next to my bank so, i walked in the salon without an appointment and in less then 1 minute they were doing my eyebrows the service was excellent and the price was just 10 bucks. the lady left my eyebrows really nice so, I'm for sure returning when i get some time.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,10/4/2008,1381,665,14,16,14>OMG, this place is BOMB!!!  I used to come here with my ex, we lived withing walking distance, and they always have awesome food!  They have the best Cuban/Latin food in the area!!!  WAY better than Latin Cafe (not to be confused with Latin American Cafeteria).  Anything you order will remind you of good home cooking, even with the little bit of grease to remind you its authentic!  You know us Cubans love us a little grease!!I've come here for breakfast and brunch more than anything else, but I have had their pan con bistecs (sorry JD, I found it delicious and juicy and just the way I like it) and I always order Media Noches everywhere I go.  They have an exceptionally tasty and delightful one at that!  :)All in all, this is a great place to eat, inexpensive, delicious, what more can you ask for??  You're not coming here for the service, remember that!  ;-)
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2008,10/3/2008,278,388,4,5,7>Mini club/bar.  Blue is like the little dog w/the big bark.  The sound there is always tremendous.This place(like many that I review in the 3 0 5) is much more down to earth than your typical Miami night spot.  Actually this place leans towards the down and dirty.  That's a little to the left of down to earth.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2008,10/2/2008,18,27,5,4,4>so ...i have a new favorite steak place. so maybe i'm lame for not going before last week. this place kills...and i mean kills every other steak restaurant i've ever eaten. and i'm comparing it to vito's chop house in orlando, smith n lewinski's (sp?), ruth chris, the cowboy place in chicago... this place is the best!!!!.. with a big period ... another period!!!! it took us 2 months to get a reservation! but it was worth it... best fillet i ever had. the meet was simply a better quality. i didn't even know there was a better quality! i also had the tuna tar tar app and a few oysters...dude ..are you kidding me is all i kept saying. the tuna was perfect !then we ended up with fried oreo and ice cream ! wow ! the server bet me and said if i didn't like it , i wouldn't pay for it...i paid for it its expensive..but i didnt pay so ..i didn't care! just go! ....and take me with youlate!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2008,10/1/2008,25,5,5,8,6>Yelpers,YOu have to go to Magnum Piano Lounge. This place is so RAD. I went for the fisrt time last Friday and the next day too (saturday), I fall in love with this place.I spent the whole night there. I have never seen a place like this in Miami; I felt like I was in some urban bar in New York .It has three different areas which are:1. Karaoke Little House. Which is located in a separate buillding (a few steps from the main piano bar.)2. Pation, with red couches and zebras couches.3. Piano Bar (smoker's zone)4. Dinning Room. (same floor as Piano bar)inside its really dark, the walls are red,  red velvet curtains, and the interior design its ecclectic with a touch of the french traditional. I don't know how to describe the type of  music,  I will called it showtune music or standar music, because most of the live music was like old musical movies. Oh! And its not a gay bar even though most of the people that go are gay.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,9/30/2008,98,163,3,4,4>I had the BEST gnocchis and croquetas I've ever tasted in my life here last week. Tack on the fact that Michy's has the most wonderful service in town (yeah, no 'tude from the waitstaff here) and it's the BEST chi-chi place to eat in Miami. If you go for dinner you must order the croquetas, braised short rib, gnocchis with meat sauce and the bread pudding. Trust me...your tastebuds will thank you afterward. The bad news? Get reservations or you will be sitting out back with airplane-size mosquitoes.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2008,9/29/2008,148,183,6,12,7>If you've never been to this fairly new establishment, you should definitely give it a try. Upon first site I thought it was a clever name but only to Spanish speakers (or at least people who knew could recognize that it was from a Spanish word). "Qbano", nice. Now, I'm not a big fan of Cuban sandwiches because the toasted bread usually hurts my gums but we strolled on inside this brightly colored cheerful place and decided to give it a shot. Limited menu, only about six different sandwiches, including chicken, ham & cheese, roast beef,  medianoche, etc..  If you're not a fan of sandwiches then this place might not be for you but neither am I so give it a try anyway. They also have salads, from what I remember. I grabbed the roast beef sandwich and I have to say it was really delicious and came nicely presented. In addition, everyone also receives a "Sandwich Qbano" wrapped mint, a cute gesture. When ordering, if you look to your left, you'll see a huge poster of a drink that looks and sounds amazing. Don't be fooled, however,  this smoothie drink thing that they had was not delicious at all. When ordering, they ask you what flavor -  I chose mango. Then they ask you water or milk. I chose milk.  Needless to say, I expected juice and practically got milk. WEUGH. Adversely, my boyfriend loved his because it tasted like the type he makes at home...milky. =/Pricing: Not expensive...$5 for the small sandwich and $8 for the large. When we walked in it took a little bit of time to place the order but the food came pretty quickly. Definitely give it a try if you're in the area and want to stay clear of South Beach prices.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,9/28/2008,115,143,5,5,7>On my way home from a hockey game some guys were hungry, so I recommended we eat at this place since it was 1:30am.  The schedule is a prime seller; their weekend closing time from Friday to Sunday is 6am.  It's located in a small strip mall on the western most side.  The menu is only in Spanish, but hamburguesa is hamburger.  I had the #6 hamburger it was their rendition of a bacon cheeseburger, only that I came along with ham.  The burger was cooked phenomenally and the bacon was not some frozen bacon that was thrown in the microwave, it was juicy and every bite made you want to say, "this is the best burger I've ever had."  Overall this typical Colombian fast food joint is a hidden late night treasure in the Westwood Lake/Kendall area.  It really blew my socks off last night.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,9/27/2008,211,268,4,5,5>This is a quaint little bar in kings creek. Did i mention the food here is amazing! Not only do the have the best wings in town (yes my opinion, they are grilled so somewhat healthy) but the burgers cheese steaks, everything! THe Nachos are actually made with real chicken breast not chicken in a can like ale house. they have good beer selection, with good prices. Saturdays have live music, thursday karaoke, and i beleive wednesday is poker. Also on mondays 790 the ticket broadcasts live from there, so u can watch all the football games too
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,4/21/2012,221,253,10,10,10>Crandon has all the makings of a fun and relaxing afternoon in the sun - clean park/picnic area, plenty of parking, large pavilions if you want to have an event like a birthday party, and access to a decent beach.My favorite thing is that Crandon is a really large park with enough space for everyone to have a good time.  The number of picnic tables and large, shady trees for hanging out with friends & loved ones without feeling crowded together.  Truth be told, I didn't notice any other groups close to the area we were using, even though there were plenty of cars in the parking lot.  It's a shame that I don't take advantage of this beautiful park on a regular basis.  I'm definitely going to make an effort to visit more often.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,4/20/2012,420,662,15,18,18>Best birthday bash ever. Like, wow. Thanks to a friend's suggestion, I decided to host a massive "great outdoors" party at this charming spot. Until he mentioned it, I didn't even know this place existed, but it's the perfect escape right within our little city.We rented multiple cabins for the sleepover part of the party. They're CHEAP, $50 per night, and most sleep four people. They have AC, nearby bathrooms, grills and fire pits.In the daytime hours, we rented canoes, brought our borrowed paddleboards and went for a cruise down the canal. The canoes are PRICEY. $38 for an hour and a half, more than $50 for three hours. But the ride was freakin' amazing. We had to cut it short as more friends arrived, but I'll go back for that experience in a heartbeat. I just wish the prices weren't so steep.As the day progressed, we made a fire, grilled, roasted marshmallows, played games, tossed a frisbee, went night paddleboarding and sooooo many other shenanigans.The one and only reason this place didn't get five stars? On weekend nights, there's a dude who stays in the campground property to watch over things. He had it in for us. Granted, you're only allowed to have the number of people who are staying in the cabins, and we had more. But they left eventually, and we were down to the appropriate number. However, he was still after us, coming to harass us every 15 minutes. Eventually he called the cops, who arrived and were totally confused as to why they'd been called.But I guess it's not a party till the cops arrive. :) In the future, I'd probably make sure that everyone had a spot in the cabins, just so we avoid some of the harassment.All in all, this party was a BLAST. The park is spacious, pretty and sooooo relaxing. I'm sure I'll be spending a lot of time here in the near future.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,4/19/2012,87,85,15,17,11>I'm deeply concerned for this place. Not because it isn't any good, but because it's just THAT good. It's proximity to Mary Brickell Village and the throngs of douchey characters that haunt it make Blackbird highly susceptible to being sucked into a galaxy of chongas forever and ever. But until then, I will enjoy this little magical place and its quirks for all that it's worth. Blackbird is the kind of place to chill. Gentleman, if you're looking to fist pump and relentlessly hit on girls, this may not be the place for you. Ladies, if playing Battleship is not your idea of fun well, then, I'm sorry. Everyone else, rejoice. First, choose a drink from it's beautifuly curated menu of craft cocktails. Second, grab a couple of board games from the game shelf by the rear end of the bar. (Yes, you read that correctly--they have a shelf of board games!) Third, mark your territory at one of the booths with your group of friends and prepare yourself for a grand ol' time. I don't know of  a whole lot of places aside from my own home where it's acceptable and appropriate to play a rowdy game of alcohol-impaired Jenga. Want to play Dominoes? Yea, they have that, too. If your music taste is anything like mine--which is an eclectic mix of anything from 80's pop to alternative rock to 90's hip hop--you will be in your zone here. For those in the mood to be in a great laid-back atmosphere, drink amazing cocktails, and just be somewhere other than the 15 Irish pubs in Brickell, Blackbird is the remedy.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,4/18/2012,365,232,11,16,12>A MIRACLE ON 8TH STREET.  Sleek, hip, modern, and classy, this little fine dining establishment is cutting a delicious new edge into the Calle Ocho scene.Upon arrival, Hernan, the handsome, charming, talented Chef-owner, welcomed us and showed us to our table.  We chose a Malbec from the well-rounded list of wines, and sat back to peruse the menu.  The choices reflect a strong pride of place and a whimsical sense of adventure.I started with a provolone salad and Mr. Wonderful had the ceviche.  He raved about the fish, and said it's the best he's ever had in Miami.  I found my meal to be a bit aggressively salted, but overall, the flavors were full and fresh.At about 10:00 a singer/ guitar player took the stage.  The restaurant filled up with beautiful young people and the scene was in full swing.  We'll definitely go back to Catharsis.  It's a welcome new addition to the iconic 8th Street neighborhood.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,4/17/2012,529,642,13,18,15>I'd bemoaned the lack of real "gastropubs" in South Florida for years (a gastropub being simply a combo bar/restaurant that offers quality beer with interesting beer-friendly food....and let's face it, what food isn't beer-friendly?). Now, however, we have options. Of late, we have been playing catch-up with every other metropolitan area in America, with a few gastropubs opening their doors in the past couple years. Lou's takes the concept and slaps a bona fide Miami stamp on it, as the restaurant is entirely open-air, consisting of a tiny 4-5 seat bar with tables arrayed around a diminuitive hotel pool. The beer list is small but well thought-out, with a variety of choice draft and bottle options that will please beer connoisseurs, or any foodie who wants to try a different beer with his/her meal. I have to get a little defensive at the comment a few reviews down that the beer selection isn't so great, especially compared to gastropubs in Portland, Oregon. Well yeah.....hey, I'm sure that if Deschutes, Ninkasi, Lost Abbey, Ballast Point, Alesmith, Midnight Sun, Alaskan and the scores upon scores of other Pacific Northwest and West Coast craft brewers distributed to South Florida, and there was space available, Lou's would have them. The menu is not extensive by any stretch, but it hits all the bases - cheese plate, charcuterie plate, thin crust pizza, salads, wings, burger, and a small assortment of entrees. Charcuterie was very substantial and excellent, with a few varieties of sausage and large soft pretzel with spicy mustard. The pizza is credible - I had a couple slices of the simple margherita, but next time I'll try the veggie pizza. The real winner was the Whole Bronzino A la Plancha, a simply-seasoned whole European sea bass with grilled veggies - asparagus, fingerling potatoes, cherry tomatoes and sprouts. Beautifully done, the presentation makes it look delectable, and the simple seasoning allowed me to really taste the tender, almost sweet white meat of the bronzino. At $18, this is a great deal. I paired this dish with a draft Dogfish Head Sah'tea, but it would have worked with almost any other beer on offer.Service here is friendly, but be forewarned, this is a tiny kitchen with not a lot of staff (Lou, basically) - so if the place is jammed, the kitchen can get backed up. I saw this happen on my last visit. Don't worry, you'll get there. My advice is to kick back, be patient, and have a beer.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,4/14/2012,271,113,14,17,13>Sailfish Landing is what happens when you live far South and are desperate to find someplace new to get your crafty beer on.To say that there is a drought of locales to find specialty beers in the dirty,dirty is an understatement. I would typically have to jump in my pimp mobile and drive several miles out of my way to find a Dogfish Head or a Weyerbacher. Sailfish Landing has those guys nicely nestled in refrigerators waiting for my purchase.They are nowhere near as stocked as your UM Food Spot or Sunset Corners or even T- Wine but for us Southerners, it's nice to take a quick jaunt to the local corner store and pick up something tasty for a special evening of Home-steading and Hulu-queuing.They are also quite adept in their wine department. I think this is their strong suit. I did recently cruise by and pick up some nice inexpensive Italian wines for a sassy little soiree and I must say that they were not bad at all. For under 15 dollars a bottle, I was able to have a deelish Sangiovese as well as a peppery and smooth table wine that was easy drinking.Sailfish Landing was a great little find in the Homestead area. It will definitely become my go-to place in the land of tree farms and Sexy- Mexy restaurants.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,4/13/2012,619,794,12,17,15>Four of us came here last Friday night after the January Critical Mass ride.   As others have mentioned, the neighborhood where The Corner is located is a touch on the sketchy side for now, but this area should improve in time, and even as is I'd have no problems coming here and feeling safe.   This is definitely a spot for locals, which is a great find in this city.  Though I only had one drink before leaving and didn't have a chance to try any of their bites, as a few others have mentioned, I was definitely surprised by their prices.  A few of their 12 Oz. drafts were $3, and I think I had one of the more expensive items listed on their chalk board draft menu; It was a 16 Oz. Crispin cider, and priced out at $7.    This place features a variety of cocktails, shaken and stirred by their team of mixologists behind the bar, and their cocktail menu features both classic and "nouveaux" concoctions.   They offer a fair amount of beers and cider on tap, and more than 3 dozen bottled beers.  They also have an acceptable variety of wines and a few types of sake as well.  In all, a laid back "come as you are" neighborhood bar with a varied drink menu and great prices.  I'll be back.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,4/12/2012,323,315,14,17,17>I melt for you!While there may be no quick fix for a broken heart, ice cream is certainly a requisite band-aid.  My friend was craving some sinful and decadent ice cream after a particularly grueling throw-down with her bf, and after a little searching we stumbled upon Azucar on Calle Ocho.     From the outside it's pretty hard to miss, a giant tower of a brightly colored ice cream cone lures you in like a siren's song.  The inside is luminous and cheerful, a resplendent mismatched-design tile floor gives it an old-Cuban home charm.  The chalkboard walls are filled with various hues, lists of flavors and doodles.  Clean, tantalizing, and one of the first times I think I've ever been so tempted by ice cream (which usually I tend to find overly icy and mediocre quality).  However, with a long list of options, including avocado, pinot noir and plantano maduros, you know this is not your average ice cream shop.   Among the gamut of flavors ranging from a traditional Sicilian Pistachio (the true minty Italian gelato shade and not virulent neon green where you know you're about to consume lots of artifical dyes) to the less common flan, I couldn't resist the lure of the lemon basil (my predilection for anything containing basil pretty much guaranteed I couldn't be too unhappy with my choice). The perfect balance of sweet and tart, it was phenomenal!  While the snowy white concoction bore no visible bits of lemon or basil, you couldn't deny the strong flavor.  So light, creamy and refreshing, I was utterly smitten!   My friend was also kind enough to share her flan and Abuela Maria (vanilla ice creams with chunks of crunchy galletas Maria cookies, and teensy cubes of guava and cream cheese).  I have to say that the flan was far less cloying than I had imagined it would be.  Instead it was smooth and subtle, but unmistakably the rich Cuban custard treat I'd come to know and love after years of living in Miami.  Despite being the signature flavor though, I found the Abuela Maria underwhelmed.  The guava was a bit too sweet and the biggest problem was that the guava bits, along with the cream cheese bits, were so frozen they were seriously tough to chew.  As such, it definitely eliminated the heavenly, creamy experience of the other selections.  I understand the appeal of the add ins, I just wish they had been at the same temperature as the ice cream rather than suddenly biting into a frozen icicle of cream cheese.  Oh well, guess everything might not be perfect, but that doesn't mean there isn't enough options to find something you'd like to try!   Great service and unique flavors this is one of the best ice cream spots in Miami and a true hidden gem!  While some other less-than-stellar and overly gritty ice cream parlors around town had really dulled my ice cream enthusiasm, Azucar came along and salvaged my notions of what truly wonderful ice cream could be.  As picky as I am, this place passed the test with flying colors and if I'm ever craving quality ice cream this will definitely be my go-to spot!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,4/11/2012,276,303,5,7,8>Michael's Genuine is definitely on my top 5 favorite restaurants.  So naturally I have been dying to go to Harry's Pizzeria.  So was it worth the wait??  I am happy to report that Harry's pizza kicks ass.  Their apps, well that's a different story.The apps, the apps just missed the mark.  The focaccia bread, 4 grilled pieces of bread....uh not what i was expecting.  The meatballs, good but very plain, almost dry.  If your going to order the meatball you need to order the ricotta too otherwise its just bland.  The polenta fries where definitely the best of appetizers.  My bf loved the ketchup.  Now onto the 4 stars - the pizza.  Short rib.  Ohhh my good delicious!!! The pizza was thin and crispy, the Gruyere was salty, the caramelized onions were a little sweet and the arugula was the perfect finishing touch.  OMG delicious!!  Next time, no apps, just two pizza's and a bottle of wine...DELICIOUS!!!!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,4/10/2012,253,216,7,12,9>Tonight, I was one of the lucky few that got to try Lokal Burgers & Beer before it opens to the general public next week. All I can say is lookout Coconut Grove- this place is very likely to become the new burger spot and watering hole in the area. The restaurant prides itself on being as local as it gets, using local products from Florida farms, dairies and breweries.The first thing that stands out when you walk in is the funky, retroish vibe going on. The bar is lined with cassette tapes, the back wall has an awesome sign made out of wine bottle corks, and the path to the bathroom has little round mirrors made out of what appears to be old bike wheels. The place is not huge but it probably has about 20 tables, a few LCDs showing sports, and a nice sized bar counter. Both the service and food were spot-on. If this was their first day, it can only get better! I went with the Frita Burger (burger patty with melted gruyere, picnic fries, bacon and slices of guava) - SO SO SO GOOD!  My mom had the Classic which is basically a cheeseburger with the traditional fixings. She loved hers as well. The burgers come with your choice of French fries or sweet potato fries. Both were so good that we got through half of them before even taking the first bite out of our burgers. The most memorable part of our meal was probably the dessert. We went with the tres leches and the conversation was over. There was no more talking as we could only focus on munching on this deliciousness. It was out-of-control spectacular! I'm normally a big fan of B&B Joint but I think I've found a new favorite burger spot. Oh, and one more thing, while they do serve beer, wine and bubbly, you can also BYOB! I can't wait to return!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,6/24/2009,374,258,8,9,10>Some of my friends who have kids think it's funny when I tell them I have an annual pass to the Zoo- because I have no children of my own.But you don't need kids to enjoy this place.  My inner child loves going there.One of the beautiful things about Metro Zoo is that there aren't alot of cages. I've been to quite a few depressing zoos where animals are caged and trapped in small spaces. As an animal lover, it is very important to me that my local zoo gives the animals plenty of space to roam- Metro Zoo does just that!As a member you can ride the bicycles around the place for a discounted price, and it's GREAT exercise! They're also shaded so they're a great alternative to walking the zoo on a hot day.  I finally saw the new Amazon exhibit last time I went, and it was pretty, but I was expecting more.  I won't take away any stars for that, though, since I still enjoy the zoo so much.  It's a great place to walk around and take pictures, especially when the tigers are out waiting for their food! I need to invest in a good telephoto lens to get them up-close and personal.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2009,6/22/2009,103,159,4,10,8>I finally gave into my friends request to try this place out, since she loves it so much, and she wasn't kidding. It was delicious!I ordered the Flying Bulldog, which is the grilled chicken sandwich and it was mouthwateringly delicious. I'm not a fan of food with barbeque seasoning. At all. But what I ordered really wasn't barbeque heavy. And if it was, I didn't taste it. Other people in my table had the ribs, burnt-end beans, cobb salad and the white chili (which was amazing) and everyone was happy with their meal.Our waiter was super nice and even exchanged our ribs because they were too spicy for our friend and was nice about the whole thing, apologizing the entire time. It's details like this, from the friendly staff to the super clean atmosphere, that was always leaves a good taste in my mouth.Definetly will come back for seconds!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,6/21/2009,723,1088,12,12,11>This place bills itself as a true Italian restaurant - for those of you who have ever spent time in "Little Italy" in Chicago, next to UIC Circle Campus, you can certainly appreciate the roots from where the likes of this place hail. It is truly authentic in ambiance, food, and service - In fact this review is for the same famous Randazzo's in the Gables but in its new location on the entrance to Miracle Mile. The new digs are fantastic, they managed to expand the square footage but it still maintains the quaint feel of a neighborhood authentic Italian restaurant. The service is fantastic, and the food is really ... really good with generous portions at a pretty good price. After all, you are eating at the world famous Randazzo's. The place almost lost a star because they were playing Raging Bull with Robert De Niro on the big Screen TVs during Lunch service. I fail to see the logic in playing such a bloody movie when you are trying to enjoy the Meatballs. But Randazzo's gets a pass, for two reasons... I don't want to get "wacked" and the place is THAT GOOD !!!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,6/20/2009,7,14,6,6,6>This is the best little crap-hole you will ever find. The music is good - sometimes - the people are interesting, and the beer is cheap. There is even a quaint little record store in the back. I find myself making the trek out to this dive every chance I get.Now, if you like local music, this is the place for you. They provide live music almost everyday of the week, and they're mostly all Miami natives. It's not only a local music joint, big names will sometimes play as well. In fact, I got to see Dick Dale do his surf guitar one night at the ol' Hill. I must warn you, however, that sometimes the music can be rather bad; and when I say bad I mean ears bleeding bad. I would usually say that's a negative, but it strangely adds to the charm of this Miami staple.The decor inside is just as you would imagine: dirty, dank, a little dark and pool tables to boot. There's an inside bar with stools and some flat screen TV's to watch the latest Futbol or Rugby match. The outside patio can be a nice little breath of fresh air. They also have an outside bar, which is not always open, and sometimes a DJ will be spinning some beats by the 2nd stage. But if you're hanging here, you're most likely inside with all the hooligans.The parking and the location are a bit scary. Located in the heart of Little Haiti, you will find yourself parking your vehicle either in a gravel pit or the dark depths of the shady neighborhood. Surprisingly enough, though, my car has never been touched, and the guys hanging outside are rather friendly. Anyways, I highly recommend this place to anyone that's into music, beer, soccer, rugby and dive bars. If you are a Miami native and have never been here, do yourself a favor and get over there fast. For those vising the Miami area, its an interesting little staple that you will have to experience at least once. Just look for the double decker bus, you can't miss it.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,6/19/2009,66,55,4,6,7>If you are into a low-key place that has a great selection of beers, this place is for you. From the outside, it doesn't look like much, but when you walk in, the place has a great vibe, very cool ceiling that resembles a log cabin.  Their food is also excellent. They have plenty of appetizers and entrees at reasonable prices. I had the brescetta. The fresh tomatoes on top of the warm, crispy pieces of bread were delicious. And if you are into beer, they have over 100 selections. They also have live music throughout the week. But make sure you bring cash because plastic is not accepted. All in all, a nice place to chill with a meal, coffee or a brew.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2009,6/18/2009,83,129,6,10,9>Woo new pizza place by my house! Its a small place, with a brick fire oven, that i found right next to gamestop in the new costco shopping center on 120 and 137We started off with the stone ground garlic bread which had mozzarella cheese and marinara for dipping. It was good but im a garlic lover so it could have used more garlic in my opinion. Marinara was really good but it felt odd with the bread. For dinner we got one mushroom and red onion on wheat pizza, and one regular cheese pizza. the flavor was good, temperature was perfect. for the mushroom and red onion the mushrooms were real, and not canned. most places just used canned/bottled and i dont like it. It didnt look like alot of topings at first but most of them are hidden under the cheese so they don't burn.  the wheat dough was good but i think they need to work on the cooking a little more. it was crispier towards the edges and softer towards the middle but still help up to folding. Slices are a little small than what most people are used so that may be a deal breaker for some. The cheese was good and the flavor reminded me of a NY slice.  service was fast and our server was nice. They only have single slices during the day before 5.  and there is no parm shakers at the table which was odd. Toppings are plentiful and include eggplant, artichokes, and a variety of cheeses for those who prefer something other than mozzarellaThey have indoor and and some out door seating with giant umbrellas to block the sun. Pretty good place, price is decent for real not pre-manufactured pizza... cant wait to try the gelato and the garlic knots! Def going back again.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,6/17/2009,352,828,5,7,6>This is one of most spectacular rooftop bars you will ever see! We went to Plunge on an early Friday night to catch some basketball games during a boys weekend. For my friends from the West Coast, there's nothing better than sitting in a rooftop Cabana and watching a few games with a drink and a cigar. The waitress had a few problems turning on the television but eventually they called in the Plunge IT guy. They have a limited menu of sushi, a turkey sandwich and shrimp on the menu but the service was great. You can expect to pay SOBE prices for the drinks. You should go ahead and valet park and get your ticket validated when you settle your bar bill. The regular price for parking is $30 and with the validation it's only $15. Lastly, don't forget to check out their rooftop bathroom stalls.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,6/16/2009,147,180,7,9,10>So, I've kind of been walking around with my natural hair color for almost a year now (I have a 1-year-old, a job, a house to maintain--some things just get pushed to the back burner, 'ya know?). The team at Cutler was kind enough to hide what God gave me behind a nice, shiny shade of chocolate. And I feel like a new person, too. Why it took me so long to get here, I'll never know.The salon is cute and cozy and housed at the Gansevoort South. The staff is friendly, helpful and fast, too. It's the kind of place where they'll know your name, which is nice, because you wanna go where everybody knows you name ...Just be sure to bring a little extra dough if you need to valet park. It's $16 with a validation from the salon. $30 without. Expensive, but still cheaper than a parking ticket! Or you could just find a meter and dash across the street to the salon. I think that may be my plan of attack next go-round.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,6/15/2009,62,126,3,5,6>WOW, what a place, and the prices for services are amazing.  If nobody told you the staff were students, you would never know.  I have not used the hair services yet, but have an appointment today.  You can get a haircut with finish styling for $12!!  Crazy right?  In this economy, if you need to cut down, but don't want to miss out on quality, this is your place.  The spa...aaahhhhhhh, it is heavenly.  Looks like any of the top high end spas.  I had a 90 min. facial last week and I am going back today to buy a package of 4, which runs under $180, depending on the style of facial you choose. A regular 60 minute facial is only $40!!  They have all types of hair services, including highlights and chemical straightening, nail serives, waxing and more.  In the fall they start their massages to the public..I can't wait.  There is also a nice Aveda retail store in the front, not cheaper than normal, but very handy to have on site.  I only gave it 4 stars until I try out some of the other stuff.  I will update when I can.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2009,6/14/2009,64,34,7,7,7>I'm more of a regular at the Coral Gables location, but I just burrowed my way into the relatively new incarnation of Books and Books at the Beach. "Burrow" is sadly too accurate- you pretty much have to follow elaborate clues and arrows from the street cafe to figure out B&B exists at all, it's like an Indiana Jones mystery. That's Miami, though- there's literacy here, it's just hidden very very well. The store, btw, is beautiful- almost forbiddingly so. Many of he books are arranged museum style and I could almost hear my Mom shouting at me: "Look but don't touch!" The way the books are organized in their gallery-like cubbyholes is, well, either "sort of confusing" or "exploration-friendly", you decide how optimistic to be about it. The store is aesthetically pleasing, but in the way a trendy boutique should not be. This isn't the inviting bookstore I know.And "inviting" is where my review went down stars. I've been going to te Gables Books and Books for years, and (I say this with all the love that keeps me coming back)- the staff is not exactly known for their great customer service. But that's fine, I can take a little curtness from a hipsterish girl who's busy thinking about what to wear to Poplife later. But at the Beach Books and Books? I stopped by with a friend and she pretty much got barked at after asking a simple friendly question about their schedule. ("What? Why should we tell you when we close? Are you retarded? It's probably on the door out there somewhere! If you care so much, Google us! GOSH, IDIOT!" - ok, I exaggerate a bit, but it kind of felt like the person needed a little more practice on not ripping the face off customers.)Up the approachability, B&B. You're selling books, not Gucci bags.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2008,11/7/2008,34,109,6,17,8>Ricky's is a great resource for all your red-meat supply needs (they also have pork).  I wouldn't come here if I need only a few pieces of filet or something, but I always come here before a BBQ.  (and when I say BBQ, I don't mean the American version during 4th of July... I mean the real Argentine/ Uruguay BBQ... the good stuff!)  They have great short ribs (@ only $3.49/lb!) and good quality churassco (I think around $3.99/lb).  Some of the meats have a weight minimun, (short ribs are 10 lb min) but you can get a smaller amount, it's just that it'll be a little more expensive.  If you want filet mignon, I think you have to get the whole vacum sealed filet and take it home to clean and portion.  The quality of the meat is always good and because they are always super busy, it's always fresh.Ricky's is always busy, but they are very well organized.  Steps to your successful Ricky's experience:1. Go in, take a ticket and wait for your turn.  Usually this doesn't take more than 10 minutes.  2. Tell the butcher what you'd like, and be nice b/c then they'll get you the meat that was just cut fresh!  Also, if you want an extra thick cut pork chop or something, they will do special cuts.  I got 10 lbs of churassco and he even asked me if I wanted him to clean it for me!  And the place was packed!  So the service here is very good.3. So after they bag your meat, he'll give you a piece of paper.  4. Pick up anything else you need and stand in line to pay.  5. Pay w cash or c.c. and the cashier will give you a reciept.  6. Then go outside, make a sharp right to the side of the building and wait for your cart of meat. 7. A guy will bring it to your car for you in a box, esp. if it's a lot or heavy.  A $2 tip is nice to have handy for this.  8. Congratulations, you just shopped at Ricky's the best butcher in Miami! And don't forget the sea salt!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2008,11/5/2008,103,159,4,7,4>Tom's NFL is our neighborhood dive bar in Miami Springs that recently underwent a remodeling phase. And for the better.For being a bar located in an airport hotel, it's quite big. There's about 4 pool tables, a jukebox, a kitchen and themed nights. It's not swanky but it's the perfect place to chill out with friends and order a pitcher of beer (which will run you $4.50). Oh and did I mention that drinks are super cheap? A Tanq-n-Tonic was only $4.50 as well!So if you are ever in the area, stop on by and play a game of WORDSTER on the bar while sipping on some bud light. It's the perfect way to cap the night off!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2008,11/4/2008,147,180,6,6,6>This is the only place in South Florida to get organic ice cream. Now, I know what you might be thinking, "Organic ice cream?" Sure, ice cream isn't supposed to be good for you. It's supposed to be loaded with fat and calories and sugar. But, HA! This ice cream is good for you AND it tastes like it's bad for you (meaning it has all the flavor of regular ice cream). There are a ton of flavors to choose from, but my favorite are the fruit flavors. Don't take my word for it, though, see for yourself. And be sure to get it in a homemade cone.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2008,11/3/2008,253,216,7,8,9>One word: FANFRIGGINTABULOUS!!Went to Splitsville last night after coercing my friends to change dinner plans to bowling/drinks/dinner plans instead. It was a group of 10 and we were celebrating my friend's birthday. (It's 21 and over after 8pm-- which was fantastic)We all trickled in between 8 and 8:30ish.  We didn't wait much to get a lane, and while we waited, we took advantage of their delicious drinks at the bar. There were people there but it wasn't packed. Drinks were reasonably priced-- and the bartender was really nice and attentive.The bartender told us that they were doing  a soft opening to make sure they have everything right before advertising and getting slammed. They're going to start running alot of ads in November, so you might want to go before the rest of the city is in on this.This place completely blows both lucky strike and strike miami out of the water! The service is top-notch. They bring your shoes to the lanes and enter the names on the computer for you. One random employee even walked by and gave me a bowling tip! As for the cost-- I paid for 2 games ($6/ea) for 2 people plus shoe rental ($4) and tax and it was $34. While at the lane, we ordered Parmesian fries (delicious!!), Chicken Quesadillas (also delicious!!!) and a Volcano Roll (surprisingly delicious!!!), 2 beers and a stoli/redbull & the grand total on that was only $52.----- And as for paying with a group which can be a nightmare- they actually rung us up individually before we started bowling so we didn't have to worry about splitting a bill after we were trashed!-- That was a really good added bonus!!!I will definitely be back to Splitsville and it will be my new bowling destination of choice. Grab a group of friends and check it out before the crowds get there. GO GO GO!!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2008,11/2/2008,64,130,7,7,6>Wow Miami.  This place raised the bar high.  Good luck to the rest of you wanna be Italian restaurants.  You'll need it.We ended up here as a second choice after ditching our first due to exceptionally poor service.  I've wanted to try this place for a while but kept passing it by for some reason.  What a mistake.  This place was fantastic.Starting with exceptional service from our waiter Alex (and I NEVER remember names) who took better care of us then I'd expect from a private butler.  We ordered two different kinds of ravioli.  A mushroom ravioli with a ham and cream sauce and a spinach and cheese ravioli with red sauce.Fresh!  Fresh!  oh and did I say FRESH!  I'm not typically a fan of ham nor cream sauce with ravioli but I couldn't tell you which dish I liked better.  You could distinctly tell the dishes were fresh by the exceptional flavor of each item from the mushrooms subtly accented by the ham in the cream sauce to the tomatoes and basel in the red sauce.The prices were fair, service exceptional and quite possibly the best Italian food I've had.  I'll be back!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2008,11/1/2008,534,839,4,8,9>Awesome food and service, and its organic!What a find. I went here this past Friday on a recommendation of a YELP pal. Boy were they right on.A small store front on Washington, but the atmosphere inside is wonderful.It feels like you've stumbled on to a real secret.They are really known for their risotto, but I would recommend getting the chef's tasting and let yourself be surprised and pleased.The wine selection is fabulous.And for your dining entertainment, you can watch the freaks walk by the store front window.It is expensive, but this is the beach and I think this place is worth it.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2008,10/31/2008,0,7,4,14,9>It was the best  culinary ive ever tasted.When i went there i hadthe Aguadito de pollo. THE BEST SOUP.The Chaufa.Peruvian Chinese is world famous.and i havent tasted anything better.and the grilled chicken is like no other in miami.im tired of eating chicken with no taste.this chicken in this restaurant issavory inside and out it leaves you chewing the bones. it WAS AMAZING.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2008,10/30/2008,723,1088,5,6,5>Went here today for a business lunch - I have been here several times and have found it to be consistently good. There is a good reason why many of the customers are actually Korean - this a good sign that the place is good and authentic. Just about anything from the lunch menu is guaranteed to be good - I prefer my food spicy so the spicy pork was just right... and that it was.The service is prompt and pleasant and the prices are reasonable for the size of the portions. The hot tea just keeps on coming and it is wonderful !!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2008,10/29/2008,63,107,5,8,5>Oh wow, this is going to be hard to put into words. This is originally my favorite sushi place in the world! I know that sounds weird considering the options but I made this decloration when I was around 13 years old and ate here for the very first time. So now I will rephrase my statement and say that this is the best ALL YOU CAN EAT sushi place in the world. Seriously I used to eat here about once a week when I was in high school and when I went away to college I would call home and ask how it was doing as if I was asking about the family pet. So here's the deal. It's cheap! I think it's about $13.95 now per person. It used to be less but I think that's the going rate these days. Either way, not bad. So the place is in a strip mall and doesn't look like much but it's nice inside and for me just the smell gets me excited. Ok so here's how it works. You sit down and there is a cup with slips and pencils in it. You have a server but he doesn't do much and tip is included. He really just gets your drinks and any appetizers you might want to order from the actual menu. But screw the menu if you plan on ordering from a menu eat somewhere else. Everyone else is here to stuff their faces with sushi until they feel like they might explode. Don't eat all day if you want to get your money's worth. Anyways, you get three slips (maybe 4 now, i've lost count) and a pencil. You write your initials and your table number at the top so your food doesn't get lost in the shuffle which sometimes it does. Then you just write a number next to the amount of pieces (not rolls) that you want of each type of sushi. So if you wanna just try a bite. Write a #1 next to it. If it's something like Salmon bagel (one of my favs) I usually write a double digit number and worry about the consequences later. My other favorite is the veg. tempura roll. I don't know what makes this roll better than any other veg. tempura roll in the world. It just is. You can also order all you can eat sushi (not rolls, just rice and fish) as well as all you can eat tempura (including steak, chicken, veggies, shrimp, etc.) The pieces are small but you can order as much and as often as you'd like. Here's the catch.. you have to eat everything on your plate. I usually order way too much and try to hid remaining rolls in my salad, napkin, etc. (why am i admitting this). If you have extra rolls left over they will charge you an extra fee. Me and my high school friends used to make fun of the "sushi nazi" that owned the place. We made up stories about her hiding microphones in the soy sauce and watching us as we ate. She does kinda stare at you, though, I wasn't making that part up. There is also a limit to fancy rolls like eel. However, the limits must be made for sumo wrestlers cuz who can eat more than 20 pieces of anything. If you possibly have any room left try the tempura cheesecake. Either way, you must eat here if you like sushi. It will change the way you eat sushi in general and can easily convert non-believers. I love it!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2008,10/28/2008,1,6,7,8,10>Take a detour to downtown Miami.Separation anxiety might be hard for most of us beach bums, but the downtown scene has caught our eye with the rejuvenation of "indie chic" at The White Room. An urban environment--much like New York's Lower East Side--full of your unusual suspects from old school punkers to art aficionados, this spot draws a style sect that brings the hipster scene to Miami. Capture the effortlessly arrogant 'look' that only stove pipe jeans, Buddy Holly inspired glasses and limited edition Chuck Taylors can rock. With three distinct areas to match your mood, White Room delivers the goods with its open air courtyard, intimate "Red Room," and main lounge, all of which are complimented by a full bar (for the first-timers in need of a quick fix). From the Gorillaz to Ghostland Observatory, expect the best mix of music in Miami in the main lounge's DJ booth and stage area, which have seen the likes of downtown favorites like Unemployed Lloyd and Spam Allstars. Regroup in the chill zone--aka Courtyard--where private cabanas and plush white couches lend time to relax and refill on drinks (not to mention a hot spot for people watching). Or retreat to the Red room where dimmed rose-colored lights, lit candles, and black leather couches cater to a sexy and lounge-type vibe. Not sure what to wear? American Apparel is your one stop shop. A neon tee and skinny jeans should do the trick.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,6/2/2011,147,180,11,13,12>Dear Michele Bernstein,This is my ode to your brilliance. As if Michy's wasn't enough of a blessing, now we have a lunch spot that's as cute as a button and tasty as all get out. Bravo.Parked in the 3930 building's lobby, Crumb is as welcoming as its cushioned benches. The setup is simple, colorful and easy. Hop over to the counter and find yourself distracted by the selection of baked goods. Once you regain focus, order a lemonade and a sammy. I also hear the tortilla soup is devine. I stuck with a gooey grilled cheese on butter bread. And let me tell you, it was ooey gooey bliss. Cheese dripped out of my sammy. I loaded in some chips to help keep it in place (and for a crunch effect) and was loving every minute of it. To wash it down, I went for the previously mentioned lemonade. Tart, yes. Sweet, yes, making it a damn good glass of lemonade! For dessert, I went with a snickerdoodle cupcake. Layers of marshmallow held the cookie to the cupcake. It was thick and delish. If i had three wishes to share with Crumb, they'd be these: I wish the top layer of mallow was icing instead. I wish that Michele would put cream cheese and pepperjack cheese in the sammy (not that they need it, but man, that would be thrilling). I also wish she had a peanut butter and chocolate offering for dessert. But then again, maybe I'm glad she doesn't have that last one. God knows how many hours of yoga it would take to work that off.Upon leaving Crumb. my guests and I saw Michele and declared our love for her latest endeavor. Will I be back? As sure as the crumbs I left on my plate.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,6/1/2011,125,397,11,11,14>SO    MUCH   FUN!!!  Went here last night (Friday) with my mom after we were drawn in by the performances from the beach on the other side.  We had no idea of the kind of show we were in for.  During April Chanelle's performance, I noticed the rainbow flag and I was like there is NO way that's a man with all those curves.  Guess what?!   I was fooled!  All night long, the performances just kept getting better.  The show took place on the sidewalk between the tables and the performers were high energy and full of fun.  Victoria does Beyonce like no one else and girlfriend can do some things in heels that I've never even been able to pull off in my mind!  All of that dancing and she just kept moving as if she were doing it all in flip flops.  Let me not forget, the Friday night host, Latrice Royale, was hilarious and kept the crowd laughing their butts off!  Oh, and the DJ was on point, too!  Great music!  Of all of the places in SoBe, save your money because of all that I've seen, this is the only place that is worth it!  I cannot wait to go back!!!  And yes, to second Janelle's comment, it is a great spot for people watching.  Thurs-Sun, the show is ON at The Palace.  Every queen needs her palace and the crowd was loving the feel in this one!  Don't forget some ones for the hard-working, all-the-way-live performers!  It is SO worth it!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,5/31/2011,250,256,15,26,17>The emotions I felt when I took my little angel to the dog beach in Hollywood for the first time were overwhelming. Boundi and the other dogs ran, swam, played fetch, chased each other, and generally had the time of their lives, all free from leash restraint. The friendly dogs and people who shared the experience with us on this fall day smiled and laughed as we talked about our pets and threw tennis balls deep into the Atlantic. Everyone cleaned up after their pet(s) and our dog even cleaned up after some ungrateful beach goer, who had littered a plastic bag in the ocean. Ever the loyal retriever, Boundi brought the bag to our feet and we properly disposed of it.I like very much that they have a public official or park officer of some kind there on the sand to ensure everyone's safety, though it wasn't needed during my visit.For Miami Dade dog lovers who have visited the "dog beach" on Key Biscayne: DON'T! Don't ever go there again. I know we won't. Even though it's a bit of a drive to the Hollywood beach, the experience is more than worth it and the beach doesn't even compare to the dirty area on the causeway where they allow dogs in Miami.Bottom Line: This gorgeous beach is amazing just for human recreation, and allowing furry friends to share in the fun takes it to another fantastic level!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,5/30/2011,279,116,4,6,8>The food here is yay I'm a fan, but the outdoor bar is woohoo as good as it gets.  The bar scene was hip and trendy but not overly pretentious.  They serve 1 free appetizer of their choice per person during happy hour which is hit or miss.  They gave me a fried wonton/ravioli and it was delicious.  When I ate here they had a great promotion.  You paid for pizzas according to the time you ordered your food.  This could mean 12" pizza for $5.15.  I have tried the chicken and veal ragu both tasty.  Great place to go for drinks before the art walk or if you plan on partying in midtown.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,5/28/2011,504,281,5,10,8>After several more visits here and a few to their competitor, Paragon, I have to say that this is hands down my favorite theater to watch a movie at. The absolute best part about this theater is that it is 21+, although I do believe that they occasionally have matinée movies for kids as long as they are accompanied by an adult. However, that awesome fact is underscored by the other amazing qualities of this place.First off the seats are the comfiest ones around, you almost feel like you are in the comfort of your own home. Then the seat-side service ups the ante even more, although you need to make sure that you arrive early. I know, I know this is Miami and most of us barely make it on time much less early but trust me, this is worth it. You have a full menu from appetizers, entrées, dessert to wine, beer and mixed drinks. For a while, I found the food to be hit or miss but over the past few visits I feel they have stepped up the food and the service aspect. During my last visit here I was too full to order a meal since it was a late night showing and I had eaten before hand, however I did order a dessert and I am SO glad I did. At the recommendation of our server, we ordered the Crème brûlée. OOOOooooh mama, this little Crème brûlée trio was DI-VINE! I am picky when it comes to Crème brûlée because I feel so many places over do the brûlée and lose sight of the importance of the crème. I rolled each bite around on my tongue just so I could savor it's creamy wonder a little longer. MMMMmmmmmMMMM, next time I come here I will make sure to save some room for this. And I do plan on coming back SOON!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,5/27/2011,444,433,18,20,14>Kosher is my new favorite food! The pizzas looked pretty tasty but I opted for the "Shemburger." WOW! It was the best veggie burger I've ever had. EV-ER. The bun and the cheese were some kind of new, magical tastes that I haven't had before and all the veggie toppings including lettuce, onion and tomato tasted like they had been picked from a garden out back that very morning. My side of seasoned curly fries were hot, crispy & equally delicious. Oh, and I was probably a little too excited that they had root beer on tap (Barq's)! For dessert the boyfriend and I split a made-from-scratch cinnamon bun that puts Cinnabon to shame. The service was great - you put your order number on a stand on your table and this cool old dude that looks like Woody Allen delivers your food right to you. Can't wait to come back!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,5/26/2011,619,794,11,21,17>In an effort to try and avoid becoming one of those people on the TV show "Hoarders", as a general rule, each time I purchase new clothing items, I try and discard at least an equal amount of stuff from my closet and dresser drawers. Also, if I haven't worn something in at least a year and a half or two years, I figure that chances are I'm not going to wear it again and I remove those items as well, usually with the goal of donating them to charity. Though I'd driven past other "Out of the Closet" locations on Biscayne Blvd. and in Ft. Lauderdale, I never really knew what they were about until I read Carla L.'s review of this location. In the past, I'd always donated things to Goodwill, but the donation location closest to me always had limited hours. There are also donation bins at few nearby churches, but the ones I've seen specify that they'll only take donations of clothing and nothing else. When doing a bit of house cleaning recently, I found that I had lots of clothes to donate, but also some household items, decorative items and some electronics and other things that were hardly used but that I no longer needed. On a recent Sunday I was heading to a friends' house on the beach, I checked Out of the Closet's website and saw that they're open from 10a-6p on Sundays.  I drove past this place, the meter in front of their store was open, so I pulled in and took a few bags of items in to donate. This location is on Alton Road, about a block away from Lincoln Road. On this Sunday it was fairly busy. I dropped off my items and though I was in a bit of a hurry, it looked like they were selling pretty much anything one can imagine.  According to their website, they have trucks that they'll send to your home to pick up couches and furniture as well, which was great to know! As Carla mentions, this company uses the money they make from the sale of donated items to provide counseling and medical care to people who are ill and who couldn't otherwise afford medication and other needs. They also offer free HIV testing at each of their stores in Miami and Lauderdale, which is also funded by the sales they make in their thrift stores.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,5/25/2011,61,114,6,14,9>This is the best Japanese in South Florida.  Period.  I cannot wait to go back, again and again.  Such personalized service and the food... Wendy is as important as Kevin in this venture - she described everything so perfectly and when I started taking notes she offered to email the menu to us!  Such a hospitable team!  The sake's they offer are delicious and do pair well with the intricate components to your meal.  You can bring wine and corkage is $20-$25 per bottle.  This is NOT a sushi restaurant, you will try flavors and textures you didn't know existed so make sure you are an open minded eater.  There is no menu - you get a bento box to start with lots of little tastes of different things, then you move on to as many 'courses' as you like.  Each course is a piece of sushi and served with FRESH wasabi (the only place in Miami I have ever had this) and prepared so delicately the flavors just meld together.  From live scallop to soy sauce ice cream this place is amazing.  People, please go and keep them around! If you need a partner I am willing!  PS - sit at the bar and watch Kevin in action!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,5/24/2011,129,287,9,11,12>Color me BEYOND pleasantly surprised. The most recent addition to the downtown restaurant scene is an excellent little Japanese-inspired yakitori with plenty of sushi and prepared foods to boot.Although hidden away in the jewelry mall in downtown, this actually fits with what I've heard about these kinds of places in Manhattan.Last night we had several yakitori dishes, a couple sashimi plates, a monster maki sushi, and a couple other items that escape me at the moment (no comments on wine consumption from the peanut gallery...).The point being, it was all excellent, and the service was great too.Welcome to downtown, Little Lotus!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,5/23/2011,944,946,10,12,14>It seems like only yesterday that I was complaining about the lack of a great burger in Miami.  Now you can't turn a corner without running into a burger joint professing to have the best burger in town.  Add The Filling Station to that list.The Filling Station has everything going for it - low prices, plenty of seating, a competent wait staff - yet something's not quite on-the-money. I've been here a couple times for lunch and ordered the same thing both times - the Caddy burger with cheddar and bacon, medium-rare.  And maybe it's my mistake for liking a little extra pink in my burgers, but even medium-rare shouldn't be *that* pink.  Each time I've asked for BBQ sauce on the side and received a different type of sauce (all BBQ, but if you have a variety to choose from, why not offer it to me?).  The tots are clutch - crispy and not too greasy.On my most recent visit, we got "The Oil Pan" starter, which comes with an array of onion rings and fried pickles (even though we just requested fried pickles).  The pickles were spears, and even though I'm of the opinion that chips make for better frying, these were solidly breaded, and didn't succumb to the pickle juice.  Worthy effort, Filling Station.  Worthy effort indeed.I've only been for lunch during the work-week, so I haven't had a chance to sample their pretty vast selection of $4 beers.  But I have a feeling once I do (and maybe order my burger medium), this place will get jacked up a star.Prices are spot-on, service is good (pretty unheard of for the Downtown Miami lunch scene), and the seating is aplenty.  A winner on the scene.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,3/6/2012,255,530,12,9,10>I was compeled to come back again, day one was excellent, day two was even more different and mo' betta!An easy explanation for this pop up restaurant is the menu changes daily, hence a new restaurant everyday! And, it's tapas style, kind of.This time I had the Zucchini salad, it was so fresh and good, the only best single word I have for it was exceptional and plated beautifully. Next was the Eggplant with peanut miso with vanilla salt. I'm sold on it. So much so, I went to Fresh Market this morning, bought a vanilla bean and hawaiian sea salt to make it. All I can say is do this little trick to amp up flavors. I then had the Bone Marrow, once again exceptional and so was the Pork Tenderloin with Brussels Sprouts and Dr. Pepper reduction.What can I say I'm a glutton. I was doing so well on Weight Watchers too! Hell Bone Marrow alone is equal to 22 points.The staff is exceptional, they treat you like family, and like there family I'll be back again and again.These people are passionate about there food, we Yelpers should be passionate about there food too!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,3/5/2012,341,375,19,14,14>The Foreman delivered the fifth starThere is something about Pincho Factory that makes me eat like I'm heading to Ol' Sparky      I would never make myself two grilled cheese sandwiches and then decide to put a huge burger in between them     How Vane ate one of these after throwing down two other huge burgers to cement her status as Burger Queen would be unbelievable if I didn't see it with my own eyesOther good things? An assortment of different fries including the sweet variety that are nice and crispy and Beyonce-style upgradeable      You can choose like eight different sauces to dip them in. The sauces range from golden bbq and roasted garlic to a pink sauce that I heard is made from flamingo tears       The burgers get a lot of the love and rightfully so but don't forget about the Dogs and the meats on a stick that I haven't come around to trying just yet      Some microbrews and frozen drinks are there just in case you don't show up drunkYou know what's up when a guy leaves a place proudly rubbing his belly like he is expecting a child in three months
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,3/4/2012,566,440,18,21,20>Zucchini for miles, broccoli for days and beans galore! Don't forget more fresh fruit than most of us will see in a lifetime of trips to Publix and the sort. The Redland's Farmers Market is different from others I've visited for a few reasons. 1. It's not just tomatoes and onions like you find at other local markets, these folks have got fruit and veggies that I've had to ask for identification! 2. This market also has a very large flea market attached  -- I don't think I'll ever need to buy something here but hey, it's an option. 3. The smells of freshly prepared foods are enough to make you want to move down the street just so you can be there daily when the doors open. But wait, there's more! Not only does this market offer the freshest fruits and veggies this side of the Mason-Dixon line, it does so at a fraction of the cost of any local grocery store and even competes with the other local farmer's markets. Seriously, this place is dirt cheap! Pack up the car and drive south because this market is the real deal. Do not miss out on this local treasure!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,3/3/2012,100,59,4,8,6>From the guys (Andreas Schreiner, Jose Mendin, Sergio Navarro) that brought you Pubbelly, comes its new little piggy - Pubbelly Sushi!The place is trendy without being obnoxious, fantastically friendly service and kick ass food! Here's what we devoured and our favorites!Snacks:Tostones de Pana - hamachi ceviche, crispy breadfruit, cilantro & ginger soy (top fav)Shishito Peppers - raita, pine nuts, roasted red peppers, cumin saltRockshrimp Tempura - buffalo aioli, blue cheese, pickled carrots, ao nori (top fav)Rolls:Yellowtail - green soy paper, truffle yuzu, snow crab, nori flakesSashimi:Hamachi Jalapeño - lemon soy, cilantro, roasted poblanos (top fav)New England Style Buns:Spicy Tuna - frites & scallionsFried Clams - coleslaw & lemon (top fav)Dessert:Asian Style Creme Brûlée - (can't remember the ingredients, sorry!)Overall Success... another great reason to leave the main land and venture into the beach.PS Drool over the pics!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,3/2/2012,70,117,19,11,7>MAC & CHEESE.I'm so in love with Flip's Mac n Cheese that I'd buy it flowers.I'm so in love with Flip's Mac n Cheese that I'd introduce it to my mom.I'm so in love with Flip's Mac n Cheese that I'd travel around the world with it.I'm so in love with Flip's Mac n Cheese that I'd write a poem for it.I'm so in love with Flip's Mac n Cheese that I'd make a mix tape for it.I'm so in love with Flip's Mac n Cheese that I'd ask it how it's day went, and actually listen.I'm so in love with Flip's Mac n Cheese that I'd draw a portrait of it.I'm so in love with Flip's Mac n Cheese that I'd apologize for cheating on it with other food.Yea, it's a burger bar, and their burgers are wicked, but for the love of humanity, have their Macaroni and Cheese.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,3/1/2012,254,122,12,30,14>[Summary]All You can eat =  $22 for 'Main Items' and 'Side Items' sections on the menu , extra $5 for Beef ribs and extra $$ for 'Tapas'. Great for meat lovers and food is delicious. Killer Deep Fried Pork Belly![Detail]This place is not your typical All-You-Can-Eat place, it's a All-You-Can-Order-to-Eat-From-a-Section-of-the-­Menu-Except-The-Soup-and-Extra-$5-For-The-Beef-­Ribs place.Confused? Allow me to explain.First, take a look at the menu:rokrestaurant.com/images…The top has a section that says 'Korean BBQ' with $22 marked to the right, and right under it, 'Main Items' and 'Side Items'. You can order items in these sections over and over and over for $22... with exception of the Korean Miso Stew, which says one per order. (Between the two of us, they only brought us one. Not a big deal, since we want to fill our stomach with the Korean BBQ meat.)Oh, and EXTRA $5 per person, making it $27, if you want the Marinated Beef Ribs as part of the deal. Before you scream "It doesn't say that ANYWHERE on their menu online!" inside your head, take a look at this:yelp.com/biz_photos/0g_h…Yup, and you have to PAY EXTRA $ for everything in the 'Tapas Menu'.So after reading this confusing menu + we are the ONLY customers + all the employees seemed nervous as if never seen a customer in their lives, I decided to stay to eat their food instead of running out of the door. For Yelp!On to the food.First, came the Banchan:yelp.com/biz_photos/0g_h…The Banchan is pretty typical of what other local Korean restaurants are offering... except that golden bowl of soup. Intrigued, I asked the waiter what that is. Turns out it's a type of kimchee with daikon radish. You eat the daikon along with the juice. It's first time I had this interesting flavor and I kinda like it, YMMY however.Then comes the Korean Miso Stew and Scallion Salad.yelp.com/biz_photos/0g_h…The miso stew tastes nothing like the Japanese miso soup that you might be familiar with. It consists of tofu, pork, potatoes, onion, cucumber and... I can't taste the miso? Can't tell what spices are used. It's another new taste I've never had before. Hard to describe. I find it tasty, again, YMMY. As for the scallion salad, eat with the pork belly! (Keep reading.)Next up, Korean Wrap.yelp.com/biz_photos/0g_h…It's looks like spring rolls, but taste nothing like the ones you can get at Chinese/Vietnamese/Thai places. It's filled with beef and rice noodle with a very unique beefy flavor. . As for the taste.. let's just say I ate like 10 pieces! For the 3rd time tonight, another new taste! Finally, the BBQ!Marinated Porkyelp.com/biz_photos/0g_h…This is good, but it's not much different from all the other Korean restaurants.Marinated Beefyelp.com/biz_photos/0g_h…After I had this, it made me realize the Myunga's and Gabose's beef bulgogi are soaked in too much juice. The 'dry' version at ROK is soo much better in flavor and concentrated with the taste of beef!Pork Bellyyelp.com/biz_photos/0g_h…Deep fried big, thick chunks of bacon, enough said. I had 2 full plates of this on my own!  They are great with the sesame oil dipping sauce that came with, but out of this world if you eat with the scallion salad! The amazing thing is, I never ever get that greasy or grossed out feeling that you normally get with too much fried chicken or bacon.Marinate ChickenI skipped this to save room for the Pork Belly and Marinated Beef/Pork. Since normally this taste very much like Marinated Pork in most places, I just assumed the same. (Update: My friend tried this and told me this is way better than the pork, although similar seasonings, it's more tender and juicy.)And folks, that's their All-You-Can-Eat.Not a lot of customers besides us since this place is just opened a week ago, . Not a bad thing, since we got the full attention of everyone and they did a good job serving us. There were several other customers that came later around 9PM. Seems like it will be popular place for late nighters.All in all, it was a fun adventure, and for the amount of the food I ate, it's easily $35-$45 at most Korean restaurants around. $22 seems low all of the sudden!100% will go back again! After i lose some weight.. v_vUpdate: Found out you can order the marinated meats by plate if you don't want all-you-can-eat. Around $15+ per plate. Not mentioned in the menu.Update2: It's opposite side of street right across from Gabose and 100ft to the left of Oriental Mart.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,2/29/2012,108,179,10,12,13>Love this place. You probably have driven by it a million times. It is hole in the wall in a rather mundane and rundown strip mall.  But it packs a punch. To start, if you don't speak Hebrew or are new to Israeli food, this place can be intimidating. Put that to rest.  The owner, who practically lives there, and the staff will help you answer any question and with a smile. They talk about "home" here and they are true to their word. Had I not asked, I would not know the joys of Israeli hot sauce with my falafel or the mint infused lemonade. You start off with the server bringing you six or seven bowl of snacks, which range from various pickled delights to other vegetable treats. They also bring you a warm pita. Save that for hummus. Awesome. I have had only three dishes here. They have a tremendous beef soup. Warm, loaded with chucks of meat, and hearty.  The chicken pita sandwich is, in the words of a friend, "on lock down."  For me, the go to is the falafel.  The best around. Sorry Pita Plus. You are not even close. NOTE: There is no shwarma here so you have to go elsewhere if you want this.  They have a big menu and I should sample other things since everyone else does. This place is small and always busy but if I have to wait, which is not often, I usually get a table pretty fast. If you are reading this review, you already have found the grail.  Now go there but don't tell too many people.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,2/28/2012,211,141,7,15,11>Brand new sports bar in the Publix Shopping center.  There's a bit more to the menu than the typical neighborhood bar, with truffle oil and hollandaise sauce showing up here and there on the menu!It's a newly remodeled space, with a bar on one wall, and booths along the other, and a dozen flat-screens mounted on the walls.  I had a trio of sliders.  You can select any of the full-sized burger creations for your sliders, and I chose the Benedict Arnold, the B-B-Q and the Smoking Gun.The "B+B+Q" had Pub Grill BBQ sauce, bacon, cheddar and caramelized onions.  I don't know what is in the sauce, but it went well with the cheddar and onions, making for a rich and savory blend of flavors.The "Benedict Arnold" had an egg, Canadian bacon, white American cheese and dill hollandaise.  The full-sized egg on the mini burger made for over-the-top messy goodness.  I especially liked the combination with the sauce.The "Smoking Gun" had Gouda cheese and "truffle rose sauce." I think the sauce was a slightly tart version of a ketchup-mayo burger sauce with the addition of truffle oil.Talk about a "hat trick"!  All three were excellent.I also ordered some wings with the house Buffalo-style (there's also a BBQ) wing sauce.  This was a thin, piquant and spicy creation that I think was brushed on the wings before they were finished grilling.  The result was smokey, spicy deliciousness that was hard to pin down.  I know that there is garlic in there, but beyond that I'm not sure!  I liked it a lot.Some interesting sides I noted included truffle Mac 'n Cheese and Parmesan truffle fries.  For the veggies amongst us, there is a portobello "burger" and a couple of salads.Recommended for casual dining, and of course game-watching!  I'm going to be trying more of the menu as soon as possible.The sweet waitress Tina never missed a beat
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,2/27/2012,427,349,10,10,9>Never. Having. Starbucks. Again. Yeah, I said it. Suck it Starbucks. I know I've been a frequent Starbucks visitor- you all have the reviews to prove it- but that's no longer the case my friends. Sure it took me forevs to find this place (seeing as I'm terrible at directions= my fault) but for those of you out there like me, just look for the green strip mall. Entering this place continues on the green trend but once I entered, I instantly felt relaxed. Even given that the place was surrounded by FIU hipsters or FIU faculty/administration, it was still cool as a cucumber (also green).The line was pretty long but I waited it out since all my fellow yelpers just raved about this place. Finally my turn, I was greeted by such a nice young chap it was a shocker he was so nice (we're in Miami bi*ch). I ordered the Vanilla Joe with a regular Chocolate Chip cookie. Simple right? No. Downright amazing. The Vanilla Joe was so freakin' good (thanks Sarah B.!) and the Chocolate Chip cookie was perfect- chewy inside/center with a bit of crunch on the outside. My kinda cookie. Yes, the hours aren't great. Meh. The space isn't big either but that's good as I don't need more people finding out about this gem. You guys can keep a secret right?
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,2/26/2012,298,503,8,14,14>I pretty much grew up going to the Fontainebleau as a child. Weekends were spent here as guests or renting cabanas during most summer months. I really mourned the tearing down of some it's iconic features like the main pool cascading rocks and the gigantic mural off Collins. I entered the hotel with great hesitation knowing that everything I knew would be gone.First up, the valet area. I was surprised to see that they left the outside pretty much untouched. Not sure they changed much of the doors, gold accents and rails did they? Other than converting the tennis courts and old "spa" tower, the rest looked the same from the outside. The lobby is now open, grand and BLUE...or is that BLEAU? with a bar taking center stage of the lobby. (Beware of the large crowds in the lobby on Saturday nights attempting to get into the nightclubs) I quickly made myself get over that this was just going to be all different. It wasn't looking too bad anyway. I wanted to hate it but couldn't. While there I was able to dine at all of the restaurants (except Vida) and enjoy the pool area as well. (even if I had to tip the pool guy extra to find me a pair of elusive beach chairs late in the afternoon) I will say that I think the old pool area was more "tropical" and fitting of classic Miami. You just knew the tiki with the reggae bands would be there as you sipped the classic and delicious piña coladas.  I can admit that the allure of the "1990 to today SoBe" madness perhaps needs the pool area that is there today because it's what the world expects: All stark and white. It's not bad. I just can't help but feel like I was in the Miami Beach that everyone else now considers to be just "SOBE" and not the Miami Beach that is home to me (this hotel is not even in SOBE!) but I digress...Service all over the hotel was great! The restaurants were easy to fall in love with especially Hakkasan. I have reviewed those here:Hakkasanyelp.com/biz/hakkasan-mi…Scarpettayelp.com/biz/scarpetta-m…Gotham Steakyelp.com/biz/gotham-stea…I was lucky to stay in a one bedroom suite in the Chateau building. The room was beautiful, spacious and with more than enough amenities including an Apple computer! The decor is beautiful. Yes, it's stark in most public areas,but  the interior corridors and rooms do not reflect any coldness. To summarize I will say that you have to stay here at least once in your lifetime. Regardless of how nostalgic I feel about this new version of the Fontainebleau, it is still a top notch hotel. Just know that it is huge. There will usually be a ton of people everywhere and it is very pricey. It has 6 pools including a cute beach entry kiddie one with a slide. There are guards on weekends at several check points making sure everyone there is a hotel guest and asking to see your key. The restaurants like I said are all great so you can actually stay and dine on the premises if you don't feel like leaving. But, make sure you make reservations as most of these restaurants are sought after by locals as well. The back of the hotel faces the boardwalk which takes you all the way to South Beach if you wanted to walk/run it all the way. The boardwalk is one of my favorite places on earth! Thankfully THAT has not been renovated too drastically.The location of the hotel is ideal. Easy accessible via 95 from the airport. It is minutes from South Beach or even the Design District. Infinite possibilities abound! Not sure if it's new and "improved" but it is certainly a Miami Beach icon. Miami Beach has a lot of nice places to stay but there is no other like the Fontainebleau ;a giant with great roots!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,2/15/2012,229,492,11,12,12>I really was avoiding this place at all costs. I had been invited by friends before and nothing really appealed, yeah it's cheap and yeah it's a tucked away hidden gem - but it's just a bar, right?No - Wetlab is more than that. It is a gorgeous view of Key Biscayne, something you can't really pay less to see anywhere else. It's a collection of interesting people, students, tourists, dogs, friends, drunks, etc. It's kind of like a VIP hidden location that someone has to guide you to in order for you to find it. And it's just so laidback and relaxing. Nothing pretentious, nothing to show off for and dress up, just here to have a good time and unwind.And the biggest perk of all, they are VERY generous with their liquor. Plastic cups come in the large size only and at the extremely reasonable price of $3 for yes, cocktails! Mojitos for $3, fruity drinks for $3, vodka cranberry for $3, there is not one other place I can think of in Miami that has such spectacular prices, and its even better cause it's right on the water. This is one of the places that definitely makes me appreciate Miami even more.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,2/14/2012,675,517,9,11,10>Totally impressed with this bar. Funny I've been to midtown so many times and it never occurred to check this place out. Thankfully I found out a local band by the name of Arboles Libres was playing and gladly attended. Loved the decor, modern and chic. Great laidback crowd, good staff and affordable drinks. No cover!This place is a great addition to the Midtown area and will def see more of me in the future.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,2/13/2012,133,114,10,11,9>How am I JUST now discovering this gem?One of my voice students is a super-talented Colombian soprano, composer and trumpeter. She joined me and two other singing friends for my first visit to La Moon.  I think the best review of this place came from her lips after we devoured two Supermoon perros...."this is home".It was indeed a luxury to have a native at the table as we sampled the delicious menu at La Moon. The location, awkwardly (but awesomely) located under the metro on 8th St. is extremely inviting and staffed, during our visit, with a friendly, knowledgeable and welcoming staff.Let's get down to these perros. Unless you are completely overwhelmed by a messy hot dog, the Supermoon perro is a MUST. This delicious edible canine beast was served up on a fresh bun topped with chorizo, bacon, potato sticks, FIVE sauces and, my favorite, a boiled, perfectly salted quail egg. Confession: my friend and I ate two of them. That's right. Total fatties.My other pals indulged in some arepas and a plate of their steaming hot fettuccine. Though the Supermoon perro was the obvious headliner of the event, I am pleased to report that La Moon offered me the opportunity to learn about refajo...a refreshing mix of Colombiana soda and beer. You won't see it on the menu, but ask for a pitcher and they will whip it up for you. It was the perfect balance to the fatty salty goodness of the perros.I can't wait to return and introduce people to this place. Any hot dog lover needs to hurry down to this amazing place and dive in. This cow jumped over la Moon.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,2/12/2012,836,552,9,12,13>Did someone say 'Cafe'?!?I love coffee and, with all the amazing reviews Cafeina has for their Cafe con Leche Martini, I had to go try it ASAP.We arrived around 9pm, earlier than our usual 'going out' time but, gave us the opportunity to enjoy the place, mostly to ourselves for a while, and look around.  We chose to sit outside.  Really nice set up, several tables with sofas (careful with these ones - they're a bit low, may take some by surprise when sitting too fast - funny).  Our server was amazing, very attentive and quick.  We did not have an empty glass at any point of the night, and our  food did not take long at all.So, about those Cafe con Leche Martinis...  Absolutely amazing!  You definitely have to try it, one sip, you'll love it!  Food is pretty good too.  I tried their Truffle Fries, a bit oily but good taste, specially the cilantro truffle mayo sauce it comes with.  Also tried the Salchi Papa which surprisingly wasn't too greasy - I was happy with that.  Oh! And their Mojitos, one of the best I've had.After a while we moved inside, cool decor.  DJ overseeing the bar and floor.  Music is great, not a bad song all night.  Once there, make sure to check out the gallery on the next room.  Cool art, and quieter place to talk for a bit before heading back to get another amazing drink.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,2/11/2012,183,210,12,8,8>Much like the continuum transfunctioner, the mystery of Coral Castle is exceeded only by its power.This is Florida kitsch at its finest. Hard to explain, even harder to understand, just take the family or friends out here and prepare to be blown away by the seemingly supernatural feat of engineering.Note: Coral Castle should never be confused with NPR's Carl Kassel. Trust me, it's embarrassing to travel all the way to Mr Kassel's home only to find there's no castle.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,2/10/2012,361,368,10,9,10>A Fort Lauderdale Original. Bahia Cabana, if this tiki hut could talk boy the stories that could be told...lol Dive all the way with it's water view and eccentric staff and customers. The food is good but not outstanding. We had the conch fritters, ribs, fries. and a bacon cheese burger along with some beers. The only thing I tried were the ribs and the fries which weren't bad. The menu says the ribs were voted best in Ft. Lauderdale. When I asked what year? I was told, I have no idea...lol. At least they are honest.The ribs were tender and the sauce was good (see pic), but not the best in Ft. Lauderdale. The fries were ok. My wife ate the conch fitters, but I didn't heard any wooo or ahhhs from her. My daughter got the cheese burger and she liked it. The beer was nice and cold and thank god because it was scorching hot outside. The main reason you should go here is the view, vibe, libations, and excellent wait staff. If I came down to Lauderdale on vacation, I would definitely make a stop here because it's a throw back to the old spring break days. I do think the parking situation blows because you have to valet park. As long as you eat/drink it's free, but you still need to tip. Nothing is really free now is it..lol. Also part of the charm to this place is that it is a true shack that looks alittle tired and may need a good remodeling. As we waited for our check my son asked what area or other restaurant does Bahia Cabana remind me of? I thought for a second and my answer was simple, it reminds me of Ft. Lauderdale and Bahia Cabana. Remember to tell the Dan sent you and Stay Hungry!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,2/9/2012,697,2029,19,20,13>Flat out, it's a gay male strip joint, and as such the best I've ever seen. The "professional dancers," as I understand they prefer to be called, do go all the way, as in stripping right down to the nude, except for maybe the shoes. So for all those gays, except maybe those with a foot fetish and for girls into ogling nude male bodies with certain appendages exposed and freely "swinging" about, this is the place for you. I don't think there's the a place around where I've seen more one dollar bills seemingly appear out of nowhere and then disappear back in nowhere then reappear again. Like, since I only had a Grant ($50) on me, handed it to the bartender in payment of a nine dollar drink, I naturally received forty one, one dollar bills back in change.Besides the fact that dancers go all the way, which is why I had to give the place my five star seal of approval, they also surprisingly serve a decent drink. That and that the place is big, clean, with decent light and obviously well organized and well run. Sorry, I didn't add any photos to this review for fear of washing up certain Senatorial, other political, ministerial or religious careers; as is so often the case for those exposed.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,2/8/2012,223,142,17,20,16>J Tokyo formerly known as Cafe Tokyo is the new kid on the block at the Kendall Breeze Plaza. New location, but same staff and most importantly, same food and same prices. I was bordering on obsessed with Cafe Tokyo when they were open at Town and Country. I would visit that location at least once a week. When the co-owner let me know they were closing down I was bummed. Cafe Tokyo held a special place in my heart. She took down my information and told me she'd let me know when they re-open at a different location. My friends and I waited patiently and I finally got that email yesterday. I jumped for joy, literally, I jumped.A few of my friends and I made plans to check them out tonight. As I walked in I prayed that not much had not changed. I saw the familiar faces who greeted me with warm smiles. I was in sushi heaven! I skipped over to Yoko and hugged her, thanked her for making my week. She sat us down and brought us over wine (it was free, a special I am assuming they had since they just opened) and some sushi pieces to munch on while we waited for our other friend. See, this is the kind of service you get at J Tokyo but I am always surprised at how great they are!When our friend arrived we placed orders:- ceviche roll- caterpillar roll- Mexican roll- JB roll- Conch appetizer- Eel with riceFood came out fairly quick and it was just as delicious as I had remembered it to be. I would even say they've gotten much better. After eating like maniacs we discussed dessert options but decided not to be gluttons. For those of you who worry about prices at sushi restaurants, you're looking between $6.00-$14.00 per roll, the fancier rolls cost more. But they have amazing lunch and dinner specials and a miso soup is only $2.00. After another round of wine we said our goodbye's and see you real soon to the staff and left feeling happy and satisfied. My fiancé kept raving about how fresh and delicious everything was. I just smiled and nodded. This wasn't news to me. I've been to a lot of sushi places but no one has beaten J Tokyo (formerly known as Cafe Tokyo) in prices, service and food. They ARE the best Sushi restaurant I have ever been to.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,2/7/2012,221,253,11,12,10>"Don't be a savage", were the words ringing in my head with each bite of my entire meal at Catharsis.Starting with the Compote Butter & Bread service.  Excuse my (non)French but i just want to put that sh!t on EVERYTHING!  Garlicky goodness - heart attack from overuse, be damned!  The sight of it melting into the warm bread it's served with is just...  *dreamy sigh*The Shrimp & Corvina Ceviche...  From first bite to last drop:  "MMMM" accompanied by exaggerated eyeroll of pure bliss.The 3-Hour Braised Short Rib....  I wanted to MAUL that plate!  One of the most delicious items I have eaten at a restaurant in quite a while.  The meat is some of the most tender and juicy and the flavor literally draws water from the sides of your mouth.  It's served with a Creamy Polenta that is perfectly everything "-y": creamy, buttery, cheesy.From the exterior, I didn't know what to expect as far as decor but I was impressed by the vision executed inside the space.  From the curved walls to the performance stage, dim uber-romantic lighting and classic place-settings.  The perfect place for an intimate dinner.I couldn't fit dessert but I can't wait to go back to try the dulce de leche crepes.  Why?  Because Marcello, one of the mangers, made it and all of the other desserts sound SO scrumptious.  In fact, he and the rest of the staff provided the best service around.  There wasn't a question about the menu that they couldn't answer and were so eager to please, which really added to the endearing quality of this restaurant.For an overall experience that is more than worth the money, Catharsis is the place to try.  I cannot wait to return!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,2/6/2012,420,662,35,42,56>Before I met Miami, my life was a series of mercurial moves. I was a wanderer; a gypsy; always fleeing in earnest from one city to another. A "rambling (wo)man", so to speak. In the words of Hank Williams, "Some folks may say that I'm no good/That I wouldn't settle down if I could/But when that open road starts to calling me/There's something o'er that hill that I gotta see." That was me. From Honolulu to Laramie and New York City to Napa; from Dallas to Washington, DC and Panama City Beach to Hollywood: my nomadic nature led me from one new city to another; free to begin anew, alone and unhindered. Relationships were ended. Furniture was given away. Friends were left behind. Jobs were quit. After nine months or so in a new place, the familiar feelings of discontent would roll in like the tide and I'd be planning my next escape.Then, I met the Magic City, and everything changed. When lining up my last move, there were three things I was looking for in a new residence: warm weather, close proximity to the ocean, and the glitz, glamour and convenience of a big city. I knew little of Miami, but it fit the bill. So we packed up our belongings and drove down to paradise. How could I not fall madly in love when welcomed by balmy breezes, lofty palms and the limpid waters of our Atlantic Ocean? Needless to say, I did.But one challenge remained. Working from home, how would I, a notoriously social person, meet others like myself? Enter Yelp. Enter the most incredible assortment of open-armed envoys. Through years of wild UYEs, elite excursions and random nights out, the Yelp crew has become my family. We're a tribe of explorers; groundbreakers; locals looking to soak up the communal culture of this incredible city. Together, we've pounded pavement across South Florida and discovered hidden treasures at every turn. So, as a self-appointed ambassador for both Yelp and Miami, I extol the virtues of both to everyone I meet. And as I wax poetic about my two favorite topics, I never fail to mention that almost all my friends (and lucky me, there are many) I met either through Yelp, or through someone I met on Yelp. How can I ever express my gratitude to this community? To the people and the city who've adopted me as their own? To say thank you seems so small. And when it comes to my metropolis, I can't say enough. Besides the unsurpassed physical beauty that surrounds this sexy city, we enjoy a reasonable cost of living with all the benefits of life in the fast lane.We wear flip flops in December. We travel by boat. We spend afternoons in the Bahamas and weekends in the Keys. We eat the creations of culinary impressarios. We drink cortaditos and craft beer. We have first class access to artistic wonders. We enjoy the best of bueno, bonito y barato. We sip cocktails on waterfront patios. We sit at sidewalk cafes and shamelessly people-watch. We pick mangos from trees. There's no place like it. Trust me, I would know. :)My roots have grown into the swampy soil of the Magic City, and I'll never pull them up. I'm home. So while I'll always be a traveler, I'm a wanderer no more.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,12/11/2010,64,88,4,5,5>Came here a few times with friends.  Once to have a one on one conversation with a friend on sensitive subjects, and another time to hang out with friends before heading out on a big trip.  Le Cafe Pop was able to successfully accommodate to the needs of both dining experiences and provide good food and drink at reasonable (by Grove standard) prices.  Tuesday night Mussels is a great deal, and the mussels just keep coming! They serve them up with fries, which normally I would think are just filler to keep you from eating more Mussels, but the fries are really good and freshly made too!My only "bad' experience was ordering of the daily specials menu once, and being told they were "out' of the daily special when it was still relatively early in the evening! Still it didn't detract me from ordering another equally delicious item from the regular menu.  The dessert choices  seem uninspired when you look at the menu, but when the dessert actually comes out it is actually very, very good.  For example, I ordered the Tarte Tatin "apple pie" dessert, which actually turned out to be an honest to goodness Tarte Tatin, not just a regular apple pie!  Try this place out. I like it much better than all the other french options in the grove.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,12/10/2010,337,332,6,9,8>The Globe: Last night was a good friend's 30th birthday. She reserved the back room for her birthday celebration. Let me tell you, what a great space! Wooden floors, flat screen TV, and private inside bar. On normal nights, there are tables in there and it serves like a VIP section. She was able to maximize the space and make it hers for the evening. We were even able to bring in a laptop/ipod and connect to have our very own music selections inside the room, regardless of what was going on outside. Kudos for that! In the main room, there was a live jazz band and then soft jazz music playing throughout the night. The main room people didn't seem to mind our party music and vice-versa. This was a great event and made for a memorable evening. One con was the inside bar service. The bartender was very slow and didn't seem as if she wanted to be there. I have read your recent reviews and most patrons complain about service. That is the one thing that made this evening difficult. A quick and attentive bartender would have made all the difference. Other than that, this room provided us with a great space and a great time for celebrating!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,12/9/2010,85,48,8,10,9>If you don't have fun here you must be boring-We had the best time! OPA saved my parent's vacation visit!After taking them all around Miami, we needed to break free, relax and have some fun, since they were leaving the next day. So I thought: OPA! It's not snobby, the food is great and service is friendly- especially because they get you in the mood to enjoy your time there. So my mom is into her rebellious stage in life, with all the kids out the house, she lets loose, and boy does she work it! After a few glasses of wine, our waiter took her hand and swooped her up to dance...on the table! Napkins flying, music blasting, beautiful bellydancers making you want to shake that thang....can my mom and dad handle it?! Oooh Yeah! I haven't seen them laugh and smile like that in a Looooooong time!If you're into the food-which is delicious Greek/Mediterranean style-arrive around 7 to have a more mellow feast. The Kebabs are juicy, flavorful and big-portioned. My dad ate the Quail, which he left nothing but the bones on the plate (I guess that means it was Goooooooood!). The Bellydancers arrive around 8 or so, and the music and napkin flying does too! After that, you can't really talk to your neighbor due to the noise, but that's the beauty of it...Be sure to join the Greek dancing line (they grab random people to do a restaurant-wide conga line, so jump in) Don't be shy and just go with the flow. Great for family in town, Ladies night, and I saw a few people on dates - so practice your bellydancing and take a shot of Ouzo! Trust me, this place is 100% fun energy.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,12/8/2010,28,94,5,5,8>Yes Pasta! is most definitely a yes for me. I've been there a couple times now and have really enjoyed it. Trendy, modern decor and great service. Not only do they offer wheat pasta as an option (so few places do), but the food tastes fresh and is delicious. You choose your type of pasta (fettucini, linguini, rigatoni, penne, angel hair, spaghetti, etc.) then choose from 18 sauces that all sound pretty good. The carbonara and pesto sauces are good and there are so many I'm looking forward to trying on my next visit. You can add chicken, meat, shrimp, fish, etc. if you'd like as well. Very reasonably priced. Yes, the pasta is good, but the standout for me was the Portofino Salad. That was one bowl of delicious. Grilled tuna with cherry tomatoes and bushels of hearts of palm on top of mixed greens. The clincher is the soya dressing which is just the right balance of creamy and light. Simply perfect.I'll definitely be back to try more sauces and more salads. I had a taste of the vegetable panini and that was pretty good too. Can't wait to discover all the hidden treasures of Yes Pasta!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2009,12/7/2010,341,375,13,10,11>This is another one of those places that if it was located in some "cool" spot instead of time warped Miami Springs, it would have over fifty reviews and it would be covered in sex juices due to all the people loving itHarvest is set in an old service station and has covered outdoor seating with plants and fans so it stays cool    As their website says, the food is "healthy and fresh, where the finest of ingredients are selected and served in the form of soups, salads, sandwiches, and daily specials. The husband and wife team welcome you as if you were family. Your food is prepared to order with passion, love, creativity, and served up with a smile. After tasting the food, you will be already contemplating your next visit."  all that with nothing over $8.25They are not lying
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,12/5/2010,904,1293,10,10,10>I pass by every day, as I wait for the light to change I admire the AWESOME Fossils in the window, and also am amazed at the hand carved jade grandfather clock.So finally I break down and come inside because I need some stones for .. well... i just need some stones .  For a geek like me it has some crazy cool things inside, and I must say the carved seats are just gorgeous.  I would also totally grab one of those fossils if it didn't take up my whole living, dining and kitchen area.Yes, I got my stones.  Hello, my name is Carla and I am a geek.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,12/4/2010,115,143,2,5,3>Once an empty lot along Bird Road now transformed into a foodie's fantasy. This area is now an evening destination for several of the most popular Miami Food Trucks. A rather large parking lot with sufficient space to turn this barren lot into a carnival atmosphere of hungry customers. On Tuesday evening La Camaronera's Fish Box, Sakaya's Dim Sum A-Go-Go, Latin Burger, and the newcomer gelato truck Dolci Peccati we out and very busy with nonstop lines at each of their trucks. When these mobile restaurants get together something special happens, it takes the dining experience out of the commercial box and returns the fun of eating back to the community. Other trucks that are rumored to become frequent visitors are CheeseMe Mobile, Jefe's Original, Grill Master Cafe and Sweetness' SugarRush. Support local food!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,12/3/2010,73,85,3,7,6>W Wine Bistro is near and dear to my heart because it was the location of my first date with my boyfriend over a year ago. Before that first date, I took one of my girl friends here on a dateless Valentine's Day, and we had a great time. This restaurant is tucked away off in the Design District, (as other reviewers have reported) it doesn't seem like much from the outside, but once you step inside, W Wine Bistro is purely romantic, intimate, and inviting.  The manager and staff are friendly and attentive without being overbearing.  The wine selection leaves nothing to be desired and there are great specials, and on Wednesday there's no corkage fee on wine bought in-house.  Now, for the bistro, the food is completely craveable.  On my first date, I had sea bass that was cooked perfectly, and a bottle of rose.  With my friend J.C., I shared the polenta and chorizo appetizer (we cleaned the plate), paired with a bottle of red wine (I don't recall the variety).  I'd definitely recommend this place for a romantic date or a delicious meal and bottle of wine with a friend; it's a little known Miami jewel that I wouldn't want to keep to myself.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,12/2/2010,150,71,5,10,9>You're probably wondering who would review the Caleb??? But there is sooooo much in this building! The Bible says that we die for a lack of knowledge.. Well there's enough information in this building to give you some type of life! Depending on your zip code this build has EVERYTHING for you! From food stamps to assistance with home ownership! I've gone when I was unemployed and found programs to pay my rent, light bill, cash assistance and food stamps! I'm going now to work on home ownership. PEOPLE If you are ever in the Caleb area, stop by! Sometimes they have booths and vendors selling everything from perfume and body oil to oxtails with peas and rice. Either way.. you should check it out. Technically the building is funded by your tax dollars anyway. You might as well see what your money is doing.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,12/1/2010,165,258,15,9,10>I love this spot, and it leaves me wishing two things:1.  That I could have seen it before its rebirth to appreciate even more what it is now.2.  That Portofino would somehow disappear from view.  (Is this truly not the ugliest building in Miami, if not the world?  It's like Darth Vader mated with a Howard Johnson's.  Seriously, what were the architects thinking?  I pity the people in Apogee who look upon it.  Imagine paying all that money only to see a giant peach-colored penis every day.)That aside, the location and grounds are perfect.  The people are happy.  The dogs are well-behaved.  I think I heard angels singing at one point.  (They were actually singing something about Portofino being destroyed, but that's another story altogether.)
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,6/23/2012,31,99,5,6,5>I ate my plate clean, left no survivors not even a piece of garnish.  I'm a big fan of Provencal French cuisine having lived in Nice and this place reminds me of those cozy little restaurants in Antibe that offer a limited selection on the menu but everything on it tastes spectacular.Wine is very reasonable priced at 6$-9$ per glass but even the 6$ glasses were decent wine.  They have a tapas type menu with cheese and small plates that we didn't get a chance to try  but they gave everyone a taste of their olive crostinis, the crushed green and black olive were very good.Most places, the appetizers are fantastic but the entrees are mediocre but the entres at La Cigale just knocked our socks off.  The boeuf bourguignon, melt in your mouth beef tenderloins cooked to perfection with finger carrots in the perfect red wine sauce.  You can pick your own sides and I picked mashed potatoes which were an ecstasy on its own.  Hand smashed, with small chunks of potatoes still in tact, buttery and o so tasty.  The 2 are made for each other, I almost licked my plate clean.  We also had the Swai, a white fish pan seared with just salt, pepper, and lemon served on top of Ratatouille.  The fish had a slight crunch on the outside but was fresh and simple, it didn't need anything extravagant.  The ratatouille, you can taste the hours of simmering the taste of the vegetables just aromatic in every bite.  Although we didn't get to try the onion soup, we heard the other tables melting over how delicious it was so we'll definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.  In the mean time, find yourself over to this little gem and give them a try!  The prices are very reasonable - entrees are between 15$ to 25$, great place for a weekend date night!  Note on parking: they share a parking with Chop shop but have a few reserved spaces in the private lot.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,6/22/2012,22,189,6,12,8>"El que parte y reparte le toca la mejor parte."What do you do when a reporter calls you out of the blue and interviews you for being the best Indian cook in the city? You make it a career.It can be a bit of a mission getting a spot in one of Ayesha's classes, and yes it's a bit out of the way, and to some, like me, a bit pricy, but very, very, well worth the investment.From the moment she opens the door, you are greeted with an ear-to-ear smile, the kind you get when you see an old friend's after a long time, a friend who just happens to good incredibly delicious food.You are encouraged to sit in the living room, again, like a friend, while the rest of the guests arrive. Everything is neatly arranged on the table (just the way I like it); recipe packets, chairs and class schedules. The class began with an introduction to spices and their benefits, then transitioned directly into cooking. In an hour and a half we made 6 different dishes; Butter Chicken, Basmati spice rice, flatbread, seasoned potatoes, cucumber salad and a scrumptious arroz con leche-like dessert made of vermicelli noodles. The small class allows for a very homey feel, and conversation flows very well. I met some very nice people and got to enjoy a meal (the class includes a sit-down meal to try everything you just made) in a beautiful setting, one hundred times better than a restaurant. The only regret I have was not eating more for fear of looking like a "fat-ass." I could have easily had more servings.For those not-so-avid cooks, Ayesha also caters and offers private hands-on classes for a minimum of 9 people.The only thing I would say that made me uneasy was all the things she tried to sell us. On the one hand it's good, she has all the tools and spices we need to do these things at home, but I just wish she would save it for the end, it's something that took away from the overall experience. With that in mind, I suggest you take some extra cash, just in case you DO decide to buy something. I took home some spices, including her own blend of garam masala.As a testament to the experience, I have told everyone I know of the amazing time I had in this class. I have also made them countless times for family and friends, including for my own birthday celebration and have never received a bad review, always smiles. Ayesha, thank you for becoming my Butter Chicken guru.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,6/21/2012,65,268,6,8,9>I can't believe I waited so long to try this place- it is awesome!!!! Who doesn't love ice cream and delicious, creamy to say the least.  You can find Azucar in the heart of little havana, you can't miss it with their huge colorful ice cream cone outside the store.  I parked around the corner (a little scary at night) and walked in about 15 mins before closing to a worker jamming to some awesome tunes. He was in a cheerful mood and happy to serve us.  He offered samples to try which was nice.  He told us what the most wanted flavor was and that is what I went with.  I had the famous Abuela Maria. Vanilla ice cream mixed with bright jewels of ruby red guava, rich cream cheese and crispy & sweet galletas Maria... a Cuban Classic. It was out of this world delicious!!!    We sat around enjoying the music, checking out the other flavors and asked the worker a few questions.  All flavors are made at the store. The owner comes up with them, tries them out and bam you Chocolate and Guiness, Abuela Maria, Café con Leche (Cuban Coffee & Oreos), Domino (Oreo Cookies 'n' Cream), El Mani Loco (Crazy Peanut), Mantecado (Cuban Vanilla), Platano Maduro (Sweet Plantain), Willy Cherrino (Double Cherry), Elvis (Peanut Butter 'n' Banana), Beam Me Up (Bourbon-Heath Bar), Dulce de Leche (Caramel), Roasted Marshmallow S'mores, Sirimba, Guinness-Chocolate, Key Lime Pie, Lemon Basil, Caramel Flan, Coconut Flan, Rum Cake with Walnuts and other seasonal flavors I will run out of space listing.  There is one that caught my attention and I may go back to try the plantanos maduros sundae with dulce leche ice cream and caramel (WOW). I took a mantecado home and had it the next day and spot on delicious!! I hope this place sticks around for a longgggggg time cause it's great. Great atmosphere, great service, delicious ice cream!!!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,6/20/2012,323,315,10,18,13>Delicious and unique fruits+knowledgeable tour guides+a different way to spend a few hours in Miami=Fruit and Spice ParkIt doesn't take a mathematical genius to realize that Fruit and Spice park offers a winning combination of choices and an interesting alternative to your usual Miami stops.  For years I would go berry picking at Knaus and tell myself that "one of these days" I'd make it over to Fruit and Spice park.  Many weekends a year they have fun festivals and events, but even on an off weekend I'd heard you could spend some time wandering around the massive grounds.  Be warned that it may not look as lush or well landscaped as you would expect, antithetically, the rich diversity of plants and trees each has their own confined areas.     The grounds are divided up by country and you can walk from tree to bush reading about what they have to offer, and even take fruit that has fallen off the trees.  We arrived on a rather humid Florida day and immediately decided that the bets way for us to see everything would be one of their tours, offered pretty frequently throughout the day.  Apart from the already endearing fact that our guide was entertaining and full of knowledge, he would also kindly forage in the sweltering heat, bringing everyone on the little tram different leaves to smell and fruits to try so we could sit comfortably in the shade.  He was sagacious in finding the most ripe offerings of the season, even going out of his way to tell us the best way to eat them.  In addition to the more banal offerings like dragonfruit and bananas (although I did try new varieties I had never seen before), I fell in love with the grainy custard apples and experienced the uniqueness of miracle berries (upon consuming alters your taste buds so even a lime tastes like a sweet orange).  Furthermore, from the little berries from Jamaica that tasted like cotton candy to the brown-sugary, pear taste of sapodilla, I really enjoyed the exposure to such a diverse offering of fruits I had never even heard of!      Inside the main shop too you could further sample the park's fresh fruits, including a long green slug look-a-like that tasted like kiwis and a chocolately black sapote.  Since what you can try is based on what time of year it is, you could have a completely different experience in the summer and the winter, with a different assortment of samplings.  Really a nice way to explore the botanical options available to people across the world, and to enjoy some really scrumptious fruits!  Would be great for kids, but is also gratifying for adults!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,6/19/2012,133,114,10,11,8>Located in a gorgeous Design District  building which once housed a Post Office built in the 1920's, Sra. Martinez offers a menu, ambiance, service, creativity and vibe which will leave you licking more than your stamps.My Yelping pal, Anthony C. and I both had Sra.M on our to-do list and finally decided to go as part of an extended celebration of my birthday and to consider their generous Miami Spice menu.Their full menu offers an amazing selection of fresh (their billing) tapas and the "Spice" menu was wonderfully representative of all of the offerings. By going with the Spice menu, we were able to have a total of eight plates which we shared...and scraped...and looked sadly upon because they were empty.Having made our reservation on Open Table, we arrived just before the reserved time and were greeted by the super-kind David as family. This comforting and intelligent service continued at the bar for our pre-dinner cocktail, and to our table, where we received stellar service from Samantha. In fact, this was more than service. She was our tour guide as we went on Sra. M's tapas safari.At the upstairs bar we both enjoyed a "Melon Crush" ( Zu Vodka, St. Germain, Compressed Watermelon, Vanilla Syrup, Lemon Juice), a delicious, mid-August drink which got us in the mood for what turned out to be a near-perfect meal at what may have been the best table in the restaurant. We perched ourselves into our table for two, located on the second floor, in the center against the glass partition and with full view of all of the hotties below. From there, we could view the open plating area where I could see our first dish, the octopus carpaccio, plated.Simple and, yes, fresh, the octopus was brought to life with lemon and some extremely (in a fantastic way) salty olives and capers. The Summer squash salad which followed needed a little more fat, but served as a great chaser to the octopus. Soon to follow were our amazing "featured" dishes including crispy pork belly with watermelon and Nouc Nam. I've tired of the savory watermelon fad as of late. However, Sra. M certainly woke me up with this delicious dish. Next came red curry lamb ribs perfectly cooked, but a safe flavor we already knew pretty well. Showing up next was country fried quail with bbq beans and slaw (the little brother to the country fried chicken at Michy's). I could have had a dozen plates of the quail.Had we been warned about our next dish, I may have brought an oxygen tank with me because I nearly fainted after the first bite. I watched Anthony C. nearly fall out of his chair as he took his first bite of the hero of the evening, the Garbanzo stew. This simple, hearty and perfectly seasoned dish of garbanzos, chorizo, kale, and a creamy sauce all topped with a quail egg was one of the best things I have eaten in Miami. In fact, your trip to Sra. M would be worth it for this winner. All of this was accompanied by a very drinkable white sangria and finished with a dessert of hot powdered donuts with a warm caramel sauce. They tasted as good as they looked, but who could really notice? We were still stoned from the stew.We left with big smiles. I cannot wait to return.Brava, Chef Bernstein.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,6/18/2012,112,76,8,5,6>I had to take my buddy to the airport the other day, he was here on R&R with his family visiting his parents before heading back to Ft Bragg to ship out to Afghanistan. It was a pretty emotional goodbye- his mother was crying, wife was sobbing and kids wouldn't let him go. Driving over to Miami international he was getting a little worked up, rare to see for a guy whose deployed as much as he has. I asked him what the deal was and he looks over at me and says "I'M GONNA MISS BURGER FRIDAY AT WHISK!" So there you go folks, if the only thing on a guys mind whose about to roll out to the shiznicks is missing those tasty gourmet whisk burgers--well then you know what I had to do. Told his dumbass to get the eff' out of my ride so I can get to Whisk. Here's the dataFood: My idea of gourmet. I recently had the mahi mahi sandwich, fresh tomato, mutli grain bread and a good dijon sauce. Not going to talk about the burgers , just look at the pictures and they speak for themselves. They also have these cheese potato chips that were damn good. To top it off I ordered a black coffee and the waitress was happy to hear that because they don't have any cortaditos or espresso here....Atmosphere: I've been here twice and both times this place was packed and I'm talking like people about to shoot each other for parking spots packed. Here's a tidbit, if the parking lot is full drive around the corner and drop a few bucks for a metered spot. Service was good, especially considering the amount of folks being served. Excellent food, good service and atmosphere. Will definitely be coming back here again.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,6/17/2012,39,86,6,9,6>We are completely smitten with our new 4lb puppy, a purebred maltese Luna Bella, and strive to provide her with only the best.  The breeder was careful to instruct us of the nightmares of grooming and scared us straight away with grooming gone wrong stories.With our last malty I used to pay $70 at PetSmart for the full spa day, but after listening to the breeder realized that these chains usually don't hire experienced or properly trained groomers so my search was on. I visited a place in West Kendall called Rainbow Grooming but it smelled like a bleach and poop puppy mill store with ugh cheap Navarro cologne that I backed out instantly and felt nauseated for some time after. My search continued....Thank you Yelp for helping me find this neighborhood gem!As soon as I entered I noticed the only smell was that of lovely scented candles and fresh air. The owner, Mayra, was gushing with knowledge and pleasantries, welcoming us first-timers into her shop. It was like meeting a new friend I just instantly liked her and trusted her with our pup. Even customers dropping off their furbabies were raving to us about this place. I paid less than half of what I used to at PetSmart and they did a ten times better job!  She's got a customer for life.TIP: She has a lovely puppy hotel in the rear which she was happy to show us. I noted the gleaming tile, glass pane doors, dim lights, spa music on CD and glowing scented candles. A true puppy retreat.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,6/16/2012,49,104,5,6,6>Jerk chicken can only be made in a trailer on the side of the road. That is a fact, and with that said, they do it IMPECCABLY!Meat - They have chicken and ribs, either mild jerk, hot jerk, or smoked.Hot jerk chicken - almost hotter than I can handle.Smoked ribs - Amazing.Sauces -BBQ - delishHot BBQ - even better!Spicy mustard - OMG delishHot spicy mustard - EVEN BETTER!Sides - Mac n Cheese - done up and good, but not to die for.BBQ beans - tastes like canned with ground beef added. I wouldn't get it again.They apparently have raised their prices because when I went it was 7 bucks for chicken and 9 for ribs, but that feed at least 4 people, maybe even 6 if you made your own sides and a salad. Will be coming here regularly for the hot jerk and smoked ribs doused in hot bbq and hot mustard sauce!!!It can be a little unnerving the first time you walk up, but the family is very nice. If it's your first time they will squirt a little sauce on your finger to try! Then you can have it added to your meat or squirted in the cavity in the styrofoam container. There is no where to eat (take out only, unless you want to sit in your car in the parking lot) so plan on smelling and drooling the whole way home!Oh, and they are closed on Monday and Tuesday!!!!!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,6/15/2012,250,256,8,8,9>Oh My YUM!Chow Down Grill is a welcome addition to South Beach, with its reasonable prices, chic look, and fresh food. I've already been three times since its recent opening and they have yet to disappoint. The vibe is more lounge-y on weekend nights, with a DJ and bustling bar area, and more relaxed during the week.Stand out appetizer menu items include the herb pancakes, shrimp & squid ink dumplings, and spring rolls. My favorite main: the ramen in wild mushroom broth; the poached egg on top is its perfect compliment. There are plenty of choices for vegetarians and carnivores alike. Regardless of what you choose, I think you'd be hard pressed to call any of the menu items less than fresh and thoroughly well thought out.I love the booth-only dining room and open kitchen. Comfortable seating is found in the bar area too, where I usually end up. Service is excellent (our bartender Heather was super friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive) and even the management staff is hands-on with the clientele.There's even free lot parking, although it is limited. Yes, free parking, at a restaurant, in South Beach. You heard right.It's a bit hard to find if you've never been there, but I'm guessing they will be adding signage in the coming weeks to make it easier.Bottom Line: A unique concept of fresh Chinese food is executed perfectly in service and quality of food.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,6/14/2012,504,281,13,15,12>I have now been coming here religiously for a whole year and my love for Demetrio has not waned one iota. In fact, it has only increased! Now that the staff and I have come to know each other a little better, I almost feel like part of the family. I wish my family made coffee this good actually! Since this place is a small intimate operation, there are times where the front of the house can get a little packed and you will need a bit of patience to let them work through the crowd but I guarantee you will not be disappointed.The atmosphere of this place is charming, reminiscent of a European coffee house and the regular patrons are always quick to welcome you with a warm smile and a hello. I prefer the luscious tropical outdoor area but when it's too hot/humid/rainy the indoor seating is a nice spot for solace.Coffee-wise my go-to's are the Cafe Demetrio or, if I am looking for a little more sweetness in my life, the Cafe Leo which the lovely Yislin turned me on to. Yum! There is no need to add sugar to either of these divine concoctions. As for the food, I am a loyalist to their ham & cheese croissant; perfectly flaky, not overly buttery, toasted to perfection so the Munster cheese is oooey-gooey and the ham is warm. MMMmmmMMM. I have also had one of their soups and a few of their lunch sandwiches and I found everything I have tried here to be delectable. Be forewarned though, if you order the spinach quiche you will get a LOT of spinach so eat up Popeye.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,2/18/2014,191,271,13,16,13>Fast forward to now that I think I'm a real Foodie. I start telling myself in 2013, "Hey if you're going to be a Foodie. You have to start trying different foods." My least favorite of all edible substances is seafood. Why? Because of the nasty smell you breathe in at some restaurants that don't serve fresh seafood. I am not allergic or anything and have had seafood before I discovered Yelp. Actually, my stomach is made of bricks and will go through the whole digestion process with no problem. During my difficult trials and tribulations, I ate things that even Sally Struthers would have thrown away.Now fast forward to tonight, January 4th, 2014 Eastern Standard Time. All day I spent it on Facebook and Twitter telling anyone who would listen, "OMG BRO! I'm having raw fish tonight! I hope it doesn't smell or taste like a dirty vagina." Or, so I hear that's what one tastes and smells like. A friend of mine, also a Yelp Reviewer, volunteered to go with me. Had he not gone, I would have been lost and chickened-out. I gave him Carte Blanche to do all the ordering.To quickly summarize my experience without this turning into a useless rant, this is what happened:For dinner they open at 5:00 p.m., there were already a few people waiting for the door to open outside. Then, I open the door and wasn't taken aback by the nasty smell of "you know what." Both very good signs when you go to a restaurant specializing in seafood. Like I said above, my friend did all the ordering. So in my mind I'm thinking, "OMG BRO! Raw fish is about to be brought to the table for me to consume purposely." Simultaneously thinking when would be the appropriate time to throw myself in front of a speeding car in The Circle. Oh yeah, it's located right there. You can't miss it. Adjacent to the now historic building that used to house The Circle Theater. Now the plates of food start coming. Lest I forget, take into consideration my thoughts about seafood before you read the following sentence. If you know someone that is turned off by Sushi for whatever reason, this is the restaurant you want to bring them to. Not ONCE, even with all the poor dead raw suckers directly in front of me, did I inhale the slightest whiff of "you know what." Let me just say this quickly, seafood like chicken, has its own scent and taste. Not to the point that if you're a heterosexual you become a homosexual upon exiting the restaurant. I've had seafood before. If it's truly fresh, this is exactly the way it should smell. Remember now, I was consuming them raw. The fish tasted like fish, the shrimp tasted like shrimp, the seaweed tasted like seaweed and so on. Each component included in the dishes tasted exactly the way it should taste causing an explosion of delicious flavors in your mouth. Touche Thai Rama Sushi, I shall be returning soon.One thing you will have to give me time on, is describing the dishes I had. Remember I wasn't doing the ordering and purposely kept my Hearing Aid turned off so I wouldn't hear what he was describing. I will be posting some pictures of everything we had just give me some time to describe them in writing.Useless blah blah blahs:* Food presentation is Social Media worthy. Very nice, you will have fun with your phone taking pictures.* Decor is modern Asian. They also have two of those cool tables you're almost kneeling by to eat. Whatever they are called.* The restaurant was clean.* I saw many customers coming in for take-out.* I saw families there with their children. I guess kids really like this stuff. Fret not little ones. I'm old but catching-up.* The waitress was beyond nice and VERY knowledgeable of the entire menu.* They have two menus, one is for Thai Food the other for Sushi. My next visit will be to try their Thai Food of which I am more knowledgeable.* Parking is curbside, however, there is more parking behind the restaurant. You won't necessarily find a spot directly by the door.* The Chef is also the owner and makes sure that what is brought to you is appealing and properly made. If you're in a hurry, relax. * This restaurant does close during certain times in the middle of the day. I am uploading a picture of their business hours. Again, relax. That's about it folks. I will be posting the pictures shortly after this and updating this review once I try their Thai Dishes.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,2/17/2014,67,347,5,9,7>Had a fabulous meal at Escopazzo this eve - I can see this place might go bad in some areas - but we went early and had a very good experience.With just two of us, we ordered the beet salad appetizer, which they were good enough to split this in two on two plates for us.  The dish was divine - and they served warmed focasia straight out of the oven with olive oil.I had the cod over squash, and it tasted like a strongly salted fish.  I still enjoyed it as it was very good, but I don't remember seeing the part where this was a salted fish on the menu.  My cousin had the vegan spaghetti with vegetable ragu which she enjoyed very much.We had two desserts which were white chocolate cake with passion fruit and chocolate cake with ice cream.  Both excellent.The ambiance was terrific - great lighting, night mural on the wall, perfect music, white linen tables, nice plating - all was good.We came here on a group that provided all of this food for $69.  We ordered 1 glass of house wine and 1 diet soda and somehow these two drinks, tip and tax was an ADDITIONAL $65 on top of the $69 groupon.  I have never had an experience where I used a groupon then paid $65 extra for 2 drinks a tip and tax, but that's what the bill was.Overall, it was a great meal, the service was good, although I felt like they weren't in a hurry to give us our check.  I also don't feel our meal was worth over $200+ if you believe our groupon value was $138 plus the additional $65 I had to pay in cash, but am glad to have had the experience - I will definitely recommend it!!!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,2/16/2014,437,438,8,14,8>SoBe Calm may have moved and changed their name to Skin by Tatum since my last review, but the quality of service is still top notch. They are no longer on Alton and have now moved into the building in the Purdy/Sardinia/Pubbelly area. I actually love the new location because I find parking to be much easier. There is a Miami Beach garage around the corner from the entrance for $1 per hour. I've seen Madelline (Oh, gosh- I hope I spelled her name right!) a few times now for a brow shaping and I'm starting to think that it's time to completely abandon waxing because her work with a pair of tweezers is genius! My brows have been perfect each time, and they're shaped perfectly so that they're easy for me to maintain between visits. They do Gilt deals a lot, so if you're curious, buy a deal in there to check them out. The brow shaping is normally $35 which is on par with a lot of places that do it by hand, and even cheaper than some places on the beach that do waxing and threading. The Gilt deals usually knock off about ten bucks. I am now a regular customer with or without the deals because I'm convinced that there is no other place that will make my eyebrows look this good! Cherry on top is the vibe. Usually, it's just me and Madelline hanging out and chatting. Girl time + great brows + reasonable price = happiness!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,2/15/2014,61,50,6,13,11>Was about to suffer fast food since most restaurants in my area were closed already at the time when I drove past Pamela's and saw that it was still open.  Went in on a whim and had a great experience.  It was pretty late so I thought I might eat something light but the menu options were too tempting and I ended up ordering the Pollo a lo Pobre and a meat empanada.  The empanada was fantastic and much bigger than I expected, stuffed with ground beef, hard boiled egg and an olive.  I was happy it was baked and not fried, served fresh out of the oven.  I added some of their homemade pebre and was in heaven.  They also brought homemade bread to the table that was hot to the touch but I could hardly eat a bite of it knowing I had even more food coming.  The chicken was served with grilled onions and fries topped with two eggs over easy.  It was good but the portion was massive and I couldn't eat even half of it after having the empanada.  Upon seeing it I had the sneaking suspicion that the restaurant didn't mainly cater to pint sized women.  The staff was really nice and patient even though I showed up right before closing, all in all really cheering me up after a terrible day leading to a late dinner.  Thank you Pamela's, I hope to have many more happy meals like this one.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,2/14/2014,91,224,5,8,7>Would highly recommend to check out the restaurant and bar. The courtyard is absolutely beautiful. In terms of service - all employees were respectful, always opening the door, and always lending a friendly hand. I needed $5 of quarters and they were very accommodating.The drinks are expensive, but they have some of the best. The lychee martini, some watermelon basil concoction that just tasted amazing yet not too strong, and good quality tequila.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,2/13/2014,619,794,9,13,11>This place is great...I came here with 3 others for a business lunch, but would really like to return and experience this restaurant for dinner some evening.Some words that come to mind when thinking about how to describe the décor and ambiance of this restaurant would be: kitschy, rustic and warm.  It's comprised of a few different buildings; As you first approach the entrance, the first building you see is actually the kitchen and food prep. area.  Beside and behind that building are the outdoor seating spaces, which feel much like a courtyard.  Towards the back of the property you'll find another building which is an enclosed dining space.For starters we ordered their Turkish sampler which featured hummus, tomato walnut dip and fava bean puree, served with small brown paper bags that were filled with bits of bread. We also shared the marinated grilled octopus.  We all ordered their iced tea or lemonade which they create themselves, and for my main course I tried their traditional Greek gyro with salad.  Everything I sampled or ordered was very good, and of course, we all followed our meals with Greek coffee, which is a bit foamy, with the coffee grounds settling to the bottom of your cup after it's poured.This was the perfect spot for lunch, and the outdoor dining areas feel secluded enough that it's a nice chance to get away from the city and just relax with the people you're with for an hour or so.   As mentioned, I'm looking forward to returning here at some point to try this place for dinner.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,2/12/2014,620,350,5,17,9>I'm writing this review as I eat last night's leftovers from Blackbrick for breakfast (well, it's 2 PM and I just got up, so, we'll call it "breakfast"). Eating leftover Chinese food after a night of partying is a protected religious practice in my household. Eating Blackbrick leftovers changes the game entirely.If you're a fan of Sakaya Kitchen, it shouldn't be surprising why Blackbrick's food is so good, and why the flavors feel like they are welcome to move into a permanent space in your soul. All bold, smoky, flavorful, fermented things made by Chef Richard Hales are welcome to all of my fat soul's house parties.The menu does require a little thinking and strategy on the diner's end. I was met with a lot of interesting choices to make but a lot of  the dishes were totally alien to me.  Char siu flatbread? Que? My instinct was to go for the more traditional dishes (fried rice, wonton soup, etc.) so a little hand holding through Mr. Hale's Wild Chinese adventure was definitely needed to navigate the menu. It will seem like a minefield of potentially bad decisions, but fret not. Grab a server, and let them guide you to the light.After a little advice, we got:- Eggrolls. Magical eggrolls. Non-greasy eggrolls. Eggrolls with crazy fresh ingredients. "The best eggroll I've ever had" according to The Husband. - Pork Belly. Wow. Succulent, big meaty chunks of pork belly.- General Tso's Gator. As a big fan of General Tso's chicken, this was an awesome twist. For those who have had gator before, it wasn't chewy at all. Would order again a hundred times.- We had one of the flatbreads (forget which one) - not really anything we've ever experienced before. From a Miami person's perspective the closest I could relate it to is un pastelito de carne. Like trying anything new, it was met with a "this is weird" *chews for a few more seconds* "Ohhhhh." Needless to say, will need to give it another try, but for more conservative diners - skip it.- The pork bun isn't up to the extraordinary standard of Sakaya's pork bun in my opinion. It's a little sweeter. I personally prefer the pork belly style pork bun on the menu.These five items was enough to fill us up and leave us satisfied. The bill came up to $50 which felt just right. We didn't have any cocktails which all sounded great. A must for next time.Ambiance could use a little work. We opted to sit outside because of the intense smokiness of the indoor area and got a little table situated next to the curb where people were awkwardly parallel parking all night. As someone who hates staring at people parallel park, this was a little painful. I'd love to sit at the bar next time for the full experience.Food-wise, I'd give Blackbrick an extra star but I can't morally do that until I get my hands on their fried rice and noodles for the full one-two punch. Till next time!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,2/11/2014,284,497,29,29,26>Single ladies, listen up. Forget going to the club Saturday or wherever else you hope to meet Mr. Right or Mr. Right Now. This is the spot. Sunday morning, guys are pulling up in their German engineered automobiles like they're giving away free car washes here. But wait, I am getting off topic. Arrived 15 minutes after M.A.S. opened and they already had several people waiting for their cars getting make overs. I just got a basic external shampoo for $12, in and out in under 25 minutes. The guys did a great job for an express wash and tips are optional. I've paid double at other car washes for less thorough jobs. They even apply tire shine and really do a nice job cleaning your wheels. The waiting area is comfy, good magazine selection, good music and did I mention good people watching? First time I felt underdressed at a car wash.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,2/10/2014,141,128,4,11,9>As you probably can surmise, I am a self proclaimed food enthusiast/ evangelist/ guru (insert your favorite foodie noun here). And, I've been longing to try MGFD since I first moved to Miami a year ago. In conversation, I would randomly hear tasty tales and culinary compliments given to this little gem in the heart of our design district. Well.... I finally made my way there last week with one of my chef friends. To say we were impressed, does not even cover it. To say the food was delicious doesn't even do it justice. Funny thing is that we actually met while working for Tom Colicchio's craft. Michael Schwartz's concepts, techniques and execution actually reminded us a lot of Chef Colicchio. Which is to be taken as a compliment since we love everything about craft and now MGFD!Ok, lets start with the ambiance, shall we?As you approach MGFD coming from NE 40th street, it is slightly tucked away, behind the slue of high end shops which frame the area. You walk up to the patio, Nice. Quaint. Dimly lit. Inviting. As you step inside & turn to your right, you are greeted by a very friendly host. And, if you peer over her right shoulder, there in the background you can see it; the wood fired oven that MGFD proudly boasts of, the 'hot spot' where their delectable dishes come to life! The interior lighting in the main dining room is dim and romantic, accented with red drinking glasses and red lamp shades on the ceiling. Something about the color red, makes the vibe more cozy and relaxed, makes you want to stay forever and eat and spend. Coincidence? ;-)We started with signature cocktails. We politely requested that the bartender use their homemade Ginger-Sage soda as a base for our Moscow Mules....very refreshing, a hint of ginger flavor with a candied ginger garnish. For our 2nd round,  we asked him to spike our homemade Cherry-Rosemary sodas with vodka...it was like drinking a melted freezie pop with a hint of rosemary...yes!We shared the Crispy Pig Ears, cumin-ey & crispy with a gelatinous texture as you bite in. Flavorful and interesting. Their homemade thick cut chips & pan fried onion dip, also very nice, like a fancy, tastier version of your Super Bowl party snack. Next, we shared the Pan Fried Gnocchi with charred scallions & Swiss chard in a brown butter sage sauce, garnished with shaved Parmigiano Reggiano...I have to say I LOVE GNOCCHI, and THIS was my fave of the night, the textures, the flavors, everything was perfect!It was hard to choose, but we decided on the Beef Short Ribs for our main course....perfectly tender, drizzled with romesco & toasted hazelnuts. We paired this with the wood fired Brussels sprouts cooked to perfection in pancetta and garnished with a lovely lemon aioli. We ended the evening with one of the best desserts I've had in a while! The Pumpkin Pie Sundae was a modern version of everyone's favorite holiday pie! Pumpkin spice ice-cream, gingersnap crumbles, homemade marshmallow fluff charred on top in an old school mason jar.....Yummmmmmmmm!!!!!!! I plan to recreate this tasty little treat for my family this Christmas! And as a pastry professional, I have to say that after this night, I have a little bit of a girl crush on Executive Pastry Chef, Hedy Goldsmith. She is brilliant!The only down side to our evening was that our service was a little slow. Totally our bad though, since we decided to sit at the bar, having to compete with multiple drink orders. We did, however, appreciate the attentive servers who sporadically stopped by to ensure we were enjoying everything.  Another memorable foodie experience for the books! Thanks Chef Michael & Staff!!!! You rock!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,2/9/2014,130,43,7,10,7>I like this park, its a no frills county maintained park and in my opinion they do a pretty decent job with the maintenance of it. Heisenberg loves this park and he's a known regular at it since we visit 2-3 times a week, usually around 4-5ish. The people here are very friendly and the park has a walking around the neighborhood talking to the neighbors feel to it. Surprisingly enough its pretty quiet here and you wouldn't think that since its literally on located on the side of a busy road.Yeah not everyone picks up after their dogs (douchebags) but I'd say 90% of the owners do. The park is well maintained and clean and I really need to give it to the county for cleaning up the graffiti that some asshole left behind.pro'sthe built in puppy fountainsthe simple obstaclesthe conveniently placed human bathroomsthe shade bungalowsWoohoo they increased the parking area sizecon'sbuilt too close to a busy road making it a potentially lethal hazard if the dogs ever get out.the canal next to the park has the potential risk of having aquatic life visit the park.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2010,2/7/2010,83,129,6,11,9>What does a 23 year old do at a 1 and 3 year olds birthday party? Walk around. At least since this was the old parrot jungle i wanted to see what i could remember from when i was little. Turns out not much. The place was nice, although a big sign said no pets so that was kind of a bummer.The real highlight  of my trip wasnt even inside the gardens but was right outside! Looks like on sunday's they have a green market right outside. I checked it out when it was closing up (@ 2) but i was able to see some interesting stands. I checked out the tea stand but was kinda iffy about the freshness of it so i passed, saw the coffee stand which was out of hot chocolate so i passed on that too and then saw the home made soap stand, and i love homemade soap so i got a bar of the tropical breeze soap. As i was passing back to the gardens i saw some places that were packing up which included local honey and orchids. Maybe next time ill stop by earlier to check them out. Now back to the gardens. The area that the family had was nice and right in front of the playground which was great to keep an eye out for the kids.  We were right in front of the lake so the kids got to see the swan which was nice because as Jordan N. mentions, its kinda odd in miami. Its a really nice place, available for parties and receptions if the outdoors is what you're looking for. Free admission so if you're in the area its nice to just walk around, and try to remember what parrot jungle used to be, and if the green market is around, to check out some fresh produce and neat local businesses.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,2/6/2010,77,119,5,11,6>STK...you blow me away! I came here for Friends and Family Night and I was thrilled to go!! Opening night is on Wednesday, January 6, 2010. As a huge fan of STK NYC, this kid sister is not far behind. There are a few dishes added to the menu to please the Latin palette, but all of the signature faves are here: Shrimp Rice Crispies and Lil Big Macs. The Shrimp Rice Crispies is STK's version of a bisque with 2 prawns, and you guessed it ...rice crispies!!! No offense to the Golden Arches, but with the first bite of STK's Lil Big Mac and you know you that you just tasted a piece of heaven. It's two Wagu Kobe beef sliders topped with a special sauce, tomato, and cheese. For only being the 3rd night with an open kitchen, our steaks were perfectly seasoned and cooked. STK has an array of butters and sauces. Unlike most restaurants, their butter, like the blue butter already comes melted on the side, so you don't have to wait for it to melt on your steak. This kid sister got all the right cheat sheets. As for the one-of-a-kind mac and cheese...it's the perfect blend of cheeses, truffle and micro pasta. If you like Parmesan truffle fries, these are thick fried wedges made for a carboholic's dream. On to the Deadly D's: drinks and desserts. Live dangerously and try a signature drink, ie: Pink Elephant (pear infused vodka with mint and lime) Strawberry Rhubarb Cobbler (vodka, muddled strawberries, and a graham cracker crusted rim...yes, you read right, graham cracker). STK is also known for its after dinner drink, Patron XO which is a surprisingly good blend of tequila and coffee liquor. There is also a distinct and plentiful selection of wine by the glass. You cannot go wrong with any of the desserts which include one of the best chocolate molten cakes, cotton candy, and a mini-ice cream cone sampler with vanilla, chocolate, and dulce de leche. As for ambiance, it looks very promising, much like the NYC vibe. Almost all of the tables were full for dinner, but the bar was empty. This is a restaurant/lounge with a DJ spinning and I am sure it will be full once the doors open to the public and word gets around. It is sure to bring in an up-scale crowd just for drinks alone. It has three floors. The main floor has the lounge that accommodates cocktail tables as well as dinner tables. The top floors are for big group tables. Overall STK can be as fun or romantic as you make it. Naturally, all this comes with a price. But it's worth it. As a final tip, gratuity is included on the bill and don't forget to validate the valet ticket. Gansevoort charges $30 for a visit and the service is deserving of 20%.In whatever city, this is my favorite restaurant, period.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,2/5/2010,490,388,3,8,6>Great empanadas! I think that sums up this place the best way possible - we tried the cranberry chicken salad, which was decent. I just found the mini-salads to be somewhat expensive for their size. Literally just the size of a side-salad, and while they are filling, paying an upwards of $4 - $7 for a side-salad seems somewhat high, but I have to admit that the ingredients appeared to be high quality. The "go-go pies" (empanadas) are worth every penny, though. Priced at $ 2.25 each, they have at least twenty different flavours. We tried the egg white, spinach, swiss cheese pie and the eggplant parmigiana pie. Both were excellent - the eggplant was absolutely delicious. The place is very casual, great for lunch, after the beach or a quick dinner. The service was a little slow, but very friendly.This restaurant is definitely on our list of places to return to. Try their fresh iced green tea! We will be trying the strawberry lemonade next time!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,2/4/2010,194,773,14,20,16>I returned for my Almond Milk Tea with Pearls.  OMG...it is so good.  Today I learned that there are three levels of sweetness: regular, light, and none.  The regular is too sweet for me, while the none is rather bland; the light was just right.  Being rather hungry and seeing the inclusion of real meat into the menu, I figured that my friend and I could give it a try.  We sat down and the nice owner was quick to the table.  We ordered our appetizers and continued to look at the menu:Panfried dumplingsWonton soupThe wonton soup came out immediately and the dumplings not long after.  The bowl of soup was gargantuan and came with a lot of dumplings, broth, and Chinese cabbage (bok choy).  While there was also a lot of white pepper in it, I didn't mind it due to the inclusion of the Chinese cabbage.  The panfried dumplings were a tad heavy, but overall, the flavor was actually very good and the dipping sauce was a nice accent.  As we were ravaging the appetizers, our server came back and asked what would would like for entrees, if anything.  You must be very specific about the meats when ordering.  There is a menu solely for carnivores, but any of the items on the menu can be made with the meat of your choice.  As such, we ordered the following:General Tao Chicken (spicy)Special fried rice with no veggiesIt wasn't long before the entrees arrived and the vibrancy of the colors let me know what the lady had previously told me -- everything is made from fresh ingredients and made at the time of ordering.  Not the best fried rice that I have ever tried, but it was definitely quite good and I would order it again.  Whilst eating the general's chicken, I had to judge it on it's own merits.  Most places use a breaded and fried chicken piece while Shing Wang uses a sliced white meat chicken breast in the dish.  I must say, that I rather enjoyed the variation.  In the end, it was more like a Sichuan chicken than a General Tao chicken, but it was still good.  The piquancy was also quite good.  My nose began to leak a little while consuming the dish.  My favorite part of this dish, though, were the fresh vegetables.  They tasted amazing; I actually found myself leaving most of the meat for my friend while I ate the broccoli, pea pods, and red bell peppers.  The sauce just tasted uniquely in tune with the vegetables.I can say that I will continue to return to this place.  If you feel that you want to try food without animal product, this is the place to start.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2009,2/1/2010,587,1627,9,13,13>The OH-SO-GOOD coal-fired pizza that can even stand out well if it was placed in New York...I came during an off-hour so it wasn't busy. Service was good, and I had nothing to complain about in regards to the ambience. It felt like an upscale sports bar.As for the pizza, it was charry-good, in a good way. Crisped edges, smokey crust, and savory fillings. Traditional pies come with mozzarella, Italian plum tomatoes, Romano cheese, basil and olive oil. I had a small 12" pizza ($15.95) with half consisting of Meatball & Ricotta and the other half consisting of Fresh Mozzarella Sliced Tomato & Basil. I was glad I went with the half-half method, since the Meatball & Ricotta would have been too much for me if it was a whole pizza. Nevertheless, it was good. The Mozzarella was just right - I could eat that one all the time if I could!I'm willing to come back to try some other pizzas. And probably I'll make my own toppings since the price would match up to be the same as the specialty pies (with the exception of Paul & Young Ron which has 4 toppings, making it a good deal).But I better go with a friend so I could split on the cost of the pizzas - they don't come so cheap! Luckily the small 12" pizza can be happily shared.Definitely one of the best pizza places in Miami. Now if they could just open some more locations and start offering happy hour prices!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2009,1/30/2010,75,268,9,9,9>So it's Saturday afternoon and hubby says he's in the mood for a nice and tasty Churrasco but he doesn't want to cook it himself. So we spend a little while thinking where can we go for such a dinner. I give him a couple of options but we're not happy with them. On the suggesiton of Ivonne C. I go on my favorite site, Yelp.com, of course and I ck out the reviews for Las Vacas Gordas. Ivonne C. did mention that she has not been there personally but she's heard it's good.I read the reviews and they have one common thing.....most of them say that the food is wonderful but that the service is not too good. So off we go on our drive from Miramar down to Miami and we get to Las Vacas Gordas. At first, from the view of the parking lot it doesn't really look like much so I go to ck it out make sure we'll be ok with staying there. I open the door and it looks very cute and very quaint, quite different actually. I tell hubby it's ok, we'll stay and take our chances with the service.We are very nicely greeted by the hostess and immediately taken to a little table, totally different from anything I've seen before in a restaurant and totally adorable. It's along the main wall which is covered with a "cow skin" and it's very narrow and long, perfect for two. The girl pulls the table out and off we go to sit.  FIVE STARS for the service.  We get our bread from a very sweet and quiet girl (so sorry I didn't get her name) but she always had a warm smile to offer. Our WONDERFUL waitress MAYVEL (sorry if it's mispelled) took excellent care of us and was ready to answer any questions and give suggestions since it was our first time there.  We went with the "enrollada" which is a 1lb churrasco rolled up and totally delicious. It was perfectly cooked and we ordered mashed potatoes as our side. This is how I see it:FIVE STARS for our service, from the hostess, bread girl, water boy, and our wonderful waitress...THREE STARS for the terribly COLD a/c...and, when mentioned to a couple of the staff they strongly and nicely apologized but clearly it could not be changed....TWO STARS for their prices.....I mean, come on.....$12.99 for queso frito?? insane....$13.99 for dessert??? totally insane....$23.99 for a carafe of Sangria, granted it was delicous and made on the spot when you order it but, man!!!Taking out the appetizer, the dessert, the prices and the cold....it was a delicious dinner and GREAT SERVICE....I'm really sorry for the other yelpers that did not get good service. Go again and ask for Mayvel.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2009,1/29/2010,420,662,7,10,12>My mom was looking for a NY-style corned beef sandwich, and she was in deli HEAVEN at Roasters 'n Toasters. This place was fabulous.It was a weekend afternoon, so we had to wait, but it was pretty quick. Lots of people frequent this place, and I can see why. They also have coffee while you wait, but I turned that down (can't do coffee when it's 95 degrees outside.)The pickles and coleslaw are the ultimate touch. They bring 'em to your table right away, so you don't have to sit and starve. And they have the fresh, bright green pickles. DELICIOUS! I could have chowed on just these two extras and been just fine. But I had a tuna melt; mom, the aforementioned corned beef. Both were HUGE, monstrous, tasty. She was in heaven with her corned beef, and I thoroughly enjoyed my tuna melt as well. Service was quick, thorough. The whole place definitely had a NY vibe. Can't wait to come back here - my mouth is drooling thinking about those perfect pickles. YUM. They had the usual Jewish deli faves - potato pancakes, bagels, lox, etc. Next time I'll branch out a bit more.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2009,1/28/2010,352,828,5,10,5>The best cup cake I have ever had! If you are going to a friends for dinner and need to bring dessert, you can't go wrong with a box of cup cakes! At the Yelp Spice Trade Event, I tried several mini cup cakes so this week I finally convinced the W to bring some home for dessert (Yeah, I made my pitch after I washed the outside windows!) Wow, the box of 12 were unbelievable. I will say, I had one chocolate and one vanilla last night, but one would have been good enough even though I burned plenty of calories washing the windows!2 Girls and a Cupcake rock! Parking is problematic downtown, but I usually park by the Federal Express Building at the meters and walk a few blocks. It's a short walk, but if you plan to eat more than one cup cake, it is not that far.BTW, check the hours on their website. They are only open Mondays-Thursday 12pm - 6pm and Fridays 12pm - 4pm (closed on Weekends).
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2010,1/27/2010,244,213,7,9,7>Transit, Transit....Why hadn't I found you sooner. I have heard great things from great friends but just never gave you a chance. Well SATURDAY We finally gave you a chance. The minute we walked in they had great music. The place is a bit small so there weren't any tables available to get a bottle. So we opted to get a drink at the bar to start with, as soon as we got our drinks the server came that a table was available. We wanted to get a Glenlivet bottle but apparently you didn't have that to give away, which I found strange because that's what we ordered at the bar?! Well we opted for another scotch and I really wasn't impressed because it had a little of a smokey taste for me, but that's my opinion my other friends seemed to like it. This isn't why I gave you a four star instead of a five....I'll get to that in a minute.... So back to the music, wow, from old school to today's jay-z to salsa....we danced our a**es off. It was a lot of fun. Now I know most of you get hungry after dancing all night and drinking don't fear, keep dancing because they have a kitchen and there pizza was DELISH! Sooo good we ordered two! This alone was worth ending the night.Now why didn't I give you a five star? Well Transit, I loved you but I didn't love the fact that I was inhaling all that second hand smoke. YOU CAN STILL SMOKE INSIDE CLUBS? I thought this was banned? Well not at Transit, for you smokers you'll rejoice, for us non smokers, prepare for a little bit of a raspy voice the next day, your clothes smelling from head to toe and don't let me get started on how my hair smelled. Needless to say I had to jump in the shower and throw every single piece of clothing in the washer. I even had to take my jacket to the dry-cleaners which I didn't even have on inside. But besides that, you were great! I definitely wouldn't mind coming back for some more dancing....Just next time Please have a Glenlivet bottle for us. ;) Thanksxoxo
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2009,1/26/2010,196,289,8,14,12>My review may be a little skewed because the company (fellow Yelpers) was so great, I'm not sure the location really mattered.The question remains, however, whether or not I would return with or without yelpers.  And the answer is a resounding yes.I'm a picky vodka drinker and so, for me, the selection of vodkas (flavored & non-flavored) was slim.  I'm happy to report that the vodka gimlets were just fine -- fine enough to make me forget that they didn't have the two or three flavors I had asked for.The decor is minimal, the lighting is dark.  This is where I'd come to relax with close friends or even alone if I dared.  The air conditioning could be improved.  There was a little too much perspiration for my taste when the bar was packed with yelpers.Drinks are affordable, even if you decided to go with brand name vodka vs. the well vodka offered for ladies for FREE on Friday nights.  Specials sound fabulous and enticing:Mondays -- Karaoke & Monday Night Football (hello boys!)Tuesdays -- Poker Night (hello boys!)Wednesdays -- Jazz & BluesThursdays -- Ladies Night & Live Music (hello boys!)Fridays -- Ladies drink free (vodka & rum) from 4-8 pmSaturdays-- Live MusicSundays "In the Biz Specials" & Football (hello boys!)So....looks like there might be a new place in town to just chill, relax and just maybe....flirt a little.The only downside is if you're a little night-blind like me then this place can be easy to miss as it doesn't have an obvious sign.  It's on Coral Way near the interesection of 22nd Ave & next to Bike Tech.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,5/3/2012,57,52,23,22,15>Ok, so for those of you who don't know this place, here are some helpful tips:1. Come with an open mind. The place is a dive and proud of it, but they serve the best Pan Con Lechon you've ever had the privilege of tasting.2. Drive slowly or you'll miss it. Even those of us who have been coming here for years have a hard time getting in and out of this place, as parking is next to impossible during lunch hours. The lot is beyond tiny, and your only way out is to reverse back onto the street.3. Bring cash. As a genuine hole in the wall, no plastic is accepted.4. If you're one of the few non-spanish speakers in Miami, learn some spanish. At the very least, practice the phrase "Dame uno con cebolla y picante".Check your preconceived notions about Allapattah establishments at the (nonexistent) door. Yes, it's dingy and questionable, but this spot will have you coming back again and again. For first-timers the journey will have you feeling like you're searching for El Dorado (no, not the furniture store), but once you find it, you'll agree with my impressions of it. For years I failed to realize that this little pork paradise even had a name, but when I learned it I was finally able to sing its praises. I'm willing to bet you will, too.PS: If you find yourself as eager to scarf down the sandwich as I usually do, you can find the dining area down the hall to the right of the counter. They have about six tables in there, as well as restrooms. I wouldn't recommend using them, but they're available for emergencies should the need arise.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,5/1/2012,144,87,9,13,9>O... M... G... Dee-freakin-LISH!! God, I love Yelp. I remember seeing this place before it was open while I was in the drive thru at Chick-fil-a last year but completely forgot about it until I saw a review on Yelp.This place serves up delicious 100% Grass-Fed, 100% Free Range Beef that they actually grind fresh on site. You can taste the difference in the beef! Amazing. Juicy burgers, done right!The toppings are all really fresh, as well. I opted for lettuce, raw onions, pickles, jalapenos with ketchup & mustard. Mmmmmm... It was soooo good! The bun holds up pretty well. Not like the Five Guys bun that pretty much disintegrates halfway through your burger til you're holding just meat & toppings in your hands. The fresh cut fries were delicious, too. They cook them in olive oil rather than lard or whatever other places use. I had them with a side of Elevation Sauce for dipping. The best part about it is that I feel full, but not bloated & icky the way I sometimes feel after eating at some other burger joints... All I have to say is, Elevation Burger, you are so right! INGREDIENTS MATTER!! I will definitely be returning!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,4/30/2012,326,97,24,19,19>There's not much happening in West Kendall. We have U-Pick.  And BJs.  (Of the wholesale ilk.  I know that disappoints many of you.)Does having one of the most bad ass dog parks in the County level the playing field, with, say...Brickell?Hell no.I have seen creatures (bugs?) the size of newborn infants escape from their home in the neighboring Everglades and subsequently attempt to procreate on MY CAR.So, thank you urban planning gods for tossing West Kendall a proverbial "bone" (HA!) and giving us this cool little playground for our furbabies.Sponsored by PetSmart, this park boasts 6.5 acres full of tricks, grassy knolls, fountains and a little shaded area with picnic tables for pooches to play, poke, sniff and pee.  The park is split in half to accomodate Hulk-esque bow wows on one side (35 lbs +)  and their teenie tiny counterparts on the other.Parking is free, but always packed to the rafters...why?  Because it's West Kendall!!!  There's only so many times you can scam free samples from the aisles of BJs before life gets stale, ya know?  The locals have discovered a new way to get out of the house and include the pets and kids - it's a madhouse after 5pm.One quick observation/suggestion for my fellow West Kendall Dog Parkees:As rad as it would be to have a dog that could READ, it just ain't happening peeps.  So guess what...?  That leaves it up to us to take a gander at the pleasantly illustrated signage at the dog park kindly reminding us to pick up our dog's piles of hot, steamy mud pies.I live here, darn it.  And I don't want my lovely new dog park to have a perma-poo reak.  So, please do not heed the words of Triumph the Insult Dog...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5g_gs6nnyoEnjoy the park, chat up the locals, watch your dog frolic in the fountain...but please remember, this is not a place for you to POOP ON.Or your dog for that matter.All in all, 4 Paws Up for the West Kendall Dog Park!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,4/29/2012,274,769,18,16,16>I don't lie especially when I'm telling the truth! I picked this place for my haircut because the logo that came up on yelp mobile is that of my favorite movie. Headz Up is right in my North Hialeah stomping grounds so I stopped by. Just like the scene at the Babylon, we jammed out to Rick Ross' Rich Forever mix tape while getting trimmed and GQ'd (I wish we could post music samples in Yelp like we can pictures ;) This place is a great meshing of hip hop and suburb, very clean and modern looking with a big screen TV in line with the barber chairs. Each barber also has their twitter address next to their station. Oh, and unlike a lot of buzz cut shops you can pay your money with the credit card, then you get your power cut, and you walk out looking respectable so you can get the girl.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,4/28/2012,1381,665,6,7,8>Dear Keys Gate Golf Club,What a great Easter Sunday my fiancée and I had here!  Not having plans and playing the day on a whim, we decided to play a little golf and enjoy the gorgeous afternoon in store for us.  We headed south around 3p, stopped for lunch, and made it here by about 4p.  The weather was absolutely perfect, with even a slight chill to the breeze amidst the hot sun.We made our way to the Pro Shop to get ourselves set.  The attendant was a really nice, older gentlemen.  My love asked him questions about the course, paid (note - $8 rider fee for me since I don't technically play) and walked over to our golf cart.  Since it was later in the afternoon, we had decided on a half-course instead of the full 18-hole ordeal.Our golf cart was relatively new and had plenty of space for all of the bags; between a small cooler, the golf bag, and my purse, we had some stuff!  We started on our way towards the back half of the course, which we were told was a bit easier, and had less traffic.  The course was beautiful and green, surrounded by lots of palm tress and foliage and with the smell of the ocean in the air.We played 9 holes, and I "snuck" a couple in myself.  I discovered that I definitely do better at putting than driving.  ;-)  LOL  The course was so quiet and peaceful throughout our game; it was simply serene!  It was almost like being out camping, when you can hear all the sounds nature has to offer.  We had such an amazing day!!We would have stayed for dinner and a beer, but being that it was Sunday, and it was already about 6:30p at that point, we figured we should head straight home.I can't wait to come back and enjoy another stress-free, fun-in-the-sun afternoon.Sincere regards,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,4/27/2012,352,828,7,8,8>Washington Avenue now has Miami Beach's only Billiards and Table Tennis Night Club Venue similar to the ones you will find in NYC and LA. With 7 World Class Table Tennis Tables including a VIP Private Room with a table tennis table, this is the place to be seen for one of the growing sports in America. As John Stamos said on Entourage, "Table Tennis the New Billiards". We'll see if the Celebs show up to display their game in SOBE. I attended the long awaited Grand Opening and was impressed with the facility. I picked up a few singles and doubles games and hit a few overhand top spins and sampled some drinks in their lounge. They had both the small and the new larger super size table tennis balls which makes it easier for novice players. For those that haven't played table tennis since College, the games are now to 11 points with a player serving 2 times before switching serves. Chalk Miami is right across the street from Mansion at 1234 Washington Avenue. You can park at one of the nearby garages.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,4/26/2012,123,185,5,9,7>All I can say is.... nom nom nom!When I heard the news of Michelle Berstein's newest addition I knew I had to try it.Came on my day off and had the chicken sandwich. Soooo good! The chicken was warm and the bread was so tasty. It literally was dreamy!Dessert was just as good. While my friend and I were waiting to place our lunch order, we were given the chance to sample a few of their freshly baked treats. After trying their blondie, I knew what my dessert was going to be, Let me tell you how yummy it was. It was a big piece too that I decided to save it for laterAnd lets not forget the decor. I felt like I stepped into an Anthropolgie catalogue. Everything was so different and unique, it suited perfectly.A few side notes here: only cash for right now, and its only open business hours. So that means Monday-Friday 9-5 type of place.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,4/25/2012,97,97,8,13,10>Entretapas is a brand new Spanish tapas/market hybrid located in a strip mall in Weston. It shouldn't sound appealing but it is trust me. The place is done up nicely with a modern touch, simple lines, and warm colors that fuse into an inviting atmosphere. I came here with my dad and we shared some tapas and some wine. The server made an excellent choice with a Ribera del Duero wine that was impeccable., We tried the Garbanzos con Chistorras (chickpeas with chorizo - delightful), a cheese course with 3 different kinds and some olives (excellent with wine) and the owner recommended we try the Huevos Rotos, a traditional dish very popular in Spain....ready foodies? Here we go: A couple of fried eggs (sunny side up for you gringos) runny yolk with thinly sliced perfectly cooked potatoes and Serrano ham and a dash of white vinegar and other magical things. To eat this right you have to break the yolk (yes!) so it can permeate those potatoes and the ham. Ohhhhhh food heaven. You can make your own huevos rotos also with Chorizo or Calamari both of which sound incredible! They serve a number of other tapas which I'm dying to try and apparently some nice paellas as well. But that's not all! they also have some nice shelves stocked with great wines, and other goodies to take home. The service was excellent (it wasn't busy at the time) so I can't complain. Entretapas sound good? It's because it is. Excellent food, great ambiance, good service. It's just what Weston needed, and if you live far from here, it might be a good idea to come by, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,4/24/2012,140,119,6,11,8>O Cinema, how I love thee, let me count the ways.1: Decor: As soon as you approach this warehouse that has been converted into a theater, you are taken back from the appearance. They have abstract art hand painted from the ceiling to the floor of the entire front. As soon as you walk in  there is more art to admire. They even have an entire wall painted in black paint and some chalk so you can draw as much as you like on it. Inside the theater  they have couches!!! They have a large screen and plenty of seating. Lastly, they have a little boutique shop!2: Prices & Food: They're prices are a-maz-ing. They offer not just soda, but beer. Yes, beer. PBR and Yuengling to be exact. They have popcorn, and not to mention in reasonable portions in your choice of small for $3 or medium for $5. They even have homemade, yes, homemade treats that will give your taste buds orgasms. I had the Pecan Carrot Cake cupcake, and it was only $3. They are also generous with their servings; not just with the treats, but with liquor, as well. For $3 you get a nice full cup of wine. 3:Staff: The first time I came here was for a Yelp event. I had the opportunity to talk with the staff for a long while, and it was truly a pleasure. The owner was very humble and nice. We spent most of the time talking about plays and movies. You can clearly see that O Cinema is his passion.4:Movies: They offer a selection of movies that are actually good. I know some people assume indie films are not as good as regular films, but they are the contrary. O Cinema also does a great job of movie selection to prove you just that. When I saw my movie, and saw all the trailers of upcoming films, there wasn't a movie I didn't want  to come back to see. I honestly can't imagine seeing movies in a regular theater the same again. O cinema, where you can watch an indie film, on a couch, slipping a PBR; your home away from home.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,4/23/2012,223,142,7,20,9>I have known Blo Dry Bar was coming to Midtown for a while before it actually opened. Sandi, the owner, has done an amazing job of rallying Miami girls through twitter to get them excited about their location, and it worked because I was very, very excited!It finally opened recently and I got around to trying them out yesterday. I walked in and was greeted with a smile, offered a drink and got to meet Sandi, who welcomed me to the salon and thanked me for coming in. I was tended to immediately by Jaiden and she asked what kind of blo dry I wanted. She washed my hair and got to it. The receptionist, I think her name is Nina, brought some magazines for me to read while I got my hair done.My hair came out insanely good, despite it being so dry (a previous hairdresser ruined my once healthy hair with highlights). Jaiden made my hair have bounce and volume. I got compliments from everyone about how great it looked, including my fiance who kept saying that I looked gorgeous (awww). I walked out of there feeling beautiful and you can't beat that feeling. Never underestimate what a good hairstyle can do for your self esteem.This salon has a fan and a loyal customer. I will definitely be stopping by again and again and again. And really, it is true what they advertise, it's wash, blo, and go. I was there for 30 mins tops and Jaiden did an amazing job!A few other things of note: - the location couldn't have been more perfect! I heart Midtown Miami like crazy! Everything surrounding the Blo Dry Bar is right up my alley - Target, The Cheese Course, West Elm, etc. Really, it's kinda exciting! You get your hair done, do a little shopping, and then grab a bite. Perfect day, I say!- the salon is so cute! It's nice and spacious and decorated fabulously with hints of pink. Also, the music is great! I jammed. A lot.- the girls in the salon are fabulous! Every single one of them had an amazing style and were friendly and super nice. I felt so welcomed and catered to. Other salons should take note.- They sell Morrocan oil products. I went home with a conditioning mask after asking Jaiden advice on how to restore my hair. Also be advised that she never once pushed any products on me. It wasn't until I asked her that she mentioned it and I told her I would take it. I loved this! It's always so awkward to have products pushed on you, and not to mention, rude. Overall my experience at Blo was great! Looking forward to the next one.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,6/29/2013,138,146,5,5,4>When one thinks of Homestead, FL, images of fruit, vegetables, John Deere tractors and fields of stinky fertilizer probably come to mind.  Karaoke bars are probably not at the top of the list of things to check out when you're in an area like this.  Believe it or not, there's more to Homestead than horticulture and hoes (the gardening tool).  I was there to witness and partake in the fun that is Fat Monkey last week when I just happened to be passing through town with some friends and some free time on my hands.  We started with dinner at Toro Taco (see future review on that) and afterwards decided to look for a place to have a drink or two and blow off some steam from the busy week.  Just across the street from Toro Taco (on Krome Ave) we spot Fat Monkey.  Situated outside under a small canopy is a long bar with tables and chairs spread out mostly under the night sky.  My friends and I ordered up rum and cokes and found a quiet corner to wait for the karaoke to start.  Now believe you me, I am no stranger to karaoke.  I've been known to sing all types of songs - including Patsy Kline, Willy Nelson, Tom Petty, R. Kelly and many favorite hits from the 70's and 80's.  I even got booed off stage in Key West while trying to belt out an Otis Redding song (Try a Little Tenderness) a few years back.  OK, OK - that was a pretty ambitious selection and I must say I'm no American Idol.  Not sure exactly why, but I opted to sing Carrie Underwood's "Before He Cheats" and my good friend Jessica A. dished out some Bad Company (til the day I die).  I have to say, there weren't many people there to impress, but the cool small crowd loved us and were supportive (no matter how bad we sucked).  We even cut a rug and started a huge dance circle to showcase some of our moves.  As our husbands were falling asleep from stomachs full of Mexican food, we woke them up with a duet of Hysteria from Def Leppard.  We did get in a bit of trouble for yelling some cuss words into the microphones (telling our husbands to "wake the F up"), but otherwise it was a great evening.  We even received a free shot of premium liquor for checking in on our Yelp app (we chose Patron).  I wish we had a place like this closer to home!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,6/28/2013,504,281,8,16,11>As much as I have been teased for my use of superlatives, I actually am quite the picky lady. Of course when I do love something, I have to absolutely RAVE about it. I brought my mom here on Mother's Day, because she is obsessed with eggplant parmesean. At first the service felt a little cold, but I think the waitress was probably forced to work on Mother's Day when she would rather be home with her kids or her own mother; she was still quite prompt and to be honest I didn't need a lot of chit chat from her since I was there to spend quality time with my mommy any way.The garlic rolls were ::to die for:: perfect crust on the outside, soft and warm on the inside, drenched in fresh garlic and olive oil. MmmMMMM...then came my chicken marsala, which was perfectly cooked and seasoned, juicy and flavorful. My mom loved her eggplant parm. So much so that a few weeks later she asked that we return so she could have some more. On our second go around, the service was much friendlier and her eggplant looked even better than the first time around. My lentil soup went quite nice with the outstanding garlic rolls and my glass of wine.I only wish that this place didn't have TVs all around the dining room. For me, dinner is a time to enjoy the company you are with. If I want to watch TV, I can go to a bar or watch it at home. A fine establishment like this is not a place to come with your loved ones just to stare at a giant screen.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,6/27/2013,31,77,5,8,9>Let me begin this review by telling a story. Once upon a time, a girl was lost trying to find a place where she was going to interview for a job. She drove all around to no avail and finally gave up and decided to try to find her way back to her home. She had no GPS and was getting hungry and as she passed by a place that advertised delicious smoothies, she decided to turn around and stop in. The smoothie was magnificent, the staff helped direct her back out to the highway, and she picked up a menu to take home.Fast forward a few months and I decided to try Choices one more time (this time purposefully). I was truly blown away by the flavor of the food. I have been there several times and each and every time it is an experience that reminds me (again) how delicious vegan food can be. The prices are very reasonable considering how pricey some of the products they use are (for example: daiya cheese). Last fall I had the opportunity to have the pumpkin cheesecake and it was phenomenal. It was expensive, but worth every bite. I have yet to find a vegan dessert anywhere else that compares. Do I love Choices? Yes. Should you love Choices too? Yes! Yes, you should!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2013,6/26/2013,119,115,11,15,15>This was my first visit to the very hyped Yardbird I had heard so much about. Parking is a bit of a pain, but we lucked out & found a meter in order to be spared having to valet. The restaurant is a short walk from the Lincoln road mall so if you do get a parking spot nearby you can enjoy some shopping & people watching after your meal. We had a lunch reservation so we were immediately seated. First impression of the place was that is pretty laid back. Our hostess was nice. The table for 2 we were led to was wobbly & we were sat right next to another couple even though there was enough free tables to give us some more privacy. A 1 table inbetween buffer when the place isn't packed should be the norm. If I can hear your conversation clearly over music when you aren't speaking loudly, then you're too close. South Beach loves to cram people into tight spaces & this is no exception.Onto the menu, the lunch menu was tiny. I have never been in the evening, but if the dinner menu is as small as the lunch offerings then that's kind of blah. I love having a bunch of dishes to choose from & southern comfort food is not lacking in the variety department. We opted for some Chicken & Bicuits & a Cheese Waffle. I ordered a Coke which was actually a Glass Bottle Mexican Coke. This was a nice touch & rarely seen, but I'm a fan of free refills so it was a mixed bag of "awesome" since I love cane sugar Coke in a glass bottle & "better make this one last."The food was flavorful without being overdone. The pepper jelly really setoff the chicken biscuits nicely. The cheese waffle, well... it was a waffle with cheese. It wasn't bad but it was just pretty much what you'd expect a waffle with cheese to taste like.Decor & Ambiance was clean, our waiter was also very friendly & helpful. The one thing that bothered me was I saw what appeared to me the manager walking around greeting & engaging each table. Some tables he stopped at more than once, but I guess we were invisible because we got skipped over. End of the world? Nah, but it was noticed. Overall, the dining area & restrooms were clean, the people working there are pretty friendly, & the food was good. They tack on a resort tax onto the bill but it was maybe .65 so it didn't break the bank. Would I return? Maybe. As long as there are places like Cracker Barrel, KFC, & Chik-Fil-A around, gourmet southern comfort food is going to be a tough sell.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,6/25/2013,196,262,6,8,8>It was a rainy Thursday night, I was hungry, and I was in the mood for some Indian food. Although the place nearest to me wasn't great, it was good enough for take out.Unsurprisingly, I found the store had closed for good. I was left to make a choice.. Wendy's?Uggh, not more fast food!Haven't been to Blue Collar yet, so, why not? Gotta see what all the Yelping's been about.I've never been a fan of this location, parking kind of sucks, and the previous tenant left me with not so great memories. They too were praised by the Yelp community by and large, never understood why though.Hopefully this place will live up to the hype.I chose to sit at the counter, seating was limited due to the weather, turned out to be a good idea. I had a nice conversation with a couple sitting next to me and with the manager behind the register.I looked around the menu. First thing that struck me is that it was kind of pricey,  but the food coming out of the kitchen did look pretty amazing.I was torn between a few good sounding options, so I asked the manager for his recommendation for a first timer.He suggested the "Really Juicy Chesseburger" and bread pudding for desert.I told him I was apprehensive as most burgers usually don't compare to my benchmark standard, but he assured me that it was good and that he'd pay for it if I didn't agree. Fair enough I suppose!My food came out fairly quickly. The burger looked good, complete with a mound of fresh cut fries. It was a decent sized portion and as the name implied, it was really juicy and on par quality wise to my benchmark, the fries were on a whole different level of awesome however. I really didn't need the desert.. really didn't need it.. but I ordered it anyway because it did look good.. As soon has the manager said Heath Bar I said DONE, bring it on!Now I should mention I'm not a huge desert person, I rarely order it, but I'm glad I did. The bread pudding is nothing short of amazing. At first bite it's a taste explosion. Not too sweet.. a little spicy.. ?!?! Ok, that's different but IT WORKS!Paired with the fresh made whipped cream.. wow.It really made my dining experience complete.Pricey, a little, but at least the quality really is there. Certainly better then the majority of the over hyped over yelped places in Miami.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,6/23/2013,126,295,2,4,3>Tequiztlan is a stylish, reasonably priced and delicious new entry to the growing Sunset Harbor food scene....unquestionably Miami's new Restaurant Row.The space, located in the retail component of the new parking garage, is industrial chic loft-style.....high ceilings, exposed ductwork , cool lighting that changes colors and  vintage Mexican poster art on the walls.They really paid a lot of attention to the details..even the glassware is very attractive.Service is very organized, friendly and attentive.I sat at the enormous bar that dominates the space...it must be 50 feet long, and was attended to by the lovely Stephanie, who took the time to explain that the salsa, margarita mix, sangria and watermelon juice was all house prepared.I ordered the soft taco sampler, a margarita, and a couple of Negra Modelo drafts while I watched the first quarter of the Heat game (sound off, so no annoying ads blasting).The food was great and Stephanie was constantly checking on me to make sure everything was OK.Prices are very fair, especially for the location. I will be back for sure.The only thing that might hurt them is their name....gringos might have a hard time pronouncing and remembering it, but just head over.At the moment they are only open for dinner, but I was told that they will start serving breakfast and lunch soon too, as well as a happy hour.Next Cinco de mayo, they are throwing a huge block party....these are the same owners of El Rancho Grande of Pennsylvania Ave. and Lincoln Rd., which closed last year and took their street party with them.  Lucky for me the new location is only 5 minutes from my condo.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,6/22/2013,268,629,4,4,4>i first heard of dr bestard a few years ago from a close friend who swears by him. she told our whole group of friends we had to make the switch to him, but we all disagreed stating we were happy with our ob's.fast fwd 2 years... im now pregnant and after a few factory like appointments with my old obgyn group of several years, i realized my trust-worthy friend was right and made the phone call to switch doctors immediately.i was almost done with my first trimester and having a great pregnancy, but i still had many doubts and concerns. i felt sad and uneasy about not only switching doctors but hospitals as well. i guess the fear of the unknown.that was until i met with dr. bestard 6 months ago. he was so great, so easy to talk to, so thorough. i felt like i was his only patient that day. he took his time to go over everything with me from a to z, and everything in between.  he explains things and the reasons behind it, makes it easy to understand for first time moms. i never felt rushed or like i was asking a dumb question. he makes my husband feel a part of every appointment as well, not like he was just a sperm donor and irrelevant to the process. his answers are always so genuine and real. every question i have asked (and there have been a lot) from cord blood banking to drinking wine to placenta previa, c-section vs vaginal, he always has a answer that i like. nothing that seems scripted or that he is just covering his ass for liability. he seems to actually care about me. he even called me, himself, after hours, one night just to check in and see how i was feeling.besides all these wonderful things - his office runs very well. they are so organized. i did have to wait about an hour for one appointment but when you realize the personal attention and care he gives to every patient you know its worth the wait! the bathrooms are always spotless clean and the staff is always plesant. im usually in and out of there in half an hour!oh yeah one more thing - they are a large group of doctors, i think 6 or 7 ob's but dr. bestard acts more as a sole practitioner. im not forced to make the rounds and meet all the doctors. i meet with him and only him at every appoitnment. the last few weeks i will have the option of meeting with another doctor or two. life happens and there is of course a chance dr. bestard will not be available to deliver my baby but he will make it a priority bc im his patient and its very important to him to build that relationship and follow thru. its so important to feel a connection with your doctor, to trust him, and feel confident and comfortable that you are in willing and capable hands. and i have found that in dr. bestard.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,6/21/2013,233,409,10,14,9>For my 300th review I've decided to keep it in the hood and review my local artisan sausage maker in Miami Shores.The fact that I have a sausage store within walking distance makes me absolutely giddy.  In fact, I think that the real estate values in the shores just went up big time thanks to Proper Sausages.  I nearly fell out of my seat when I read these guys had opened in the Shores.  Being a big fan of Blue Collar I had to check out the purveyors of their sausage delights.  This place is perfect - fresh made varieties of sausage made daily along with burgers, meatballs, and other fresh cuts of meat , a carnivore's dream!  We tried the followng:Proper Sausage - Berkshire pork, fresh sage, mace, black pepperFig & Blue Cheese - Berkshire pork, figs, blue cheese, balsamic vinegarThe Proper Chorizo -Berkshire pork, alderwood smoked Berkshire pork, paprika, fresh garlic, oreganoAll were very delicious in their own right.  The chorizo had a nice kick to it, the Proper was elegantly yummy, and our favorite the Fig & Blue cheese was melt in your mouth rich and decadent.  I was dying to try the Lamb & Harissa but they had not finished the batch for the day yet. I will definitely try this the next time.The owners Freddy & Danielle were an absolute delight.  We chatted up with them for a bit and they gave us great tips on cooking the sausages.  They even broke open a bottle of Micheal's genuine draft for us to try.Speaking of beer, they have a decent selection of craft brews here.  We also picked up some Cigar City Florida Cracker while we were at it.  They also have wine and some selections for lunch.This place is the best and I will be visiting often.  Do yourself a favor and come here.Welcome to the Shores Proper Sausages!!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,6/20/2013,619,794,8,11,11>I'd been here 2 or 3 times in the past, but it was always at the end of the night after we'd already hit a few other places so I didn't feel I'd spent enough quality time at Abraxas to properly review it.Most recently I came here as part of a group, and this was a good choice - There was plenty of room to accommodate us, even on a Saturday evening, and there were a few cozy seating areas and tables available for us to spread out a bit as well, as not everyone wanted to sit at the bar.   Their beer selections ran the gambit in varieties/types, alcohol content and price, and the staff was helpful at choosing different beers to try, I simply had to indicate what I was in the mood for or what my preferences were (i.e. I explained that I wasn't a fan of IPA or sour, was looking for XYZ, etc. and they basically said "Oh, you should try ____, then").  Their suggestions were always spot on.Beers here start at about $6 each and go up from there and their selection, as others have mentioned, is pretty amazing.  The atmosphere is definitely laid back and chill in this dark bar in the bottom of an apartment building.   My only real critical comments are that 1) They only have 1 restroom and it's unisex, so when this place is full of people who are drinking, there's nearly always a line to use it.   Also, 2) IMO the service could be faster if they'd have more of the beers they offer in coolers out front near the bar, or if they'd take a few orders at a time before going back to retrieve them.  I've noticed during all my visits here that they'll take an order from someone, then disappear for a few moments while they leave the bar and go around the back to get the drink(s) they've ordered, then return, serve them and ring them up.  Then they'll take the next customer.   Not terrible if the place isn't busy, but it can be a bit frustrating when there are more than a few patrons in the place.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/19/2013,529,642,14,23,18>Those of us who miss Tudor House were anxiously awaiting chef Jamie DeRosa's next venture. After what seemed like an uncomfortably long duration without Tudor's famous huevos rancheros, Cuban sandwiches, popcorn milkshakes and Moscow Mules, he finally opened a restaurant of his own in the South of Fifth neighborhood. This is Tongue & Cheek, and it is a welcome sight. I'm a big fan of the decor and general feel of the place. It's sophisticated, but not snooty. There's a long, clean-looking bar on the right; let's begin here and mention happy hour. Many restaurants and bars these days feature quality "craft cocktails," but more often than not, happy hour is a disappointment. Instead of that tasty-sounding signature cocktail on the menu you really want, the happy hour options are typically much less interesting. Not here! Weekday happy hour is between 5 and 7, and that means all the cocktails, except for the sole liquid nitrogen option, are half off. Specials on bar bites and craft beer are also available, but back to the drinks. This is good stuff, people. I've worked my way almost through the whole cocktail menu, and there's not a subpar option to be found. I particularly enjoy the Kentucky Colada, essentially a pina colada made with Bulleit Rye instead of rum. This works so much better than I ever would have imagined - apparently, rye whiskey, coconut and pineapple are tailor-made for each other. It's very sweet, and for the most part I'm not even a huge fan of such sweet cocktails, but I'm raving about this one. Also, try the Red Dawn, Tongue & Cheek's take on the classic Moscow Mule. Tudor House used to make a phenomenal Mule, but I have to say, this one elevates it to greater heights. Not only does it feature ginger beer with some real ginger bite, which, let's be honest, is a prerequisite for any halfway decent Moscow Mule - but it also is made with Woodford Reserve bourbon, and fresh rhubarb. Even considering those two, my favorite on the menu might well be the T&C Classic Whiskey Sour. Superbly drinkable, with excellent sweet/tart balance.Food-wise, look at the menu, and you'll see that there's no real "theme" - this is just chef DeRosa doing what he wants to do, drawing from many regional culinary traditions. I haven't worked through nearly as much on the food menu as I have the libations, but I can vouch for a few things. Pan con tomate is a Spanish classic that's popping up on many menus of late. I usually feel like this is a cop-out, but once again, we're not talking about some ordinary bread and tomato - it's been elevated. It's pleasingly garlicked, and beyond that it has a careful honeyed sweetness I really enjoyed. Being a seeker of novelty, the dish I had to have was cauliflower panna cotta with uni and American caviar. It's visually appealing, and the creamy-textured cauliflower marries very well with the soft, briny uni and caviar. This is a sophisticated plate that could make it onto a fancy tasting menu somewhere. You might notice the French Laundry, Bouchon, and Ad Hoc cookbooks sitting behind the bar....I've paged through these books before, drooling, and this dish looks like one of those Thomas Keller creations, straight outta Yountville.I think I'm running out of room, but I have to mention dessert - get the Cracker Jack milkshake. Just get it. Tongue & Cheek occupies a cool niche in the South of Fifth dining scene - honest, mature, inventive food and drink in a modern, upscale atmosphere at reasonable prices. It's hardly been open two weeks, and it's already a new favorite of mine.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/9/2014,53,159,5,7,7>I dined here on July 4th. For a Friday night the place was empty, so we pretty much had our waiters undivided attention. This place is beautiful. The dining room we were seated in had a large chandelier that took my breath away! The seating was very unique and comfortable. Many of the tables had sofa like seating, and some tables had chairs that could accommodate a giant! The ambiance here was truly incredible, making it a great place to celebrate a special occasion. I noticed some reviewers mentioned the music being too loud. It wasn't, however a place that elegant, should have more refined music. We started out with cocktails and wine. Both were good. For appetizers, we ordered the French onion soup and the Diver Sea Scallop Ceviche. My friend wasn't too impressed with the scallop ceviche as he felt it needed more flavor. I thought the onion soup was just okay, but the 2 small servings of beef carpaccio that adorned the top were awesome! They should consider making that into an appetizer!! For the main course, we ordered the Miso marinated Chilean Sea Bass,16oz Boneless Ribeye with a side of Béarnaise, truffled Mac and Cheese Pot Pie, and the Mexican Corn. They were all awesome, but the portion of the Sea Bass was skimpy. Not worth $44! The Ribeye was nicely seasoned and cooked to perfection. It had a nice crust on the outside...just superb. The Mac n Cheese was creamy and flavorful, but I didn't care too much for the "pot pie" type crust that topped it. Despite that, it was still fabulous. The Mexican corn was pretty good, but I wasn't wowed by it. Still a decent choice though. For dessert, we ordered the Grand Marnier Soufflé. I didn't like it. The sauce that accompanied it was too eggy! I wish we would have ordered the Chocolate instead. They have quite a few interesting desserts on the menu. Next time, I'm definitely trying the Blacksmith Pie (chocolate ganache, vanilla custard, whipped cream, chips ahoy). Good lord, it sounds heavenly! Overall, The Forge serves up some great food! It's very pricey though! Dinner for two with the above, 3 beverages and 2 cappuccinos came to almost $300 with their included 20% gratuity. Very much worth it, in my opinion, and I can't wait to return!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,8/8/2014,944,946,13,20,14>Run, don't walk to NIU Kitchen! Hidden on NE 2nd Ave in the heart if Downtown, NIU is serving up delicious and affordable Catalan cuisine. Don't let the nearly-unpronounceable (for this gringa) names do the dishes discourage you - NIU is where you want to be!Don't kid yourself though - the space is tiny. When the secret about NIU gets out, waiting times for a table will be off-the-charts.  Try to come for lunch or at an odd time - luck could be on your side.The dinner menu is served all day, but during lunch, they offer a few additional options.  I tried the llamantol (a casserole-like dish with layers of avocado, egg, and lobster - very yummy), the ous (poached eggs, topped with potato truffle cream and crispy jamon iberico, served with toast - ridiculously delicious, a must-order!), the les glories salad (with diced tomatoes, apples, mozzarella, olives and mixed greens), and the Spanish cheese trio (featuring drunken goat's milk cheese, manchego, and a third that escapes my memory).Everything was phenomenal, and the portions were decent sizes, especially when sharing among 2 or 3 people.  I was quite content to split the 4 dishes noted above.  Prices are reasonable - expect about $25-30 person if you're splitting several dishes, potentially less if you order 1 or 2 things for yourself.Do yourself a favor and plan to enjoy a meal at NIU Kitchen soon!  It's a great addition to the ever-expanding Downtown dining scene!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,8/7/2014,15,74,4,12,6>Vegan paradise! I must confess I didn't come expecting to buy plenty of fruits and veggies. Nope. I wanted to check out the artisans, those individuals who spend their time creating scrumptious delicacies. And I wasn't disappointed, that's for sure. I started my journey by checking out all stands, and then coming back to the ones that caught my attention. First mandatory stop: Esther's Raw. I was in much need of lunch after my acupuncture session, and I knew from the get go, that Esther's Raw was the one, the chosen, the Messiah. For $12 you get four portions of a wide array of raw dishes, excluding the stuffed mushrooms. And let me tell you, those flavors made my day.  Everything on my plate tasted great. I had the raw version of Pad Thai, ripe plantains or bananas with cilantro and two more that I don't remember their names. It was so good, I had to come back to let Esther know that I loved everything she recommended. I wish I can have some investing money to partner with her in a "raw venture". That will be the Bomb!!!Second stop: Vegan ice cream from Glaser Farms (the biggest vendor on-site). I had half strawberry and half coconut, for $3.75. I was a happy camper; so far my experience was putting a smile on my face. Third stop: While thanking Esther for her amazing meal, next to her was a guy with a coconut stand. You know the actual coconuts, not the Coco Vita you buy at Publix. For $3 he mastered the machete coconut opener and sold me the one with the sweetest water. Not too fast. After I finished, he opened up the whole thing so I can eat the coconut meat. Heaven on earth, my friends!!!Fourth stop: at Britney's stand -or how I call her- the Kamboocha Goddess. For $4, I got a bottle of delicious kamboocha, great for my tummy, with all those necessaries pro-biotic that vegans desperately needs. I finished my adventure, with fresh hummus from Chef Daniel. For $6, I had one of the best hummus I ever tasted. My only complaint: The container its too small. He should sell 2 sizes. One for the first timers and another for the ones like me, that needs more and more.I'll be coming back.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,8/6/2014,348,22,10,16,14>I've been waiting for this place to open for a while now and was so excited to come. As soon as you walk into the restaurant you see the beautiful modern style with the bar located right in the front as one of the first things you see. Very modern style. I couldn't find the hostess because it was so full of people if you take a few steps straight ahead you will see the hostess, behind the group of hungry customers at the front. The hostess informed me that it would take 45 minutes for a party of 2. ( no reservations in the weekend, Friday, Saturday, Sunday). A little disorganized with the whole sitting situation but I'll let this go because it's a new restaurant. I do highly recommend a new way of informing the customers they are being called and the table is ready instead of shouting over a crowd of people. You can't really hear when they are calling you so keep your ears very open. Turns out it took an hour and a half for us to sit down because the hostess was a tad disorganized and kept telling us there was 2 people in front of us. ( reason why I'm giving 4 stars). The food : we ordered the tostones ( brings 4 small sized tostones with vaca frita and pico de gallo, these where delicious !!! Please have them) you will remember me. I had the Cuban Fried Rice ( fried rice with shrimp, pineapple, chicken and a fried egg on top). Cuban bibimbap comes with vaca frita, fried plantains, white rice, black beans, and a fried egg. Dessert : Nutella, condense milk and strawberry pizza. (Like a crepe) The food was all very rich in flavor but our absolute favorite were the tostones !!! So delicious I will be going back because those tostones made up for the wait !
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,8/5/2014,189,216,2,10,6>If you're looking for great neapolitan style pizza, this is the place.My boyfriend had ordered here recently and gotten the Pizza Pazza. I took one bite and WOW. Whatever you do, order this pizza. After that, I came over the past weekend with my best friend to eat in. The restaurant is really cute and cozy inside. They offer a free bottle of wine with the purchase of any two entrees, which we of course took them up on (even though it's just the $3-$4 bottles from Whole Foods, I feel this is a really nice touch). We ordered the Pizza Pazza, the Melanzane App, and the Lasagna. While the Lasagna and the Melanzane were tasty, they suffered from comparison to the Pizza Pazza, which may have been even better than I remembered. I might not order these again, but only because I need more of this pizza in my life.While the pizzas may seem a little pricey ($20 for the Pazza), ours was FULL of shaved black truffles. They're definitely not skimping on the quality of the ingredients and you're getting what you pay for.While we were a bit confused that our app arrived last, it was not big deal because the service by everyone in the restaurant was wonderful. We had 3 or 4 separate people come to our table to make sure we were enjoying our food and having a good time. This kind of attention really adds to the homey feel of the entire place/experience.I don't know that this is the type of food I want to order in again, but a large part of that is because delicious pizza is not all they have to offer. I'll be back in again soon!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,8/4/2014,91,224,3,11,6>I was blown away by the food and their presentation. We had for an appetizer - asparagus gazpacho which contained coriander blossom, jalapeno relish, crab, and salmon roe. However, the star of the night was the maple syrup braised wild boar cheeks They serve you with everything separate - the boar cheeks in a cup, a tube of lemon thyme creme, and a bowl of bacon turnip gratin. I ate the meat and gratin separate, but mixing all of the ingredients together really makes the dish shine. The taste of each ingredient complements the others. I just wish their portion could be a little bit larger.For dessert we had the pineapple cremoux, but don't let the name fool you. It's really pistachio, thai basil ice cream, but still very delicious. Their  wine selection was not bad either. The merlot wine that was served was very smooth. Attended a meeting at this place where dinner was paid. However, a quick glance at the menu showed me that the bill can hurt your wallet somewhat. Also located off of 2nd Ave, so you might feel like you're heading in the wrong direction since the area around it is kinda shady. But once you see the entrance, you're in the right place. Beautiful chandelier.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,8/3/2014,343,219,10,12,11>Lagniappe is located right behind the Midtown shopping mall in an older building. It's such a great place to hang out with friends. They play live music every night, have a great wine and cheese selection, and also an outdoor patio where you can relax and talk. I absolutely love Lagniappe!The place was very cool and the night we went the live music had a gerat vibe to it. You hit the beer ad wine cooler with sliced cured meat appetizers. Order dinner and pay for everything at the counter then you go out back to get your plated appetizer and stainless steel ice bucket. Attention Tourists: Go Here! You'll meet locals who like music. And the setting is great - it looks like a wine store (you choose the bottle you want) and then you take you order out back for the bbq and sides. The food was quite good - especially considering the price! And the wine is very reasonably priced, especially at the higher end.I have yet to stumble to another bar in Miami like Lagniappe. This place/wine house is probably the most relaxing bar I have ever visited in South Florida, and they offer a wide range of drinks for sale and live music. I came here, and the crowd here is unpretentious. The eye candy is unbelievable, so many gorgeous women come to chill here is not even funny. Single guys this the place to come is you are fishing for a hottie or your next girlfriend. They seem like they come here for a place to hang out, enjoy an outdoor patio, savor delicious cheese, and listen to good music. I highly recommend coming on Thursdays and Fridays because a local band called The Wynwood Walls performs, and they put on a good show.The interior of Lagniappe has very limited seating, so make sure you arrive around 8 pm to secure indoor seating. If you cannot secure indoor seating, the outdoor patio is completely amazing. The weather outside is usually pleasant, and there are a lot of places to sit. However, Lagniappe is becoming more mainstream, so finding seats here may be a challenge as well, but you are more than welcome to grab any chairs lying around and a small table, and set up there. Grabbing a glass of wine and enjoying this environment is a good way to relieve stress.The refrigerators at the side when you walk in are stocked with cheese and fresh deli meat. I highly recommend the brie and prosciutto and to have it plated with crackers, olives, and jam. It is really delicious, but if you want a more filling meal, you may want to try the Asiago, the smoked Gouda, the Salami. We also ordered a nice bottle of Pinot Grigio and some Prosecco  I cannot stress how friendly and unpretentious the atmosphere is at Lagniappe. Everyone is just so friendly and welcoming. In my opinion, it is the best place to go if you want to relax outside and drink a glass of wine, and feel as if you are at your best friends backyard.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,8/2/2014,284,497,7,10,8>Formerly Shing Wang Bubble Tea cafe, D.K. seems to be under new management but still offers inexpensive Chinese fare and an array of fruit flavored bubble teas. First good sign? Our faces were the only non-Chinese ones in here. The bubble tea is delicious. Get it without honey or sugar, as the flavored juice they add is plenty sweet already. Mine was Kiwi Green tea.The dumplings are inexpensive- between $7 and $9, and you get a generous serving of 6-8 large packets of joy. Vegetarians beware, most of the so-called vegetable dumplings contain ground pork so ask the server, who speaks English perfectly well. The pan fried vegetable dumplings were huge and delicious. Granted, the wrappers weren't delicate perfection as you may find in China, San Francisco or NYC, but pretty darn good for Miami.Get the scallion pancakes. If you've never had them, they are crispy fried flaky, thin pancakes made from just wheat flour and hot water, brushed with sesame oil and chopped scallions mixed into the batter. They serve them here with this spicy dipping sauce, which makes them all the more addicting. I had to get a second order, as they are impossible to stop eating. They also serve stir fried entrees in the $12 range that come with rice. They are meant to share family style, so portions are large enough for two people. This will be my bookmarked spot for when my dim sum craving hits. I just wish there were more vegetarian or seafood only options.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,8/1/2014,130,43,6,10,8>Casolas pizza is that place that all 90's kids under the age of 21 hung out, after 1am. It was weird visiting it today (a wednesday) mid afternoon. It has a completely different vibe to it all together. This  review is going to be pretty short and sweet. It's Pizza, it's delicious and honestly it's pretty inexpensive when you consider that ordering one slice of pizza is more than enough to make for a full meal.Secrets:Order the croissant sandwiches they are damn tasty!Order the chicken wings, they are HUGE, if it's just for you, order the 6 piece. Trust meAfter you get your fill of pizza walk 3 feet to the right and get some Bassett's IceCream (look for my review on them) it won't disappoint.  Pros:HUGE slices of pizzaGet the cheese pizza it's honestly simple and greatIts a local legend, so your supporting the community by not ordering from Pizza house (or whatever it's called)Its open 24 hours which is perfect on a friday/saturday night out on the townFree pizza! Thats right, while your waiting for your pizza to cook, they actually slice up pieces of pizza for you to nibble on while you wait. How great is that!Cons:After all these years, it's still cash only. UGH!If you order more than 2 toppings it becomes a greasy mess (but its still tasty)Parking can be a mission during peak timesThat late night crowd can be quite annoying, just saying.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,7/31/2014,56,95,2,11,4>I love coming here, it's my happy place.  Let's begin with parking.  They have a parking garage where it's never taken me longer than 3-4 minutes to find a spot (I'm not talking December 24th here!).  Not sure about the other major retailer(s), but if you have a Nordstrom card, they will validate your parking for up to 2 or 3 hours, can't recall.  This is regardless of a purchase or not.  If you don't have a card, they will validate with any purchase.  I am yet to pay for parking here.Yes, you can spend oodles of money here, or you can find magnificent bargains, as I have.  On a recent visit I stopped at J.Crew and headed straight for the clearance section, where everything had an additional 40% off.  I walked out with a full bag of goodies for $109.  You also have Francesca's Closet which carries adorable boutique-style clothing and accessories at very affordable prices (tops for under $45).  There is also Banana Republic, Ann Taylor and a few other places where you can hunt for bargains.  The sales associates at Tommy Bahama here extremely helpful as well.My main reason for coming here is Nordstrom, where you are guaranteed to find what you need without breaking the bank.  Granted, some of their departments don't have quite the selection that other nearby mega-malls have, but in a pinch, you will find what you need.While I rarely shop at the higher end stores, I do window shop on occasion, when it's time to splurge.  Be it Neiman Marcus, Gucci or Carolina Herrera, the customer service has been wonderful and not as intimidating as one would think.Lastly, you have at least 4 sit-down dining options: Yard House, Crave, Villagio and SAWA. If you are looking for a pleasant shopping experience and aren't in the mood for the craziness of mega-malls, head on over to Merrick Park.  It's a breath of fresh air (literally)!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,5/29/2013,1208,265,5,5,7>I love this place.  Probably the best place to eat in Ocean Reef.  When you enter you will see a intimate little bar, make sure you grab a drink.   They know how to pour.  They also have a nice wine selection, but I recommend starting with a house bloody mary - they go great with the fish you are about to eat.  The bar is so cozy and nice - don't forget going for dinner. The restaurant atmosphere is very simple, open and nautical themed.  The service is beyond excellence.  As you would expect, this is a fish place, and they have a very nice variety of hard to get fish.  They also have a nice sushi bar at the end of the restaurant.The food is simply prepared because the ingredients are so high quality.  There is no reason to ruin a fish, that was just caught, with a ton of oil and butter.  They have a huge variety of fresh catch.  Try something different.  I highly recommend the Hog Snapper.  They serve a nice sized piece of fish that can be shared.  We had all our vegetables steamed.The desserts are also very nice.  Try the chocolate brownie.A very enjoyable experience and will certainly be back soon.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,5/28/2013,35,11,6,7,7>I've got nothing bad to say about the new Marlin's park.  Structurally, it's a very cool looking park.  This park is not for baseball traditionalists; it's nothing like Fenway, it doesn't feel like the old Yankee Stadium.  It's Miami.  It's large, it has  bright lights, it has a gaudy mechanical statue in the outfield that lights up when a player bats a homerun, and yes, it even has cheerleaders (wait, cheerleaders at a baseball game? Yep, and curiously they're wearing a sort of toy solider meets Nutcracker uniform, but that's for another review). The food is great in terms of sporting event food. A good mix of traditional ballpark favorites like hotdogs, sausage and peppers, nachos and beer - but with the Miami Chicken Kitchen Chop Chop and Cuban sandwich thrown into the mix.  There's a Sir Pizza, too! You can get relatively OK seats for under $20, but the food and concession stands are pricey.  We have sat in a variety of different locations and it seems that you can get a good view wherever you're sitting.Also worth mentioning that I've been coming to Marlin's Park since it opened and it has always been clean, which is a plus for me.  As most people have mentioned, the ballpark is air conditioned, which is fantastic for us here in Miami.   It's easily accessible if you take the train - the trolly picks you up nearby and drops you off at the ballpark.  Trollys are free, air conditioned, convenient and also very clean.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,5/27/2013,1381,665,9,11,9>Dear Adrienne Arsht Center,I have had the amazing pleasure of attending a few different events and functions here, as well as shows; however, only at the Ziff Ballet Opera House.  I don't know how I haven't seen anything at your Concert Hall yet...?  Anyhow, I love coming here!  I love anytime there is a reason for me to be here.  It's a lovely place that includes a beautiful restaurant, Prelude by Barton G.  The architecture is simply stunning; a breath-taking addition to the Miami night sky.Inside, it seems that there are really no bad seats.  Even from the seats above, the venue is designed with good acoustics & a great view.  I love when you have shows (like the Houdini show) in the more intimate setting, which I think is a different area than the main theater.  I saw a Cirque de Soleil there, as well, that was similarly intimate and it just made it such an amazing experience.  Most recently I saw the Donkey Show!  What an amazing time that was, signing, dancing and just groovin' to the music!!  I definitely want to attend more shows just like that.I definitely want to give you credit for the amazing staff that works here.  Everyone is knowledgeable about the venue (nearest bathrooms, bars, etc.) and service-oriented, which is a pleasure.Thank you for bringing some culture into Miami!  Loving what you do!!Break a Leg,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,5/26/2013,99,196,6,6,5>It was that evil, and inevitable, time of the year where I was turning one year older. Realizing that I am currently going through a quarter life crisis for some time now, I really wanted to do something fun for my 6th (or is it 7th?) 21st birthday. Being known for my affinity to burst out into random song and dance, my friend recommend going to Sing Sing for my birthday. Karaoke for my birthday? Sign me up!I arrived early with one friend and Sing Sing was, well, empty. There were only two older gents in the place as well, so my friend and I proceeded to take our seats at the bar with a slight hesitation. We had a very nice bartender who gave me a liquid courage shot on the house for my birthday, thanks for that! Eventually, the rest of my friends began to pour in and we all sang the night away. Sing Sing was pretty empty the entire time we were there, but it was great for my group because we basically took over the mic and bar for the whole night. Throughout everything the staff was really nice to us. They were accommodating and helped me have a great birthday. Sing Sing also offers a large variety of different songs to sing. They have the old standards such as Living on a Prayer, and Don't Stop Believing. But, I was pleasantly surprised to see that they offered a lot of recent songs as well.Unfortunately, the night (more like morning) had to come to a close, and my friends forced me to leave. I just wanted to belt out one more tune, and I was told it would have to wait. I would love to visit Sing Sing again and get my hands on that mic to perform for all to hear. Everyone I was with had a really great time, and the massive hang over I had the next day just verified how great the night before was.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,5/25/2013,278,388,6,12,11>While close enough to the many places you already go to, you'd probably never think to stop on this particular city block until now.But once you do, you'll discover a very laid back spot that describes themselves as a " New Orleans-style wine house with live music 7 night's a week.The building itself consists of a large concrete storefront on the first floor that they warmed up real nicely with antique throw rugs, comfy couches, lamps, wine racks, and stand up piano.  I play a mean version of Chop-sticks, btw : DThere's a walk up fridge where you can select from an assortment of craft brews, chilled wine, champagne, cheeses, and meats.  You just bring it to the counter and they'll uncork and give you your plates.  They've also got a small menu of prepared and griled items as well.  They even have short-term apartment units upstairs.  Intended for the visiting musicians, but I think others could take advantage of them should vacancies arise.When you get to the back of the place you'll find this huge back yard stocked with lawn furniture scattered all over the property and a small stage.  At night the back area is lit up with nice little x-mass lights.I see this backyard becoming a big draw especially in season when the evening climate is at it's best.  Hopefully they'll set up a bike rack for Miami's every growing bicycling night set.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,5/24/2013,321,445,1,7,5>The REAL DEAL.I lived in Los Angeles for 2 years, and really enjoyed the authenticity of the Asian cuisine there. It is far easier to find a good Japanese place there, and as much as there are very good sushi places in South Florida, finding a place that does non-sushi Japanese cuisine is VERY hard. This place is actually 35 minutes away from where I live, and the first time I went, I didn't look at their listing's schedule info... They close for a few hours between lunch time and dinner time, and I happened to show up during their in-between break. I was a cranky, hungry lady! Lucky for me, although I never hang out in Doral, I had to return a few days later, and it happened to be during lunch time, so I went in. Well worth the initial hassle!Since you can really have sushi in many places in Miami and Broward, I really had my mind set in having a nice katsu cutlet with Japanese curry. Upon reading the menu, however, the Dragon Roll caught my eye, so I ordered it as an appetizer, and also ordered the Chicken Katsu as an entrée. - Dragon Roll: Small pieces -- perhaps the server knew it was way too much food for me -- and although I'm usually a fan of eel sauce and spicy mayo, this roll had none, but it was SO FRESH it needn't any!- Chicken Katsu pieces with a side of steamed white rice: I actually thought it would be a cutlet, but it came in pieces; it was delicious, though, so no complaints! The Japanese curry dipping sauce comes on the side. This dish, and apparently most of them come with no rice, so I ordered it as a side. Just perfect!- Iced Green Tea: Yaaaay! I know it sounds silly, but I love me some iced green tea! Not a lot of places offer it, so it was a perfect touch.They had a good selection of desserts, including red bean ice cream, green tea ice cream, and all sorts of yummy tempura sweets, but I was stuffed -- and avoiding having to call a tow truck to take me back to my car -- so I kept my dignity, and didn't have any.The total with tax and 18% tip was around $30. Not bad!I love the fact that they also make ramen! I mean, you can get sushi, Japanese curry AND ramen in the same place. That is rare in South FL!It's also worth the mention that the place was totally packed at lunch time on a Monday.So in short: try it, even if you have to drive a little. Maido wasn't the Best Japanese Restaurant in 2011 per the Miami New Times for nothing.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,5/23/2013,365,232,13,17,15>SINFULLY DELICIOUS.  And pretty, too.  This place is the latest SoFi stunner in a neighborhood that seems to get greater every day.  It is absolutely superb.  Not to be missed. And for God's sake--go hungry!I was celebrating a birthday spa day with a friend at the "Bentley Beach Club" at the Hilton around the corner, and we were feeling peckish around lunch time, so we strolled around the corner to La Gloutonnerie.  The outdoor seating area is absolutely charming.  Service was impeccable throughout the meal. We each ordered a 3-course "chef's special" lunch.  Our waitress warned us that it would be too much, but we were tempted to try different things on the menu, so we threw caution to the wind.  We ended up having the entrees boxed to go because after enjoying the salad and a gazpacho, we decided to go straight to dessert.  Truthfully, a single 3-course meal would have been quite satisfactory for two.The food was absolutely sublime.  This place turns the old truism, "small portions=fine food," completely on its head.  Plates are as generous as they are delicious at La Gloutonnerie.As we sipped the last of our sparkling wine lounging on the terrace surrounded by flowers and satiated by the most luxurious French cuisine, we started planning future visits to La Gloutonnerie--"We MUST try the brunch." "And isn't Laura's birthday coming up?" "Flag day?" "Bastille Day?" Any day is a great day for a restaurant as splendid as this one.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,5/22/2013,155,38,11,14,11>We tried El Mago again after hearing everyone raving about it and seeing that even Obama was a fan, we had to give it another shot.I'm so glad we did.El Mago (not sure was his actual name is) started making our order after the server put it in. An endearing old man, he reminded me of my grandma when after he made our fritas he stopped what he was doing and came over to us on the counter. When we took our first bite he was waiting for our reaction. He asked, "Y que? Que tu cres?" or basically in spanish, how was it? As if my satisfied face wasn't enough (he was still waiting) I grunted out, "muy rico!" This seemed to please him and he went back to his magic on the grill. We ordered the original, the "presidencial" (with cheese) and the "a caballo" (with a fried egg on top). The original was very good, just as it should be with fresh fried julienne papitas. The one with cheese though was not my favorite. El Mago even told us it's not for everybody. Personally I think cheese on a frita is messing with perfection but tomato tomatto....The a Caballo frita was my favorite being as it had a perfectly cooked over-easy, runny egg inside the frita. DANG, that was freakin' delicious!El Mago also has daily specials of hard-to-find Cuban dishes like Ajaco(?), Chicharo, Caldo Gallego and Chicharones. We will definitely be back sooner rather than later!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,5/21/2013,235,198,5,10,5>Um this place is awesome! When you enter you go through the tiny store they have but immediately to your left are bits of history hung on the walls. Now the reason we went here was for a daddy and son photo shoot. Warning they do charge for professional photography, $75.00 to be exact! We have used CaryDiazPhotography for a while now and love her style so when she mentioned this place it was a no brainer, however the charge wasn't fun, but we stated that we were family and it was only to take a few pictures... The lady asked if there was going to be any outfit changes or anything like that and we said no which was true, so we just had to pay admission! Boy we lucked out. ***The first Saturday of every month is free admission***You walk outside and they have railroad tracks with a kiddie train. Super cute. Underneath the shelter (perfect for when it rains which it did!) are the huge trains I guess they're called carts? Well there's plenty and and different types too. You can go inside and all. They have staged oldie carts with vintage luggage on top. So cool! Okay so they actually have moving trains and you can hop on a train for a little ride. Overall it's a great place to walk around explore and capture great photos even if you're not a pro. The bathrooms are clean they have vending machines as well... And if you're to do some activities the zoo is right next door!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,5/20/2013,47,13,8,12,5>Oh my! I had to write this review while my belly was nice and full after eating here. I work in the U.M. hospital area and was looking for some cheap food, which isn't easy in these parts. I checked my "Miami Cheap Eats" app and ran accross Enriqueta's. It said that it might have the "best pan con bistec in town"... and I, always on the search for the best pan con bistec, had to try it.Now, I've been here before, once, for breakfast, nothing to write home about. Which was why I don't think of it as a place to go, but I decided to get the pan con bistec to go. OMG !!!It stunk up my car of delicious sauteed onions and mojo. I was drooling and couldn't wait to head back to the office to get at it. Now, I didn't eat this sandwich, no. I DEVOURED IT!The steak had super mojo power! and the sauteed onions, cheese (new to me), and toasty cuban bread.. I had to stop myself from eating the whole thing, though I got pretty close to it. I'm gonna post a picture of it mid-eat. Now this might rival Los Palacios de Los jugos as the best pan con bistec,but I think I'm just gonna have to get both of them to do a side by side comparison ;0)I don't care about the service, I came, paid, and got my food. But this is a no frills place, and I'm ready to accept the bad service if I ever decide to eat in. I've found my new lunch spot... I'll be seeing you soon ladies.Please go and get this trophy of a sandwich... you will not regret it! And I KNOW pan con bistec.. this is amazing!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,11/13/2012,41,117,9,8,7>There is a beauty to the pretentiousness of Miami: leagues of twenty-somethings acting like they're adults. Maybe they have a job...maybe they don't. Rent is paid by daddy and the credit cards are linked to mom's account. Hyde fits so well in to that scene...but Hyde's magic "salt-air margarita" saves it from the likes of the fedora-sporting males and females who make my life miserable. And if that drink weren't enough to salvage Hyde, there's a list of drinks that can.The decor is unlike anything I've seen on Miami Beach. Very reminiscent of California-decor, but ironically nothing like Hyde in Los Angeles. Light, retro-mod, and airy...like the Brady Bunch's Malibu beach house circa 2012. I was one in a group of five and at midnight on a Saturday we had no problems grabbing a table and camping out for an hour or so. Light wood, plants, and an ocean breeze make a pleasant watering hole. People complain about the prices, but you get what you pay for. End of story.Downside? They closed at 2AM...so, yeah. Have a backup plan. Ours was FDR at Delano. Make a night of it!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,11/12/2012,323,315,16,19,17>Ok, I'll admit it...I have a problem.     It started several years back in France, and as the trend has begun to catch on in the States, I have become increasingly obsessed with macarons.  While Miami now offers several options on this front, in my opinion far too many are merely mediocre versions, too dry, too crumbly, or the filling just does't quite work.  If I want a vanilla macaron, I would like to get a product that is not stuffed with a chocolate ganache, I want a true vanilla filling, preferably made with real vanilla (often obvious by the bespeckled vanilla bean appearance).  Thankfully the Macaron Gods have answered our prayers in the form of a new high quality macaron shop in South Miami.     The new outpost of my favorite shop from Winter Park, Tampa, and supposedly Boca, brings some of the highest caliber macarons, and the most unique flavors, to a spot along Sunset.  White Chocolate Basil, Chocolate Ginger, Sicilian Pistachio, Colombian Coffee, and several others are lined up like colorful loaves of bread in a bakery, ready to be devoured.  Swoon!   Each is absolute perfection, with the magically wonderful chewy factor to the crunchy shells, and a number of innovative and sensational fillings.  The price tag is a bit higher than I'd like to spend for such a small confectionary, but let's be honest, Even with years of training I doubt that I could ever make anything even close to those heavenly morsels.     In addition to a small army of palate-pleasing, rainbow macarons, Le Macarons also offers some masterful (and delectable) chocolate truffles, creamy gelatos, and other assorted typical French confections, like financiers.  Addionally, I believe they have some drink options available, like coffee, to wash down the addictive snacks.So be sure to save room for dessert, cause Le Macaron ensures these sweet treats will leave you craving fix after fix!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,11/11/2012,86,41,14,9,7>I think it's safe to say that this is now my favorite bar in Brickell. Think "LA '50s lounge" and that's Blackbird. I've gone here a mere three times (well, five if you count when it used to be Transit Lounge) and let me tell you, A+ experience every time. Unlike many bars in Miami, you will not find the following: -Ear deafening music from DJ Papichulo-Overpriced drinks-Dull bartenders-A crowd of people who look like they learned English 5 minutes ago. But what you WILL find in Blackbird is:-Great music. Many of my friends are music nazis and they were very pleased to hear mashups of The Black Keys, NWA, and AWOLNATION. Not only was the music good, it was played at a level where you can actually hear the person next to you. Imagine that!-The drinks were unique and affordable for college students like us. I ordered a Blue Bonnet (a Vodka & Mint combination) and it tasted amazing. The next drink I ordered was.......well, I can't remember (that's how good the drink was!). But it did have a whole egg inside and thus tasted like eggnog. -The service was amazing. The bartender was pretty funny, and honored the special where you get a free shot if you check in on Facebook. (I feel like most bartenders ask "WAT EZ FASEBUK AND 4SQUARE?", so it was awesome that she knew exactly what we wanted). Our waitress was pretty cool too, she even gave us a free shot because they were busy and service was slow. Awesome. -Like I mentioned earlier, Blackbird has a Mad Men theme to it, and a lot of circular booths with a table in the center so you can fill in with your group. But the best part is that each table gets the option of playing Chutes & Ladders, Connect Four, or Jenga. (if this isn't appealing to you then go away). We chose Jenga and spent the next few hours cracking up. There's an outside patio decked out with a bar and some construction (which hopefully is done by now). It has a nice view of some Brickell buildings and the Miami night sky. Blackbird, you have pleased me well beyond my picky expecations. I will most certainly return.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,11/10/2012,330,118,5,6,5>You know when food is just so tasty you roll your eyes to the back of your head and wish the moment never ended? yeah, that's how I felt when I tried Jr's N.A.G. burger, sexy (fried egg on top). How dare they name a burger Not A Girls burger!? I considered that a challenge and now, it's THIS girl's favorite burger. Jr's burgers are seriously delicious, I love the BBQ Bacon Cheddar and the Acosta burger (black pepper aioli, swiss cheese and french onions). I recommend eating their 1/2 lb burgers because if you order a pound they stack up two 1/2 lb patties; not a fan of that, I would prefer a 1 lb patty. Order the garlic cheese fries with your burgers, but beware, it's not your typical cheese fries. This is minced garlic and shredded parmesan cheese. Trust me, still delicious.They have a good selection of craft beers and Arizona Teas and always have daily specials. The staff is really friendly, and there's plenty of free parking on the street. My only real complaint is that they're no longer opened on Sundays, oh how I miss that!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,11/9/2012,235,198,9,14,12>Babies seriously should come with an instruction manual! However Dr. Nunez is like having one! I could not ask for a better pediatrician! :-) I was with another pedi but with a misunderstanding with insurance companies I was assigned to Dr. Nunez until my original pedi was confirmed. For the first time an insurance mix up was beneficial! The receptionist at the front is his wife, and she is super friendly, always asks how things are going, how the family is, etc. Super kind! The nurse is kind as well, always with a smile on her face, and oh so helpful! The waiting room is big, has a section for the kiddies to play, and a TV with the learning channel on, regarding children's health such as what temperature is dangerous and when to bring them in to the doc or to the hospital, food allergies, colic, etc. Very convenient when waiting to be called in, which by the way is not long at all! My total time I have been at the office is about an hour only because I ask a ton of questions.  So when you're called in the nurse measures, weighs, and asks if anything has changed... then off to the room. Dr. Nunez comes in, and greets you like he has known you for years! No handshake here all hugs... The environment is very family-orientated, which makes the office warm. Does that make sense? lol You can tell he enjoys his work because he takes his time with the kiddies, and plays with them. He goes over and beyond to write all the answers to the questions down, so you don't forget, and provides in great detail what to do with medication, and etc. He informs you in great detail, and then asks if there are any questions. You may say well that is how all pedi's are, well buddy you are wrong, because the first pedi was not like this at all. They were cold. Thumbs down. Along the walls in the office are all his awards, history of school, and etc. He has a ton of recognition, being favorite, helpful. Etc. Makes Dr. Nunez that much better ;) & he recognizes his patients as well. I came to the office to pick up some papers, and walking out in the courtyard we pass each other and he stops me hugs and asks if everything is ok. I mean come on awesomeness!I never felt so comfortable to ask a ton of questions, even though they may seem silly. There are not that many rooms for children to be seen in, and they schedule patients very well, the wait time is ridiculously awesome considering it is a doctor's office... We all know when you schedule a doctor's appt. you have to cancel everything else lol funny but so true ---sigh--- BUT not the case here... Now mind you I only come in the mornings, and I have a newborn, BUT the office has been full and the wait time was not long. Okay so get this NOT ONLY is the staff wonderful, the parents of the children are as well! Every time I go we all end up talking having a great time waiting for our turn. This place again is super friendly. If you do not like to have conversations with others, be treated amazingly, like family-orientated atmospheres, then don't come here. Total amaze-balls!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,11/8/2012,350,676,9,17,9>Wonderful Vietnamese restaurant in Davie.Pho 79 is another Vietnamese restaurant that is named Pho "Insert name or number here". This place isn't much different from the other places you find scattered around So Flo, but it does serve up some damn good pho and rice dishes. The place itself is pretty small and is located in the same shopping plaza as Foodtown (Asian/Mexican grocery haven). The service never smiled at us once, but I could care less with food this good. I went with my parents so I ordered the most expensive rice dish (Just Pork chops, chicken, and korean short ribs) I could find. They ordered the largest bowl of pho. The  rice dish was only about $11 and was just huge. The portion was great for the price and the meat was so good, my mouth waters every time I think about it. It comes with your typical side of pickled vegetables and spring rolls as well. The chargrilled pork chops were heaven as you cut through. I love the smell of grilled meat especially when there is lemon grass with it. The taste was even better than the smell. The pork chops were tender and I had no problem devouring every little bit. I even tried scraping some tiny bits of meat off the bone. The grilled chicken is just the same except a bit firmer, but just as tender. The Korean short rib was a bit too fatty but incredible flavor. The pho was just as good as the rice. The smell of the broth draws you in and before you know it, you're finishing up the last bit of soup. The broth and the perfectly cooked pho noodles combined with the massive amounts of meat make it worth your whole wallet. The meat was tender and I love that they give you so much of it. The bowl was large enough to give a newborn baby a bath, so I'm sure it's big enough to feed anyone.My biggest issue with this place (and any other Vietnamese place for that matter) is that, with food this good, they make it downright impossible to choose between a rice dish or a bowl of pho. I struggle with that decision everytime!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,11/7/2012,233,409,8,9,9>The "Pork Corner" pays homage to the Pig.  So much so that newly cooked pigs of the "Caja China" are brought in through the front door of the restaurant to loud fanfare and banging of pots and pans by the employees.  They love pig so much here that you get chicharrones with your bread at every table.  Plus in addition to the famous pan con lechon, you can pretty much order any pork entree you can think of.Despite this fast track to a triple bypass, they welcome gluten free requests....This place is crazy.Anyway if you come here don't bother with anything else - get the pig.  The pan con lechon is in fact as good as advertised.  A large will easily feed 2 people so only order if you are trying out for the Biggest Loser.  If you are here on Thursdays, Saturdays, or Sundays you have to go with the "Caja China" special.  They slow cook a whole pig in a roasting box these days and offer it as an off-menu special.  They roast the pig outside, cut off a chunk and put it on your plate.  The size of this dish is ENORMOUS.  You can easily split the mountain of meat they give you.  The pig comes with the delicious crackling skin attached to some of the moistest, succulent, lechon, ever.  Slather on some garlic sauce and then go into cardiac arrest happy.The place is usually packed so it is not good for big parties.  Also, parking sucks.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,11/6/2012,529,642,5,9,7>I think of Acme as a place where one can stop in for a quick bite and coffee in the morning or early afternoon - not to mention buy fresh bread. Don't think of this as some Big Blow-Out Miami Brunching Destination a la Michael's or Morgan's, or you will be disappointed. It really is just a small bakery that offers some quick breakfast/lunch bites in addition to coffee (serving Panther) and more typical baked goods like coffee cakes, tarts, etc.That said, when I did come here for breakfast, I thought the cornmeal waffles were excellent. They tied in to a memory of waffles I swear I had as a kid, somewhere - a familiar taste from long ago. A small cup of real maple syrup is provided, thankfully - if you've read any of my morning-joint reviews, you know that failing to serve real maple is cause for a drop of 1-2 stars. And that's me letting you off lightly.....if I'm being honest, I think serving fake, HFCS-laden syrup is an offense punishable by execution via firing squad. But with Acme, I don't have to contemplate that. Though I do feel like maybe both the waffles and syrup could stand to be a little more-ish, either more ample themselves, or with some kind of side. It's a shame that bread carries such poor nutritional value, because I adore it. I sampled Acme's sourdough, supposedly made with native yeast from Midtown Miami, and it was on par with good San Francisco sourdough; at least I think so (without having a sample of it to compare side-by-side). If I should need a loaf of fresh bread, Acme's loaves probably shoot to the top of my admittedly short local list. The coffee is expertly prepared, even if it doesn't quite rise to the level you'd find if you actually went to Panther Coffee itself. No matter, it's still superior to most other coffee in the area - even a shade better than adjacent Angelina's, a place also serving Panther. It's also far more convenient during a Midtown shopping excursion to stop in here for a caffeine fix rather than drive over to Panther.Real, old-style bakeries are few and far between in South Florida, and Acme just established itself at or near the top of a very small heap.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,11/5/2012,619,794,9,24,14>This space used to be occupied by BED, and I'm told that Room Service has only been in operation since this past Thursday.  I came here on Saturday night far after the place was already in full lounge/club mode for a friends' birthday celebration.The concept of this restaurant/lounge seems, well, a bit different, and even their website describes it as "experimental".   Earlier in the evening it's supposed to give the appearance of an upscale hotel restaurant, complete with staff in butler, hostess and bellhop uniforms. Upon "checking in", the bellman shows you to your "suite" which is actually a booth and table with flat screen TV, the butler takes your order and they and the bellhops do the serving; desert is served on traditional room service delivery carts.  The food is described as "Soulful American cuisine" by one source, and "American dishes with a Latin flair" in this restaurant's collateral. They also have a happy hour food and drink menu (called "early check in"), with the drinks having hotel themed names.   After 11 p.m. this place is transformed into a lounge/club with ladies in French maiden uniforms doing the serving.As mentioned, I arrived late in the evening, after it'd been transformed into a club/lounge.  On this night there was no wait to get in, most likely because it was only the 3rd night of operation, and though there were security and doormen at the entrance, I didn't pay a cover. The place was full but not packed. We stood at the bar most of the time, where British mixologist Kevin put on a show much like the bartenders in the movie "Cocktail" as he juggled bottles and glasses while creating drinks for the patrons.  Bottle service was also offered, delivered by women in French maid uniforms, and the bottles were delivered with flair - held high in the air as the servers carried them from the service area through the club to the tables, with a sparkler burning away the entire time.   The DJ they had spinning on this night was great and the sound system was perfect for the size of this venue with plenty of bass. They have a video wall near the entrance (on the opposite end of the floor from the DJ), and a decent amount of the usual club lighting and smoke effects, though all the flat screens along the walls were switched off when we were here (perhaps those are only used during dinner).In all an interesting concept.  I have a feeling this place may be a more popular club and lounge than it will be a restaurant, as the whole "upscale hotel wait staff and hotel room service/dining experience in the absence of an actual hotel" theme may not be an easy one for some patrons to grasp.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,11/4/2012,276,303,11,13,12>2 for 1 review:After a busy morning at work and a atrocious train ride home, I was starving, lightheaded and decided I deserved a treat.  10 minutes later I walked into Del Sur for the first time.  Intimate and warm, wine bottles line up the wall and in  the back is an open kitchen for customers to view.  The menu has lots of options and at the recommendation of my waiter, I ordered the Del Sur sandwich.  Delicious!!!  The bread was soft but crisp on the top, the short rib was juicy and flavorful, basically dripping out my sandwich.  The arugula gave it some bite and the cheese and onion duo was melty and DELICIOUS!!!!!Last night was my second visit to Del Sur, this time I decided to share the wealth and brought my boyfriend for late lunch/early diner.  Let's start where every good meal should start, the wine! All the wine here is beyond moderately priced.  We went with a Albarino that was perfect, clean flavors and not overly dry.  A steal for $26.  Next, the Speck and Burrata.  Best burrata I've ever had, drizzled with pesto and smokiness of the speck makes this dish a delightful combination of flavors.  On to the entrees, I had the Corvina with sun dried tomatoes, shaved Parmesan cheese and marbled potatoes (it's like a mash potatoes & sweet potatoes).  The fish was very good but once I tasted it  I immediately wished I would have ordered it with a risotto or pasta.  The good news is my boyfriend ordered the rib eye with a side of linguine, so we shared.  His rib eye was also very good, lots of flavors and juicyyy!So the verdict?  Del Sur is  the new IT spot.  Great ambiance, awesome service & FANTASTIC FOOD!!!!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,7/27/2011,224,140,8,12,9>As a local, I was really looking forward to Haven's opening. I heard a lot about it and I even poked my head before the actually opened to check out the decor.Haven managed to do something that is nearly impossible to do, not let me in the first I visit and still make me like them enough to return.Me and some of my friends, all locals, decided to try Haven on a Saturday night but were told by the " doorman '" that there was a private party and they were full that night. Normally, I would be like " Really ? My  local bar-resto not letting me in ? "I would done a Cee  Lo Green and said " F - you "  never to return. But I was told to please return and if there was anything they could do to make it up call and ask for him. It was done in such a mice manner, we really could not be mad.I have since returned several times for drinks and had nothing but great service, in a colorful atmosphere that everyone else had commented on, that is not a pretentious as one would think considering they have a doorman.Last night I was there for Yelp Eats with some friends & business and had the food for the first time. It is amazing !!!I am just going to tell you try 2 things : The Beef Sliders are the Best I have ever had yes better than Morgans and the Tres Leches Ice Cream with the cookies that are really little caramelized cakes.We ordered more cookies as a side dish !!!The chef came over to ask how we liked the food, ( 7 courses ?  ) even the sushi which I don't like normally was great !!And the doorman I mentioned earlier, he was actually the owner who also came over and spoke to us.If you only think of Haven as night spot for drinks fine but go earlier for the food - nom nom good. Chef  Todd is the man and will gladly give you the recipes !!I am so glad I can walk there
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,7/26/2011,423,372,12,13,17>My second trip to Rik Rak proved to be just as indulgent as the first visit. The staff here is cordial, professional, and dressed to the nines, I might add. But don't think mistake this salon for one with a stuffy stick-up staff, quite the contrary. After ordering up a delicious cafe con leche and reading over the cafe breakfast menu, I was taken over for a uber-relaxa-scalp massage 7 shampoo. Then got a super hip cut and styling, and pedi at the same time. Thanks to Nikki, for the new look and the surprisingly affordable style and maintenance hair tips. What a relief not to be pressured into primo-products, by pretentious peddlers. On my second trip, for a facial with Lucia, she offered up similar, useful, yet simple skin care advice. The facial mask was cool, clean and calming, which is just what I am looking for when I go to a salon. That cherished, yet often overlooked *me* time. As I mentioned in my other reviews, you know the business, be that a salon, restaurant, pub, or boutique, is a winner and you are in the right place, when the staff is proud of their craft and happy to be there.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,7/25/2011,108,209,12,30,15>So I have to admit that I wash most of my dry clean only.  Which is why I only own very few dry clean only items.  I really, truly hate dropping things off, picking them up, worrying about picking them up, etc.  It's the basic reason why I haven't worn a lot of my jackets in a while and just keep buying new ones (I do realize this makes no sense).  I was also always afraid that my things would get ruined, after seeing so many I know have their favorite blouse/skirt/jacket ruined by a dry cleaning experience.After reading the reviews, I felt like the Groupon that popped up one day was a sure sign.  I sent in some emails asking many questions and they patiently answered every single one of them in a timely manner.  I then placed my order online and elected for the ever so awesome pickup and delivery service (I really still can't believe it's FREEEE!), and sent in my comforter ($39.97) and two suit jackets ($12.00 each).  Shortly after I placed my order I received a call from Sudsies to see if I had any questions about the services and make sure that I was having a good experience.  The turnaround time on my items was only a few days (I placed my order on Wednesday, they picked it up on Thursday, and I had everything back on Monday).  The person who picked up my stuff said the normal turnaround is 3 days.  My comforter came back good as new, as did my suit jackets.  From beginning to end, my experience with the service was really great.  I'll definitely be using them again!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,7/24/2011,156,83,7,9,11>Ah, the crowned King of all burger joints. Le Tub has everything you need. Unique style, unsurpassable food, an awesome staff, the perfect location, and even a nice ocean breeze to pamper you while you indulge.I used to live right across the street from this joint, and I'll tell you, I had to muster up the courage to dine here. I'd start getting ready for it on Monday, be pretty hyped up by Wednesday, and, come Friday, I'm like a little kid who is about to get his happy meal.This place was built in '59, as a Sunoco Gas Station, closed by the energy crunch of the early seventies and repurchased in 1974. Personally hand built from the ground up, you walk into this place and the site is absolutely spectacular. Corals, wooden decks and tables, bathroom furniture... I mean, name it, and it's probably there! The atmosphere is kept open and it allows a sort of 'outdoor beach picnic' feel to envelope the place. Very captivating.Aside from the awesome decorations, the food is simply 'to die for'. The shrimp gumbo, the meats, the seafood... everything is just wonderful. But Le Tub is famous for one main thing: The Burgers.A 13oz. Sizzling Sirloin Burger from Heaven itself. A massive thing, probably meant for Gods. Succulent. Juicy. Perfection. Usually takes a good 30 minute wait, but well worth every second. Go out, visit Le Tub with some friends, order this burger and you will see exactly how INDESCRIBABLE it is. There is no comparison. You will fall in love. So much, in fact, that dishing out a good $15 for this meal will add to your love for it. But I won't talk about the price so much. I won't even mention the staff.Only one thing is important here:Le Tub reigns King of all burger joints, and I expect it to remain for a very long time. All hail!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,7/23/2011,566,440,26,18,19>Like a hormone ridden boy in high school I lusted after Sugarcane for a long time, and like a sweet virgin it was worth waiting for! No, honestly, since it opened its door I knew I had to go there, I am not really sure why, but my chance came just tonight, and totally without occasion. Four friends looking for a place to spend the evening catching up and sharing laughs went the wise route of making a reservation and showed up on time and hungry! I was worried at first because the hostess stand is right in the doorway of the restaurant making it look a bit crowded and messy, and the staff seemed a bit overwhelmed. Since people seem to love or hate this place I hoped we would not end up on the lower end of the rating scale. Luckily, we were seated outside where Paolo proceeded to sell us every dish and morsel on the menu to a t! After reading the menu about four times each, taking notes and strategizing our orders we spent the next two hours tasting and swooning over each and every bite! I know everything we ate was good because even the things I wasn't crazy about were well executed and tasted good, they simply were not my taste. Foreplay: Goat cheese croquets (I am not a fan of guava, but this sauce was fantastic) Oxtail topped with duck egg (slow cooked and full of flavor)Diver scallop with miso-honey butter (I wanted to order this 3 more times over)Spiced pig ears (something else that was not my taste, but still interesting)Sex: Lamb Sweetbreads on top of pumpkin puree (almost didn't order this, I cannot tell you how glad I am that I did! ) Veal Kidneys with pesto (not my cup of tea but well cooked)Bone marrow (fat kid awesomeness. Do not overlook the salt)Pillow talk: Pear Cobbler (tasted like Smacks cereal, number 3 on the dessert list)Torrejas (Delicious!)Ricotta cheese cake (Served with a pink peppercorn ice cream, this has to be the most interesting dessert I have ever eaten. I do not think I can find something to top it!)When we were done, we looked at each other around the table with expressions of utter bliss and satisfaction. Sugarcane was the best we had ever had. Anybody got a cigarette?
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2010,7/22/2011,330,118,10,14,13>I too waited to write my review on Sweetness. I felt like it was too good to be true and that my next visit was going to suck. Yeah several visits later and this place is still effin' awesome. Anyone who knows me knows I hate leaving my 4 corners (DD,Brickell, Gables and Grove) but I definitely will take a trip for some delicious cupcakes and goats from this place. Ohhh emmm geeee are those goats delicious! super soft, fudgy and out of this world amazing! It truly lives up to its name, greatest of all time! The little cupcakes are also divine and I love that they have soo many flavors. I follow them on twitter to keep up with the daily specials. My favs include thrilla in vanilla, red velvet, guava, nutella and the peanut butter cupcake. I also love that this place is cozy and that the staff is uber friendly. Even when I show up tipsy at 2 AM on a Saturday they're still nice. I love playing uno and other board games and just chillin' with my sweets. I swear every time I'm in the area I convince whoever I'm with to go to Sweetness. Anytime of the day, I don't care. I know they recently expanded to food but I have yet to try it...gives me an excuse to go soon! Overall, I truly recommend this place to everyone! Hey Sweetness, care to expand to the downtown area? just asking!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2011,7/21/2011,350,676,8,10,11>Fantastic little Vietnamese place!The vietnamese food here is great. The service is stellar and the place looks and feels homely enough. It is small though, so be ready for a tight squeeze.I've always loved the rice dishes here. Grilled chicken (or pork) with shredded pork, fried egg, and vegetables on rice!? My mouth waters just thinking about it. (I'm not kidding!) The grilled chicken or pork are chargrilled to perfection. The shredded pork is an addiction. The pho here is sensational as well. Wonderful beefy broth with all the different kinds of meat. (Tripe, brisket, tendon, beef balls, etc) The noodles are perfect. I always put some pepper and sriracha in it too. The best part though? The sheer SIZE of the pho. They bring it to you in a giant bowl and expect you to eat it all!? I love it.The summer rolls are good. The spring rolls are great too, but they can get a little greasy. Overall, great place to go. Definitely worth a visit. The prices are great for what you get. Afterwards you can go to the asian market a couple of doors down on the same shopping strip.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,7/20/2011,170,440,9,15,13>Hidden away in a some what difficult place to find is this tiny cupcake heaven! It actually took us 2 tries to find it, but darn glad we did. it is located in a large warehouse area - if traveling east on NW 12th Street you turn on 93rd court - go down the street where you can make first left and then go until you can make 1st left again into parking lot area. there will be lots of small front warehouse shops - look for 9340.... one catch only - they do not open to the general public mon-fri - only for pickup orders - but on sat 11 - 5pm all are welcomed!! very nice guy, owner we guess, explained that the flavors vary from sat to sat cause it is in accordance with orders they receive during the week and just bake a bit more to have to sat's sale. today we were fortunate to have the following mini flavors available: 1) Vanilla cupcake filled with Nutella -what can i say, my taste buds are jumping for joy!!! this little mini was a super moist fresh lite cake filled generously with delicious nutella. topped with a just as delicious butter cream frosting. 2) Churro cupcake - this was a must try - never had a churro cupcake flavor before. it was good, no frosting or filling - best comparison for us is to a delicate coffee cinnamon cake 3) Chocolate on Chocolate - an chocolate addicts fix! this was moist chocolate cupcake filled with Ghirardelli chocolate chips topped with a delicious smooth rich chocolate buttery frosting. finger lick-in yummy! 4) Red Velvet - delicious - kinda corny but gotta say it "Velvety" 5) Toasted Coconut - i am crazy over coconut!!!  it is hard to find a good coconut cupcake, my hats off to In style - the coconut was amazing! super moist cake filled with heavenly flakes of coconut through out.  vanilla buttercream frosting topped off with just the right amount of toasted coconut flakes!!  A tropical paradise in your mouth!!!6) Guava - amazing! Que Rico!!!  We did try out 1 reg size one - it was a special one they had for the 4th of july - this was vanilla cake with raspberry filling - this was real raspberry jam!! frosting was a creamy butter cream drizzled with raspberry sauce!!! even thou it was a regular size - i could of eaten it all without sharing!!!! yummy stuff. It was a place to try for all those who are in search of the CUPCAKE places!!! Delicious and worth the drive!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,7/19/2011,268,629,11,15,15>I'm hesitant to write this glowing review bc I kinda wanna keep it my little secret. Well mine and the other 20 or so reviewers. Way out in West Kendall there is a small plain shopping mall with a 5 star restaurant tucked away inside. As soon as u walk in to the restaurant u feel like u have been transported out of west kendall and are dining in another city far away from anything typical Miami. It's dark, pleasant, mysterious, cozy. The service was spot on. Our server offered some phenomenal recommendations. And gave us just enough private time and showed up at just the perfect moments. The bread basket was awesomeness. Perfectly toasty buns with one of the best pesto sauces I've ever had. The crab cakes were amazing. Sitting on a bed of lettuce with a nice vinaigrette. they were almost like a crispy croqueta texture on the outside. The tamalito was out of this world. Possibly one of the best things I've ever eaten. Came with 6 grilled shrimpThe osso bucco was divine. So tender and what a huge serving! Accompanied with some awesome mashed potatoes. All this with a crisp and cool Pinot Grigio and I was in heaven. I am already dreaming of my next visit to chef adriennes. Hopefully for dining in the dark. It is really far but well worth the drive.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,7/18/2011,180,140,12,12,11>Listen..I'm writing this review but I don't want to - no I don't.  I know that the more people who hear about this place, the less opportunity I can just walk in and get my hair done.  But sharing is caring and for real - these women really should be shared - not only do they know how to do hair, nails, wax and facial - they know how to treat you like a friend while keeping the place professional.  Truth is that I've been a patron of this place for years -they have seen me through many moody hair styles. It was my plan never to anyone because I love my hair dresser and I don't want to share her...no I am not an only child - there was 11 of us - you learn in a household that big very early -that once you got something good, you hold on to it. Why the change of heart? Well, today I was there for an extensive beauty treatment (keratin treatment - wish me luck) and wax  - which meant I was there for a few hours, and I noticed that only a few true and loyal customers came for services.  On a Friday, with so many beautiful people in Miami - this place should have been more busy.  So - harnessing my spoiled child syndrome - I am willing to share my beauty salon because I don't go enough to pay their electricity /rent/food/children's tuitions/medical expenses etc..Specific Pro's:1.  Reasonably priced -- it is possible to still get a wash and blow dry for $20.2. Only a few blocks from a few different metro movers....if you are driving, parking can be a pain - you will have to pay or be very lucky to get a street spot....it may work to park by Bayside and walk a few blocks.3. Professional and Prompt service - make an appointment - and then show up on time - you will be seen on time or have to wait for the next opening -- they respect their customers.4. They sell the products they use and give you instructions on how to maintain your look.5.  They have a frequent visitor card :-) after like 6 sessions you can start getting discounts on future services.6. Hair dresser/nail/wax/facial all in one area - if you plan it out - you can have a beauty day!Ok...logging off to swing my pretty hair around.  Cheers!MM
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,12/30/2013,75,33,5,9,5>Waffle + super smoothie combo = $12I could have this everyday. For real. The whole wheat waffle is made light and warm topped with fresh fruit and you can drizzle some agave syrup on top. I also had the Super green smoothie that had avocado, blueberry, spinach, almond milk and more. Not too sweet, and very filling. I had the guarana acai bowl here on a different trip and enjoyed that too. Food is good, smoothies are good, the place is bright and clean, and staff was very friendly. If I could change one thing, I would put this place was in my kitchen.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,12/29/2013,806,746,2,7,5>You MUST start with the mint lemonade it is like nothing I have ever had in my life! The portion is huge i would share on e $4. You sit and they foods comes, and comes. Little tiny appetizers of salads included for free with your food. The quality was ok most of it was canned I am not a fan. Although I love the Israeli pickles and cabbage. For my got chicken and pita the chicken had amazing seasoned was cooked perfect was really moist. The place has lots of character pictures of customers all over eating inside. Cool little spot if I have a craving for Israeli food this will be my go to place. Thanks yelp for helping me find this little hidden gem.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,12/28/2013,50,57,7,10,8>I am Nicaraguan, and I love to represent. So whenever I have to recommend a restaurant that serves authentic, delicious, and Yelp-5 star worthy Nicaraguan food, I always tell that person to visit Madrono. It is a restaurant like Madrono that makes me proud to represent my Nicaraguan heritage because at Madrono they pay attention to detail, offer great customer service, have amazing takeout service, and are located at a great location-- the heart of Sweetwater, Little Managua.I have been here more than a dozen times when I am craving a juicy churrasco, with superb gallo pinto, and this place offers all types of dishes to satisfy your Nicaraguan cravings. Their pitahaya and the rest of their juices are also delicious, and they offer the most authentic Nicaraguan dishes I have ever tried in Miami, and they aren't excessively oily as you would find in most fritangas. If you come here, I recommend you to try their holy trio of sauces. The first sauce is their chimichurri which will add a special flavor to your meal. The second sauce is their pickled spicy onion which will add that special spice. The last sauce is their special orange sauce which is basically made of liquified onions and carrots. It is healthy and savory.If you are in a hurry, you can order food to go at the pick-up station right next to the restaurant. They will have your food ready at 15 minutes tops.If you want to try Nicaraguan food at its finest, I highly recommend you visit Madrono. The food is fairly priced, authentic, and the menu offers a wide variety of dishes. The servers are also friendly and treat you with true hospitality.And the adventure continues...
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,12/27/2013,212,89,12,14,14>I've had this place bookmarked for quite some time and had heard wonderful things about it.I came here for a Pavan Sangria Challenge where the guests were the judges of 7 different sangria creations so I was definitely spoiled for my first visit since I was showered with an unlimited number of delicious mixed drinks and small bites.  I can't comment on the actual bar service which is what they're known for but I fell in love with the atmosphere and decor of this bar as soon as I walked in.  I'm not really a fan of stuffy lounges or bars and would pick a dive bar over a ritzy venue any day.  This place feels like you've walked into a friend's backyard who doesn't care much for a manicured landscape.  The people watching is great as there's no shortage of hipsters trying to outdo each other's nonchalance. And there's a pool if you feel like getting a little sun. I will definitely be back here soon to actually pay for some drinks!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,12/26/2013,99,196,6,5,5>I had such a lovely and wonderful experience at Fratelli Milano. I've always seen the amazing reviews on Yelp, and I've always wanted to try it. I recently got to experience Fratelli Milano and now I know why they have such a large following.The small, cozy restaurant is right in the heart of downtown. The street parking can be somewhat tricky so be on the look out for that. When I walked into the restaurant and was greeted by the all the Italian workers I was transported back Italy. I thought that maybe I had finally found a restaurant that was as lovely, memorable, and authentic as something from Italy itself. Sure enough, I was not disappointed.To start out my meal my dinner guest and I shared two appetizers. We got the caprese salad for something fresh, and at my insistence, the crema di polenta. The caprese was well, a caprese salad. Very good, but nothing special. The crema di polenta on the other hand was exquisite. Thinking of it now makes me want to return to Fratelli Milano just for one more bite. The polenta was truly exceptional and one of the best that I've had in Miami.For our main dishes I got the gnocchetti al gusto with pesto sauce and my friend got the lasagna casereccia. I have to say, the lasagna was better than my gnocchi. My friend let me try some and it was pretty amazing. The gnocchi was great, but I was not too fond of the pesto sauce that was recommended to me by the waiter. I think if I would have gotten another sauce I would have enjoyed it even more.Our meal was a success and everything was great. I do wish I would have ordered the fiocchi di pera they are so well known for. Oh well, I guess this is just another excuse for me to visit again!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,12/25/2013,170,440,7,13,11>Small place big heart!  This could easily be considered a whole in the wall, but big joints got nothing on this place!  It's simple decoration and seating arrangements makes you feel like you may have just walked into your friend's "man cave" to grab a beer, delicious slice of Sicilian pizza and hang out!Lucky for us gals are also welcome. Would hate to not have another opportunity to enjoy another slice of this delicious Sicilian cheese pizza!  True to it's name it was a nice thick crispy dough topped with just enough flavorful tomato sauce all dressed up with just the right amount of gooey melted cheese!  Just enough so when you bite into it the cheese just keeps on going!  There is thou one thing missing from this pizza and it the grease which usually is expected from a slice like this.  But not this one not at all!  All you get is crispy deliciousness!   Now do be warned you can not come in here and not try their signature dish "Philly Cheese Steak".  It is offered in 2 sizes reg and half - even the half is good to share! (if you are having a small other dish) This is a delicious warm hoggie bun filled with very thin sliced beef  topped with julienne style peppers, mounds of mushrooms and delicious cheese!!!  It is like a party in your mouth.  A bite of this and it transports you to a corner in philly!!!  It is a great place to go with friends, grab something good to eat and have a good time. Small place, big heart!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,12/24/2013,216,110,17,19,16>Wow! one night and I'm in love!..Been standing there seven years just waiting for me to show up and I didn't even sense it , not even while passing by  beau-coup times. This is one relationship that I do plan to continue,   Had a Groupon about to expire so I went to Bin 18. Not the first time I went, actually. It's just the first time I actually  walked in the front door.  Told that the parking was in the back, one night, I pulled into the dimly lit back, facing west entrance  of the building. The steel gate closed behind me and that was where  I stayed for 15 minutes trying to figure out how to get into the restaurant part.  No doors that opened. no people; creepy!  Okay, I screwed up. Now, what do I do about it?    Called the restaurant to be told that the parking was actually in an open lot across the street from where I was. Okay, I see it..now how do I get out? Um... someone should come and open the gate for you.. Okay, who..and when? Well someone did  come down from (an elevator ? Dunno, they just appeared laughed at my predicament and let me out with their card.  By this time, it was 9pm and the  block and a half long walk from the lot to the restaurant was dark and deserted and I juust didn't feel comfortable so I went elsewhereBut last night, was a different story, . parked close  walked in, was greeted warmly by three servers, and delighted in the cozy, mirrored, chandelier-lit, old worldly  romantic atmosphere with  attractive wall wine racks,gleaming wood tables ( why don't my floors look like that?)...  and some tables made out of wine barrels with bar type chairs. Dunno the last time I saw a menu that I wanted everything from. No exceptions!   From the delicious  warm home baked  honey -wheat  bread wedges sprinkled with their own  Chili,garlic lemon, guajillo pepper sauce that I could have poured in a glass and drank,( 'cept maybe someone was watching?) I ordered the warm fig sauce/glazed walnut, bleu cheese baby green salad which was to die for!, The height of deliciousness,..and for the first time, last night, I actually LIKED balsamic vinegar!Then I was going to order the  Hickory apricot glazed pork-belly  on watercress but the waitress suggested the Fagottini Di PerePear and 4-cheese purse shaped sachet,  with prosciutto carbonara cream sauce,  and tomatoes parmesan. Finished with cappuccino. Bless her! Must MUST sample the cheese and charcuterie plates It was stupendous. Don't even know if they serve dessert. I had no room anyway. Simply wonderful!!  They offer Monday through Thursday  2 for 1 happy hour beer and wine. Tuesday, half priced wine. Wednesday, free champagne for ladies all night.Outside tables too which even with their proximity to the street look like a nice option.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,12/22/2013,149,324,8,9,6>At this point in my life, Wednesdays are a day of glad tidings and dread in equal measure.At least since my friends discovered "double-B."As soon as we entered, I felt transported back to the Midwest.  The smell of bodies, vaguely obscured by industrial cleaning fluid.  The sound of laughter, of sports-related smack-talk.  Fat guys in small polo shirts.  Scrubby girls in camouflage.  If this sounds like your sort of party, boy are you in for a treat.  Bird Bowl is a indeed a rara avis for Miami.But even if these things make you cringe, instead of excited--not all is lost.Wednesdays.  Wednesdays are $1.50 games (not including shoes).  And while it does get crowded, we never have a hard time snagging a lane (and we always go around 8pm).  But wait--the magic isn't over.  A guy at the (completely aesthetically displeasing) bar will sell you a blue 28 ounce mug (made in the USA, but, probably 100% BPA) for $8.00.  And after that--AND FOREVERMORE--that same blue mug will get you $2 domestic refills ($3 or $3.50 for imports and craft beers).So, prepare yourself.  Thursdays just got a lot shittier.And the hot wings aren't half bad.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,12/21/2013,164,326,7,9,7>To be transported to a bar in a hardscrabble neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro simply because of atmosphere (in addition to outstanding food and simply scrumptious drinks - caparinha {a sugar cane rum derivative} comes with a variety of fresh fruits) is no mean feat - but Boteca does it flawlessly.  Maybe because it's location on 79th Street not too far from Biscayne is an in your face introduction to the fact that Boteco's location is also a bit rough around the edges as our city slowly gentrifies but the transported from Brazil staff that is as young, attentive and provide service with an amicable smile also adds to the flava that you feel you're back in Brazil (if you've ever been).  The bar actually spreads around to a rather large outdoors on both side and back so for our few months of weather in the low 80's it's both refreshing and comfortable.  Boteco offers a wide variety of live music; often set to the samba beats of Brazil's latest musicians; but make no mistake, in the small corners and crevices of Boteco are a few statues of Saints which remind one that Brazil has a large Afro-Brazilian population devoted to syncronistic religions similar to the Caribbean (a/k/a voodoo) so don't be surprised if some of that live drum beat doesn't have you whirling and twirling and twerking to the twists and turns of spirit possession from the gods - you too might transform into Yemanja or Xango!  This bar is just that authentic!!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,12/20/2013,268,629,3,6,4>I wish there were more than 5 stars bc dr bestard deserves it!. I had my baby boy 3 months ago and can honestly say dr bestard was so amazing every step of the way. I ended up having a c section and he was there early that morning with me and my husband to go over every detail with us and make sure we were at ease and comfortable with all that was going on. during the actual surgery he talked to us the whole time, keeping us entertained while he brought our child into this world. I know this will sound weird but the operating room was actually a fun environment, there were playing great music and the doctors and nurses couldn't have been more sweet and attentive and comforting. he came to visit me and the baby daily at the hospital. and stayed for a good visit making sure I was healing well and feeling good and that baby was good (even though that is the pediatricians job,  not his).  I have his email address so any time I had a question or concern I would shoot him a quick message and I always have a reply within 20 minutes. I have asked him questions several times post partum and he still gives me the same attention that he did while I was pregnant. I went to my 6 week follow up and was a little sad when he gave me the all clear and that I didn't have to go back to see him till next year.  I have gotten so used to seeing him and Belinda on a regular basis that im truly going to miss them. my husband and i genuinely feel like we have a friend in our doctor. and that is hard to come by. im so grateful for dr bestard, I can rely on him and trust him whole heartedly.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,4/10/2014,95,48,11,15,12>i went to this place solely because its hard to come across an establishment on yelp with all 5 stars and that many reviews. My boyfriend works in the area, so i met him up for lunch. we did like two circles before we found it. nestled in a small shopping center with the word PIZZA on its window. boy was i glad i found this place. from the moment you walk in you are welcomed and treated as family.  we ordered the $2 beers, i need to go back to try pats beer. We ordered two half's they are HUGE if you get a regular. i asked for some lettuce and tomato and he gladly added it. while we waited for our subs, they gave us a slice of pizza to try it. delicious. truly was a good thin slice of cheese pizza. perfectly seasons not too much sauce, not greasy but not dry. perfect to the very last bite. and you can tell the dough was extremely fresh and homemade. i can say this place gets its ratings because of the amazing service there. They are so friendly and funny. they showed us a hilarious commercial they made in Spanish that had the whole joint in tears. for a second there you forget your in shitty service miami and in a joint in philly. I am definitely coming back again and again. just to see the guys again and have the chicken philly next time. I paid a small price to never have to endure the cold of philly and try an authentic sub right here in my hometown.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,4/9/2014,365,232,5,14,14>A LOVE STORY. A husband and wife from France opened a little neighborhood bistro in Miami Shores.  She cooks; he does the front of the house. The décor is understated but elegant.  There are fresh roses and hydrangeas inside.  Potted plants separate the tables outside from the street.  I was there for brunch and the menu was brief--3 soups, 4 apps, 5 entrees. Our party tried the watercress soup, a smoked duck app, leek and brie quiche, and lamb chops with dauphinois potatoes. For dessert, we had chocolate tart.  We were having trouble selecting a wine, so the waiter recommended an off-menu white Bordeaux.  So glad we took his recommendation. The food was exquisite. Every bite a masterpiece.  I refuse to attempt to describe--you must taste for yourself!Or maybe you mustn't.  This tiny lovely restaurant has only two employees.  They are of a certain age.  If you are not prepared to behave like a civilized person and enjoy the company of your companion(s) until the server is free to attend you, then please, go elsewhere.  But if you have the luxury of taking the time to enjoy an absolutely special dining experience, please visit Cote Gourmet.  There's simply no place else like it in town.One more note--it's walking distance from O Cinema.  Can you say "date night?"
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,4/8/2014,470,137,23,24,24>My mother always told me I can be anything I want to be when I grow up.  I guess I really took that to heart, because on any given day, I have wishes to be a cowboy, the Dread Pirate Roberts, a viking, Superman, Braveheart, a Green Beret, a mobster, a... well, you get the idea.  So, what does a man with a polychotomy of personalities go to get the necessary costumes that were not designed and produced by 6 year olds in Chinese sweat factories?  Well, if you live in Miami, there is only one place: ABC Costumes.Now these guys aren't just a costume shop.  They've been around for ages and they specialize in creating genuine, professional costumes for major productions, TV shows, movies, theater troups and anyone else who has the need to feel authentic as another person.  The best part is that while they DO sell costumes, most of them are for rent at reasonable prices and you can also stock up on accessories, FX makeup, weapons and more. The best part is the staff who work there can put together those fine details needed to make your need to be someone else from somewhere else from another time, as authentic as possible. So now, whenever I have a costume party to attend, or just want to scare the bejeezez out of some Cub Scouts by dressing up in a clown costume (a la Stephen King's "It") and sloooowly walking through their camp at night without saying a word, or even to spice up an otherwise boring Critical Mass cycling night with an authentic Scottish kilt, I know where to go.  For me, if you go anywhere else, you lack the commitment to be anyone you want to be... and your mom would be ashamed!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,4/7/2014,328,239,14,18,16>I saw a charge for Verde on my credit card statement and I wondered for a while as to where the hell is Verde, or what is it? After jumping on the computer, I figured out Verde was the bistro located on the first floor of PAMM. Ah! So that's what it is, I said to myself.What can I say about the little corner inside PAMM? They have pastries, they have coffee, they have pizza, they have drinks. They also have appetizers and real food, but I haven't tried the real food. Also, the drinks that I had were not on the menu, since I kind of was at a private party. I didn't even think they would have their own profile on Yelp! Instead I assumed that they were part of the whole PAMM complex. Wrong!Verde is around the corner from the gift shop. PAMM is all about large flowing spaces, so there are no walls separating the admissions area, the gift shop and the restaurant, instead, it all flows together. Verde itself is divided into several areas. There is a coffee bar with pastries ( you can buy alcoholic drinks there also), there is the sit down area that comes with the hostess and the table service (sits about 50 people), and there is a patio area where the lines blur. The sit down area is a vibrant space, with lots of light and people talking, and in direct view of the bay. The outside area could be quiet, or hyper, depending on when you go. To say that Verde is a minimalist, modern space is almost redundant.Service at Verde is pretty good, if you factor in the brand new staff and brand new space. I have received different levels of service, most likely because whatever was working on week one was not working on week two. I am optimistic though, and I think that as the dust settles, Verde will find its true identity and service will be consistent. The food that I have tried has been pretty good. It is not a five star restaurant but everything has been good. In other words, you will not be disappointed with your food.But what I found surprising is that Verde exists. Not just a café, a bar, or a bistro, Verde is open to the public and to those that do not want to go to PAMM but just grab a bite to eat there and enjoy the view. Admission to the museum is not necessary to enjoy Verde, and that may be where the small restaurant stands, as the restaurant that sits inside a museum.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,4/6/2014,227,88,2,10,9>I am going to start this review with TWO words....TED MENDEZ!!!!!Ted Mendez is the chef at Gibraltar.  This is actually my second visit to Gibraltar's.  My first visit was for a birthday dinner a couple years ago and to be honest I wasn't impressed with my the quality of my meal at all.  And honestly I had no intention of coming back to Gibratar's.But thank goodness for Jennifer's invitation to Wine Wednesday's!!!!I started out with a couple glasses of Merlot and the Oaxaca Cheese Fondido with Chorizo Shrimp and Corn Chips.  This is a cheesy gollop of inspiration!!! It is a mixture of Chorizo Sausage and shrimp baked to perfection covered in Oaxaca Cheese served in miniture cast iron skillet.  The chips are a colorful way of enjoying this, but truth is I just dug in with my fork.  DE-LI-CIOUS Next I had the Lobster Mac & Cheese!!! I really wasn't expecting too much because I have never really been a fan of Lobster Mac and Cheese.  Well, this Lobster Mac and Cheese has made me a believer!!! And they did not scrimp on the lobster at all!! Every bite was better than the next.For my entree, I choose the Grilled Whole Fish of the Day on Cuban Creole sauce with Tomato, Avocado, Cilantro Salad.  Let me see how many adjectives I can use to describe this dish besides delicious..... DELIGHTFUL, EXQUISITE, TEMPTING, SAVORY, SCRUMPTIOUS but the best one is FRESH!!!!! When I first started to eat it, I was hesitant because I almost always find a small bone or two, but this fish was fileted perfectly.  It was also enfused with fresh Rosemary.  All I can say is, the owners of Gilbratar's wanted the best and they got him in Ted Mendez.  Everything this night was beyond perfection!!!Now if the food wasn't enough.......Let's talk about the first rule in Life :  LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!!!  As you cross the bridge to Grove Isle's, you feel the stress and pressure of life escaping you body.  I stopped momentarily on the bridge to just take in the view.  When you get to the guard gate, simply let the guard know you are headed to Gibratar's.  Be warned, Valet service only.  No self parking on the island.Walking through Grove isles, you will be tempted to book a hotel room, so the experience won't end, but that's another review all in of itself .....You can't escape the fact,  you are on an island in the middle of the bay inside of Cocunut Grove.  The scenery is amazing!!! Straight out of a Story book of Romance.  Fire Pits, Out side lounge areas. Intimate tables nestled minutes from the waves of the bay.  This is as perfect as perfect can get!!!Next time it will be Taco & Tequilla Thursdays and the Romantic Fridays & Saturdays or the Sunday Brunch!!!Stayed tuned for those upcoming reviews
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/5/2014,212,89,7,11,8>I've been to quite a few SOBEWFF events over the years... Mostly on the beach. They've all been great, although a bit overwhelming. I didn't know events were held at other locations in Miami. This event has been my favorite! So good, I think it's worth the full price of the ticket. It wasn't overcrowded like most of the other events and you didn't need to stand in lines to sample the dishes.  The atmosphere was happy and lively including a live latin band and some of the best mojitos I've ever had. Every dish I tried was delicious and all of the chefs were so friendly.  I think the fact that it's a smaller event allows the chefs to interact with people.  I even learned about some restaurants I hadn't heard of that were serving delicious food like the recently opened Bocce Bar's Spicy Pancetta Pork. And I was pleasantly surprised by how delicious Bongo Cafe's Traditional Cuban Noche Buena was (Slow Roasted Pork, maduros, and moros).One of my favorite parts was the dessert tables at the end.  So many delicious things and so little room in my stomach.  One of the tables was from Alisa's Cupcakery and they had the most delicious "everything" cookie -- Pretzels, potato chips, chocolate chips, toffee, filled with dark chocolate ganache. It was the perfect combination of salty and sweet! Needless to say, I was beyond stuffed at the end of the night and can't wait to come back next year.Thanks so much to Johnny T. for the tickets... I am ever grateful!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,4/4/2014,35,156,12,12,8>Let me tell you about the most epic brunch I just got home from... at 11 pm. This morning, we decided to take a nice stroll down in South Beach to Tongue & Cheek. It wasn't too packed and we were sat right away. The brunch menu is fantastic. I split the chicken and waffles and the brisket eggs benedict with my friend just to have a little bit of everything. We immediately got a round of mimosas/bellinis at the table. I do think the price is kinda steep, but the server was on point. Not a second went by between glasses. They also don't cheat you in terms of champagne content. It was definitely a glass of champagne with a hint of orange juice. The food may have taken a little while to get there, but I was on my way to wasted and I can't say I minded. When it did arrive, it was amazing. The waffles are smaller than the waffles you usually get, which I appreciate because it makes it not so heavy. They come with a cute little bottle of Tobasco. As I write this, I remembered it was supposed to be a cheddar waffle. That really didn't come accross at all. But it was still delicious. The eggs benny, which are also super important to me, were excellent. It comes with braised brisket instead of ham and it was perfect. I love when places do interesting things with the benedict. We had another couple of rounds of mimosas and ended up ordering the munchkin donuts. Those left a bit to be desired I thought. The dipping sauce which was supposed to be spiced Mexican chocolate tasted more like caramel, which was delicious, nonetheless. Frankly, by that point we were so trashed that I was in no position to judge the quality of the food. We were picked up, thankfully, because we definitely couldn't have walked, and taken to our friend's beach apartment, where we continued to enjoy our brunch drunk. We eventually all passed the hell out for several hours, to wake up and drive our hungover asses home at 11 on a Saturday. A beautiful memory I will cherish forever. Thank you, Tongue & Cheek. You rocked my entire world for an entire day.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,4/3/2014,36,84,2,14,11>This is the best Argentinian I have had in Miami on all levels - price, ambience, freshness, and overall deliciousness. First off, don't get discouraged by the parking. Once you walk in, the ambience is great. Has the farm to table stilo going with cute tables in different shapes and sizes, and an exposed kitchen. In my experience, exposed kitchens are the way to go. That's the owners way of saying, I don't mind showing off the ingredients were using or the cleanliness of my chefs, which in this case were both perfect. The price and quality of ingredients both surpassed anything similar in Miami, including grazianos. I have eaten at all of the grazianos establishments. We didn't order the burrata though it was a huge serving and exuded freshness everytime it passed our table. We did have the provoleta with fresh tomatoes and chorizo. This was the best provoleta I have ever had. We then had the pulpo. Liked it better than the one I've had at mandolin, which was my favorite up to now. The steaks were very well cooked. The corvina a la plancha was excellent. The service was friendly and very helpful. The prices were great. Excellent experience overall. Oh and try anything with dulce de leche for dessert. It is fresh made and the best I have had.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,4/2/2014,104,216,5,8,7>Why did I wait so long to go here?  It means I deprived myself of amazing food for longer than needed.  If you want to come here on a weekend night, make reservations in advance.  I called a few days before and got a 9pm seating for 2 on a Friday night.  I have not tried to come here on a week night but I would make reservations just in case.The menu here is one of the most adventurous and interesting I have experienced in Miami...and with success!  I was not disappointed with any of my dishes and I doubt there will be many who would be; come in with an open mind, an empty stomach and you will not be disappointed.Another cool about Eating House is that the menu changes frequently, but there are a few dishes that are "signature" so you can count on them.  This provides the perfect balance between your "go-to" dishes and pushing you out of your comfort zone and into the unknown.I really liked the brussel sprouts.  I assumed they would taste similar to the dish at Sakaya, Gigis, and even Pao Town but Eating House does a good job making this dish unique.  Korean BBQ sauce adds a nice kick, deep fried egg noodles gives an added crunch and texture and the 75' egg pulls it together in a oooey goooey mess that is surprisingly addictive. My favorite dish of the night is longer on the menu but that has not deterred me from going back.  Be that as it may I cannot help but write about the genius that is in whipped fried egg mousse...OMG!  **Note to Eating House** Please bring this back as a garnish to ANY dish!and save room for the 'dirt cup' - you will NOT be disappointed.  It looks as cute as it sounds too.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,4/1/2014,206,133,9,16,13>Quick, clean, cheap!Our normal nail salon couldn't take us yesterday and we desperately needed our nails in. After about an hour of looking on Yelp, and another place that couldn't take us, we decided to try this joint out. It is in a nice, clean shopping mail. We walked in and were greeted by a man named Stephen. He remembered us from when we had called just a couple of minutes before. They took us right away and boy were they fast. Stephen did my nails. I got a full set of acrylics and he was over by the time it took the other man to finish the fill on my mother. He did a good paint job. We also opted for a pedicure, because why not. Stephen did my pedicure and while it was good, I could tell he definitely rushed through this. While the leg massage is the most enjoyable part, he was doing it way too fast and it was a little painful. But hey for $18 for a spa pedicure, I can't complain too much! My full set was also $18. OH HEYYYY I love cheap nail salons. The salon was clean and well maintained. They also do waxing -- $6 for eyebrows!!! and eye lash extensions. We will definitely be back to see Stephen! Thanks for a great experience!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,9/28/2014,202,202,5,6,6>Cinquecento, I love you so much I hate you.Cinquecento is one of those spots that keeps you further from your fitness goals for all the right reasons. They are stocked with great ingredients and pride themselves in making their pasta from scratch; there's even a little window so you can watch them make it! They have a plethora of gelato flavors and options that allow you to get multiple flavors. I may or may not have gotten the ultra-fatty serving of 3 different kinds after a night of drinking. Heading to the counter and picking a lusciously flavored gelato after your meal is probably the best part of the dining experience so don't skip it. The pizza is shamefully on-point, causing even the most modest eaters to stuff their faces and scarf a 12-inch pie. There are plenty of different types. I've gone the Napoli route (simple, think margherita with tomatoes) and the white pizza route. You can't go wrong with either. In case you aren't in the mood for pizza ( where are you from, outer space?) they have rustic homemade pasta dishes, sandwiches, and salads for wimps. As the neighborhood grows exploring the food options and eating out is an adventure. Cinquecento is a small and simple spot perfect for grabbing a bite with family and friends. It's a fun go-to on a Saturday evening. The outdoor seating is ideal for people-watching and the staff is almost as sweet as that crazy gelato... Oh, and have I mentioned get the gelato?
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,9/27/2014,235,198,4,8,6>I must say Deli Lane is always on point! We regularly cater lunch and breakfast from Deli Lane and Mike always makes sure that the food is delivered on time, set up and ready to dig in. Breakfast is delicious! Bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, French toast, grits, and my favorite these potatoes with a nice kick. Yum! A great place to go to have an awesome breakfast or set up a catered breakfast. Lunch, man oh man. Between the hot or cold wraps, mojo chicken, roasted chicken, and etc. it's always a win. Mike is very accommodating as well. Take your child to work day was a little while ago, and we asked if he can add a few grilled cheese sandwiches for the kiddies, he didn't mind whatsoever because he brought his children too, and he added chips for them as well. Well the grilled cheese sandwiches were very popular with the employees because they started to snatch them up before the kiddies could even get to them. So we requested instead of wraps to bring grilled cheese and tomato soup next time he comes. Mike suggested to add ham to the grilled cheese to give more substance, which is perrrrrfect. This establishment is very accommodating, provides excellent service, and the food is always delicious. Highly recommend to eat in or set up a future catering.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,9/26/2014,842,161,10,12,14>I love this place! I first heard about it from a friend who tried one of their salads and loved it, so I decided to check it out the same day! To be honest I didn't think they'd stay in business for long...not because of their food (it really is pretty yummy) but because of their prices! Truly the most affordable place with good food I can think of right now. Their menu has a great variety too. Burgers, salads, wraps, quesadillas, pastas, full dishes with meats and sides, smoothies and arepas. My son loves the quesadilla meal with rice and beans. My husband enjoys their burgers and he's picky when it comes to red meat. Their smoothies are creamy. I love their salads and wraps. And the best deal? Churrasco meal...comes with rice, fries and a salad for a whopping $7.99 (they include the soda if you eat there but not if you pick up or get it delivered). Anyways I just felt the need to update my review since this is my to go place when I slacked/don't have much in the house and want good food but hate spending $$$.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,9/25/2014,75,94,8,12,12>This place definitely lives up to its hype! I'd been wanting to dine her for a few months now and once my birthday rolled around, I knew where I wanted to go!I made reservations via OpenTable and even though I arrived 15 minutes due to the wonderful Miami traffic, my reservation was still on hold and without any question my party was sat immediately. We were led upstairs and though it was an awkward table for a party of 4, we went with it. Within minutes of seating, our waitress greeted us and was more than happy to share her favorite items on the menu with our table of firsttimers. So here's a list of what was ordered at the table: deviled eggs, cornbread, crispy pork caesar,  the swine burger, mac n cheese, the  1/2 rack of ribs and for dessert, the cookies & bourbon milk.What was left you ask? Nothing! Because everything was absolutely delicious! We all shared and ate everything till the very last bite. YUM! All of us left fully satisfied and pleasantly surprised that Swine won us over on our very first visit! From excellent service to great food, I'll be back again very soon!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,9/24/2014,529,642,18,18,17>After almost two weeks of enrollment at Peak 360, I'm still not sure whether I love Crossfit or hate it. It does seem to get results - much in the same way a high-caliber elephant gun "gets results," i.e. quick, explosive, painful, and with the real possibility of bodily fluids sprayed all over the place - but results nonetheless.For a guy my age, I'm in pretty decent physical condition - or so I thought. I can knock out 5K runs on any given day without much effort. I've run a half-marathon in 2:20 - not just on flat asphalt like seemingly everyone else these days, but on the expert mountain bike trails at Oleta River. And, having worked out since I was 19, I know my way around a gym - a conventional gym, anyway.At Peak 360, I quickly found that all of that I mentioned had very little predictive value as to my ability to handle any kind of Crossfit workout. Initially, one has to complete a "fundamentals" series of classes before attempting a Workout of the Day ("WOD"). These are designed to teach the basic moves that comprise the building blocks of Crossfit. The first class was innocuous enough - we brushed up on our rowing, squats, and deadlifts - all movements I'm pretty comfortable with from my time in the regular gym. Cool. I can handle this, I'm on my way to being a Crossfit bad ass!Wrong. Day 2 started out with a review of day 1, then we moved on to presses. OK, fine. My shoulders are relatively weak, and I'm not used to doing these with barbells - but still, the basic movement wasn't too different from the dumbbell presses I've done in the gym for years. Then, kettlebell swings. Uh-oh. Never done these before. As it turned out, I didn't feel as if I was that awful at this movement, but swinging the thing up and down repeatedly was very much starting to take its toll. And that was just "practice." Then we went into a mini-WOD, comprised of movements we'd learned so far. Houston, we have a problem. 3 sets of 3 of the exercises, at 15 reps a pop, TIMED. Yup - the expectation is to get this done as quickly and explosively as you can, while maintaining good form. "For time" means you're going to do this, no matter how long it takes, no matter if you're wheezing through your last sets while everyone else has finished seemingly an eon ago. The thing is, with me, many of these exercises are not all that "difficult," if done by themselves for a handful of reps, with rest between sets as is typical for my leisurely conventional-gym workouts. With Crossfit, the key is to just get after it, limiting your rest as much as humanly possible - it's strength training, mobility training, and aerobics rolled into a giant ball of hurt and overall suck, if I may be blunt. It became readily apparent that I have neither the endurance nor the strength to do this well, and that with some of the moves like box jumps, jump rope, rope climb, etc. I perform awkwardly, at best.All the more reason why.....I probably NEED to do this. Too many years of the sedentary office lifestyle have taken away much of my former athleticism and fitness, followed by too many multi-course beer and wine pairing dinners. I'm not familiar with other "boxes," but Peak 360 was recommended to me by two people who know an awful lot about Crossfit. It's a spartan setup, as many of these places seem to be - the coaches and the community are really what make or break any of these gyms. Stepping in the place at first is vaguely disorienting and intimidating, as you see a bunch of jacked-up guys and girls loudly dropping barbells, then quivering on the floor at the end of their WODs. If these people struggle so much with the workouts, what hope do *I* have? The answer is "the same," because at least in theory, these workouts are scalable - meaning to begin with, I'm not going to be lifting the same amount of weight or jumping as high as dudes who have been at this for 2 years. That said, I think I suffer a bit more than typical, simply because I look like someone who could be expected to throw some weight around. I'm substantially weaker than I look, you gotta believe me! I had one of these "scaled" WODs on Monday, and I'm still crushingly sore on Thursday, mostly within those little-but-important muscles I never knew I had.The coaches at Peak are all cool knowledgeable guys and girls who seem like your best buds before and after the workout, but during the workouts, they are relentless. They are also sticklers for form, which is a good thing. Sometimes that works against me, because the other day I was doing deadlifts during the WOD, and desperately wanted to lessen the weight. Apparently, since I was still practicing good form with my lifts at the prescribed weight, I was not allowed to deviate from the "Rx." And now, as a result of that, my hams are still feeling it.Peak 360 is either going to whip me into top shape or kill me - I give a 50/50 chance either way.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/23/2014,159,105,8,21,14>I am rating this business 4 instead of 5 stars based on the appearance inside and out of the establishment, as it is in need of some TLC. The services that I received here however more than exceeded my expectations.I waited a little while to write my review about this place. A few other yelpers said they weren't satisfied or that their eyelash extensions were virtually gone after a week. However, this was not the case for me. I am writing this review on day 5 with a set of nice full lashes still in tact. Also, how full your lashes are after a week will depend on extenuating circumstances i.e. your lash care and how often your body naturally sheds it's lash. Ana did my extensions and she was knowledgable, easy going and professional which made the experience very relaxing. The process takes about a full hour and you can choose how you would like your lashes to look, ranging from natural to a very over-dramatic look. If you knew me you would know that of course I went for the over-dramatic look lol.I found this business via groupon and am very satisfied with this experience. I have gotten eyelash extensions in the past and the technician I got really knew what she was doing. I am very pleased and am planning to continue coming here for my refills.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,9/22/2014,43,28,10,9,8>Absolutely one of my favorite places to nom on, especially for my collective crave for a taste of everything versus a one hit wonder, can you say c-c-c-combo breaker?Had no reservation for a Saturday night, a big no. Make  sure you make an early reservation because this place gets PACKED when it hits prime feasting time .Luckily my honey and I were fortunate enough to snatch a seat at the high top in the back with our noses facing the kitchen within 15 minutes; dinner and a show, how great is that? But wait there's more..I suggest you ordering an assorted small plates and get your feet wetter than you would intend to. Keep in mind that plates come out in no particular order, as they are just made to order. Oh, and I must foreshadow that everything I'm about to mention were amazing and I highly suggest them all! Chicken Liver Crostini - delicate and sweet, as far as liver intends to be sweet, ha!Crispy Pig Ears - very addicting, squeeze some lime for citrus and salty sensationChargrilled Octopus - super tender, not rubbery, doesn't fight backCrispy Rice Cake - this is a MUST, cut the egg right down the middle if they didn't tell you to already and abuse the aioli!Crispy Sweet & Spicy Pork Belly - okay, I do have a tender spot for pork belly and I've got to say that they've really hit their mark here; it  practically melts in your mouth (yes, fat) Last but most certainly not least...Basil Panna Cotta - extremely delicate and the consommé fell into every spoonful, one of the best Panna Cotta's I've had!Like I said earlier, one of my favorite places and will continue to keep coming back for more. Also, don't skip out on their brunch menu as well!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2014,9/21/2014,198,195,4,17,9>So from the hype of Instagram I caved in and thought I'd give this place a shot. Other reviews have mentioned cold greeting from the employees, I guess I caught them on a good day because everyone was extremely friendly and pleasant. I ordered the small snow crab dinner which came with crab rice and two sides, I chose potatoes and mac and cheese all totaling $21. A well worth $21 if I must say so myself! I could have shared... But I didn't! Something that sucks that I noticed while I was here was that while I was waiting for my food I listened to what other customers were ordering and time and time again they said they were out of this or that. Which made me wonder if they had simply sold out (which is a good sign) or their kitchen manager needs to reevaluate his orders. Either way What I ordered was great and i'd come back.Also, This is a strictly take out spot in a little strip mall
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,9/20/2014,131,121,5,14,10>I've been coming here now for a few weeks and I really enjoy it. I can honestly say this place takes a tremendous load off your back. On top of the temperature being 105 degrees, the 27 poses throughout the entire 90 minute block really make you become one with your body and challenge yourself mentally in ways you never have. The staff is extremely nice and helpful. They also sell coconut water for the same price as the gas station. The classes are pretty spread out and since the rooms are large it's usually pretty accommodating for everyone. However, I highly suggest arriving early on Mondays as everyone usually swamps the evening class. Drink a lot of water, but no too much during class since you'll just have a full stomach making it difficult to perform the floor series. My only concern is the cleanliness of the carpet. Since a lot of poses require you to out your feet off your mat, and there is nonstop sweat everywhere, I can only question the carpet. Most yoga studios have laminate so I'm used to that. With two huge towels per day, you should be good. I love coming here and it's a hefty drive but it's worth it Highly recommended to those who have a lot of stress in their lives who want inner peace.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,9/19/2014,30,100,5,13,6>This business just recently opened in the downtown area right next to the building I work in. This place is truly a breath of fresh air. Clean, healthy eating at a reasonable price is UNHEARD of in Downtown. I love that this place is family owned. The customer service is warm and inviting. I could stay there and chit chat for hours... if only I didn't have to work. One time, I stayed past closing; I noticed the staff had put almost everything away. Some customers came in and instead of stating that they were closed, the staff brought them a menu and offered the options that were still available. That to me is a sign of a caring staff. As a picky eater, I originally thought there would not be a lot of options for me but I was wrong. Although I don't particularly enjoy salads, I have heard they are delicious. I love the fresh smoothies made from fruit and/or vegetables. My favorite is called "Sizzling Summer" which has mango and cantaloupe. Every day, the family makes a different soup. The chicken noodle and chicken + corn ones are delicious! They also specialized in wraps, juices and empanadas. It's nearly impossible to get full, staying under $10 while eating healthy in Downtown. In my opinion, this place is a great lunch/breakfast option for all those in the area. I would love to see them expand their selection food wise. I see real possibilities in the future of this place.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,2/18/2010,268,629,8,13,10>today was the day i finally decided to check out gusto fino. i printed a menu online and got 3 other ppl at the office to order with me (wasnt hard to convince once they saw the menu) we called in the pickup order and they said they would deliver and it would be the same 30 minutes bc the food is prepared fresh on the spot. ok so delivery it is. they were here within 45 minutes at peak lunch rush, which is quite impressive by gables standards! i got the lasagna. it was the perfect blend of meat, cheese, sauce, and pasta. you know sometimes youre like this is too saucy or not enough meat, well not here. it was simply divine!! also comes with a nice size salad with a delicious vinaigrette. special mention to the sicilian meatball hot panini. OMG (yes it deserves caps). and btw you can get white or wheat ciabatta. as a combo comes with choice of side and soda or bottled water. another coworker got a turkey prosciutto cold panini and he said it was very good. over lunch we were reviewing the menus deciding what we would order next. i cannot wait!!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,2/17/2010,224,140,13,12,16>Robert Kraft aka the Raven has run 8 miles every day for the last 35 years on South Beach since 1975 for a total of over 100,000 miles.espn.go.com/video/clip?i…He invites anyone and everyone to run along with him. I decided to try and do it myself a week ago in efforts to start training for upcoming Boston Marathon and  St. Anthony's Triathlon.He is really fun to run with and everyone gets a nickname and he has a photographic memory. He remembers everyone's name and birthday !!! I heard some walk up that ran 8 years ago from Germany - ask Raven "  Do you remember me ? " He did after he told him his name, Raven told him his nickname and birthday !! Incredible !!If you are a first time runner he waits for you to finish no matter how long it takes and gives you your nickname - if you run with him he full of fun stories and history of Miami Beach.Two people who have met on the run even go married on the run !!!Running in the sand was no joke and but I did finish and there in the dark was the Raven waiting.By the way my nickname is Stair Climber why ?because I do this : skyrisechicago.com
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,2/15/2010,162,138,5,9,6>I would like to preface this review by saying if you don't like Cheese please don't waste your time going to the Cheese Course...it is a cheese lovers heaven. Now on to the review....I'm so happy there's a Cheese Course that is a bit more closer to me than Weston. I don't recall ever going to Midtown properly, so it was great checking out the mall and all the cute little stores.This location is dare I say bigger and better than the original!! There's plenty of room to sit and take in the vibes.We ordered several things and everyone had a bit of everything for a late lunch/early dinner. We had the Applewood Bacon Sandwich which was to die for...The combination of Applewood Smoked Bacon with Avocado and Rosemary Aioli was out of this world. I'm still day dreaming about the amazing taste combination the flavors offered...can you say YUMMY!!We also had the three cheese course with Goat Gouda, Manchego andGruyere...the freshly made pesto and the baguette took it to a whole other level. We also had the Quiche of the day and a spring mix salad which was fantastic. To finish up the meal we had a slice of the Torta de Santiago. Dearest Torta where have you been all my life??? It was so freaking good...it was sweet yet light enough after such a rich meal.Lunch for two including drinks and dessert was about $26.00...not bad at all.I hate driving but the Cheese Course was worth it. It should be on the list of any foodie. I would go again and again and again.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,2/14/2010,619,794,7,16,14>I'm a big fan of Brandsmart. When I was in the market for electronics and appliances after moving to S. Fla. a few years ago, and recently when upgrading some of my electronics, the prices here simply couldn't be matched by any other stores in the area. On my way to this store on a recent visit, I stopped at Best Buy, Walmart and Target to compare prices, and none of them came close to BrandsMart. That being said, you do need to come here with an understanding of what this place is...Don't expect the assistance and knowledge you can find at some Best Buy stores (though some of the personnel at Best Buy can be crappy, too) and don't expect to find a beautiful store with an updated or lavish interior.  If you're knowledgeable and have done your homework and know what you're looking for, however, you can usually find some really great deals.Pros: Great prices, large selection, most everything is always in stock. Staff are usually friendly, especially some of the guys at the loading dock outside where you pick up larger purchases. Cons: The sales people sometimes pester the crap out of you, especially if they see that you're shopping for bigger ticket items. Unfortunately, those same sales people are generally not knowledgeable about the items they're trying to sell you, sometimes they don't even know what equipment they have in their store and are no more help than if you were simply browsing on your own. Many of them elicit a glassy-eyed look when you start asking about specifics or get too technical. This particular store is nearly always packed, especially on weekends, and the parking lot overflows with people who usually end up finding parking on nearby streets. They will not allow their shopping carts to be taken out of the store at all.  If you bought large items or made several purchase and can't hand carry them out by yourself, you'll need to have one of the store employees help carry them to your vehicle.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,2/13/2010,374,258,9,10,9>This truly is a lounge for lounging around.  The minute you walk in you feel as though perhaps you've stepped into the basement of your best friend's house. It is cozier than cozy, with its dim lighting and its old wooden floors.  Couches layered with pillows line the walls.  You could practically nap here after you've had one too many Delirium Noels (oh and they have Delirium Tremens on draft... only place I've seen that has this as of yet- maybe I haven't been paying attention, or maybe it's true!)This place totally used to be someone's house- when you walk into the bathroom you'll realize this because a) the size of the bathroom is rather large, and b) there's a shower in it.  I think its atmosphere is, in part, due to this fact.  They have a pretty big beer selection, which adds to its awesomeness as a bar, but there are a couple of strikes against this place.  1) there was only one bartender, which made it really annoying to get a beer since it was rather packed (trivia apparently brings all the locals to the yard), and 2) they allow smoking inside- which for me is always a big grossness factor.  All in all, however, I really loved this place.... maybe next time it won't take me forever to get a beer- and if it does, I still think I'll keep coming back.  Besides, I have to get a taste of their 5 hour happy hour on fridays...2 for 1 drinks for that long of a time span spells nothing but trouble! I can't wait!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,2/12/2010,179,117,15,13,12>wow-oh-wow!! eating at jaxson's has now caused me to question all of the most basic laws of physics and the universe because there is no possible way that I was able to consume those massive amounts of food without exploding! I have a suggestion for jaxson's first-timers - decide what you want to go there for most, actual food or dessert, because if you go for both (like I did), prepare yourself to 1) be there for a looong time 2) leave there several pounds heavier and (with assistance) and 3) bring a designated driver because the food coma will kick in before you waddle your way out to the car.we went around 6 or so on a Sunday evening, ready and excited to try this dania legend of an ice cream shop. the place is so old-school with a candy store at the entrance, all sorts of old-timey memorabilia on the walls, and I think some of the staff members from the day they opened may still be working there (!LOL!). as soon as we sat down we started 'eating with our eyes' ordering way more then we needed to and/or should have. our waitress, Lizzie, was really friendly and patient and took her time to chat with us and get into details about the place, the food (all homemade), and her surprise at the enormity of our appetites. first came the homemade sodas (so tasty) and the chili, which comes in a taco shell with cheese and sour cream - very flavorful but needed more meat and beans, more substance to it. next came the bbq beef sandwich - very similar to a pulled beef sandwich, swimming in bbq sauce on a big bun - the sauce was a bit sweet for my taste but the beef was incredibly tender and the cole slaw was perfect. on to the santa fe burger (bbq sauce on the side please) - perfectly cooked (nearly rare), with cheddar cheese and fried onion rings, absolutely yum!! then (yes, there's more) came the chili cheese fries (really fantastic!) and the mile long beef hot dog with onion, chili, cheese, and sauerkraut on the side....this was by far the BEST thing we had all night - so flavorful, so juicy, so much freaking hot dog it is outrageous.at this point I was struggling to stay awake, even just to stay sitting up for that matter, since I was so full. but....jaxson's is an ice-cream parlor after all, and that's originally what we came for, so I just had to suck it up and give it my best effort. we ordered the 'junior' sampler with vanilla chocolate chip, oreo mint, and regular chocolate...add the marshmallow, hot fudge, and whipped cream and my stomach had officially reached its maximum density. the ice cream and toppings were unbelievably good - fresh, creamy, but not overly sweet - the perfect end to a ridiculous meal. gonna be a while before I come back here (my poor tummy has to recover), but I will definitely be back and be bringing a big group next time...who knows? maybe we'll even be brave enough to go for the kitchen sink!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,2/11/2010,330,118,9,17,16>Tired of the same ol' donut? MGDS is the place for you, or I should say website for you. Although they don't have an actual location, they deliver throughout Miami 7 days a week. You can definitely taste the difference from your very first bite. These donuts are out of this world delicious and are made with high quality products. They are fried in 0 grams trans fat which is great for those looking for a semi healthy excuse to eat donuts. MGDS offers packages that start as low as $25 and have a great variety of donuts to choose from. Perfect for any special occasion or in my case, an office meeting. My favorites include: white chocolate dip, cinnamon twist and hazelnut dip. So go ahead and order some donuts, you know you want to!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,2/10/2010,165,258,12,19,18>Upon a foodie friend's recommendation, we went Sunday to the Pinecrest Farmers' Market at Pinecrest Gardens (the former Parrot Jungle), and loaded up on beautiful produce.  This was exactly the type of place I was hoping to find in Miami.  Fresh.  Local.  Organic.  Delicious.  We also scored some wonderful heirloom tomato plants for the terrace, already about 3 feet high, full of flower and some actual fruit.  The prices, from what I heard are higher than they had been at the previous location, but the selection was abundant and beautiful.  Given what's available at our local Publix, (plastic-wrapped wilt) this is a Godsend.  I highly recommend the young garlic, if it's available.  Chop the whole plant up into anything savory you're making for an added va-voom!  In addition to beautiful fruits and veg, there was delicious fried conch, made-to-order guacamole, luxurious spices and teas, fresh-baked bread, and a lovely crowd.  As per normal at a farmers' market, bring your own shopping back to elevate yourself to 'elite' status.Sunday night, after our glorious fresh dinner, we saw the Iron Chef episode from the White House victory garden.  It all felt right.  If Michelle Obama says, 'Garden', so we shall.P.S.  They are also opening another farmers' market in SoBe at 22nd and Collins.  We'll try that one soon.  If you beat us to it...Yelp, baby, Yelp!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,2/9/2010,1381,665,13,26,16>Dear Coral Gables DMV Driver's License Office,I was in and out of there in 45 minutes yesterday.  I walked in around 1:30pm and only had to wait in line about 5 minutes before I was called to take a number.  Not having an appointment, I was worried I would be there all afternoon, so this was a huge relief.Not 5 minutes later, I was already being called to a window.  I explained I had to renew my license and have it reinstated and the lady was super quick.  I had to take the eye exam and the Road Signs test, I guess since I had to renew my license after 9 years, and passed with flying colors. After that, I took a new picture (I had the same pic since I was 20! I guess it was time...), wrote a check for $20, and took a seat.  Just a few minutes later, my new license was ready.  I was back out the door and on my way back to work.Nothing like getting these tedious missions handled quickly and efficiently!Thank you for your very efficient staff who handled this matter professionally and quickly.Regards,Sabrina*
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,2/8/2010,259,522,7,16,9>I get rather tired of Coral Gables.  There's a ton of middle class people  working in the buildings around Miracle Mile and Alhambra Circle, yet there are so few middle class dining options.  For all the $15-35 lunches like Houstons, Les Halles Brasserie, Mortons, Flemings, Ana Capris, Benihana, etc... theres a burrito chain, a salad chain, and some crappy, unhealthy Chinese food.  Enter the Dragon... I mean, Gallery Deli.1.  Quality:  The. Soup. Is. Awesome.  The. MediaNoche. Wrap. Is. Delicious.  I spoke with the owner, who mentioned that the meats are all locally sourced, which is AWESOME considering how factory farms from Brazil to Timbuktu seem to still make even Ruths Chris steaks (when Ruths Chris says "corn fed beef", that means "factory farm" for insiders)... at least I know my ham and beef and whatever else I'm feeling for the day is from within Florida.2.  Price:  Did I mention their various cuban-inspired sandwiches are around $5!!  They are big, and delicious.  3. Convenience:  It's within walking distance for most people working in the downtown Coral Gables area... they can make a sandwich, hamburger and coffee lickety-split4. Ambiance:  Quaint, cheery and exactly what I need to BREAK out of the Starbucks DEATHGRIP that has taken ahold of so many in the Coral Gables Area.  If you need to meet, have a coffee and grab some internet, come here.5. Service:  I didn't mention that the delivery guys are really cool, and are also eco-friendly (they ride bikes)... very quick to bring orders in around 10-20 minutes (I think that was the time... my hunger peaked right as it arrived... perfect timing!)Downside?  It's a bit hard to find.  The street it's on is somewhat undeveloped, and could use some TLC... it's a beautiful little area... take a stroll over, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2008,5/29/2008,147,180,2,4,4>If you're looking for something that deviates from the typical kids clothing norm, head over to Hiho Batik. Batik is an artform you can use to decorate clothes, and the results are cute, cute, cute. The store has T-shirts, tanks, shorts, undies, oneses, etc ... even parties for kids so they can design their own shirts.They also have a Japanese toy section, which makes my heart melt. Warning: Even though a sales clerk assured me my new pink tank would be fine in the regular wash, it bled all over the other items it touched when I laundered it. While I was able to salvage most of the white suff with bleach, a few things bit the dust. But after a nice e-mail to the owner explaining the situation, she offered to replace the tank. Just be sure to soak your stuff in salt before you toss it in with the rest of your dirties--no mater what the sales girl says! The prices are a little dramatic, but then again, who won't lay down a little extra cash for their kid to look original?
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2008,5/28/2008,352,828,1,6,4>The "Best Fried Chicken in South Florida" is at former Major League Baseball player Andre Dawson's restaurant in Miami Gardens...The Mahogany Grille. He calls it, "The Best in Neo-Classical Soul Food". For starters, they serve a basket of  warm corn bread, bisquits and sweet potato bisquits.  which supplemented our Bahamian Style Conch Fritters. For my entree, I ordered the Crispy Southern Style Chicken which was fried with a sweet cream buttermilk batter. This was the very best fried chicken I've ever had. It was served with macaroni & cheese and collard greens. I substituted the greens for some Asiago Cheese Grits. For dessert, we had the Red Velvet Chocolate cake but next time I'll save room for the Peach & Blueberry Cobbler. There is a large bar with several TVS in one large room to the left with Andre Dawson's jersey hanging in in the corner and a separate large dinning room with a small bar. The restaurant is open Wednesday through Sunday. I would recommend making reservations. There is plenty of gated free parking in front.BTW, I went there on a Saturday night and Andre was at the restaurant eating dinner at the bar!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2008,5/26/2008,14,13,4,6,4>Nearly every table was full (9pm on a Thursday night) and we were all so indecisive with the extensive menu, our waitress came up to us about 4 times before we finally ordered. She was really attentive and patient, and looking around at everyone else there, it appeared that they were getting the same service. Started off with a Sapporo ($5.50) and miso soup ($2) which I slurped down, not too salty, good flavor and hearty bits of tofu swimming around. Fried pork gyoza followed ($3.50 for 3), tasted good, but way too greasy (yes, I realize it's fried) and overpriced in my opinion. Salmon skin hand roll ($3) was nice and crunchy, no complaints. My Okonomiyaki ($7) which I was most excited about left something to be desired. The batter was pretty bland but since it's something not commonly found around these parts I was content just to see it in front of me. Salmon Kama ($5) followed, let me tell you, I decimated that thing! I started picking the moist flakiness off with my chopsticks but halfway through I got in there with my hands until the only thing left were bones and the lemon wedge that decorated the plate. I wish I could've hugged that salmon as a thank you for being so delicious before I ate his face. Needless to say, I was totally satisfied as were the rest of my table. Go to Matsuri if you haven't yet, maybe next time after a few more beers, I can stare at the bamboo wallpaper and imagine I really am back in Japan.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2008,5/25/2008,24,15,1,7,5>I'm a relative newcomer to Downtown Miami, having moved here less than a year ago.  Before that, I lived in South Beach for four years, and during that time I brunched, breakfasted and coffeed pretty often at La Provence on Collins and 16th.  While I always appreciated the variety of baguettes, bread, and pastries, I also found the cafe to be cramped and overcrowded, the staff rushed and hasty, and my pastries cold and on the tough side (maybe I got there too late in the day?).Still, I always liked the mom-and-pop, genuine French bakery atmosphere and their top-notch cafe au lait, so when I saw that a new location had just opened a couple of blocks away from my apartment building, I was psyched.  Finally: a croissant I can walk to!  So this morning B. and I set off, on foot, to my local La Provence.  I was happy to see the the interior was clean, uncluttered, streamlined, and chic, full of light, a smattering of tables and chairs, and three large bakery cases filled with veritable food porn.  There's a case displaying Viennoiserie (croissants and pastries), another for salads and sandwiches, and another for tarts, cakes, and petits-fours, all equally gorgeous.  Visually, we were totally satisfied, but our tummies were growling.I ordered a breakfast croissant, a chocolate croissant, and a cafe au lait.  The coffee had the perfect ratio of milk to coffee, plus some bonus froth.  The breakfast croissant was rudimentary, though well executed: great pastry, perfect French omelette, a forgettable triangle of cheddar (pourquoi?) cheese.  The chocolate croissant had, again, the perfect proportions of chocolate to pastry, and the pastry was light and flaky and delicious, but it arrived room-temperature (I like my pastries warm or toasted, as they should be).B. got a prosciutto, mozzarella, and tomato panini with basil pesto.  The bread was yummy and the sandwich was good, although senseless and a bit superfluous in a French cafe.  (Croque monsieur, where are you hiding?  I mean, if it's basics they're going for...)  He also got not one, but two chocolate croissants, for good measure, which were consistently delicious, although room-temp.Finally, we shared a small fresh raspberry and pistachio tart, which was, and I'm not exaggerating here, EXQUISITE.  Subtle and rich and light and creamy and seasonal, even.  Delicious.  If we'd had several stomachs (oh happy cows!), we would have eaten the entire place, but post-tart we really had to walk away.  I'm still anxious to try their baguettes and bread, and each and every one of their tarts and confections, so needless to say, I will be back next weekend for a second round.Oh, as a postscript: the service was, although a tiny bit flustered during a late-morning rush, super nice and attentive and courteous.  Both the manager and the owner were in the cafe, and took the time to  shake hands and chat with us.I really can't recommend La Provence enough.  Just remind them to heat up your pastries.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,5/24/2008,259,519,3,7,3>If there's one thing I know, its good Cuban food. And Havana Harry's in the only Cuban restaurant in South Florida worth mentioning. My mother makes, hands down, the best Cuban food ever. Because of that, I have never been able to enjoy a meal at a Cuban restaurant without thinking that I could have had the same at home, better and free...until I paid a visit to Havana Harry's. The service was slow and it took forever to get my drink from the bar, but it was worth the wait. The mojito was great, the plantain chips were awesome and my chicken with mango sauce was incredible. The moros (black beans and rice)...oh, moros, how I love you...were as close to my mothers as I've ever had.Don't go here if you're in a hurry. But if you're looking for a good, authentic Cuban restaurant, this is the only place to go.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2007,5/23/2008,6,3,2,4,3>Tobacco Road is my favorite bar in Miami, it is also the oldest bar here so it has that worn in feeling which makes you wanna stay...This has been the home way from home for many musicians so it's got lots of character and history.I love the fact that it's not one the beach and I get there in 10 minutes form where I live. Great music, great food, live bands, prices are reasonable. The atmosphere is perfect to hang out and have some beers. If it gets too loud inside you step out and enjoy the nice Miami breeze! Tops in my list.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2008,5/22/2008,341,375,3,5,4>The Home Depot for the arts. This place has everything you could want if you wanted to start some type of art project. The staff is really friendly and will guide you around the store to get the supplies you need. The price is a little steep but when you are starting from scratch that is to be expected. I'm sure that once you have the basics of what you need the hobby becomes a lot cheaper. They do give you a 10 percent discount if you have a student ID so that is pretty cool.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2008,5/20/2008,278,388,3,5,3>This was the first place I stopped at when I jumped off the plane, visiting Miami for the first time as a tourist 5 years ago.  My friend took me there.  I remember eating outside thinking how humid it was here.  Having the 'god it's SOO humid' look on my face : )This place is great though, if you're in the area.  There's a bunch of different counters serving a variety of cuban food, seafood, and juices and most of them are pretty cheap!I think they're building another one further West.  Wish they'd open one up on the Upper East side though.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2007,5/19/2008,631,621,,3,2>We had a short wait for a table which was well spent at the bar. Cocktails poured to perfection and super nice waitstaff. DH and I were on the American leg of our Honeymoon tour and ready for a fantastic meal of succulent and flavorful jumbo Stone Crab Claws. Thanks Joe for coming through with the goods. I was super hungry but the portions were even larger than my appetite. Every mouthful was delicious. Well worth the hype.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2007,5/18/2008,130,304,,3,3>Damn, I thought I would be first to review!!! Oh Well. Unlike the first reviewer I really liked Shorty's. I have been to Miami twice this past year and both times stayed at the Marriot that is about a block away from Shorty's BBQ. Now I was reluctant to try this place because of its appearance but the looks here are deceiving and it is a look that is designed. Much like the "Roadhouse" chain restaurants in the U.S. this place is made to look like a shack. The food.... Now, I love me some BBQ and the BBQ here is delicious. The ribs I have had were succulent. The pork sandwich was also delish with and without the BBQ sauce. Now they have a couple different sauces and the pulled pork has the vinegar based sauce but I actually like the sweeter sauce on it. It was rated as a top BBQ joint in the country in some magazine article that was posted inside the place and I agree it is a damn good BBQ joint.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,1/2/2012,93,176,7,6,9>I am a cheese lover therefore to have a truck just devoted to this wonderful food is an awesome tribute to this delicious yummy melty goodness!The truck is just so adorable specially to me as I love anything to do w/ pin up decor, the dresses & the girls... (in my past life I hope I was one...lol)   I also love the fact that this truck is one of the few that sets up a few tables and chairs for their customers. Nice touch!Service is friendly and quick and there will be a line as we all love this comfort food and they have fans such as myself that will follow them around all truck events.My sister shared "the Italian" and it was a delicious blend of Provolone, tomato, basil and cream cheese on country white bread...so delicious. Perfect blend of all ingredients and it was nicely toasted to perfection.I also shared The Grilled Harvest that has Spiced apples and havarti cheese grilled to perfection on multi-grain bread. I never knew that apples and cheese on a sandwich could taste so good.I am dying to try their dessert sandwich ( sweet meltdown)so I will be dreaming of these cheesy goodness until I get very soon.Make yourself a favor and try any of their awesome sandwiches soon!See you around,Your cheesy but lovin' friend,Moni B.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,1/1/2012,178,264,6,11,8>Shhhh.  Don't tell anyone but this is the best gym ever.  I don't want anyone to find out because at the moment it isn't too crowded here so I can have access to all the awesome equipment with my own personal TV's at each cardio machine without having to wait.  I can enjoy the classes since they're a reasonable size, especially my favorite class, Cardio Kickboxing with Santi.  The JCC is so much more than the gym, and since I mainly only use the gym you don't have to keep the rest a secret.  There's after school programs for kids, preschool, summer camps and activities like sports, music, and dance.  There's the Nosh bar for a tasty snack and a huge campus to explore.  There's a pool, tennis courts, basketball courts, racquetball and batting cages.  There is also spinning and reformer pilates for additional charges.  And free child care while you work out.It's pretty much the bomb.  But don't tell anyone.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,12/31/2011,149,131,5,9,8>Dined here Friday night and we were very impressed!They are located right around the corner from Space and Nocturnal and it was an easy walk from the 11th Street Metro Station. Very eclectic atmosphere and the food was amazing! To start we had the Smoked Veal Bobotie. It had a similar texture to meat loaf (but like the best meatloaf of your life) and it was mixed with a passion fruit vinaigrette. After our first bite we knew instantly that we were in for a treat! My friend even gave me a high five for recommending the restaurant!For our mains, we went with the Kira Inspired Grilled Scallop, Chamomile Horseradish Glazed Salmon and the Steak Stack. We were all in heaven.The bottle of Pinotage from the Graham Beck winery in South Africa was the perfect complement to our meal. Even though we weren't really still hungry, we couldn't resist trying their Willy Wonka Sampler since everything else had been so creative and spot on. Very interesting to say the least!Service was wonderful - husband and wife team who do it all from answering the phone, seating & waiting on us to cooking our food! It was worth every penny for the quality and execution. 5 stars without a doubt in my mind!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,12/30/2011,944,946,12,19,10>I love Yardbird.  One visit in, and I'm already hooked!  Chef McInnis has done it again.  I can definitely see this place developing quite a following with locals and tourists alike, and it's prime location just steps from Lincoln Road will certainly help with that!A week after opening, and Yardbird seems to have many of the kinks worked out, which definitely makes for a positive dining experience.  I'd read up on the reviews, and had my ear to the street, determined to order the best dishes for my first visit.Amongst a group of 5, we ordered quite an array of delicious Southern-influenced goodies: fried green tomato BLTs, Mama's chicken biscuits, the ribs, the fried chicken plate, a chicken special, a side of biscuits, and the mac-n-cheese, plus 3 desserts.  To say that we were stuffed would be an understatement. My dining companions were of the type that like to order "for the table."  I'm pretty easy-going when it comes to that sort of thing, and luckily, with my input of the chicken biscuits, all my "must-try" items were covered. But here's the confusing part.  All our food (and I do mean every. single. dish.) arrived at our table not more than 10 minutes after we ordered.  And all at once.  While the restaurant was packed.  To me, this reeks of pre-prepared plates.  Granted, everything was hot and tasted great, but if I'm paying $27 for a plate of fried chicken, it better be fried-to-order.My other complaint is that it took as long to get a bottle of wine as it did for the food to come out of the kitchen.  Yet the waitstaff all have tablets for taking orders, which to me means that any order is automatically transmitted to the area of the restaurant responsible for getting that out.  So why it took nearly 15 minutes to get a bottle of wine when beers were arriving at the table while the waiter was still taking orders is a mystery that needs solving.Despite being stuffed on ribs, fried chicken and accoutrement, after our waiter described the desserts in great detail, we were powerless to resist!  We opted for the sweet potato beignets with bacon ice cream, the red velvet cake, and the milk & cookies (though one of my dining companions insisted that the cookies all be chocolate chip, thereby foregoing the awesome-sounding moonpies included in the regular assortment).  We were only given spoons to eat our desserts, which made splitting 4 beignets among 5 people challenging.  Everything was a winner, though the beignets could do with a little less powdered sugar coating - it tried to mask the slightly burnt taste of the beignet, but really just overpowered the whole dish.Prices, while not on par with this type of food, are in line with the Lincoln Road scene.  And while some of the entrees say "really big share plate," that may not be all that true when it comes to the hungrier diners, so be forewarned.  If you're planning on drinking and trying a few different options, plan on roughly $50-$60 per person, including tip.Despite my criticism, I am truly fond of Yardbird, and am already planning my return visit.  Bring on the biscuits!!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,12/29/2011,113,636,9,5,6>Again, I visited, and again, they delivered excellent food and service.  I am trying to eat here as often as they can to ensure that their pop up restaurant becomes a permanent fixture here in Miami, because their food is excellent.I decided to get the same drink I loved so much before, the 5 spice limeade, and it was great.  As usual, there was a wait to sit but it didn't take too long, and trust me, the wait is worth it! For an appetizer, I got the Banh Cuon, which is the same as their Oodles of Noodles, but this time, there were a lot more noodles than last time.  Unfortunately, they had sold out on their Summer Rolls as well as other items.  I also got the Ghost of Ha Long Bay, which is in tribute to the season of Halloween and contained 5-spice pumpkin on braised short ribs.  I know that when you think of 5-spice, you're probably thinking of something sweet, which sounds odd on meat along with pumpkin but trust me, it is delicious and you just have to mix the pumpkin with the meat and have an open mind.  It was finger-licking good and if it weren't for the fact that it is considered rude, I would have stuck my fingers inside and licked the last bit of that pumpkin sauce, LOL.The last item I chose to try consisted of the Stuffed Calamari in Red Curry which are calamari rings stuffed with crab.  It was also delicious, and I kind of wished there was more to eat because it was gone in a blink.  I was full, but not full enough to skip dessert.  They had 2 options: a coconut tapioca or (I think) some chocolate thing.  I'm sure you know which one I chose considering I cannot remember the other choice...the tapioca came with pieces of fruit, such as banana, mixed in.  Although I don't really like bananas, I really enjoyed this delicious and exotic dessert.  This place is always full and there's always a wait.  I recommend that you come when you're hungry but not so hungry that you cannot afford to wait 10-15 minutes to be seated.  Your patience will pay off!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,12/28/2011,350,676,9,14,10>If you are in Kendall and haven't tried Don Domingo, you need to go. The smell alone will draw you in.Don Domingo is an unassuming little "carniceria" on 107th and 32nd St. (Hiding next to the BP gas station). It's a little Argentinian market but on weekends, they open up the side of the store and sell some of the best Argentinian BBQ (Grilled) that you'll eat. It's just a bunch of guys (one girl) who stand around, grilling meats, blasting music and just having fun. The menu isn't large but every single item looks good. I've stuck with the churrasco sandwiches and the choripans, but they sell a variety of meats such as picanha, chorizo, churrasco, chicken, ribs (posted a menu in the photos section). Their menu is different every week, but doesn't change much.The churrasco sandwich ($6) was incredible. The bread is soft enough to soak in the juices of the meat without being soggy. The meat itself is very tender and very flavorful. When the meat is ready, they'll ask you for your choice of normal chimichurri or the spicy one. Both are good, but I prefer the original. (Spicy one wasn't too spicy to me) The choripan ($4) was good too. It's only one chorizo and they slice it in half and serve it in the same bread as the churrasco. But the flavor was great and I've always been a sucker for chorizo.Don Domingo is definitely worth a visit. You may grow to love the place. It can get packed and parking is complete crap, but if you love meat, you'll find a way to make it work. Be sure to bring cash (though they do take cards inside the shop)
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,12/27/2011,271,213,7,8,7>What a gem this place is! I will start recounting my experience backwards. Even though  I was equally impressed with all the courses, the dessert left me HOOKED and wanting more.  I would just come back for this extraordinarily prepared Milkshake. Yes,  plain and simple only a Milkshake, and the best I have ever had at that.  The concoction: Popcorn salted brown sugar, chocolate hazelnut crisp AND then comes HEAVEN!  (All desserts priced at 9$).  Its whimsically served with popcorn scattered around the plate together with home-made kit-kat bars.  I suggest you first eat all the popcorn and thereafter drench the kit-kat in the remaining liquid. You have to try it in order to understand the pleasant confusion your palate will undergo between saltiness and sugar.   My entree consisted of Grilled Branzino, Baby Fennel, Fava Beans and Cerignola Olives ($29). I believe they serve it in the same pan they cook it in.   The Branzino was perfectly crisp skin facing up lying in a bed of spinach mixed with shaved  fennel, surrounded by fava beans and olives that were sliced thinly.  A white pecorino foam ( I believe) covered the remaining parts of the place and created the perfect sauce for this dish. I could not not order at least one of their 7 interesting side dishes, so I opted for the Brussels Sprouts, Prosciutto and Shaved Apple ($7). Another dish I could eat all by itself. Super delicious. Everyone on the table at first raised their brow saying: Brussels Sprouts??  but once they took a bite..oh my!! Exactly...Appetizer was also absolutely amazing: Kabocha & Butternut Squash Soup Almond Cream, Pumpkin Seeds ($10). Wow, very tasty soup.  They drizzled something very aromatic on top but am not sure what it was.  The pumpkin seeds gave it the perfect texture. Perfect!And here we are at arrival: They serve small freshly baked pretzel bites(about 8 pieces)  with a honey spicy mustard.. Interesting, never seen this before (free) Wait----- I forgot that I also tried the White Chocolate Lava Cake, Tequila Orange Sauce and Orange Sorbet. ($9) It takes 20 min for this dessert to be ready to be served, so be patient or start sipping on a Milkshake... :)   This dessert is very refreshing and fruity. The lava cake has more of cake consistency and is not the same as with a dark chocolate lava cake.  Worth trying..  The Milkshake won here for me though. This one shall be repeated plenty of times... pure awesomeness!PS: At the moment they have a $115 special for a 5-course truffle menu.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,12/26/2011,128,118,5,8,7>They refused to do my laundry, but the Chinese food was pretty good. More than pretty good, a little less than totally mind blowing, and a very short walk from my apartment. The spot next to GoGos used to be a laundromat, and when I stepped inside, the entire place had been gutted and rebuilt. A wall where no wall had been. A kitchen where no kitchen had been. It's a good sized space divided by a full bar on one side with plenty of room for a crowd (although it looked a little lonesome at 7pm on a Wednesday sans crowd) and seating for about 50-60 people on the other side. Silvery tree decals cling to the walls and exposed ventilation and speaker wires created an insta-hipster loft/lounge vibe.The dumplings are made fresh. Even the soy sauce is homemade. And the man I took to be the manager was very friendly and helpful.Dishes are a little pricey for the everyday, but they're big enough to share. So $15-20 for 2 people isn't so bad. We ordered the Tea Smoked Duck in orange chili sauce. We thought it was lacking in orange and chili, but it was cooked well and was very tasty nonetheless. Huzzah for more dining options on South Beach. Can't wait to check it out at 2am (they're open till nearly 4am I think) for late night drinks and grubs. I hope there's a bar menu!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,12/25/2011,129,287,8,17,12>My wife and I shared our unofficial anniversary dinner (when we started dating six years ago) there a few weeks ago and had a spectacular experience from beginning to end.It started with our stopping by a few hours earlier during the book fair to ask about availability, to which they responded by squeezing us into what was otherwise a booked-solid night.We got there at our appointed time (admittedly a bit earlier than we prefer, but beggars can't be choosers) and were promptly seated at a table with a lovely view of the towers to north, the arena, and a bit of Biscayne Bay.We ordered wine, received some SPECTACULAR rolls (even in the midst of my diet, I couldn't resist a second) and an amuse-bouche.I started with a pair of small, but delicious lamb empanadas and my wife had a chowder, which she adored.While waiting for our entrée, Norman came out to chat with us and we had a great conversation about the new dining options developing in the area.Our shared entrée of pork tenderloin came out, which had some great sides, but we also got an extra side of mashed potatoes (which my wife cannot resist).  All of which were excellent.To wrap things up we had trouble deciding between an old fashioned cinnamon bun or a chocolate creation.  Once we decided on the chocolate option, we were a little disappointed how long it took.We then saw why...They'd made both desserts for us and written congratulations on them for our anniversary.  Although both were excellent, I loved the chocolate and my wife loved the bun, so it worked out well!It's a pricey option, but I'm glad to see Norman back to doing what he does best, and Tuyo is an excellent addition to Miami's fine dining scene.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,12/24/2011,471,255,13,19,17>Helllloooooooo new favorite watering hole! Wood is exactly what I've needed in my life since I've moved into the neighborhood. I happened to be hanging out with some friends in the area on Wednesday when they had their Family and Friends soft opening, so we decided to check it out and I'm pretty sure this fairy tale ends with happily ever after.Where to begin? How about their music selection? I feel like they've taken my Zune and made it their own, the soundtrack to anybody who grew up in the 90's, 00's and is still living it up today. From Oasis to MGMT, Phoenix and the like, the tunes you want to sing along and dance to all night long. The vibe is super chill, with a couple of couches that look straight out the 70's and very interesting trinkets and collectible items that will have you in a daze for minutes, right before you're enthralled in conversation by the friendly owners and the very awesome and approachable bartenders, who will continue to make your night absolutely amazing with their concoctions. You will feel like you are in a capsule frozen in time, hours will seem like mere minutes, and the good times will roll before your eyes. Make sure you say hello when you come hang out, because I promise I'll be enjoying every single thing this awesome joint will offer to its Wynwood residents.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,7/20/2013,51,88,5,9,5>I have had the feeling that I would never really 'like' my OB/GYN after years of hit or miss relationships. So, upon a move to South Florida (away from the mega-hospital UPMC in Pittsburgh, where I was convinced I would be well-cared for ...) I was completely nervous about searching for a new doc. Trust in the Yelp!! I drove an hour and a half to get to this office and it was worth every minute. The nurses were all friendly (not too friendly, but friendly enough). I am totally impressed by an office that is almost completely paper-free. You know those 30 page medical history forms you fill out at a new doc? Not here. I had what felt like a more personal interview to answer those same questions, and it was all filed on their Apple ecosystem without me even touching a pen. Huge points in my book.  I was scheduled for my annual with one of the midwives, Margaret Wardlaw (Maggie). She was thoughtful, thorough, personable, and I truly felt she was 'advising' me because she cares about her patients and not because I showed up and my insurance would pay for whatever tests she recommended. She was also proactive in reminding me to send her my prescription information so she could write me a new script (I didn't bring mine with me) ... which, frankly, I would've totally forgotten to call in until I was out of pills and in a bind. Overall, really good first impression and couldn't be more excited to 'settle down' and stop my never-ending search for a decent doc!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,7/19/2013,144,386,2,7,4>It's been a long time since we had a perfect meal from start to finish - thank you, Bread + Butter, for the perfect meal to celebrate our anniversary and possibly our last yummy meal before baby arrives (my future foodie baby loved the food too!)We ordered the tamal en casuela which is served with oxtail and the most perfectly cooked sunny side up egg you'll ever meet, flavor was on point. The guava BBQ empanada (very yummy, crispy, super tender pork and bomb diggity sauce.) The frita china - which was out of control flavorful. Chorizo patty? Wow. The plantains wrapped in bacon which are the perfect combo of sweet and BACON! The pan braised chicken - best chicken I've ever had, and I kinda hate chicken. The skin was crispy and tasty, meat was super juicy and tender, it was awesome. The mashed potatoes and caramelized veggies on the side were cooked to perfection and seasoned well but not overpoweringly. For dessert, we had the flan and the guava French toast, both absolute winners. Even though we ordered a lot of food we did not feel yucky or stuffed afterwards. The portions were perfect sharing size (for 2) and the food wasn't greasy or fatty, just flavorful and very satisfying. Service was also on point.My only complaint is I wish they brought out a basket of bread & butter to munch on while you wait for your food. I don't know if this was a preggo craving or an underlying expectation bc of the name, but I would've loved some sort of Cuban tostada type of thing before my meal. Also, we left a little stinky. Actually, very stinky. I don't like my purse to smell like fritanga the next morning. Even though the place is going for that counter/cafeteria feel I don't think I need the full experience. It would fab if they could do something about that. Overall, awesome dining experience. We will definitely be back.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,7/17/2013,81,133,3,6,4>If you want to look and feel FABULOUS, Midtown Beauty Bar is where you need to go. MBB is a sexy, new unisex salon in midtown, conveniently located off 395, just a couple blocks from the North Miami exit. The salon itself is a free-standing building with *free parking* (big plus for midtown!) Owner Vanessa Garcia is an UBER-talented, self-proclaimed "vanity specialist." Whether you need hair extensions, cut & color, updo's, nail services, airbrush makeup (amazing!), body painting for a special event, or on-location services (i.e. a wedding party), Midtown Beauty Bar does it all. I highly recommend having airbrush makeup done atleast once in your life. It will make you feel like a celebrity, nevermind that you will look flawless.Vanessa has been doing my hair and makeup for years, and we all know that once you find the right stylist, you never need (or want) to see anyone else.  Vanessa has an extremely loyal clientele for a reason. You won't be disappointed! (by appointment only)
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,7/16/2013,11,28,5,16,8>Mike, Janey the Cat and a variety of bunnies inhabit this strange store, but the used treasures you'll find will surprise you even more than the store's unusual denizens.  The prices are better than I've ever seen, and you can also get a further discount from the already rock-bottom prices by turning in your own used books.There is only general organization by book category, and there is no computer system, but Mike is an expert and can help you find any book you're looking for.  Your book isn't there?  Mike will take your number and call you when it comes in.I've gotten great used books in like-new quality for only $1.  If you are like me and constantly have to pay library late fines, skip the fees and head over to Mike's place.  It will be much cheaper, and you'll probably end up feeling perked up by your great finds and Mike's friendly and helpful attitude.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,7/15/2013,41,15,13,16,8>I'm guessing that the owners of Crazy About You, Dolores But You Can Call Me Lolita, and now Love is Blind must be naming their restaurants after the track list on some obscure 1980s hair metal band. However, since my wife and I can't get enough of their serrano ham and manchego croquetas we were pleasantly surprised to see them open a place in the Gables.Sure, 225 Altara is cursed. We've eaten at Chispa, Casuajuana, and Sake Blue in this same place. The layout for Love is Blind is essentially the same, though with more of the candle-lit flair that Dolores has. Sure enough, the croquettes -- self-billed as the best that you will ever try -- did not disappoint. The other appetizer we went with -- huevos rotos -- I thought would be like the Huevos Por Fin served at what is now Bulla's. It wasn't like that at all, but it was still pretty darn tasty with poached eggs on top of potatoes with crispy pieces of serrano sprinkled on top. As anyone that has been to Crazy or Dolores knows, the menu is broken down into three tiers of entrees at set price points and they all include an appetizer. As I've found at the two other restaurants, the appetizers were better than the main courses. We went with the skinny chicken and the kobe sliders, and the highlight were the razor-thin shoestring fries served with the sliders. There was room saved for dessert, and instead of the signature make your own dessert we went with the nutella pizza. It was crispy and sweet with strawberries, bananas, and a scoop of ice cream, but it wasn't as good as the nutella pizza served at Pizza Rustica.Service was outstanding. We had an attentive waiter, and our food came out quickly. The manager came around to get some feedback, pointing out that the glasses were made of wine bottles that were cut and smoothed over. We'll be back. We finally have one of the siblings of the Brickell darlings in our hood! I'll have to work my way through some of the entrees to find the one that's my calling. One problematic thing was that there were just three tables occupied when we went on a very early dinner on a Saturday (5:30pm) and there weren't many more table occupied when we left an hour later. 225 Altara is cursed, but hopefully there are enough Gables fans of Dolores and Crazy to make this work. If not, there's always the 1980s hair metal idea!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,7/14/2013,336,556,7,12,9>It was a rainy Friday night, and my pockets were not as deep as they usually were. I had spent more money than I should have during the whole week, and my friends and I were looking for free entertainment so that we could relieve stress. We searched miamiflonthecheap.com (highly recommended for free events) and saw a listing for a screening of independent short film screenings directly from Spain held at the CCE Miami Centro Cultural Español."Hmm.. I have never been there," I thought, and with that notion, my friends and I hopped into our car and were on our way to this self-proclaimed Spanish arts establishment to watch free movies.Several questions raised through my head as we got there."Where do we park?" There was seriously a tropical storm happening in front of our very eyes, and the only parking I saw was along the street. My friend had me run to the building to get answers, since I was armed with my North Face rain jacket.The lady who was in there told me that guests could park in the Adrienne Arsht lot behind the gallery for $5. I called my friend on his cell phone so that I could avoid getting wet, and he was off to find parking. Lucky for him, he parked for free on the street over because no one in the right mind would give out tickets at the verge of a monsoon. We were right.Exploring the gallery with my friend I was amazed at the life-size framed pictures hanging on the walls. They were all interpretive, and there were three different collections on display. All pictures told a story relating to Spanish culture, and the high-end quality was similar to what you find by Peter Lik. Pictures related to cultural identity and independence. I learned something new as I examined each picture.Since the short film screenings were going to start, my friend and I rushed over to secure seats. Lucky for us again, the room was empty. It was basically a huge white room that screamed "sanitary". It reminded me of a bare hospital room. The walls were completely white. There were rows of seats with a space in the middle, and a projector was aimed against the front wall for the movies. We were the only people in the room as the screenings started, but people started to trickle in. It may have been empty because of the rain. The short films were amazing. All were award winners directly from Spain and were from different genres: horror, romance, comedy. It made me think about what the director was trying to say. Since I did not know Spanish, I was glad that all short films had subtitles. I had a great time, and I must admit that I am starting to feel foreign films are better than domestic ones. They just seem to have a deeper meaning to them.If anyone is looking for free entertainment, I would recommend anyone to check out CCE Miami Centro Cultural Espanol's events. They do a couple of free events during the year. The gallery attendant is also nice and will answer all your questions.I will definitely come here again. It is places like these that allow me to appreciate different cultures.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,7/13/2013,120,122,4,8,4>Ok.... Seriously... This food is out of this world.Brussel Sprouts - perfectly seasoned and just a little bit crunchy.  When I bit into the first one, all my childhood memories of cartoon characters hating brussel sprouts popped into my head... and suddenly I was angry that I had never tried them before.  A+ brussel sprouts.Chicken and Waffles - the chicken was good.. very tender.  The waffles... well... i like syrup on my waffles... Tomatoes -  Yummy.  Tomato slices topped with peanuts.  The sprinkled coconut ice really made it a refreshing little dish.General Tso's Oxtail - I'm not a big meat eater, but this was pretty good. Pasta Carbonara - my favorite of the night.  It was very heavy, and they served it last, but it was so good that I found space for it.  No words to explain it, it was just that delicious.  I want to go back just for this!Dirt Cup - I expected something different.  It was all chocolate.  Still yummy, though.The Elvis - Peanut butter, bananas, and ice cream... you can't go wrong.I gave it 4 stars because they messed up our bill and charged us for 2 extra people, but things like that always happen in big groups so I won't hold it against them.I will definitely be going back.  I want to try the Captain Crunch Pancakes.... Anything smothered in condensed milk sounds like a good idea to me.Overall Score: A- for the billing mishap
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,7/12/2013,160,130,4,9,5>I eagerly anticipated my first visit to the Cypress Room.  While the restaurant debuted quietly, with little fanfare a couple of months ago, I was determined not to go rush to this restaurant as soon as it opened.  At the advice of a good friend of mine who used to work in the hospitality industry, he warned me from going to any restaurant the first week they opened.  "Let them get their sea legs first" is what I told myself.I'm glad I waited about two months to get my first taste of the Cypress room, because it was more than worth the wait.  The dining experience and cuisine were both top notch.  The service was impeccable and the food was expertly prepared with the creativity and execution I've come to expect from Michael Schwartz and his staff.While this is a Michael Schwartz restaurant, the concept at The Cypress Room is more traditional.  There isn't a dizzying array of plates arranging from snack size to extra large like MGFD.  There are starters, mains (including 3 extra large mains meant for sharing), and desserts, meant to be ordered in the traditional manner (1 starter, 1 entree, and 1 dessert per diner).  In this new era of small plate and tapas style dining, this concept at a fine dining restaurant almost seems novel.  That being said, our meal was tremendous.  We started with the marrow bones and lamb tartare.  Both dishes were unreal, the tartare, done in the traditional French style (but for the lamb) was the best I've ever eaten.  We then split the daily rotisserie special, which for us was a beautiful giant roasted short rib, that had been brined in this pastrami style seasoning and slow roasted on the rotisserie.  It was rich and fatty (in the best way possible), and the brine really cut through much of that richness.  It was tremendous dish.  As for the desserts, Hedy Goldsmith delivered her excellent creative desserts that we've come to love in the past.  The chess pie with huckleberries was an absolute winner.The Cypress room is definitely on the pricy side (well worth it) and won't be replacing MGFD for me on the regular rotation, but we will definitely be back to the Cypress Room.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,7/11/2013,227,222,4,5,4>I can't sit here and speak to the freshness or quality of the sushi the way a sushi aficionado might be able to. The truth is that, while I've stepped outside of my anti-seafood box in recent years, I still can't be classified as adventurous. I usually stick to California rolls or some other concoction featuring tempura shrimp.What I CAN tell you is that Go To Sushi offers to its patrons low prices, a cozy space, and a broad selection of sushi and (for the rest of us) non-sushi apps and entrees. It's really tough to beat a place where you can get away with ordering a California roll, a rainbow roll, steamed gyoza, chicken teri-don (chicken teriyaki with mushrooms), and two sodas for about thirty bucks.It just doesn't happen anywhere else.Furthermore, so as not to focus solely on pricing, the food is exceptional, fast, and utterly convenient. You never have to wait for seating, and if you're too lazy to get out of bed, Go To Sushi is happy to deliver.There's just nothing this place does wrong. The people are great, the food is great, and its effect on your ever-dwindling savings is minimal. A total favorite of mine.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,7/10/2013,352,456,5,10,8>So happy we finally came here! I've driven by so many times and have always said "oh yeah, we should try that place sometime!" Well today the stars were aligned and we went. It was the perfect day to go too, sunny but not too hot with a nice breeze. This is good because there's only outdoor seating at Dogma. But there's a lot of shade and fans so even if it is a really hot day you should still go. Honestly I loved the atmosphere, really laid back and even the music was good- none of that clubby stuff that Miami places love to blast. It was really hard to choose what kind of dog I wanted- everything sounded so good! I was also tempted by the lobster roll and grilled cheese offerings but figured for my first time I would stick to their namesake. So finally I chose the NYC Pushcart- with brown mustard and onion sauce. My husband ordered a cheeseburger, some hot dog with bacon and cheese and we shared some cheese fries. I really enjoyed my hot dog, the dog itself was good but so was the onion sauce. I also liked that the bread it came on was a sturdy bun with some of its own flavor. The cheese fries were awesome too. I also appreciated how friendly everyone who worked there was. This is definitely a great lunch spot, can't wait to return.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2014,10/8/2014,216,172,6,7,8>Easily one of the best options for Miami Spice, Angelique's offers a whole host of appetizers, entrées, and desserts. They don't skimp on their food for the event either: fancy-schmancy Gruyère gougères, escargot a la Provençal, Scottish salmon, duck confit pasta, and steak au poivre were just some of the many options offered for a $23 three-course lunch. Not to mention, you can burn off those calories afterward strolling down Miracle Mile, shopping to your heart's desire.I ordered the escargot, the duck confit pasta, and red velvet cake - they were all orgasmic! The ten snails were infused with flavor from the accompanying sautéed shallots and garlic, and I couldn't have asked more from the equally delicious pasta. The linguine was topped by a surprisingly generous amount of tender duck, and once again, they didn't go easy on the garlic (in other words, awesome for me and not so much for the vampires). And the cream cheese frosting on the red velvet cake was divine. After stealing a few bites - er, I mean sampling - from my friends' dishes, I can also confidently state that the steak and salmon entrées are solid choices as well. If you're near Coral Gables, visit Angelique's for a cozy brunch place (that also serves bottomless mimosas for $15/person). Pro-tip: make your reservation online with OpenTable so you be guaranteed to have your delicious food when you want it. Verdict: go, go, go! Especially during the Miami Spice promotions!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,10/7/2014,52,182,6,8,8>Fantastic. I know the cupcake's "big moment"  is past, but let's face it, a good cupcake will never be exactly unwelcome. And these are among the best cupcakes I've had -- and we've been some to renowned, nationally praised cupcake places. Sweet TImes deserves to be one of those places, if it isn't already.The interior is very Miami modern, but without tipping into South Beach pretention. Their well-organized case is stocked with a rotating selection of 10 daily varieties, which are posted on the website in case you want to make sure your favorite is on offer. We got a ten-sampler so tried a variety. All were great. But the highlights were: - The "Lights Out" cupcake - basically chocolate on chocolate, was rich without being overly sweet and was as chocolatey as claimed.- The cookies and cream tasted exactly like an oreo in cupcake form, with the cake being the sandwich and the frosting being the filling. - The Guava was great, avoiding the trap of using the overly sweet guava gel.- Coconut and pineapple. I love coconut, and the little bits of real pineapple were a nice treat. It tastes like a cupcake-form Piña Colada.They didn't have the "Chocolate Chip Gone Bananas" the day we went, but I'm very much wanting to try that.The cupcakes themselves: they aren't tiny, but they are a little small. Which is good, if you ever looked at the calorie and cholesterol bomb that is a cupcake. When they are bigger, I sometimes found myself cutting them in half.The cake is a perfect density -- light (so it doesn't feel like a starch brick) but not puffy and insubstantial. The frosting is almost universally made of buttercream, and is rich without being sickening. In fact, overall, the sweetness is perfectly balanced and not too sweet, but bursting with flavor. This always seems particularly tricky with icing. I will also note, the service is extremely friendly and the people behind the counter delightful. I can't recommend this highly enough.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,10/6/2014,158,150,7,10,10>What do you need to know about Biscayne Tavern? The tuna burger. The tuna burger is fire! Don't bother ordering anything else because you will be hard pressed to find a tastier plate. I don't know what it is but it just tastes out of this world and was way better than I excepted. I also got a side of the sweet potato fries and they were perfect. One thing I must say is I greatly appreciated was Paul, the manager, going above and beyond catering to my request for honey mustard. Here's the thing, I love to dip my sweet potato fries in hot sauce and honey mustard so naturally when they brought my plate out it was the first thing I asked for. The server returned to the kitchen and a few minutes later Paul, like an excellent manager should, came to check up on us to see how we were doing. I briefly mentioned to him that I asked for honey mustard and he replied that he would check on it. Another few minutes passed and Paul came out with a small dish and explained that they don't carry honey mustard so he took the liberty of making honey mustard for me with mustard, horseradish, and honey. What a guy!!!  I was totally shocked and really appreciated the efforts to ensure I enjoyed my meal to the fullest. To top it all off, he gave us chocolate chip cookies and milk on the house as a sweet way to seal the meal. Thanks, Paul!The reason I knocked off one star is because of the cocktail menu. It seemed uninspiring but I still tried the lemonade (with alcohol) and it totally missed the mark. Hopefully they will come up with more creative cocktails (let's get some freshly muddled fruit in the mix?!).
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,10/5/2014,261,30,14,17,17>Oh man. where do i begin?if you have yet to try these fluffy, yet crunchy, cream-filled perfect little treats then i don't know what's wrong with you.after discovering Janette&Co a few months ago at their other location in south miami, i went on this macaron craze and made it a point to visit every french bakery in south florida searching for the best macarons. buddy, let me tell you. these guys aren't playing. i've been hooked ever since. when done right, a macaron will take you places while melting in your mouth. it's a moment i cant find the words for. chef quentin's a boss combining unique flavors such as basil white chocolate and mojito fresh mint but some of my favorites would have to be rose petal, hazelnut, coffee and coconut white chocolate. there's about 20 different flavors to choose from and every month he creates a new one. but wait, i almost forgot to mention nutella! do yourself the favor of ordering this one too. anyways, quentin wakes up every morning at 5am to bake 1,000 of these babies. they also serve handmade chocolates which look too pretty to eat.his wife, agnes is the sweetest. she makes the experience that much better. you can feel the love they put into everything. i adore the decor of the new place, especially the colorful chairs. super cute. they're located right by starbucks on miracle mile. yo, matter fact, stop what your doing and stop by!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,10/4/2014,211,57,5,10,7>This is one of our favorite spots for breakfast in the Palmetto Bay area even though they also serve lunch and dinner.It opened last year and it's been a good addition to our list of favorite places close to home. They are located on the corner of Old Cutler Road and 168 St in a small strip plaza so parking is usually not a problem. The place is nicely decorated showing a perfect blend of modern decor and casual elegance.  Service has always been deserving of 5 stars. As soon as you walk through the door you will be greeted with a smile and  the owner Dominique is always around making sure your experience is the best. The food has always been delicious and it's served in beautiful white China which makes for an impeccable looking meal.  We have tried many different breakfast items on the menu and they have all been outstanding but we were really impressed to see that our pancakes were served with homemade Raspberry Coulis and it was absolute delicious. I can't comment on the lunch items but I will soon. I will definitely  keep coming back.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,10/3/2014,259,519,7,9,8>After months of anticipation I finally made it out to Zak the Baker, and boy was it worth the scare of having been lost in nearby Overtown.I had the avocado toast, which was super delicious. My husband had the walnut butter and chocolate toast. Think nutella, but dare I say better.We sat at the counter which provided great entertainment for our kid. We had an up-close look into the kitchen. So much amazing, fresh food being prepared. And the bread. The bread! Can't wait to come back to try the soups, the other savory toasts... and well, everything else on the menu. Street parking is very easy to find on Sundays. They are closed Saturdays.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,10/2/2014,328,239,13,17,16>This watering hole in South Miami is starting to catch some steam. After coming here for a Two Brothers tap take over, I decided to come back to try some more beers. I have been actually lucky to run into some Hi Res, Tart of Darkness, Chateau Jiahu, all on tap. I have found some bottles of Lagunitas Sucks and Terrapin Moo Hoo, which may be wide available now, but not when they were just released. These kids had them.I love beer on tap. It is fresh, most of the time, and sometimes it introduces new things to the market. Breweries nowadays have special release kegs, so just like the seasonal beers, there are seasonal kegs. This would be one of the places to come and enjoy some of those limited releases. And also, they have the new bottles coming out, so coming here is always a winning proposition. If it's not on tap, it's on a bottle. They have a very large selection of cold beers here.Besides the more obscure and hard to find beers, this place caters to the craft beer community in other ways. For example, they host local brewers, they have a beer and pizza night when you get craft beer and pizza for $20, I think they open 15 bottles or more those nights, they participate in festivals like Sprung, and they have their $4 craft beer happy hour, for the craft beer neophytes or for those trying to impress while on a budget.The ambiance is not divey at all, it is kind of "college town" with UM as a neighbor. No food is served but there are menus available, and there is a constant stream of deliveries if you come around dinner time.And of course, the service is awesome. Every single person is very knowledgeable about craft beer, breweries, events, related stuff, most have tried brewing and some are brewers as well. Also, if you are not familiar with the beers they are glad to offer a sample, if it's on tap. And they can recommend some beers off the bottle list.This is one of my new watering holes. Cool people, cool vibe, college girls, sports playing on the screens, what else do you want? Free parking? Maybe after you order a Cascade Kriek. Adult Trivia happens on Wednesday. Karaoke on Friday. Pick your poison.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,10/1/2014,149,235,9,12,12>Inflation is not only driving up the rent of your Brickell high-rise, it's seeping westward, straight into the price of your Taco Tuesday office feast: Prices have gone up, tacos are now two entire George Washingtons, or eight, depending on how you carry your Washingtons. (That's $2 if you don't refer to all of your monies in terms of the men who's faces are emblazoned onto them). The tacos are, yes, only two bucks - but the real deal here is buying taco meat by the pound. You get 12 tortillas and fix-ins (onions, cilantro), some sauce and the eternal gratitude of your lunch cohort. There are meters on the street outside, and our lunch time trip required minimal waiting. If you call ahead an order for the office, you can cut down even more wait time.We ordered 1.5 pounds of meat, a mess of tortillas and a GALLON of Horchata for the office, and it clocked in at an even $40.00. It amounts to 18 tacos, so at an average of 3 tacos a person, you can easily feed 6. It's a good deal for some decent tacos, the chicharones mixed in with leg meat on the mixed pork variety are good and there's a fun crunch you usually miss out on with soft shell tacos. We also got the steak and were not disappointed. Guac is $5 a tub, made fresh on the premises, but you'll have to provide your own chips - so just know that.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,9/30/2014,85,106,4,4,5>Vive le France and their foodie delicacies!!!  If you want a 5-star experience and are willing to give yourself a special treat and splurge on some fine dining, then you've got to try DB Bistro!! It's one of D Wades favorite restaurants for a reason! From the service to the food, everything was spectacular! The food doesn't get any better than this in Miami... Seriously, ditch all of the glitzy, flashy places in SoBe and come to DB Bistro!! Foodies will absolutely love it and here's why...1.) Where is another place in Miami where you can get great escargot?!? There isn't another place... And that's the reason their escargot is on of their signature dish list. I would get it as a starter and not as a dinner portion so that you can save your self for a tasty entree. 2.) Fresh shellfish!!  King crab, oysters and lobster appetizers are to die for if you are a sea lover! 3.) You'll never eat a burger like the DB Burger!!! Braised short rib with foie gras and a tint of black truffles in the middle is a combination that your taste buds has never experienced. The fries are also delish and make sure to try the spicy mustard... Hallelujah for this plate!!! 4.) Coq Au Vin is good but not the best I've ever had. Nonetheless, you can't go wrong with this dish.5.) Duck duo is delicious! You've gotta try it once you've already had the DB Burger! 6.) Desserts, desserts, desserts!!! Make sure to make some room to try a bunch of desserts (I know it's hard because of all the deliciousness you had for apps and entrées)!   Madeline's are fresh and hot out of the oven and are AMAZINGLY GOOD!!! Madeline's are delicious too although I prefer to order not the typical pink ones but the creme colored ones that have an almond, caramel and cinnamon taste!! There's a key lime creme brûlée that is great too!!! And one of my favorites is a chocolate Brulot - a moist deviled chocolate cake with hot bourbon on the inside!!! It is crazy DELISH!! So I told you all of the yummy things to eat but what about the drinks!!??? DB has tons of great wines and champagnes so be sure to ask for the wine connoisseur who will take you through what's in their cellar! Overall, a great experience in the 5 times I have eaten here! I love it ... If you are a foodie you'll love it too!!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,9/29/2014,327,121,5,9,8>Came for the Grand Opening on Aug 27th, 14! My sister, and friend Andy decided to camp out the night before the opening to try and get the free sofa but we were #81-83 and were able to get a pretty cool Armchair since we weren't the first 39. I ain't mad! So far as customer service goes it's completely outstanding! They kept giant coolers filled with water bottles + ice at various spots for us campers to hydrate. Lots of security were around, and people checking in on us constantly. Outside portable potties ended up getting flooded and were out of service so they allowed us to go upstairs and use the employees actual facilities. LITERALLY BY 6AM there was a huge party for all of us in line, a stage with a live stage and lots of giveaways in the duration of anticipating the door opening. In comparison to the Sunrise IKEA, I really really like the layout of this IKEA much better. More spacious, lots of loading zones inside and outside the garage and lots of parking.The inside is pretty much exactly the same -- as with all IKEAs I'm assuming. Everyone was super helpful and even though it was opening day they took so many measures to ensure safety, crowd control, but most importantly that everyone was happy and having fun! Kudos, IKEA! You made camping out for 12 hours fun and easy (:
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2009,12/13/2009,40,192,6,6,6>I was debating whether or not I should review this place. After all, I've been there only once and I am a sucker for novelty. That said, I'll admit that this review might be influenced by the fact that I had a great time.The service was great. Not a place for wall flowers or for pushy princesses with overgrown senses of entitlement. The place is a bit chaotic and that's part of the charm. NOT a place to go if you are in a hurry, or want quiet, or are a picky eater.As far as authenticity: Who knows? I've never had Haitian food before. However, I've had Caribbean food thousands of times, and this place has some of the tastiest seasoning I've ever tried.The mayi moulen, the zepina nan sos kokoye, and the malanga croquettes were great. The vinegar, cabbage and scotchbonnet hot sauce is amazing! I bet it's great on scrambled eggs.I tried the kabrit as an appetizer and it was a bit dry. So was the roasted chicken my partner ordered. On the other hand, the grilled fish in scotchbonnet and lime sauce I ordered was sublime. The fish was cooked perfectly. Flaky and moist.After dinner, the owner (I think she's the owner) came out to sit with us for a few minutes. She is quiet, speaks in short sentences, and is just a very sweet woman. I rocked on my rocking chair and she nursed her glass of white wine. I really enjoyed just sitting next to her...it was a vibe thing. She told me more than once that she loved the diversity of her customers. And she was right. What a great mix of people.There was a bit of a show going on that night. A celebration of death and sex (renewal, rebirth), so there were performers at hand. No X-rated performances. Again, I'm not sure how "authentic" the whole thing was; but I don't care. The clientele, the owner and the atmosphere were authentic enough for me.We were lucky enough to be able to sit outside on the porch for our meal. The dining rooms looked a bit small and when the place got packed to standing-room only, I'm sure I would have had an attack of claustrophobia.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,12/12/2009,142,62,3,4,4>i love this place!their pad thai and fried rice are really good!what makes this place great is their dragon roll- very very fresh and with a great eel sauce that i've had only at one other place here in miami (mr. yum). the service isn't too great, but it won't stop me from coming here- the food is just too good. the ambiance is also very nice- especially if you're able to sit on the upper level by the windows on the floor- very intimate and cozy. i really like this place, i just wish it was located closer to me!!!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2009,12/11/2009,566,440,10,12,11>Ok ok ok, first I have to say... I read the reviews, my friends tried it and raved but it wasn't until I read the baked roast beef sandwich description that I decided today would be the day I'd eat lunch from Whisk, and boy was I sorry I waited! First things first, I called to ask a few questions since I'm not familiar with the menu and the person on the phone was sooo nice! You know in Miami people always seem so annoyed when you ask questions, this was so refreshing. Then, when Carlos showed up with the delivery he was another sweetheart, not the usual "Here's your food, where's the money delivery guy."... he asked if we had menus and made some conversation. Finally to the food. I had the tenderloin salad.... gorgonzola cheese, walnuts, shaved tenderloin and a spring mix.... mmmmmmmmm. I'm not a big salad eater, but this was yummy. My coworker had the baked roast beef... one bite in he was in love. I can't wait to hit this place up on a Friday and try the burgers! Thanks everyone for convincing me to try Whisk!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,12/10/2009,153,1226,25,21,21>i am a little upset i took so long to finally go check out the peoples bbq in overtown. white people and few silly latinos feel particularly scared of this place in general. its fine. the best food in the world is usually found in the not so privileged areas. can you imagine a southern style bbq pit in bal harbour?  so yeah, while not being the fanciest place on earth, the peoples bbq is what it is. a southern style bbq joint for those who dont have any issues with eating dead animals. so if youre a vegan or vegetarian, i dont recomend you come here... you might end up next on the grill, just kidding. cheer up. you hippie. i came here with my friend G like at 8pm, yes it was kinda getting dark and we did not get mugged. i noticed every window is fenced so im sure them as a business have been robbed before, or maybe they did this just in case. fenced windows are usually a good sign that youre in a rough neighborhood and you know what kind of food you usually find in rough neighborhoods? you guessed it. the good shit. youre a fuckin genius.i ordered the bbq rib dinner special for 9$. came with two sides. lima beans and corn oh and some cornbread. my friend had a pork chop sandwich for 3.50$ the ribs were fingerlickin good yo, nice and juicy. peeled right off the bone and that vinegar/mustard seasoning is pretty darn good. the lima beans were so good i could have gotten some more as well as the cornbread which i usually dont eat... the corn was just corn, if you like corn you will like the corn at peoples bbq. not a lot of science to it.service was pretty nice, the ladies behind the counter were all smiley so i didnt get to experience what the other yelpers did but yes, regardless, youre there for the food and nothing else... so we ate all of this delicious hard-to-digest food and paid only 14$ for itso now you know it, if you like southern style bbq and youre not afraid of low income black people then do come to peoples bbq cause youre going to love it. if youre a middle class minority whos kind of afraid of people who dont have ipods then just grow some fucking balls and come in cause youre going to fuckin love it .. oh and if you happen to be white and rich then just keep going to the kobe club. you can afford it and it keeps our economy running. you snake.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,12/9/2009,61,55,5,8,5>I love introducing people to CAP'T JIMS. (note: the place, not the man). Everyone always leaves satisfied, grateful and feeling like they will definitely come back for more. So here's the rundown:It's a fish market. Every day or 2 the fleet of fishing boats goes off to get fresh fish to serve to the public. You walk in and you can order with a waitress or you can go up and pick the fish you'd like to be served, fresh off of the ice.All the plates and silverware are plastic adding to the casual feel. They serve you a great crab salad and crackers to start and then the feast begins:On deck:beer battered shrimpstone crabs (seasonal)entire fried snappersweet potato friesGrab your old fishing hat and tevas and head on over, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/8/2009,69,50,6,8,6>First of all I'm pretty clueless when it comes to wine, connaisseur I am not.  That is actually why I love this store!  The owners, at least  I think they are (I have not asked) are very knowledgable and helpful when helping me pick out a bottle of wine.  My friends and I throw dinner parties on a regular basis and I try to pass by there to buy a bottle or 2 take with me.  I love that I can walk in and tell them what the main dish is  and they will pick an amazing bottle for me.  If you are on a budget they have a small section in the front for great buys under $15. I have never been disappointed by their selection and get good feedback from friends.Another great aspect of this store is their weekly/bi-weekly tastings and events. When you go place your name and email on their mailing list and you will receive invites often. If you need help picking a bottle of wine for an event, especially around the holidays this is the place to go on the beach.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,12/7/2009,75,118,4,5,4>Be forewarned, you cannot have an indepth conversation at OPA, the 'uhnz uhnz' techno starts early. But that is part of the fun because where else can you stand on your table, throw napkins in the air, dance with super cute Greek (looking) guys and girls, all on a Tuesday night?Besides this entertainment, that is fun for the whole family, the food hasn't disappointed me.First, you make your own hummus at the table, YUM! Mash up the chick peas and garlic and VOILA! I have ordered their Seafood and Meat platters, there were four of us. It was a great meal because you get down and dirty with your hands. Communal style and it makes me think of what life would be like on a Greek isle...ahh (do NOT insert ABBA music here!)I have always been impressed with their seafood, it's fresh and freakin' delicious. And plus you can get grilled octopus for an app, or rather a meze. As far as their 'Greek' food, I would say it's good but I haven't eaten much Greek food to know if it's quality or not.But I have never shied away from their chocolate/coffee martinis. They go down fast and when the sun is setting over the intercoastal, the buzz is nice...So grab your friends and head on over for a fun night out. It's a meal and night club all in one ~ DO IT!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,12/6/2009,253,216,8,7,6>Cheese, Cheese and MORE Cheese! I had never been to The Cheese Course in Weston so I was excited that one opened in Midtown, close to work.I would give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the weirdness of ordering my food. They have a big menu up on the wall (like The Daily) - and you go up to the register to order your food. They ask your name and off you go. No one told me what to do next. Then, after I filled my cup with soda, I noticed a small sign that said "Pick up Here" which was kind of hidden from the area where you order. I walked towards it and I almost needed to plug in my Whisper 2000 to hear the cooks calling out the order names.  All was well though, I got my tray, and off I went to sit outside. They have both indoor and outdoor seating areas. They have a couple of HUGE tables that would easily fit 10-12 people which are convenient for a group lunch. On a beautiful Miami Day, the outdoor seating is fantastic. Now, on to the good stuff. The menu is filled with delicious sandwiches, salads and cheese trays. Since I went with my work husband who apparently prefers Publix Subs to gourmet sandwiches, I couldn't explore much as far as cheese trays go- so I ordered the #7 which was a Parma Prosciutto with Fresh Mozzarella, Basil, Olive Oil and Pesto Vinaigrette. I also started with a Brocolli Cheddar Soup that was fantastic. It was pureed so it didn't have chunks of broccoli, which was a welcomed change! I can't wait to take my S/O for lunch to the Cheese Course. It has officially been added to my lunchtime spots list!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2009,12/5/2009,619,794,14,22,18>I've been to Fox's on 3 or 4 different occasions, but am just now getting around to writing a review. As others have mentioned, it's really dark in here. In fact, if it weren't for the light coming from the LCD TV and the lighted sign behind the bar, this place would basically be in total darkness aside from the candles glowing away on the tables. The other thing that you'll notice is the cheap prices. The last few times I was here late on Saturday nights, they had 2 for 1 specials on some beers and liquors which made their already cheap prices even more incredible. The interior of this place isn't new or modern looking and probably hasn't been renovated or updated in decades, which is actually a huge part of the charm. The wooden panelling next to some of the booths has a bunch of names, hearts and other symbols carved into it, the tiles in the restrooms (at least in the men's room) look like they've been there for as long as the building's been standing, and on my last visit here, they had a bucket in the middle of the restroom floor, as there was a leak in the A/C system above the ceiling. No one cared, it's all cool at Fox's. You'll find people from all walks of life patronizing this place. There are people of all ages and demographics here, and it's easy to strike up a conversation with someone at the bar if you're running solo here, which is something else you don't experience at just every bar in the Miami area. Outside in the back of the place is the infamous walk-up serving window, and the last few times I've been to Fox's there have actually been as many patrons standing out back as there have been inside the bar. There's a lot to love about this unique little place. It's definitely a Miami institution that should be cherished, as there aren't enough of these kinds of establishments in this city.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,12/4/2009,304,163,12,11,10>If 8 oz is the west coast, laid back foodie burger joint then B&B is the naughty little sister with body piercings and a fetish for rollerderby. And a tastier selection to boot. This burger joint is hidden off Purdy Ave, and joins the hidden culinary 'hood of Shiso, A la Foile and Joe Allens. There's free parking in the back that's first come, first serve.The decor is brick lined and cozy like a dark den. Cushy booths are a must if you are about to indulge in a burger so delicious it invokes instant food coma. The tables are lined with brown butcher paper and come with shot glasses of crayons. A cute touch that was necessary when I began to craft the most mind blowing burger of all time.The menu features a bunch of apps, ( we got the beer battered onion rings) sides and some specialty burgers, but what got me giddy was the full page devoted to crafting your own, personalized burger masterpiece. I put my red crayon to butcher paper and started to dream up the angriest, spiciest burger my tastebuds could muster up. After much contemplation, The Angry Alice was born.What, in God's name is The Angry Alice, you ask?First, prepare yourself with a glass of water and a fresh coat of deodorant. The Angry Alice is a culinary masterpiece full of angst, seductively dancing with multiple layers of spice and enough power to make every single tastebud scream "mercy." The minute it touches your mouth, sweat begins to bead down your forehead. Not to mention anyone in a 3 foot radius.What's in The Angry Alice?-1/2 lb of free range beef (we must wrangle a tame beast before  converting it into a livid piece of meat, searing with red hot pain)-onion bun (Only a manly bun like this is worthy of a Hades-like concoction)-Grilled Jalapenos, sliced vertically (spice level 1)-an entire roasted garlic head (to be slathered on said onion bread, y'know- to legitimize the manhood bit)-Jalapeno Jack cheese (spice level 2)-Garlic spicy mayo (spice level infinity)-Tomatoes, lettuce, red onionNow. If you haven't drowned in your own pool of drool, let me indulge you in the painful yet beautiful experience with The Angry Alice. I tried to ease it's furiousness with a cold Stella, and the combination did wonders to the palate. I was only a few bites away from finishing the job, but alas, my body shutdown in utter surrender.One day I will finish an entire Angry Alice, one day. (There is also a $75 10lb burger on the menu, for all you Kobayashi wannabes. Or a foursome with a big appetite could split it.)
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,11/9/2013,321,445,4,6,3>A LEBANESE GEM!So my Italian-American friend finally agreed NOT to have pizza! I wanted to cry! :-D And when he said he knew of this nice Mediterranean, Lebanese place, my hands started shaking like Miss Universe's.First impression: clean, cute, cozy, family friendly. In a strip mall with several other restaurants and businesses and very close to an Outback Steakhouse, with tons of parking.Best lentil soup I've ever had! Even if you're not a fan of lentils, you'll like it. They blend the lentils, so it's like a creamy soup. It is quite possibly my favorite soup, and comes with their home-baked pita bread that is absolute perfection.Great hummus! Not bitter, as I've had in other places. Their recipe is superb and well balanced.I've been to Kabobji several times. The Lamb Chops entrée is huge and delicious, and I also liked their Kabobji Veggie Trio very much,  but I LOVE their Lamb Kafta pita wrap! Lightly toasted outside, it just melts in your mouth, and it's a very decent portion. I think with almost all items you get a choice of a side. Go with the Basmati Rice with shaved almonds on top! If you can't fit it in your belly, take it to go! Makes for great breakfast with scrambled eggs, as one of the waiters once suggested.And speaking of waiters, yes, service is friendly. I find that, for the location, it's always pretty well attended. Anytime I've been, there's at least 3 or 4 tables besides mine -- during the week.They have hookahs too, if you fancy some -- so you don't have to go to a touristy area for that. Yay! You're welcome! ^_^Seriously, the rating is not hype. Food is great and very affordable. Go!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,11/8/2013,969,161,19,18,18>In the last semester at the U, my guidance counselor gave me a shocker. I wouldn't be able to walk if I didn't complete my mandatory 60 community service hours. She volunteered me for the first thing that came up, the World Golf Championship held at the Trump Doral Resort and Spa. I enlisted the aid of 2 classmates who were in the same predicament. We handed out programs, manned the info booth and shuttled grannies around in wheelchairs. There were so many volunteers the organizers were scratching their heads making up jobs to keep us busy. That meant plenty of downtime to explore our surreal surroundings --Fully functioning luxury cars posed like dinosaurs at the La Brea Tar Pits. Gaggles of groupies mobbing 60 year old "professional athletes". #daddyissuesComparing how much rappers and the uber-rich dressed alike i.e. lime jackets, flamingo polos, banana pants, ornate canvas sneakers.   Our supervisors, not wanting a band of bored college kids roaming the Blue Monster course, decided to put together a special treat...a meet and greet with actor/singer/impregnator Marc Anthony. I half expected him to be carried in a litter supported by contestants from Nuestra Belleza Latina beauty pageant. Instead he walked around with two bodyguards dressed in guayabersas, holding a full cocktail, while pulling a little red wagon covered by a blanket. Immediately our eyes snapped to the latter but no one said a word. I could see the comic book bubbles forming above everyone's head --Full bar? Sleeping child spooning a puppy? Cocaine sand castle? Marc entertained us by telling jokes, acting out stories and free-styling 90s era hip-hop. As he was leaving, the Sultan of Salsa looked each of us in the eye, correctly remembered our respective names and shook our hands. Apparently those three were going to take the secret of the red wagon to their graves because we never found out what was under there.After 10 hours in the blistering Sahara-esque sun we stumbled across a mirage...GIRLS, our age, in tight white pants and tank tops. Dripping with perspiration they guarded cases of Bud Light Platinum and more bottles of vodka than a Russian funeral. They implored us to help them take some boxes to their cars and they'd give us a "reward". *winky winkyNo one told me that a case of vodka weighs as much as Giada de Laurentiis' head (60lbs). Which we schleped the length of two football fields (twice). My nipples were being rubbed raw from the heavy petting with the cardboard boxes and my fingers felt like they were going to rip out of my knuckle sockets but nothing on this little blue planet was going to let me show it. We were paid in hugs, kisses, Caddy swag and a case of Grey Goose 1.75L magnums to share. Noticing our multicolored volunteer badges they even offered to sign our time sheets.We left swearing to learn to play, souls enriched with community service and praising the CGC as the world's best tournament. Unfortunately our happiness was short lived as the following Monday we we're all called in to see our guidance counselor. "I want to congratulate the 3 of you for doing something our physics and math labs have been trying to do for years...manipulate time and space."We answered with dumbfounded looks."Oh you didn't well? Hmmm..there must be some explanation as to how you completed 60 hours of community service in a 10 hour assignment. Not to mention that one of these time sheets smells like cucumber-melon body splash, my favorite, the other is stamped with a very cute but unprofessional pair of glossy lips and the last one is signed by Meli, who dots her I's with hearts.I shrugged, "Friends don't let friends do stupid things alone.""You're cute, so cute in fact that this is what I'm going to do for you (as she shredded all of our time sheets). We'll pretend this never happened and if I ever see you again it'll be in front of the Dean of Students. I'll be there holding the plate for your skewered balls, perhaps serve them with asparagus almondine and a nice three bean summer salad. Deal?"Until this tournament, everything I knew about golf came from two sources, Caddyshack and Wii Sports and I had a blast. I'm not exactly sure how much tickets go for but it's got to be worth it, if for nothing else than the complimentary lite bites, open bar and VIP gift bags filled with craziness like golf balls, full-sized beach towels and iPod Shuffles.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/7/2013,233,409,7,13,7>Ironically I found out about this place in my own hometown by reading an LA times article about Miami nightlife.  The fact that it was a no-cover joint that plays old-school jams piqued my interest so I suggested we party here when my sister asked me for a birthday suggestion.I honestly hate to let the cat out of the bag.  This place rocks big time.   It's like the back room at Dirty Purdy in the old days.  No cover, great tunes, and utter talent show.  Located under the Gale Hotel, it's like a house party in your buddy's basement.   The DJ ran the gambit from New Wave like Yaz to old school break dancing planet patrol to classic Biggie to hip hop.  The decor is old school chic with several areas to sit down and congregate.  If you get here when it opens at 11 you should have no wait getting in and can claim a non-reserved spot.  My only advice is if you are coming here to do some heavy drinking you are better off getting a bottle with the SoBe drink prices here.  It's very easy to rack up a $200 tab in a couple of hours so a $300 bottle all of a sudden looks reasonable.  Also, be mindful of the 20% auto gratuity added to every bill.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,11/6/2013,6,36,3,11,5>Re-opened in same plaza, new location.13720 sw 88 stMiami fl. Bigger location ,Many of us thought it would never come back. After 2 long years, people were resigned to the worst and suddenly ..... They're back, bigger and better. A more spacious location, very nicely decorated.  This place has been packed since day one of the grand re-opening. A very laid back casual atmosphere, with friendly people, owners and servers. Food reviews so far have been very favorable with new items on the menu such as a fish Kibbe . Which will be interesting to try.This place gets packed on weekends so make sure you go early, there are no seats at the bar.So far I've had a few dishes and here is my take on them: -Chicken Creole --gotta try it, a signature Haitian dish and won't dissapoint-Grilled chicken --- another two thumbs up, has a tangy and grilled falvor-I'm a fan-Griot/fried pork--- tender/good, just wish it had a littlle more spices (my taste buds)-fried strip beef ---tangy as well --- some chunks can be dry !!!-fried goat strips-- also has a tangy flavor which I like, I would recommend both/  same as above, some chunks can be dry, but, done right you may not notice it's goat.there was one item not on the menu that I got on a Sunday, I had ordered a chicken creole but they had run out, there was a Salmon or a beef filet available; I ordered the Beef to try, with a little hesitation. Once i got home and sat down for dinner, I was surprised to see how tender and good it was!!!! Wow ... why isn't this on the menu? is this a sunday special? It came with a gravy and mushroom sauce (wish there was more) Black rice and anti pasto salad. A definite must again.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,11/5/2013,470,137,18,23,22>Imagine this:  You fork your way through the busy streets of downtown Miami and Brickell, fighting traffic and bad drivers who think traffic signs are purely ornamental.  Swerving to avoid business professionals entrenched on their phones and homeless people seeking a still-smoldering discarded cigarette butt on the street, and buff boys & girls getting their afternoon run on... Your blood pressure is rising and frustration is starting to take hold.  You need a reprieve.  You make a turn towards Key Biscayne and greet the expensive toll booth, pay your dues, the gate opens and you are transported through a Wormhole to a distant paradise... This is what the road to the non-believer's heaven must be like!The Rickenbacker Causeway isn't just a road.  It is a destination far away from the hustle and bustle of Miami.  Whether you drive it, bike it, hike it or run it, nature surrounds you.  Breathtaking views of the Atlantic, flanked on the north by the most amazing views of downtown Miami, and on the south, sun and water!  On any given day, there are people enjoying every inch of this road; sunning on the beach, kite surfing, jogging, biking, picnic-ing or just driving with the top down.  This is a hidden gem.  Miami's well kept secret.  It is where you go to get away, without going away.  I like to come here, get on my road bike and cycle the causeway all the way to the beautiful park at the end and back a few times, and then sit and enjoy the sand and water, remembering how beautiful and peaceful things can be.  This is my every day vacation and it is how I keep sane in this beautiful chaos that we call Miami.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,11/4/2013,82,94,4,7,5>Make a reservation. Unless they move to a bigger location or unless you enjoy waiting about an hour for a table for two, then make a reservation.I ended up here for brunch on a Sunday morning after original plans fell through. So, I decided to check out this place with a relative. We got there at 11 am as the restaurant opened. We were without a reservation so we waited about an hour. No biggie for us since there were stools outside for us to sit on and wait comfortably. The staff brought out water and oj to make our wait time more pleasant. Once inside there were no tables for two so we were sat at the bar. A new and different brunch experience for us. We could have waited another half hour or so for a table to come open but we were hungry. Our bar servers were absolutely delightful with our needs and answered ALL our very specific questions about the dishes. We decided on ...The chicken and waffles with candied baconThe sweet corn in a cheesy and lime creamThe cap'n crunch pancakesDelicious. Delicious. Delicious.The sweet, salty, tangy and spicy flavors will bring us back for more. We left with a thoroughly satisfied feeling that didn't need an immediate nap afterwards.Next time, though, I will make reservations to avoid waiting so long and to hopefully get a proper table. The bar area is probably loads of fun for happy hour and sitting at the bar for brunch wasn't awful, just different. When we were there a large group of folks were standing near the bar area while waiting to be called. So, the area got very warm and very cramped very quick. Make a reservation. :) Oh, one more thing, be prepared to walk a bit since, there's no surface parking. There is plenty of street parking but we didn't see any parking for disabled folks anywhere within 50 feet of the restaurant. Walking is always great but if you have kids or older family members this is probably as important a detail for you as it was for me.All in all, three and a half Yelp stars for fantastic flavors and great customer service.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,11/3/2013,158,218,2,4,3>Fast forward about 8 months, I have returned to Wood Tavern twice and quickly I've seen the difference. Much improved (for the most part). My second was during an Art Walk. Service was snappy even when the bar was "2-deep" (bartender lingo for two layers of people waiting at the bar to be served). The doorway is still awkward, but no fault of the owner, just the engineer of the structure. Seating was at an extreme premium with probably 500+ people everywhere and anywhere! [ 5 stars ]Third visit was quite a bit different. I went with co-workers for drinks after work one day. Happened to be quite slow so service was right as we walked in. There was a happy hour drink special; but I can't remember what times they were at. We grabbed a bench in the back and sat whilst we commiserated about the long week. We spotted the ....taco? burrito? quesadilla? ...food car was in service, so we gave it a shot. The chicken [taco/burrito/quesadilla/food-thing] was good, but I wanted to try something else (my mood for the night) and went for a portobello food-thing. (Yes, I've devolved to calling it a food-thing because I'm not too sure what to call it. It is cheese on a wrap with whatever filling and heated up then sliced like a pizza; I guess they are quesadillas, but for now, "food-thing" will be my selected terminology) When I handed the server the money, they took my money with their gloves returned my change and went to using the same gloved hand to scoop cheese. I'm not a germaphobe, but this is an issue for the ladies I was with. All I am asking for is a glove swap. Inconvenient, yes. Necessary, yes. Sorry. [3 stars]Bottom Line: I'll visit again and look forward to more improvements soon enough.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,11/2/2013,250,256,7,9,8>In spring 2013, my husband, bestie and I visited Teena's Pride for a tour of the farm. We were absolutely amazed! The public may only visit on one specific Saturday out of the month, only during harvest season, so be sure to check the website and confirm the dates (calendar of events - open house information). The fee is just $5 PER FAMILY and includes a tour of the farm, inspiring and educational overview of agriculture, cooking demonstrations/samples, produce tastings picked right from the plants, and access to a brilliantly diverse farmer's market which includes produce and locally made products.Two things really stood out from our experience: PURPLE cauliflower (you listening, mamas? Get those kids eating their veggies!) and Sorrel (a vibrant, lemony, leafy green whose flavor captivated us immediately). Okay, three things actually. The TOMATOES. Yes, it's to be expected because this fruit is their specialty. But you can in no way be prepared for the depth and diversity of the flavors yielded by Teena's Pride tomatoes until you actually experience them. Yeah, they are THAT GOOD. Go try them for yourself and tell me differently. I dare you!Teena's Pride also operates a wildly successful CSA (community supported agriculture) program. Theirs is an extremely accessible CSA, offering pick up locations all throughout Miami-Dade County and an option to join at any time during the harvest season (November - April). It's also very reasonable at $22 per quarter share, which is the size my family of two will be ordering after the holidays.Bottom Line: Highly recommended, locally owned and operated farm for fun visits and CSA programs.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/1/2013,44,67,2,5,4>This is a nice place to enjoy a burger with a laid back atmosphere and a good selection of beers. I wanted to show my family from out of a town a good burger so I gave them a choice of either shake shack, lokal, pincho, or latin house. They chose to come here.To start we had the homestead guacamole and fried alligator. The guacamole portion was fairly large, for once at a restaurant I thought "man we need more chips" usually I think they are lacking on the guacamole. The chips were fresh and crispy, not greasy, and the guacamole was okay, it needed some more seasoning. The alligator strips were pretty good, although the batter layer was too thick and not as crispy as I want fried food to be. The strips were nicely seasoned and it came with a pretty tasty mayo.For burgers we tried two fidy-fidys on challah bread (we ordered one with a fried egg), a frita by kush on honey wheat and the lokal on wheat. All the burgers were cooked the way we requested them. Each was tasty, juicy, tender, and had great beef flavor. I really liked the guava jelly on the frita burger and the wheat buns were slightly sweet and chewy (in a good way), definitely one of the best wheat burger buns I have had. If I am being picky, I would have to say that the fried egg was over cooked (it did not have that runny yolk) and my lokal burger was lacking on honey mustard sauce, but all I had to do was just dunk it in the honey mustard that comes with the fries. Speaking of the fries, both the potato and sweet potato fries are nice and crispy. Nothing outstanding, but very tasty.Service was good. Our waitress was really pleasant and refilled our water glasses often. The only downside was that she disappeared for a good amount of time on a couple of occasions.Overall this is a great burger place. I feel like they are priced correctly for the quality of the beef and the size of the burger. Lokal is definitely being added to my rotation of burger fixation restaurants.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,10/31/2013,365,232,23,27,19>BUTTERED POPCORN GELATO BROWNIE SUNDAE salted caramel cracker jack.  Maybe I should stop the review right here.I don't know about you, but I would swim across Biscayne Bay, wrestle an alligator in the Everglades, and lick the pole at Cheetah Club just to get one of those Sundaes.  Fortunately, none of these feats of derring-do is necessary; you can get this masterpiece designed by Hedy Goldberg at Restaurant Michael Schwartz as part of the Miami Spice menu right now. Your buttered popcorn gelato brownie sundae is available to you in the restaurant at the Raleigh. As. We. Speak. And yes, it is as delicious as it sounds, and yes, it is a fitting capstone to a meal that will make you love our bio-region, our city, and life in general just a little bit more than you already do.   Why?  Here's just a few reasons--THE ATMOSPHERE--The Raleigh is a lovingly restored, not rebuilt, Art Deco gem.  They did not gut the interior, they restored it, so as you walk in, look to the right, and you will see what looks like an old-fashioned ice cream counter, now used as a coffee bar.  To the left is the front desk, and straight ahead is the door to the restaurant.  Outside, you have a view of the famous Raleigh pool. I cannot guarantee that this will be your experience, but when I was there for lunch, 2 of the 4 tables on the patio were occupied by groups of models.  Leggy, doe-eyed, shiny-haired models--not that that's what I'm into, but it certainly makes you feel a little glam to be in their airspace.THE FOOD--Michael Schwartz is an ICON.  If you don't know why, please Google "locally sourced restaurants Miami."  How does this translate on the menu and more importantly, on the plate?  You can blindfold yourself and throw a toothpick at the menu, and whatever you hit will be creative, delicious, and unbelievably fresh.  Dishes are made with love in them--love for our local farms, love for his customers, and love for our Mama, The EARTH.  I had a peach salad and a plump, moist veggie burger that tasted like morning sunshine and afternoon rainbows!THE SERVICE--I am not a celebrity, but I was treated like one.  The hostess was patient in letting us pick our table and our dashing young waiter made sure our every wish was fulfilled. If you would like the very best cuisine of today in a space that evokes the glamour of a previous era, please visit Restaurant Michael Schwartz.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,2/16/2013,323,315,9,15,12>There is something to be said for exploring Paradise.Although I'd heard the accolades for quite some time, it took me far longer than it should have to make my way to Paradise Farms.  I went for one of their brunches, which I made sure to book in advance on their website.  It was fairly easy to reserve, and they sent me a confirmation, as well as directions and helpful suggestions, like that ladies should probably bring flats for the tour.  The brunches are only offered about 6 times a year, and they  can fill up quickly, so if you're interested be sure to plan ahead.   Upon arriving on the grounds, we followed a bright tree-lined path to a clearing where we met with the owner, Gabriele.  After checking in, we were offered some flavored teas, and an assortment of hummus bowls and crackers.  Not wanting to fill up too much, we tried to restrain ourselves, and instead explored the herb beds around the fountain while we waited for the tour to begin.  Later we learned that each seed is planted by hand, and that they are lovingly tended to without machinery, to produce the optimal results.  After the rest of the group arrived, Gabriele led us around the grounds, telling us about their history, and giving tidbits on the many species of vegetation they produce.  We were allowed to sample a range of edible flowers, and we got to enjoy the scent of fresh herbs as we strolled past fruit trees and planters.  The mushroom laboratory we were informed, is a sterile environment, with each strain being specifically tended to.  It was interesting to learn, for example, that using coffee grounds adds distinctive flavor to one variety.    After learning about the natural side of the edibles on the farm, we also learned more about the spiritual area as we were given a thorough explanation on the Native American sweat lodge.  Then, since we had a few minutes before brunch, she took us to her home and showed us the natural pool.  It was fascinating to explore an entire compound where everything is so in tune with nature.  Brunch itself was held in the gazebo, and we were lucky enough to have chef Julie Frans of Essensia preparing the meal.  Unlimited mimosas starting the morning off nicely, with fresh squeezed juice and local Schnebly sparkling Passion wine.  We were told everything used was grown on the farm, and it definitely came through in the freshness of the cuisine.   The first course of yogurt with honey, granola, carambola, and key lime, was surprisingly complex.  The granola provided a perfect contrast to offset the silky yogurt, and the fruits added a pleasing freshness.  The rest of the entrees were served family style, starting with a kale salad with cherry tomatoes, edible flowers, marcona almonds, and a yogurt-apple cider vinaigrette.  Next up, Teena's Pride sliced heirloom tomatoes, with a unique pesto.  Everything was so vibrant, ripe, and absolutely delectable.  After these two, we were brought polenta triangles with sauteed oyster mushrooms, leeks and cuban oregano, and a wonderful roasted vegetable frittata with eggplant, spinach, onions, and squash blossoms.  Although I was so full at this point I didn't think I could eat another bite, I somehow managed to inhale the mamay pudding with whipped cream and candied pumpkin seeds for dessert.  It was just that fabulous.   The service was exceptional, the food some of the best, and freshest, morning fare I've ever enjoyed, and the grounds were spectacular.  As a serious carnivore, I was unprepared for how innovative and flavorful a full vegetarian meal could be.  Additionally, I was so impressed with the whole experience that I'm already planning my return trip, this time possibly for one of their rotating-chef dinner series.  I'd highly recommend partaking in one of Paradise Farms many offerings.  This magical oasis feels like a world away from the city's hustle and bustle, and presents a sublime opportunity to enjoy a more natural way of living and dining.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,2/14/2013,119,115,12,17,14>I wanted to wait until I ate here a few times  before I reviewed Big Pink. Based on the two times I went I really enjoyed my experiences there. Ambiance:The location is probably my favorite part. It's located on Collins just off the hussle & bussle areas of Ocean Drive so so your meal isn't constantly being interupted by passerby's on the sidewalk. It's a laid back diner style place so the SoBe ego, velvet rope, "Are you on the list" attitude is nowhere to be seen thankfully. If you have great food without a snobby atmosphere you will win my affections everytime! You can eat inside or outside & finding parking on the street isn't too bad. It's right accross the street from the club formerly known as Amnesia, Opium Garden etc etc etc lol & now called Story. There is a dog park right next door to the club as well but it's sort of hidden. You'll know you have found Big Pink when you see the multiple pink VW Beatles parked out front. The menu design is pretty cool also.The Food:I've had their Quesadillas & their Burgers & I really enjoyed them both. The food quality is great as is the presentation on the plate. My burger leftovers reheated well the next day & maintained it's great flavor. The alcoholic beverages were done right & served ice cold.Service & Staff:Not all the staff was smiling or extremely friendly but we got the same server both times & he was on point with everything we needed from drink refills, napkins, & the check. He was also very polite & friendly. Thanks Ray!Cleanliness:I found the place to be very clean & well kept. There is a window along the sidewalk that peaks directly into the kitchen so you can see your grub getting cooked.Price:Lunch or Dinner for two is going to run you between $30-$50 on average with tip but it's worth it to me. I'm going to give Big Pink 5 Stars but I would recommend management to ask all the staff to be a little more friendly & welcoming to your guests. A smile & a friendly face go a long way when making a first impression. I think a stop at Big Pink for lunch or dinner will be a new tradition for me whenever I go to South Beach.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,2/13/2013,235,198,4,9,6>Okay so we wanted to have a nice family outing, weather was wonderful sun out breeze kept us cool so off to the Zoo we went. We got there about 1pm & it wasn't packed so that was a good thing. I suggust going early though becasue if it is packed you are going to have a long walk just to get to the entrance! Tickets are 15 for adults if you purchase them online you get them a dollar cheaper.Okay so we got our map and off we go to get some food because we didn't have lunch. Oasis Grill here we come (only restaurant they have besides the concession stands)  so we follow the map. Walking and walking hmmm the guy said only 3 minutes to get there it's been 10 hmmm something's wrong we ask & we've passed it by a long shot. So the guy told us to not even look at he map because it makes the park even more confusing. He explained the park is basically an eight. So he told us turn around go left turn right by the bear left on this and right on monkey.Ignore the map, follow the trails it makes it a lot simpler - trust me Okay so after we spend 30$ on a decent cheeseburger a horrible chicken sandwich with fries, delicious cheese fries (perfect amount of cheese & perfect size fries) and drinks we left exploring. Okay sidetrack again, they have dip-n-dots! Whattt! CookiesNcream whatttttt best ice cream it's a must. Treat yourself you'll thank me. Okay so now it's official we're stuffed with overpriced food, & now off to see the animals, I mean that's why we came in the first place! No matter what angle you look at the animals - you can see them. I love that they have spots where you can screw on your camera set it on timer and take a great shot of family with the animals behind you or at least their great habitat.lol Makes it a whole lot easier.The lions have a cool viewing where you can go inside the cave and view them from a window and if you're lucky they can come to the window for a real close up. Okay so did you know you can feed a rhino? Uh that's amazeballs! I see the rhino and I take off running because I wanted to feed the rhino, just my luck they stop at 3pm. Boo but I did get to see him or her up close. Now I must say if you do get a chance beware because the rhinos can spray you with their urine up to 4-6 feet. Hey man, it's no joke they have signs up warning you... Must have been a bummer being the person who got a blast of rhino urine for the zoo to place a warning sign. You can also feed the giraffes, now me and my hubs were exhausted walking around - oh yeah and making sure our 5 and a half month old looked at the animals  and got pictures with them haha.Elephants are huge and stink oh so bad, monkeys are swinging around tree to tree rope to rope, you can ride a camel, see a Cuban alligator, watch donkeys race  up and down...  Oh so much it's crazy! So many animals, so many activities, shows, and great for any age. The zoo has really upgraded such as with the little water park area they have for the kids, cool mist stations around the zoo, feeding the animals, it's great for any family. Now I know this place is a great for any age, because me and my hubs acted like children when we got there! Especially when we saw the wax figure machine. Both of us didn't get when we were little so every machine we bought one. It's a machine that builds an animal out of wax. Yea, it's cool, yea it will collect dust but eh it's a memory! 5 stars all around - Tip bring sunscreen and wear a hat on sunny days! No worries if you forget they have a station for you to purchase right when you enter. How convenient huh?
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,2/12/2013,17,65,5,5,7>This place gets FIVE BIG STARS simply based on the concept - and the love and passion that goes into this project. One can't help but be moved when dinning at Love & Vegetables Vegan Pop-Up. Local chefs, community hero (Ray- the owner of the farm whom I have only met via Youtube) and the Farmilia volunteers selflessly execute a 5-6 course service transforming and already magical place into a family style restaurant. If I were to grade the food it would be between a 4 and a 4.5. It's important to note that the food served off a fixed menu which changes with each pop-up.The Vegan Pop UP is a once a month non-profit pop up restaurant hosted on the acre plus farm located in the heart of Little Haiti, the afore mentioned magical place. This isn't Disney Land but it really is an oasis of sorts and certainly has magical qualities.This started as one man's mission to not so smiply carve out a home and place for his family in a drug infested area of Little Haiti. It reads like a movie script and that's not my intent- I don't want that to sound like a cheesy promo. There is nothing cheesy about this place or this grass roots movement (no cheese on the menu either - it's vegan). This is one of the warmest friendliest places I've dined at while living in Miami. If you read my other posts you'll not I am not a vegan and I love wings and beer as much as the next guy therfore I am clearly not a Vegan. So how did I wind up here? I acutally found this place via another Yelp elite member Ute L. (big "Your Awesome"shout out to Ute for finding this diamond in the rough).  The food served at the restaurant is all locally grown, harvested, and prepared by some of the best locally celebrated chefs (that means the food is clean and tasty). The night I went Keith (of Michael's) and (Chantell of the Royal) led a brigade of volunteers serving up tasty vegan dishes, my favorite was the mushroom gravy. We also has avocado rubbed Swiss chard, lentil meat loaf ( a little dry and bland for my liking), stuffing, some sort of soup which had a very nice kick to it, and an incredible couscous dessert. Sorry but there was too much food to remember how it was all prepared. You'll just have to go yourself if you want a more detailed account. It was all very tasty. That mushroom gravy was ridiculously good! Perhaps more impressive than the food was the over all operation itself. Everyone was friendly and the volunteers were generally interested in assuring we were all informed, full, and satisfied. In Miami, a city I believe we can all agree can be  hyper superficial at times, it was humbling to see the Farmilia volunteers happily working away and chipping in to make the night a success. No pursed lips and big egos here, just good people serving good locally grown food, family style. The volunteers also included a number of well behaved children who helped serve the food. If your looking for a different and unique dining experience in Miami the Vegan-Pop up fits the bill. Oh- speaking of bills you determine what yours is. You give according to what you can afford and what it's worth. Give generously as an experience and movement like this is priceless.Hope to see you there.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,2/11/2013,701,36,5,10,8>The Center of Grace is "A Transformational Life School for Self Mastery" - but also a conscious social club for like minded individuals interested in personal development. Courses include (everything they didn't teach you in school) self-mastery, love, money, emotional healing, health and weight loss, business elevation, astrology, raw food cooking and even overcoming bad habits like procrastination. (Sign me up to all the above!)The first time I visited The Center of Grace, I attended the Art of Communication workshop which I loved! Great insights on communication (not only for couples but for all relationship) that I hadn't even learned in school... and I majored in communications. Granted, mass communications but it was nice to get a new perspective on a topic I've always been interested in. They really were dead on with the information they shared. The workshop was led by Chana and Michael Rosenfeld, two of The Center of Grace's "Wisdom Professors." The "Wisdom Professors" at The Center of Grace have all been vetted by the owner and founder, Jennifer Grace who is a Hay House author, radio show host and also the resident life coach at The Standard. Jennifer Grace is the real deal when it comes to transformational coaching - I took her Creative Insight Journey course at The Standard which is how I found out about The Center of Grace. The Creative Insight Journey 8-week course in particular really has catapulted my life, learned amazing (and practical) tools for living my best life, overcoming fear and learning to feel limitless. This course is also taught at The Center of Grace.After attending the Art of Communication with my husband, who also really enjoyed it, we decided to attend the New Year's eve party which was different from any other NYE celebration but SO POSITIVE and AMAZING! After munching on a delicious raw, vegan buffet we moved into the main room, barefoot, all in white for the "Letting Go and Intention Ceremony" - we wrote down what we wanted to let go of from 2012 and then six of our intentions for 2013. We all went around and said our name, what we do in life and then later an intention for 2013. After, we went in a sound healing meditation (guided meditation to the sound of Tibetan singing bowls) which was so powerful, really beautiful and relaxing. Then we ooooommmmmmed in unison and welcomed the new year... in silence. It was perfect. Different. But perfect. The group of about 50 people then mingled, danced, ate some more, sipped on cocktails and connected on a profound and positive level. I will be taking another workshop soon called "The Big Shift" which will be a nice way to set the tone for 2013, it's all about taking your life to next level... and no matter where you are at, there is always a next level. I'm looking forward to more events like this and taking different courses and workshops here. There is nothing else like it and it's nice to connect with like minded people who are positive and looking to be the best version of themselves. COME GET YOUR OM ON - you won't regret it!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,2/10/2013,89,177,5,5,5>if you're ever bored in South Florida, i will never sympathize with you. there is always something new to see, somewhere new to go and new things to do. ALWAYS! whether it be on a Friday night, or just another lazy Thursday afternoon.  now, if you're ever broke in South Florida, i can sympathize and relate. we've all been there, which is why it's good to take advantage of the free and low cost events happening around town.  SoFla's got food truck rallies, Art Walks, even some museums offer discounted ticket prices depending on the day.  but one of the best events i could ever recommend would be the DMCS - a series of free performances of old, new, and up & coming artists at the Bayfront Park Amphitheater. so far I've had the opportunity to see:Sister Hazel / GDHKy-Mani Marley / JahféandAllen Stone / the Jacob Jeffries BandThe series aren't limited to just live music.  The Downtown Development Authority and the Knight Foundation has rounded up some great sponsors to make these events more like festivals.  Heineken has provided each event with a cash bar, outdoor furniture, and drafts including Amsdel Light and Newcastle as part of their Beer Garden for guests to enjoy during the show.  Car2go has representatives under tents allowing people to register for their program to time share vehicles around Miami for a small fee daily or by the hour. The Food Truck Invasion has brought some of my favorite trucks to the scene including AZ Canteen and Latin Burger to provide snacks and meals to satisfy any palette.  There's even a Farmers' Market and Arts & Crafts vendors along the pavilion selling handmade clothing, homemade baked goods and produce, crafts, jewelry and so much more.If parking's what worries you, there's free parking all along Flagler after 6PM.  Parking is also available on the street at the metered spots (or free if you sign up for a Car2go account) and the Bayside Marketplace garage is a great option to park in to spend the rest of the evening with some retail therapy after the concert!sometimes you want to experience what Miami has to offer without having to deal with the pretentious crowd. The DWNTWN concert series offers a very family and pet friendly environment without the usual annoyances. dogs (and sometimes children, too) are on a leash and always on their best behavior. during the concert, there's never a bad spot.  people are friendly. There's no pushing and there's plenty of room for shorties like me to get a chance to get to the front of the stage or get a good photo op.so whether you're looking for a romantic date location, a family outing, or a place to lay out a blanket on the grass and just relax, DMCS is a wonderful option to spend a Friday evening.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,2/9/2013,121,75,9,8,7>One of my main duties as wife is to provide my husband with frequent and appeasing sandwich and beer experiences. Not only did City Slickers assist in accomplishing this, but also exceeded expectations. You have a choice to order/build your own salad, or sub, but I went for The Club (Rotisserie turkey, Bacon, Swiss Cheese, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Thousand Island Dressing) and I also tried my husbands Crosstown (Turkey, Ham, Asiago Cheese, Mayo, Mustard, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Pickles, olives, Pickled Peppers, Slicker Vinaigrette) and they were both freaking delicious. It was definitely different from Subways measly 2 slices of "meat". I don't care if they call it turkey; their impeccably-circular discs of "meat" cannot be classified as any animal in my mind, since animals don't come in impeccably-circular shapes. City Slickers on the other hand, brings real meat to the table. Not only that, but they have an impressive pantry display that they actually use to take and prepare the produce you'd like to place in your sub. Subway should give their "Eat Fresh" slogan to City Slickers unless they want to continue being a strong contender for next year's Nobel Prize for BS.City Slickers also deserves 5 stars for being aware that a sub always goes well with a beer. And not only do they provide beer, but a good selection to pick from, such as: Monk in the Trunk, Magic Hat's #9 and it's Hefeweizen, Circus Boy. Yummy. I'd also like to mention that you need to leave some space for their cookies and blondies. I don't care about your diet. You already did good by eating a sandwich with healthy ingredients. Eat some damn cookies.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,2/8/2013,46,22,19,15,9>I preface this to say that like a few people here, I'm a New Yorker - proud and blunt. Chinese food courses through our blood. It's a friggin' mainstay. Pizza (real NY greasy pizza), giant bagels, knishes and hot dogs and a serious cup of java do as well but that's beside the point. Maybe San Francisco can compare...but, I digress.Anyway, I've lived on Miami Beach for a few years and have on occasion bemoaned the dearth of decent Chinese food here, much less Chinese Food Delivery, which I'll call CFD. If I had $100 for every time I longed for CFD; well...I'd be back in NYC or in SF in my fabulous loft.  Still it's hard to ignore the primal urges that arise from time to time. That need to taste a decent General Tsao's once again. Or maybe Kungpao. Or that desire to sip at a hearty-flavored wonton soup. Anything. I've tried most of the ones in SoBe. I'll stop there. My mother raised me right - if you have nothing good to say, silence is golden. Then someone mentioned Mike's China Beach. I admit I was skeptical at first. I mean - Mike? - but whatever. So I looked it up on Yelp and read some of the reviews. Skepticism slowly shifted to intrigue. I went to the website. And laughed. There's not a hint of flash, no Miami music pumping in the background, not even photos of food. Honestly, I find there's something ultimately charming in such a no-frills website. And this one is a winner. Bottom line, they're not trying to be anything but what they are. I admire that. It speaks of confidence.  I picked up the phone and dialed. I sighed with delight when the guy who answered brought me back to Brooklyn. He talked fast, got the order right on the first try and hung up. Delivery was promised in 45 minutes. Happily anticipating digging in, CFD arrived in 20 minutes. A total treat! Barely 5 minutes later, I was scarfing it down like a frat boy in a beer haze. It looked amazing. It tasted awesome. Between periodic rumbles of glee, I barely stopped for breath. (Anyone who knows me knows I'm a picky eater and rarely finish what's put in front of me.) Hey, I'm not perfect. In any event, that wasn't the case here. I ordered enough to feed a small village. I figured: go for broke. I ordered their honey chicken (wasn't in the mood for General), special fried rice, spicy red honey wings, wonton soup and a 2 liter bottle of Coke. Then I took a nap. When I woke up I went at again. Should I be embarrassed to admit that? Well, I'm not. Not when memories of Nirvana still swarm. I'm not a foodie, by any means, but this place hit me in the heart - in a good way. So...it's now my "reach for the phone for take-out" spot.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,2/7/2013,126,295,4,12,8>I just returned from a month in Southeast Asia and I was a little depressed to be back in Miami Beach for the winter (life is tough).     I had heard about Khong.....I thought it was Chinese but I was wrong....it's Thai (more specifically Mekong River, which includes Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos too)  I stopped by last Sunday afternoon for a beer and I was blown away!Being a 50 Eggs concept, I knew that the design was going to be cool.   The space is great....like an upscale jungle teahouse.   I like the use of the rusty corrugated sheet metal for the ceiling.  That's very authentic.....90% of Asia is built out of that shit.I had some Thai and Vietnamese bottled beers ($5 - $6)  and read through the entire menu.    I ended up having  the  spicy shrimp and endive salad ($11) and the  flavors just exploded in my mouth.   Immediately I knew I had to come back for a full-blown meal.I returned for dinner last night with my lovely Russian workout partner.  We started with some of their specialty gin cocktails (the booze selection is extraordinary) and shared the green papaya salad, noodle wraps, crispy prawns, pork belly curry and passion fruit panna cotta for dessert.The food was fantastic and the service was excellent.   Our server , Jenna,always addressed me by name (Mr. J) which makes you feel special.The place was packed and after dinner, we stayed at the bar for another hour enjoying their house made spiced rum.This place elevates Thai food to a new level.    Make a reservation !!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,2/6/2013,187,216,4,11,6>I think this is as good as it gets for Ramen in Miami!MOMI Ramen has brought their game and are serving up some big bowls packed with a punch.  There is no other place that you will get the authenticity that MOMI provides the Miami area.The restaurant is quaint and cozy.  As you walk in, there isn't much room, but you feel like if you're walking into a small joint somewhere else other that Miami.  Brickell to be exact.The pork buns were generously sized...almost the size of my fist!  The buns were soft and pillowy and the pork was cooked to perfection.  The only thing that the pork buns were missing is some sauce...it was a bit dry to my taste.  But nonetheless, the pork belly was impressively lean and not overly greasy.  But probably not the best thing I've had and probably wouldn't get it again.  The handmade gyozas were excellent!  These little dumpling looking like thingy majiggies pack an incredible burst of taste!  They are bite size where you can place the entire gyoza in your mouth and let the rest of your senses inform you of how many exciting parties are happening inside...For those that are ordering the Gyoza Ramen...I do not suggest you to order appetizer Gyozas because in the ramen alone, you'll find at least a dozen of them.  The ramen itself was cooked to perfection!  I learned that MOMI makes there ramen 3 times a day...This is as fresh as it gets for noodles in Brickell!  They offer you a choice of the thin or thick ramen noodles.  For those that have a preference of thicker noodles, they are soon going to be offering Udon noodles.Life comes with choices doesn't it?!?!  So should your food.The broth...What an incredible broth - non-greasy.  This broth is incredibly fused together with so many flavors.  Really, it is a less overabundance of fattiness like in many other ramen broths in the South Florida ramen scene.  The staff at MOMI said that the broth is cooked down and grease is strained over and over again leading down from almost a 22-Hour process!  Your bowl of noodles comes out piping hot and what a great way to warm up that tummy on a cold day...If we ever get a cold day!The staff is nice and welcoming.  I was so grateful that they showed me the entire process of making ramen and the process of the broth.  The owners really know how go above and beyond to please their customers.Small open style kitchen with no fryers.  Tells you that one thing, none of your food is going to be fried at this establishment.I cannot wait until my next visit!  Truly a great establishment to bring to the Miami scene.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,8/28/2009,352,828,6,9,8>One of the newest Sports Bars in the North Miami Beach/Aventura area. Miami Prime Grill is located in the former location of Macaroni Grill / D Wade's Sports Grill. There are 25 large flat screen TVs and plenty of seating, including a large circular bar. I attended an local event to watch a basketball game on a Sunday night. The restaurant and bar were packed. The service was a little slow but I imagine that will improve with time. They have a great selection of draft beers and a full menu American Comfort food. I had a Cesar Salad and Four Mini Burgers and Fries with a couple of draft Heinkens. The W ordered a BBQ Ranch Salad. BTW, when D Wade's closed or did not open, Miami Prime Grill inherited some of the pictures on the walls from the 2006 NBA Season. If you are a Miami Heat fan, you can try and find your pix on the wall. There is parking in the main lot but I imagine if the place gets too popular it might be an issue.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,8/27/2009,147,180,8,9,10>Gift-giving can sometimes be a migraine-inducing activity. But this place, located in Midtown, makes it easy. They have super cute stuff for your girlfriends who have everything. And it's so much better than just grabbing a whatever at Target and slapping it in a gift bag. This actually looks like you put a little effort into it. Plus, the wrapping paper here is environmentally friendly. And they also work with local artists and companies that give back to the community. By shopping here, not only are you supporting a local business, you're also supporting your brother, brotha. Good deeds make you feel good. Love the candy bars in adorable wrappers, and the handbags are like works of art. Cute idea, cute concept, cute store. Check it out.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,8/26/2009,259,519,7,14,11>YES! YES! YES!I'll admit, after reading about this place I tried coming here twice, but both times I asked my boyfriend to keep driving and take me somewhere else. From the outside this place really doesn't look like much...it doesn't look like much inside either, but I'm really glad I wasn't allowed to change my mind when we went out to dinner last week.The food was fantastic. The Mee Grob was the best I've ever had, and the American Dream roll was really good, too. Our server was very friendly and funny.I can't wait to go back. There are at least 10 other dishes I can't wait to try.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2008,8/25/2009,331,340,6,9,9>I went here on a Tuesday night to see Brendan O'Hara do his thing on the grand piano and it was incredible. It was a really fun scene, lots of Miami hipsters and great vibes. The drinks are mind blowing as are the prices. Holy COW! 50.00 for 3 drinks. Seriously? I guess they can do that due to the fact that they have the top mixologist in the country and the martinis are like nothing you will ever have anywhere else. I was inspired to go shopping to "up" my hipness which I will do when I return to town. Get over there on a Tuesday night! Its a great show. Really.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,8/24/2009,162,138,6,10,8>I went to Surf Road Taco for lunch twice last week. It was so nice once just wasn't enough.On my first day I had Fish Tacos. Did I ever mention that I don't even like fish!! Their Fish Tacos are that good that I'll eat something I don't even like. I think that says a lot about the taste and quality of their food. The fish is crispy on the outside and tender and flaky on the inside...it literally melts in your mouth. Pro Tip: 1)get avocado added to your Fish Tacos...it takes it to whole other level.2) If you're going to get two tacos and you know you will because lets face it who eats one taco?? But I digress...If you're getting two tacos go for the platter, it's only 65 cents more and worth it. You can choose between black beans and rice, refried beans or tortilla soup.Two days later I went back for lunch. Ok, Don't laugh but I got one Fish Taco, I was helpless to it and couldn't resist.I also got the BBQ Chicken Quesadilla's (sp?). OH MY WORD!! Why did it take me a year to try this?? It was so good. It had shredded chicken with Avocado, BBQ Sauce, cheese and sour cream. It is the perfect marriage of flavors. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.If you haven't tried Surf Road Taco what are you waiting for???Also, They have specials every day. Just call or check their website to see the days offerings.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2008,8/23/2009,278,388,9,7,7>Über chic shop on Lincoln Rd.  Right next to the German beer spot and Books And Books.Don't go there looking for any bargains.  The clothes are way expensive and most of the garments will surely fall out of style by next Wednesday. But if you look long enough,  you might come across something that's a solid gem.I'm a fan of their coffee table books, their magazine rack, and their cologne selection.  Yeah, cologne.  And I'm not EVEN a cologne guy.  Go figure?!Their CD listening station is cool too.  But who buys CD's anymore?BASE for your face MIAMI  : O
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/17/2009,8/22/2009,106,279,11,12,9>If you've ever watched a Spanish telenovela, you're familiar with the "cafeteria del barrio" where the most colorful characters hang out and have a drink. If you can imagine being inside that cafe, then you can imagine being at Bajareque. The girls behind a bar seem to have been hired by the same casting manager, but not only can they "act" they also cook great - Em and I stopped in while waiting for an appointment a few stores down. We had two beef empanadas, freshly fried, and he had two beers - all for just $10 - nice! To add to the charm of the place (if you could call it charm), the alarm and stereo shop across the streets lends this block of 36th street very lively Spanish music; yes, the same you'd expect to hear as background soundtrack in such said telenovela. Salud!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,8/21/2009,314,746,8,6,8>Like Kathy, I love this place.... partially because I too can walk here from home! I will admit, Dewey's is a little frightening from the outside, but not so scary on the inside. Beers are pretty cheap for SoBe and the bartenders are pretty nice. There has been in interesting mix of locals the few times I've been there.... Great place to watch sports. They have a number of TVs & lucky for me I found a bunch of other Red Wings fans to watch the games with. Late night (I know on Saturdays for sure) they have karaoke (or however you spell it) if your the type who like to have drunken American Idol, some people actually sang quite well much to my surprise. Bathroom situation is a little scary here. No marked restrooms, the locks are broken on both doors and one of the toilets has a chain coming out of it that you use to flush it....in my opinion this is what makes it a dive bar! I only got walked in on twice, so not too bad. So, if you want a place to chill with pretty friendly locals, cheap beer & lots of TVs this is your place. They also have a pretty decent juke box...although last time I was there someone was stuck on Elvis....
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2009,8/20/2009,40,8,4,6,4>Once I entered Fratelli Lyon, the first thing I thought was "Somebody forgot to fill in the dry wall!" The design element that stands out here is the openness of the space. You might think that you've walked into a warehouse in TriBeca or Soho. The kitchen is wide open and from the entrance you can see the the prep cooks cutting the sticks of bread, pouring the olive oil and the fridge where they keep all the salami, pastrami, prosciutto, goat cheese, etc. You also get a glimpse of all the activity that goes on in the kitchen. A diner could thrive off the high energy or they could crumble at the dinner table. Fratelli Lyon's environment is not for a romantic first date or a quiet night out. It's an ideal spot for girlfriends to grab dinner, groups to dine or diners who are looking for a loud, exciting spot to have dinner.The eats are authentic Italian with the complete paper menu printed in Italian. I had a fun time trying to decipher the meanings of the menu items which provided for a fun activity pre-dinner. I had the tagliatelle ala bolognese which was a flat pasta and veal ragu dish. Not too funky but I saw our neighbors eating it and it looked so hearty. And it did not disappoint. It was delicious. My friend ordered a pizza dish which was AMAZING. Usually pizza at Italian restaurants doesn't impress me. But her pizza of ricotta cheese, prosciutto, pesto hit the spot. (Of course she let me sample her pie)Only complaint, the service. Our server was missing in action half the time and took forever just to bring the essentials, bread, olive oil, etc.It's unfortunate when you dine somewhere and everything is amazing except the service. Service, as you can tell, is a big deal to me, it's the cherry on top of a dining experience.I've given the spot four stars because my pasta was to die for and the ambiance was top-notch, funky and a wonderful alternative from the beach.Fratelli Lyon is a great spot to hit after Wynwood's Saturday Art Walk, just make reservations.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,8/19/2009,1381,665,8,12,11>That I am just now reviewing this place after being on Yelp for almost a year is pathetic!  Considering that this is my other Go-To spot besides Purdy.Ahhh, what can I say about Buck 15 that hasn't already been said?  It's unpretentious and I've never paid a cover.  It's one of the few places on the beach where you can actually go with friends to chill, hang out, drink, and enjoy an eclectic bunch...  There's a definite B-Boy scene here, and you can often find collections of hand painted sneakers by some of Miami's best Local Artists!  Tuesday night is the night to be here, as it always has a hip crowd.  The music always rocks here, as they seem to have some great DJs spinning here (shout-out to Keen1).  You can hear anything from some rock -n- roll to hip-hop (mostly) and the vibe is always groovin'.  Reasonable drinks, but still remember its South Beach, and better yet, off Lincold Road.  Great times, great vibe, great people.  Never a bad time can be had at Buck 15.  Great place to start your night or make your night.  See you there!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,2/2/2009,87,44,11,12,10>If you're looking for a place on the beach that won't cost you an arm and a leg but will be a blast this is it. No hardcore dress codes and no cover. Grab a few friends and dance like a mad man as everyone in the crowd sings along to every song you love (or simply know because it played so many damn times on the radio) from the last 20 or so years. Waves of people continue to pour in as the night goes on and they get tired of the Washington ave scene. Local folks galore and a few out of towners stragle in too. Don't try to have a serious conversation cause the music is too loud and the place is too packed. Don't come if you're one of those people who needs personal space and will get angry if someone steps on your foot cause it will happen, more than once. Expect to come out reeking of smoke but with a smile on your face.PS- It is sometimes referred to as "Dirty Purdy". There is a reason for that.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2008,2/1/2009,94,267,7,7,9>buttercream cupcake "yelp-kus"________________________adorable placemoist yummy creamy goodnesstoo rich for my blood________________________best fresh from ovenred velvet are my favoriteoreo rock too
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,1/31/2009,270,286,10,11,11>Holy mother of sushi - this place is goood. A friend was staying at the hotel and we ate here for the convenience. We stayed because we were unable to move due to an acute Asian fusion high. First off, you can't beat the ambiance. We ate outside for the view of the bay, a lovely breeze - moonlight -perfect. Second - the service is impeccable- what you would expect at the Mandarin- but still, you can never assume. We were not disappointed - and we're a tough crowd to please. The staff was extremely knowledgeable, courteous - and quite nice on the eyes, if I recall. The menu has a wonderfully creative variety- true fusion. There was a Moroccan dish on the menu I hear is to-die -- but we stuck to the raw fish. The Study in Tuna roll is as lovely to look at as it is to gobble up - and I mean gobble. The bottom line to great sushi is the freshness of the ingredients. Everything was -- from the avocado to the crab meat -to the caviar topping - decadent and luscious. We sipped on champagne throughout the meal simply because it was the perfect compliment to the food-- light and bubbly. The Rainbow of Oysters roll was also out of this world - oysters - wrapped up in tuna, beef and salmon carpaccio. Beef AND Salmon carpaccio! Holy moly. My eyes positively rolled back in delight- and it wasn't the champagne kicking in. Azul is not cheap - but worth every penny, I think. It is understated, sophisticated and relaxed -- and truly fine food. Give yourself a treat and go. (And don't forget to get a raspberry mojito at the bar -- heaven. )
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,1/29/2009,619,794,8,10,11>As someone who appreciates places with a "neighborhood bar" feel to them, I can't believe I haven't tried The Bar before!   I was here on a Saturday night, arrived at about 10:30 and the place was nearly full, but not packed.   Like any good neighborhood bar, I walked in and immediately saw some people I knew and ended up chatting with them for a bit.  The Bar is owned by the same people who own the Purdy Lounge on Miami Beach, but personally I like the feel and ambiance of this place a little better.  There are plenty of stools around the bar itself which is in the center, and there are some tables and booths to the side and along the walls as well.  There is also an outdoor area they were calling the "beer garden", but it kind of made me chuckle when I saw it, as it's basically some tables and chairs set up in the alley behind the place.  Good selection of beers both in bottles and on tap.  I paid $6 per Stella draft and $9.25 for a rum and Coke that was a touch on the weak side.  Gratuity is included in the price of each drink, but as always, if you tip them on top of that they'll watch after you.  They had a cover band that started playing about 30 minutes after I got here, 4 older guys who were decent, but it really got LOUD in here when the band was playing.  So loud, in fact, that I basically had to yell at the people who were sitting right next to me.  They also had a college game up on the plasma TV and a larger group gathered around to watch.  In all, I was happy to find a "neighborhood bar" in the middle of the Gables.  I'll be back for sure!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,1/28/2009,374,258,6,14,10>Everyone I ever share this hidden Kendall jewel with always agrees... Best Pizza in Miami!  I have nothing but compliments to give about this place.  The staff treats you like family when you come in (i've even ordered ahead on the phone so that if I'd like to eat in instead of take-out, the food is fresh and piping hot as I'm walking in the door), the pasta dishes are delicious, and like I mentioned before, best pizza in Miami! I live walking distance from there so I frequent the place alot...whenever I don't want to cook, I always go for Angeli's... and their prices are so great that it's better bang for your buck than one of those crappy pizzas from the frozen food aisle. Their ingredients are amazingly fresh. I feel like I need to get the word out about the pizza at this place because if it closes, I think I might shed a few tears. Kendall wouldn't be the same without their pizza!Try the Angeli's Pizza if you go...It's a white pizza loaded with fresh garlic, sundried tomatoes, and mushrooms... aMMMMMMazing!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2008,1/27/2009,587,1627,5,9,6>I do not understand how I could not have written a review on this place before.This bakery and deli is definitely one of my favorites in Miami - for all the yerba mate, sweets, wine, empanadas, and Argentine goods. And it's true, while there are many Latin bakeries in Miami, many of them just are not up to par in quality.The interior is clean, modern, and sleek - definitely cozy and not stuffy - unless if stuffy people love high chairs. ;-) And when you sit down and eat, there are even long tables to share with other patrons.And the last time I went, I tried the sample of balarcé, which is a traditional Argentine cake. And I must say... it was delicious! I would be a happy man if I had that cake for my birthday.  I also had masas finas (trufas, I think) - they are small dulce de leche balls with walnuts inside and coconut on the outside - and I swear, if nobody in Miami knows about these stuff, then they're truly missing out.A friend of mine was surprised to see them and had to order a box to go so that she could take them back with her to Iowa. Last she saw them, it was in Europe.Pull yourself away from the plethora of Cuban bakeries and come here instead - I'm making a mental note of this place as a do-not-miss if you're visiting Miami.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,1/24/2009,34,109,5,11,9>I'll preface this review by saying I don't cook a lot of Asian cuisine.  I make an excellent shrimp Pad Thai and that's why I come to this market.  (Rice noodles are non-existent in South Beach supermarkets for some reason).  While my knowledge about Asian ingredients is not extensive, I can still tell that this supermarket probably has most of what you need for your recipe.  Vinh an is an authentic Asian market.  Meaning the packaging (of everything) won't be in English.  This was hard for me the first time I went because I didn't really know what I was looking for.  Who knows what salted preserved radish looks like if you've never seen it?!Anyway, don't be afraid to ask.  The staff is very helpful and always seem to know what I'm talking about.The have basic fresh produce: onions, garlic, scallions, chives, and some other specialty veggies.  They also carry cookware and other household stuff. When I went today, they had 2 packages of freshly made shrimp spring rolls sitting next to the cashier. I'm guessing they make a few dishes everyday and sell them as small packages.  Prices are very reasonable (1 package of rice noodles (1 lb) for about $1.75)Parking lot right out front, not to hard to find, only a few blocks away from PK Market.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,1/23/2009,165,171,10,14,13>Sometimes you get tired of all the crap they sell at Macy's and you just need something different. Welcome to Base. I love this place. They have everything: clothes, watches, jewelry, books, bags, shoes, a salon. They are expensive, yes it's true. But I've found things at regular prices and they do have a clearance rack. Sometimes you have to spend more to get quality. And let's face it, the clothing here is like artwork; you're likely never to see it anywhere else. ***Something truly unique: A Music Bar! Being a connoisseur of eclectic and exotic music, I am truly impressed by what I've found here. They always have the new, fresh albums that usually hit mainstream a yr or two later.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2008,1/22/2009,255,165,8,6,7>shrimp pink sauce!! that all i got to say! i overdosed on it and i would do it again. trust me put, some of that sauce on any piece of food and it will taste even better. the food over all at samurai is really good. if you are really hungry order some sushi it arrives super fast at your table. and if you have some room in your belly after eating the delicious fried rice, with chicken, shrimp, beef, and veggies get some dessert the orange sorbet is exactly want you will want / need light, smooth, and not to sweet.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,1/21/2009,126,295,8,9,9>Bud light drinkers--keep on walking, but for connoisseurs of suds, this is the place.    Dark and woody, like a pub should be, this place has been serving flavorful micro and specialty brews since 1995 (the year I moved to Miami and discovered this jewel).Being from the north, I like to drink with the seasons, and here you will always find a seasonal specialty-- pumpkin ale, gingerbread ale, blueberry and apricot too.    Good beer, good music and a game of darts-- does it get any better?
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2009,1/25/2010,102,660,8,9,8>ohhh Naoe, have you teased me so.  Making me go back in 2 months, when i clearly can not afford to do so (see signature, eating my way to poverty).  Of course, the bento box to start off with was totally different from that of 2 months ago.  Also this time we sat at the sushi bar.  I recommend sitting at the sushi bar, watching the master (chef kevin) work, and seeing how your meal comes together as one is like sitting front row in an iron chef competition, without of course the hectic environment and the splish splashing of hot oil and fire.  This time me and the mrs.  had the bento box with 5 rounds of nigiri (each round is 2 pieces of nigiri) This was also the first time we tried Uni (sea urchin roe).  It was creamy and totally different from anything else we had tried.  There was not a hint of a fishy flavor at all.  My favorite of course is the salmon belly, from which i had 2 rounds of this thus making my total 6 rounds of nigiri, whereas the mrs. got 5 rounds.  This time we also tried the Unagi (eel) nigiri,  I had to order this, because throughout the whole night, chef kevin was tending to the meat, constantly brushing the meat with a secret sauce, and putting it into the oven, for hours.  The unagi not surprisingly was delicious and just melts in your mouth.  Anything that takes the whole night to cook has to be good.  Also what was new to us was the raw scallop nigiri.  To be honest, this was probably the least favorite, since I was expecting the best scallop ever,  the raw scallops ive eaten in san fran was better. At the end we got the traditional japanese dessert which chef kevin made home made sweet potato mochi perfectly paired with a japanese tea.  The night was spectacular, Wendy the hostess is bubbly and fun to talk to, and chef kevin, although soft spoken is equally easy to talk to.  I wish them nothing but the best.   I will be back..in the mean time i will be saving up!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,1/24/2010,175,110,9,8,7>Go big or go Home. Why do I say that? Well because this place takes blowing things up to a WHOLE new level. After filling out the requires paperwork your allowed to wonder the rows and rows of fireworks. Gina wasn't lying about the bogo (buy one get one) deals. The group I was with decided to all chip in $20. Allowing us to really splurge an buy some wild fireworks. We have all Seen the white tents and the basic firework selections from Wal mart but this place pwns. Now don't get me wrong if you just want the basic boom bang sparkle they have those also now If you want Disney type fireworks this place has em. One tip I can offer is to make sure what ever you pick up is from the right bin. People often pick up pieces then put them in the wrong place and well you know what happens once your ready to pay "What this is a $70 firework umm I'm good on that one"
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,1/23/2010,64,88,9,17,13>I have been waiting and waiting for a walking distance Indian Restaurant to open up! When I noticed this place was coming, I was so excited and kept walking by to see when it would open up.  Well, apparently it opened up over the holidays when I wasn't looking, because I walked by and noticed an open sign the other day.  If there is any type of food I love just as much as Japanese food, it is Indian food.  Unfortunately, I had almost forgotten how much I actually like Indian food, since there aren't many places that even attempt to sell indian food in Miami, let alone good Indian food.  Indian food needs to be fresh, spiced, hot, filling, and overly satisfying!  I went to this place out a couple of nights ago, and looking through the menu, I noticed that Saag Paneer (my absolute favorite Indian dish--spinach with cheese cubes) wasn't on the menu!!  I asked about this, and they said not to worry, they could make it, and that they would just have to add it to the menu!!!!!  So, I got it, and it was wonderful!  I had half of it that night, and saved the rest for the next day.  Now, you know food is well spiced and super fresh when the dish tastes better the next day because the spices have had a chance to settle, marinate, and mature!  That was exactly how my saag paneer was, and I can't wait to go get more.  OH, before I go on, I must mention that while the rice seems more like a medium to enjoy the rest of the meal, don't underestimate the importance of the rice needing to be good to compliment rather than ruin the meal.  The basmati rice they serve is fluffy, perfectly textured, with a nutty/cinnamon-y aroma for a perfectly ethereal rice experience--if you are so inclined to enjoy rice as much as I do  =)In addition to my saag paneer, got an order of vegetable samosas, and I gotta say, those samosas totally put the ones at whole foods to utter shame.  They are the fullest, crispiest, tastiest samosas I've had in a while.  Again, the work that must go into making the samosas is incredible because the spices are rich and dynamic in every bite. The order comes with two giant samosas, and are a great deal as an appetizer for 2. For dessert they have a variety of things including the typical rice pudding, gulab jamun, and others I can't remember.  Of course, I can never eat a meal without dessert, so I ordered some gulab jamun.  It comes with two small balls per order, but, they are so saturated with the honey liquid, that after the filling meal, you can barely manage to eat a single one--except that they are sooo good!!Try it out for a good, different meal.  They are just getting started, and they don't even have a sign up yet, but they are open and serving up some good food--I just hope they can keep serving up the good food!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2009,1/22/2010,147,180,12,13,12>A trip to Lincoln Road isn't complete without a stop at The Frieze. Although it's tucked into a side street, this place stands out because a) it's not gelato (seriously, there's like 900 gelato shops in Miami Beach and b) it's homemade. My husband is seriously addicted to the chocolate sorbet, but they have bold adventurous flavors like champagne (which you can mix with strawberry for a cocktail in a cone) lychee and pumpkin. The pistachio is another amazing option. And unlike ice cream at chains, this one isn't colored bright green because it's made with natural stuff. And it's kosher, too. My only complaint about The Frieze is you can't use your credit card (Because who carries cash anymore?) unless you spend over a certain amount. That usually leads to adding on another scoop or two, which I guess isn't such a bad thing after all.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,1/21/2010,749,521,11,17,17>So many hidden restaurants in Miami!!! Last week I get a lunch invite from a lovely lady who I've worked with through the company I work for - "let's get together for a holiday lunch!! " There were three of us and my lunchtime partner in crime Betty was one of the invitees. We threw around ideas of where to eat and Betty came up with Shalom-Haifa. A small nondescript restaurant tucked away in the corner of a strip mall which has been in Aventura forever, Shalom-Haifa has been on my "TO DO" list since it opened. We arrived during a quiet lunchtime and were immediately seated in one of the booths. Our waiter came over with a bowl of pickled cabbage, carrot and celery and a small dish of some really nice homemade hot sauce/relish. OMG...it was Delicious!!! I ordered the falafel sandwich and while we were waiting the waiter brought out 5 little dishes consisting of. Chick Peas Corn Red Cabbage Beets Carrots of some sort It was nom nom nom all round. We commented that "give us an order of pita and this was lunch on its own". I absolutely do these little dishes no justice in my blow over of their description but they were absolutely fabulous!!!! The sandwiches came and mine was a very generous serving of nicely herbed falafel tucked inside a very fluffy pita pocket, liberally stuffed with a very fresh and crisp serving of tomato and cucumber. Tahini on the side. Its definitely a place I need to get back to explore more. Its a family run, kosher restaurant, serving Moroccan and Middle Eastern dishes. Everything is home made on site. Its under a Rabbi's supervision and definitely worth a visit. SHALOM!!!! greatrestaurantsmag.com/…
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2009,1/20/2010,34,109,8,10,8>Just got home from Buck 15. It's 5:05 AM on sunday morning and yes, I feel compelled to write about Buck 15 instead of passing out.  Not sure if I'm making the right decision...  anyway, got there at about 3am after a few hours at rokbar.  short line out front but we waited about 15 minutes to get in... honestly, that's way it's 4 stars instead of 5. i understand the line (it was busy)  but it's still annoying.  Once we got in the manager (?)  got me and my friend a round, he heard it was her bday while we were in line bitching about the wait.  Music was great.  Space is small, but people weren't all up on us.  tons of fun.  and when it emptied out just a little, the dj played some oldies and swing ... holy awesomeness.Overall:Wait to get in - worth it.  Send a friend across the street to get you a coffee at David's.  You'll need it to keep dancing all night.Prices- not sure.. didn't pay for anything (which is worth a star all in itself!)Music - fantastic!!!  great variety, plenty of classicsCrowd - fun. really fun. and relaxed. Bathroom - ugh, another line.  unless you know about the secret bathroom.  but i'm not telling. Super chill spot, def on the circuit.Time to pass out.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2009,1/18/2010,278,388,8,12,14>Lou's is a great little spot in an area, Miami Beach(not to be confused with South Beach) that could use more reasons to visit.Lou's itself, is located in the back of a boutique hotel aptly named The New Hotel and Spa.  They make use of the small outdoor pool area of the hotel with small tables placed throughout and a small bar that seats about 6.  The bar is small and understated yet trendy.  They feature a number of good beers on tap along with bottled beer.  I didn't look at the wine menu, but there's that too.  The menu is pretty much gourmet pub grub that includes yummy Belgian style fries(pom frits) They have a flat screen tv behind the bar and they're happy to relinquish the remote control to you.... YEA!They also have some satellite radio system going on with the outdoor patio stereo.  When I was there, they were playing some loungy beats courtesy of Pandora.  The staff is super friendly and that really made it for me.  Charlie, the bartender was laid back, and very social.  Apparently they have live jazz once in awhile.  I would definitely come back again.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2009,1/17/2010,355,72,3,9,5>I really like this place.  Flamingos (in it's past life) was a dive in my opinion and this is a refreshing change.  The decor is awesome and dresses up this particularly small restaurant which happens to have a staff ratio that's quite high once you weigh the seating to all of those well dressed staff members.There are few dining choices that even attempt an ambiance such as this in the SW as the area is overwhelmed with fast food joints and simple casual dining spots so it is a welcomed option.  The bar looks great, the seating booths are cool and it has no neighbors so that you feel somewhat "nestled" when you pull into the parking lot.The food was awesome.  I had my first visit for a casual lunch with a couple of friends and I ordered their chicken which was awesome.  Chicken is common I know, but this was prepared as if it was of the free-range variety served at Grass Lounge in the art district.  Wow and only 13 bucks including a "spinach flan" which is just baked spinach in the shape of a flan cake, it was served without any salt so I adjusted to my palette preference.  My guests both ordered the Nicoise with rare tuna and it looked exceptional, they were both completely pleased.Overall, I was quite pleased with the service despite the fact I was there when they were slammed by their lunch hour.  I will be going back for a cocktail because I looked at their selection and they do carry a nice selection of single malt scotches and Irish whiskeys.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,1/16/2010,341,375,18,19,18>The Best Parade in MiamiHistory - A funny thing happened on the way to the Orange Bowl Parade. Well, for one thing, they wanted a lot of money just to get in. Then there was a limit to how many units could be in the parade and a design committee to approve your design.Bill and Glenn wanted to enter as the Merry Mango Marching Band, wearing conch shells on their heads, playing kazoos and banging on garbage cans. The committee rejected them!"That's o.k. - we don't want to be in your snooty parade anyway," Glenn said. "We should start our own parade," Bill said. "Who needs King Orange - we've got King Mango!," Glenn said. And so, the King Mango Strut was born. The rest, is history. By the way, King Orange parades no more. Long Live King Mango! Get there early, make a day of it, bring some chairs and blankets, tasty drinks, foods to pick on, make friends with your neighbors 'cause they probably have better food than you do, have a great time, laugh a lot, take picturesclick on the website link and listen to the Jimboville remix to the tune of Jimmy Buffet's"Margaritaville"- classic
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,1/15/2010,904,1293,13,17,16>On our quest for the triple B for breakfast (Bueno, Bonito y Barato - Good, Pretty and Cheap.. OK pretty can mean delicious and not 'pretty') this was our next stop to try. It had been recommended by various Yelpers when they heard we had a commute and were looking for a good and well priced breakfast. Since so many different people insisted and its conveniently on our route we definitely had to try it! For $4.75 I got a HUGE mug of Cafe Con Leche, Orange Juice, two eggs, loads of bacon and PLENTY Cuban toast. No, its not elegant. No, its not Denny's, but hey it was delicious, plentiful, and there was so much coffee I had to ask for a cup to take the coffee with. YUM. Take note, this is pretty much the price of a 'grande' anything at Starbucks. Food for thought... The service was great, it wasn't packed so I cannot speak for lunch hour but this one will definitely be one of our regular stops from now on!!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,1/5/2013,182,156,7,7,7>A group of friends and I decided to head over to Whisk for a light weekday dinner. Luckily, we found a couple parking spots still open in the teeny lot. I had heard so much about the place but had never been, despite living close by for years... I had to see what I was missing out on.I was really pleased with the look of Whisk inside. It's very cute and comfortable, and kind of... home-y?For starters: I highly recommend the fried green tomatoes!! I don't usually like tomatoes, but I guess green ones are totally different. They are perfectly made, and they come with a delicious buttermilk sauce for dipping, although they taste wonderful on their own too. I can't wait to return to try the pimiento cheese and fried green tomato sandwich. It must be amazing.We also had the homemade potato chips, which were yummy but very,very salty. I love salty food, but I think the combination of salt and salty cheese took these a little over the top.I had a roasted turkey sandwich with brie and cranberry mayonnaise (I was feeling autumn-y). It was really good! Plus, it was $7.95. That made it taste even better.Our waiter was not the friendliest... He seemed really annoyed when my friend asked for less cheese on her sandwich and I think he made a bigger deal out of the situation than was necessary.We looked at the dessert menu and decided nothing really jumped out at us. I would return to Whisk to try that fried green tomato sandwich, or one of their entrees. The turkey sandwich was a unique idea that I'll try to replicate at home. The fried green tomatoes were the only thing that really blew me away.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/4/2013,59,137,8,10,9>A true Overtown experience like no other.  A group of my coworkers came here during our lunch break.  The highlights of our adventure:1) The vast majority of the breakfast items are around $6.  I received two eggs over-easy, four sausage patties, a huge plate of hashbrowns, two excellent homemade biscuits with jam, and a complementary bottle of mayo (more on this later), all for about $6.50.  The food was exactly what you would expect from a diner - fattening and delicious.  My friends were raving about the waffles, which apparently are good enough that they were interested in buying them as "dessert" after our huge main courses.2) Tip isn't automatically added to the bill.  This seems to be a rare thing in Miami.  I like it when restaurants let me decide how much I want to tip.  It usually makes me tip more.  For instance, I apparently tipped 54% [on $6.50].  I'm such a high roller.  Restaurants, pay attention!  Good job, Jackson Soul Food.3) Service is excellent.  My friend had a chicken sandwich, and he asked for some mayo.  Our uber-excited server ran away and immediately returned with a tiny personal bottle of mayo with plastic wrapping on top.  I laughed, and our waiter got even more excited.  "Do you like mayo?  I'll bring YOU mayo TOO!"  Three of us ended up leaving with our own little souvenir bottles of mayo.  That's what I call service.  Also: youtube.com/watch?v=s-Bv…This is a restaurant for people who want to immerse themselves in the interesting cultural experience that is Overtown.  I won't say it's safe (apparently a previous reviewer had their car broken into), and I won't say you'll be comfortable the entire time, but it's a good way to enjoy a good meal and to learn a bit about how people not from Brickell/South Beach live in Miami.  Jackson Soul Food gave me an experience that few restaurants in this town can offer, and for that, it wins 5/5 stars from me.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,1/3/2013,284,497,4,6,6>Chu's would receive 5 stars had they gotten the Japanese eggplant perfect. It's really 4.5 stars. Widest selection of freshly prepared dim sum I have ever seen in Miami, and it's served all day! All the dumplings are freshly prepared, there is a variety of healthy vegetarian steamed versions, as well as pork buns and meatballs. We totally pigged out and left with a $60 bill for dinner for 2, amazing.The kitchen is huge, open and the entire staff is from Asia. The restaurant appears to be family owned and operated. From what I can tell, the menu is authentic. Everything is served family style and there is a great variety of pricier dishes likes market price seafood or Beijing duck as well as low priced rice, noodle and veggie dishes. And you know the stuff is good when a majority of patrons speaks Chinese.Here is the takeaway from our little indulgences:Hot sake- strongest sake I ever tasted, in a good way. I have a sneaking suspicion it might be homemade. Either that or they order the stuff straight from Taiwan. Japanese eggplant. Too mushy for my taste, topped with BBQ sauce. Good dish but I've had better.Pan fried leek dumplings. Great, a bit spicy and crunchy.Steamed spinach dumplings. Awesome. $4 buy you three huge steaming dumplings. The spinach filling is bright green, fresh and flavored with dried shrimp. Yummy.Shrimp wonton soup, once again huge, fresh and great.Sweet and sour crispy sea bass. Big enough to share and served with a side of white or brown rice. Delicious, just like the sweet and sour fish I've had many times in China. A little oily but hey, that's what happens with deep fried fish.Finally, desserts. Just as they do in China, there really are no desserts on the menu. They have some sweet dim sum options that are very traditional. Sesame balls, egg custard tarts, almond pudding and a pineapple bun. The pineapple bun was big, large enough to share. It was fresh, steaming, soft and not too sweet. Even the BF took a couple of extra bites, although he is usually not a dessert eater.We will most definitely be back to sample some more of their dishes. Maybe next time they'll get the 5 star rating.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,1/2/2013,944,946,11,15,18>Josh is doing good things up at the former-original Chow Down location.  Now converted into a not-so-traditional Jewish deli, Josh is serving up corned beef, pastrami, smoked fish, and matzo ball soup - all made in house.The latkes are good - very crispy - and served the traditional way with apple sauce or amped up with smoked salmon and caviar.  We tried both.  The caviar is actually salmon roe, which is quite delicious nonetheless.  I liked both versions, but would probably lean toward the traditional apple sauce on future visits.My friends each got a scrambled eggs dish - one with veggies, one with pastrami.  Each ordered the bagel (also homemade) on the side, and we all agreed these were the best bagels we'd had in a long time!  We also got a side of the whitefish salad, which I thought was pretty good, especially on one of those bagels.I tried the half & half combo with matzo ball soup and a half pastrami sandwich, on rye with mustard, natch.  It was great.  The matzo ball was more hard than fluffy, but had tons of flavor, and the soup was delish too.  The pastrami was great - though a little too fatty for me in some parts.  They did offer to lean it up for me, but I declined - something to consider for next time.Josh also sent out a new matzo ball creation he's working on for us to try - a deep-fried matzo ball stuff with cream cheese and jalapenos, served with a chipotle mayo dipping sauce.  It was awesome!The service was incredibly friendly - our waiter was happy to give us more information about the menu offerings, and answer all our questions.  They also have Dr. Brown's sodas, so bonus Jewish deli points for that.Josh's Deli is a great addition to a town that is desperately lacking in the Jewish deli department, especially considering its heritage.  I'll be back often!!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,1/1/2013,1381,665,7,8,6>Dear Shula's,My fiance and I have been here a few times and really enjoy the experience, which is always amazing and keeps us coming back.  How can we go wrong with great service and tasty food at a decent price?!The ambiance is beautiful and classy.  The lights are dim and the music is always just right, making this a definite date spot.  The service is great; the bartenders really know how to mix a mean drink and the servers are well versed in the menu, prompt, and attentive.The food is very good!  For starters, I enjoy the tenderloin tips with the truffle fries (separate dishes).  The tips are served blackened and are very tender.  The truffle fries are very addicting, as there's no way to just eat a few; I go a little primal and tend not to let anyone else near the fries...  Eek!  The lobster ravioli from the Features menu are amazing!  Nice pieces of lobster inside with a tasty, creamy sauce with spinach and tomatoes.I have to say, I always have a great experience when I come here.  You never let me down Shula's!!!  Consistent, reliable, delicious.  Love!Steaks, and lobster, and lamb chops, OH MY!All my best,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,12/30/2012,365,232,10,15,15>EXTREME MAKEOVER. The skyline as viewed through Rusty Pelican's enormous picture windows has changed drastically over the last few years.  The view of the skyscrapers sparkling and glittering above the waves of Biscayne Bay is more impressive than ever, and now the interior of this favorite Key Biscayne gathering place has been updated to match.The menu has been completely redone as well.  It still showcases local fresh seafood, but today's meals are much tastier, prettier, and more eclectic.  I visited specifically to try the Miami Spice menu ($33/person 3-course Prixe Fixe offered August--September.)  It was a great value, but I think if we had been ordering from the regular menu, I would have had the opposite impression.Highlights of the meal were the appetizers, the Seafood en Papillote, and the Cafe con Leche dessert.  For starters we tried "The Rusty" salad and the Miami Caprese salad.  Both featured absolutely amazing stupendous succulent heirloom tomatoes.  If I had to choose one salad or the other, I'd recommend the Rusty because the presentation was not to be missed.  There's also a duck confit appetizer that looked really interesting.  The seafood entree was a generous bowl of clams, mussels, and shrimps in an amazing fragrant broth.  And the cafe con leche dessert?  Trust me! It's everything you want from dessert: cake 'n ice cream, gooey carmelly chocolaty yumminess! Why no 5th star?  When the Miami Spice promotion has ended, and prices soar back up to normal levels, I'm not sure we'll go back again unless it's a very, very special occasion.  Also, the service protocol is a bit weird.  We counted not one, not two, but THREE suits scouting around, bossing the busy waiters, and making themselves otherwise superfluous.  Maybe I'm culturally an alien on Key Biscayne, but it irks me when I see someone say, "Pick up that crumb!" to someone else when they could just as easily pick up the crumb themselves.Note to boaters: Rusty Pelican doesn't have it's own dock, but if you tie up and go to Whiskey Joe's (formerly Rickenbacker Fish Company) for a cocktail first, you can walk around the corner to Rusty Pelican.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,12/29/2012,31,99,2,4,4>I think it's love at first sight.I've walked by many times on my way to other restaurants but it just always seemed so busy that I didn't bother trying to find a table.  The recent tropical storm gave us a chance to try it out since not a lot of other restaurants were open downstairs.  We walked in and it felt like a warm little restaurant in southern Italy.  For  the small 15 buck cold cut platter, you get 1 prosciutto and 2 salamis.  I've been a few times and my favorites probably the prosciutto san daniele, Cotto al tartufo which s a thinly sliced salami with truffle oil (YUM!), and the Soppressata which is a thin salty salami.  I also liked the bresaola which is the only beef salami on the menu but although people complain the salami is thinly sliced, that's actually what I like most about it.  The thin slices lets me enjoy the tastes better and paired with their crusty bread and delicious pescorino toscano cheese - just decadent!  It's also a very generous portion even for the smallest plate.I'm also deathly in love with their pasta dishes, fresh pasta soaked in delicious flavorful sauces - it's to die for.  My favorite is fetuccine al pesto.  It's so simple yet just so delicious, layered with so much pesto and small bites of potatoes and thin slices of green beans.  I just can't get enough.  The porchetta is a heart attack waiting to happen but the crunchy pork belly marinated with sage is so deliciously sinful.  I admit I can only have a few bites though because the pork belly is very fatty.Sure it gets super busy on Saturdays and Fridays and sometimes even weekdays which is probably the only negative but if its busy that probably is a good sign.  The prices are also very decent and the dishes are nicely portioned so it's well worth it, just pick a night that's less busy and the food may come out faster.  Cheers!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,12/28/2012,165,119,6,13,8>O.O was my face when I walked in here. I have never seen so many korean people in one place in Miami before. That means this place has genuine korean food! YAY I am from MD and the korean food there is BOMB. Seoul Garden has some competing to do with me :)They do not have KBBQ (korean bbq) here which is a downer because I LOVE kbbq. But nonetheles they do have kbbq dishes that you can order. They have galbi, bulgogi, and a special platter that has a  bunch of other stuff that I can't remember. I ordered the bibimbap on a hot stone (costs a little more) and I was satisfied. The hot stone pot is optional but it keeps the food HOT and gets the rice crunchy. This dish has rice on the bottom then veges like mushroom, baby bok choy, bean sprouts, etc. On the top it also has some dried seaweed and an a fried egg. I don't remember there being any meat though. To me it was lacking some flavor but you can add the korean hot sauce and sesame oil. The hot sauce is not spicy at all for the non-spicy lovers so give it a try. I found that eating this with the bulgogi made it better.For desert they didn't really have a big selection. Just your normal desert you would see at a Japanese restaruant, ie tempura icecream. But I wanted something korean, so I just asked the waitress if they have bingsoo (korean shaved ice with asuki beans and fruit) and she said that "mom" could make it for me. AND SHE DID! I would come here again for my korean fix definately!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,12/27/2012,437,438,7,8,5>Are you between the ages of 21-23? Do you like to party, pop your collar, say bro a lot, and/or wear axe? If so, ABY is the place for you! If you don't meet the aforementioned requirements, then you'll have to channel your inner 21 year old for a night out here. It's a fun "backyard" party in the downtown Ft. Lauderdale area. The crowd is young, mostly college kids, out for the night having a good time with music blaring from their middle and high school days. There's some recent stuff too, and it's always keeping the party going. The music is definitely a highlight for me every time I've been to ABY because it's fun, upbeat, and doesn't take itself too seriously. Drinks can get expensive, but that's everywhere, and prices are on par with most places in the area. Dress code is a little more casual as this place is outdoors- I like this part of ABY too! Inside is Revolution Live, and the first time I went, we were able to go in and out of the two venues. I think there were concerts going on the other times I went so we were only in the main area outside. So, this place is fun, carefree, and a nice night off from some of the smoke filled, wannabe "upscale" clubs in downtown Ft. Lauderdale. Enjoy!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,12/26/2012,149,235,9,8,9>I'm on to you, Edge Steak + Bar. This "homegrown" hot sauce and steak rub situation, it's starting to seem a little fishy to me.I think, it's possible, in fact, it might be likely - there might be nicotine involved. Now, I'm not completely up to date on what the FDA rules on home-grown and restaurant-served addictive substances are, but I'm starting to suspect this hot sauce may skirt them. I've been known to be compulsively obsessive, visiting my favorite drinking and eating establishments on a regular weekly schedule - this is my MO, I like a place, I stick to it: I'm very committed. But... Two nights in a row? Unheard of. But it happened.And it happened here. On the first night, a friend and I cozied up with some pork belly (perfect), mussels (amazing), steaks (already drooling again), and that ridiculous cast-iron brownie (out of control). Our check came with some cotton candy, which pushed this meal over the EDGE* - who doesn't love a little whimsy?! On the second night I was already introducing Edge to my family, we're talking serious relationship level here, and our group of pescatarians left pretty happy after exhausting all of the fish options on the menu. Have since been back for happy hour, twice. I can't get enough of those oysters, or the BBQ Collins cocktail (bourbon, sour, BBQ bitters, amber ale and a steak-rub rim). Anise at the bar whipped us up a star anise and passion fruit cocktail of his own invention which was - impressively - not overpowered by either the anise or the passion fruit, so there is real talent behind that bar. The food is GOOD. The drinks are GOOD. The service is GOOD. The price is GOOD. It's all good. Edge is doing everything right. Literally, everything. The little bottle of steak rub as a parting gift, just a cherry on top of an already perfect experience (or, perhaps more sinisterly, a nicotine-laced batch of spices that keeps me coming back for more). Pro-tip: Parking - try for street parking on 15th, or just suck it up and go for valet - it's $9.00 with validation. Don't even go near the Four Seasons' garage, we got stuck with a $20.00 parking bill for a 2 hour dinner. Not good.* Are you having pun yet?! (Ok, I'm done now)
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,8/6/2011,723,1088,4,7,5>Heard a lot about this place, even read a few mixed reviews about BVB, naturally, it was on my list of places to try. And try I have, in fact, it is sort of my go to place in the area now, and so far, neither myself nor my guests have yet to be disappointed. The creations here are simply fantastic, from a simple croissant to a napoleon or an Escargot a la Provençale... the word is wow!This place is open from Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner everyday of the week and no matter what time you come by, you get good service with a smile and a wonderful sample of good french cuisine.Now in all fairness, this may not be a good place for large groups so break it up !!!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,8/5/2011,178,264,6,8,7>Wow wow wow.  After a fun filled food truck evening at Tamiami we all rode home discussing how fabulous my prosciutto and goat cheese sandwich was.  The bread was toasted to perfection and not too greasy, the goat cheese was flavorful and spread evenly around the whole sandwich, the prosciutto was portioned perfectly and sliced ever so thin, the tomato was fresh and the arugula tied everything together like a big bow on a cheese-filled present.  Wow.Ms. Cheezious is one good looking food truck.  I love the Tiffany Blue coloring - at least that's what I saw in the dark.  The chef's adorable apron even matched the truck.  The problems others had with wait times was not at all an issue tonight - maybe they're streamlined the process or came well prepared for a crowd but I waited only about 5 minutes and it was waaaay quicker than some of the other trucks.  Others in our group loved the Turkey Chili and I thought the sweet potato fries were good, nothing out of this world but good.  If you see this blue beauty and are willing to pay top dollar for a gourmet grilled cheese delight don't hesitate.  And get the goat cheese prosciutto.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,8/4/2011,473,460,8,8,7>I came here the other night with some of my favorite yelpers and we had a pretty good time filled with lots of great laughs. It's a tiny whole in the wall theater and you would probably never know it was there unless you were actually looking for it. There's not many seats in the theater so the performers have an easy time interacting with the audience. They ask you for ideas to start them off with and then they improvise from there. I guess thats what makes it so funny is because none of it is rehearsed. They just have to come up with funny stuff off the top of their head. They also sell things like popcorn, chips, soda and water...but it seems kinda cheap. It seems like a bunch of stuff they got out of a vending machine and they turn around and sell it for more to make a profit. I wish they had some nicer concessions for sale...but if they did I would probably make a fat ass out of myself, so I guess its good that they didn't have anything better.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,8/3/2011,129,119,8,8,8>Are you a DJ, rock enthusiast, self-proclaimed hipster, music producer, or artist?  Do you love all that is strange because you think it's unique?  Have you ever roamed a junkyard looking for home decor?  Do you get really annoyed by South Beachers and all those rhinestones?  If you answered yes to any of these questions, you really shouldn't get your hair cut anywhere else.  Todd is a friendly guy with a kickass music collection and an adorable son named Cash.  Oh yeah, and he also knows how to cut a hair or two.  The staff is lovely - I was offered wine as soon as I walked in - and the selection of vintage accessories will keep you lingering in the salon longer than you probably intended.  This is a very welcomed addition to the midtown area and I hope it's here to stay.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,8/2/2011,444,433,13,10,8>BIGGEST PIZZA SLICES ON THE BEACH!Staff was friendly. Scarface was on the big screen. Music was blaring. Root Beer was on tap. They're open til 2 am during the week and 5 am on the weekends so it's the perfect place to stumble in for a post club snack. The slices are so big and versatile that I came up with some alternative uses:1. Two slices may be affixed to the arms and used as edible wings2. Wear a slice as a hat to pay tribute to Lady Gaga3. Slap some sense into a drunk friend (use the crust side or the cheese may stick to his/her face)
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,8/1/2011,304,163,10,29,14>Are you ready to become a gym snob?I've been doing my own test of South Beach's gym offerings in the past 6 months. From the South Point bootcamp at Crunch, to yoga classes at Green Monkey to private workout sessions, I've been working up a short list of the best workouts. While I love me a good class, most of the classes on the beach are either too full, bore me with repetitiveness or aren't effective because I can't keep up with crazy choreography. So how's a busy working girl supposed to squeeze in a body-changing workout without wasting her life away in a gym or counting every single calorie she looks at?The verdict? Jetset Pilates has the most efficient, challenging and effective workout in all of Miami. I've dabbled in pilates classes in the past and while they've been great core builders, they dim in comparison to the full body burn you'll feel here. I found out that Jetset uses the latest reformers, which only a handful of studios in the world have. I love that the space is cozy and brightly lit, and they have a strict scheduling system, keeping the class sizes intimate and everyone accountable to getting to class on time. You'll receive plenty of attention from instructors who are friendly, yet push you to your max--all while gently correcting your poses. After every session I feel like complete and glorious jelly. My muscles are exhausted in a uplifting, refreshed and "i can't wait for this torture again" kind of way.I hate to sound like an infomercial, but I really did feel a major difference after my first 2 sessions here. And a note to all you gents- don't think that just because it's pilates it's a frou frou, zen "workout." I guarantee this class will have you huffing, puffing and as sore as 2 hours of lifting at the gym.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,7/31/2011,274,769,15,18,15>A cool place to either wind an evening down, or have a laid back one! I stopped by Blue Piano with a couple fellow Yelpers after a Yelp Eats UYE since the night was still young. One of the first thing that caught my ear was the actual real life piano playing while chatting with the gang. My eyes noticed the dimly lit ambiance- and fellow Yelper who shall not be named on whom we played an epic prank on. My taste buds enjoyed a cool, crisp riesling as well as a sample of the Buffalo chicharrones one of my table mates ordered.Music - besides the actual piano in the background - consisted of a jazzy loungey mix as well as live music on the acoustic rock tip. Sound is not that overpowering, so you can still enjoy conversation whether deep philosophy or planning a prank to play on someone. There are also a couple of tables outside where you can enjoy the Miami night warmth.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,7/30/2011,619,794,20,20,19>I've been to lots of dive bars in S. Florida, but I think this place takes the cake - In a good, down and dirty dive bar kinda way.Several of us decided to stop here after attending an event at nearby Trio On the Bay.  The place was small and a bit cramped for all the Yelpers that were packed in here, and a few of us felt overdressed!  I ordered up a beer from the bar ($3.50 domestic bottles), and when they rang me up, I noticed they were using one of the older chrome cash registers with the big push buttons that "click" and stay depressed when they press them, and that has a bell that rings when the cash drawer opens...You know, the ones that were all the rage back in the 1960s and 70s!   They did have an MP3 jukebox that was pretty modern and updated, but the rest of this place looks like it hasn't been touched, or possibly cleaned, in decades. I went to use the restroom, and used the stall with the urinal in it.  It was one of the old school full height urinals that went from chest height all the way to the floor.  It was filled with ice.   Not because they were trying to be hip and cool and offer an ice filled urinal similar to the ones at The News Cafe, it was because there was no running water and it was the only way to keep the smell down.  There were several large cracks and broken spots in the urinal and a few bits of the wall around it missing completely. When I began to use it, a swarm of small flies scattered! Ha ha.Luckily the sink did work and they had a soap dispenser and working hand dryer, but no hot water, and the pea green wall sink looked like something straight out of the early 1970s.  I returned to the bar and started noticing all their signage ("You #$%^ with me, you @#$% with the whole trailer park!" among others), and most of the people who were here before we arrived were definitely "characters".  In fact, one of them kept looking at our group and mumbling, and even shook his fist at a some of them a few times.  He chain smoked the entire time we were here and I'm quite sure he was drunk out of his mind.  When he stood up and walked over to the jukebox, I noticed that the backs were blown out of both the legs of his bib overalls.Attached to this bar is a full liquor store, and I do mean attached.  While there is a separate entrance to the liquor store if you enter from the parking lot,  there's actually an open doorway between the bar and liquor store.    They have a flat screen TV in the bar area, a few old school arcade games (including one with Ms. Pac Man, Space Invaders, Frogger, Donkey Kong and a few other 1980s-era games on it).  In the back room there is a pool table and an old school tube-type TV sitting on a low shelf.  If you're looking for a true dive bar experience, with absolutely no frills and that's maybe even a bit seedy, this is the place for you!  A solid 4 stars all the way!!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,7/29/2011,944,946,10,20,16>I finally had a chance to cruise around on a DecoBike, and I must admit I'm a big fan. Whether you're up for a little relaxing bike ride around the beach, or have an errand and don't want to take your car (or walk), DecoBike fits the bill!I must admit that I was one if the perplexed locals who didn't quite understand why 2 hugely-coveted residential parking spots seemingly on every block were taken up by these empty bike racks. But seeing all kinds of people cruising around the beach on the finally-operational bikes brings a smile to my face. The bikes are cruisers, so they're pretty easy to ride when you get the seat at the right height. Each bike is equipped with a basket, in case you need a place to stash your stuff. The machines are super-easy to use, and seem to take any kind of credit card. Just follow the instructions on the screen, and you'll be cruising the streets of South Beach in no time! Prices are pretty reasonable - $4 for 30 minutes seems to be the standard, but if you purchase more time up front, it's cheaper (i.e., $6/hour or $14/day). Miami Beach residents can purchase a membership for $15/month, which allows for unlimited 30 minute rides (if you go over 30, it's $4 for each additional half-hour block. Oh, and I'm pretty sure they give you a little padding on your designated time - I think we got close to 45 minutes for our $4...I do have a couple gripes though. First, there needs to be better redistribution of the bikes. The racks South of Fifth and in the Flamingo Park area are sorely lacking in useable bikes, while those around Lincoln Road are always fully stacked. Second, there's a serious lack of DecoBike racks in my hood - Flamingo Park. I mean, if you look at a map of the bike racks, it's like the area between Pennsylvania and Lenox,from 7th to 10th Streets doesn't even exist. What gives, DecoBike? Notwithstanding my gripes, I'm picking up my DecoBike membership card on Tuesday!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,7/28/2011,471,255,14,19,13>Oh man you guys are soooooo lucky that I hadn't written my update earlier! I have frequented Smoke't various times after my original review and it's more than fair to say that the quality of the food has dropped severely..... that is of course for lunch and dinner, because the massive amounts of #winning that goes on for BRUNCH is out of this world. Gotta hand it to the Town crew, they rule the brunch arena...hands down *bows*First off let me just sate the obvious: Unlimited Mimosas and a Rockin' Bloody Mary....woahhhh!There were six of us and our choices were varied. Smoke't's brunch menu is designed with your traditional southern flare, so the dishes range from some amazing cheese and grits, to jalapeno and corn bread eggs Benedict, to the sick Huevos Rancheros that I happened to select as my dish last Sunday.  Everything was finger licking delectable! We were all so merry that we completely let lose of all inhibitions and forgot that this was a family establishment (something we were reminded of and scolded for because apparently we got a little too loud and informative when telling some of our most outrageous stories).*sigh* definitely a BRUNCH win, and probably the only meal I will have at Smoke't again.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,3/10/2010,257,180,12,18,15>I am so excited that we finally gave Xixon a try---THIS is the type of Spanish food Miami has been missing! Got here at around 10:30 on Friday night and the restaurant was full. We had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated, but that's okay because while we were waiting we were taking the scene of the restaurant all in. It's a small space, but right upon entering you take notice of the tapas bar on top of the counter- just like in Spain- and its the only one I have ever seen here in Miami. There was spanish music playing and laughter could be heard coming from several of the tables- I love that! We also noticed that the Spanish accents were flowing here...a great sign, IMO! The space is small, but quaint. We actually found out from the owner that they will soon be moving locations to a bigger space down the block. MUCH bigger space actually....a 3 leveled one! They will be having a bodega (market) on the first level, restaurant on the 2nd level, and outdoor terrace on the 3rd. Sounds great! I just hope the feel and charm of this place transitions over to the new one as well....sometimes that gets lost in expansions =/ My husband and I had the patatas bravas, the navajas (razor clams), the gazpacho, some croquetas de jamon serrano and some other croquetas that the chef brought us ( but I am not sure what they were made of...delicious though!), and my husband had the solomillo topped with foie. EVERYTHING that was had was absolutely amazing! The flavors were as authentic as I have ever had here and even though the solomillo topped with foie was a spin on a true Spanish dish, it was melt in your mouth DEEEEEElicious! The service was great too. Everyone that passed by us would always check and see if we were okay and if we needed anything else. My husband, who is 1/2 Spanish and who spent every summer of his childhood in Spain, was in heaven here. The second he walked in he started speaking with his Spanish accent and was ecstatic to find out that the chef is actually from Spain and not just some other Joe Shmo trained in Spanish cuisine. Oh! and another HUGE bonus in my husband's book was that they had KAS de Limon here...a lemonade type of soda that he grew up with in Spain and that I have never been able to find here for him. I've actually even looked online to order some for him and have never been able to do so. The owner told us that if we wanted, that he would order a case of it for us. I just may have to surprise my husband and take the owner up on that offer soon (I hope my hubby isn't reading this! LOL)! The prices here are extremely reasonable too...which is a great excuse for us to get back here soon and continue trying out more items on the menu ;)
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2009,3/9/2010,34,125,4,11,10>I am not a vegetarian.  I didn't go to Bourbon Steak and have the fish or the chicken.I've been to Bourbon Steak a few times now for the burgers at the burger bar.  For a little over $15, you get a burger which is probably the best in South Florida.  It doesn't look like much.  At first it looks kind of small for some reason but there's a lot there to enjoy.  The duck fat fries come in three flavors with three flavors of ketchup.  If you do go to the bar for the burger menu, you still get treated like royalty just as if you were going for the expensive steak.  Every time, I've been offered a delicious free starter.  Each time I've left very satisfied.I've been saving my review until I've actually tried the steak.  I was afraid because it's not cheap.  We finally went for the Spice menu.  Most of the wines are $80++ but the manager came over and recommended a very nice Argentinian wine for $60.  The steak, well, the steak was perfect.  NY Strip and very delicious.  Temperature spot on medium rare.  Service impeccable.I'm reserving the fifth star due to the price of the regular menu.  However, I plan to go back for the regular steak menu and if they deliver as well as they have thus far, I will respond in kind with the last star.  Consistency goes a long way.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2009,3/8/2010,223,72,9,13,13>So Green Gables Cafe recently moved -- right next door to my office bulding! This makes me very happy :-)From my previous review:My new favorite place to oder lunch from while at work. I love that you can email laura and she'll respond with the day's specials.The sandwiches and salads are always perfect and just what i'm craving. You can really taste how everything is fresh and made from scratch with the best ingredients. When I ordered the carrot sticks with garlic aioli (the dip is to die for, btw) they arrived in a zip lock bag. It was the sweetest touch! I felt like my mom had packed my lunch.Update: I love the new space! Now there's room to sit! The food continues to be marvelous and the daily specials always surprise and delight!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,3/7/2010,202,177,4,10,7>I love it. I just do. I hate that they charge on the weekends so I usually only go on the weekdays but its still a fun joint. Its dark and not crowded (on weekdays) so its a great bar to come and chill at. The Death Burger is beyond amazing & the staff is friendly so thats always a bonus :0)  Also when I have visitors I love taking them there because I get to tell them the whole story behind Tobacco Road and everyone always loves going home with some piece of information that they feel is special & they get to feel like a part of Miami so its a fun spot to hit up & its def. an attraction of sorts.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/17/2009,3/6/2010,201,337,2,12,10>Bazzura, how come we had not seen you before?We (the bf and I) were going to go into Fiesta Mexican Grill when we noticed Bazzura RIGHT next door. So, off we went. Once inside, I was instantly reminded of La Moon. I was looking for less fast food-y Colombian. I guess I should not have picked Bazzura. The food was good. We got two empanadas and I had a beef perro (I think that's what that was) and my bf had a parrillada. Both were good. The sauce is awesome! The service was very good. Actually, outstanding. I really liked the decor, that grungy feel to everything. I especially like the facts that 1) they are open late and 2) they are recession-friendly. Which makes it all the more difficult to stay away.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,3/5/2010,229,492,5,10,8>Reading the reviews, it sounds like the things IceBox knows best are dessert and breakfast. The second time coming here for dessert, again was no disappointment. It was even better than the first. And it made me want to try the food menu even more. I will have to go back for that. Whenever we enter, the dessert case enthralls me and like a magnet, pulls me towards it. I then start rambling off the ones we want to try and before we know it, we're being served with three generous servings, yes three of them. All of them were equally amazing and delicious: -flourless white chocolate custard cake-chocolate brownie cake with white chunks inside-and butterfinger ice cream cake. All accompanied by a bitter latte - which helped neutralize all the sweetness. I found the service mega-friendly. Not only were we greeted at the door but we had a waitress who chatted with us and the table next to us, telling us about her recent move to Miami. The prices are a tad on the expensive side, meaning we could have had dinner for the same price of all our sweets.I do regret eating dessert only for dinner and kinda wish we had tried their food menu because I know, or atleast hope, it could have been just as satisfying. There's always next time!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,3/4/2010,122,89,6,8,9>I had been here in the past for a meet and greet with a kick ball league we were in. Grimey little place this is, but had some good times with the beer pong. A group of us came in yesterday as it was recommended by George M., we were hungry from walking around all day and needed to find a place to sit, eat and enjoy eachother's company. I was a little scared about eating from this kitchen, but I put my trust in George's hands. After reviewing the menu over and over, I finally ordered the "Best snapper fish sandwich you'll ever have in the world." I think it went something like that. I have to say I wasn't super hungry when we arrived, but when my food finally came, I ate the whole thing. It had 2 large pieces of fish served on toasted garlic bread. It was better than I expected and I was quite happy with my order. I had to give this place 4 stars. On such a busy day in the Grove, they really needed more than 1 person working the kitchen. It took us forever to get our food, mine was the last served :(. But I will admit, the wait was worth it.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,3/3/2010,120,391,6,11,10>you know what's so great about eating tapas? you get to sample more than one dish...hello! that's what life is all about...FOOD! with that said, i took my beloved lourdes c. for her birthday dinner here, and i'm so glad i did. let me start by listing the items we had...croquetas de jamon: yummmmychorizo with aguardiente: amazing to the third degreegarbanzos frito: super tastyceviche de pescado: flavorful, tender, incredible, & generous chunks of fishremember when i said you can tell a lot about a restaurant by its bread? well that stands true for this place! the bread & butter were so wonderful! service, by the way, was superb. our waiter, pedro, was so attentive and sweet. he even kept refilling our wine well after we were done with our bottle. he was a doll!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,3/2/2010,103,159,7,10,8>There's a new jewel in the crown of Midtown Miami and it's called Sugarcane. Based on the yelp reviews I read here, a group of friends and I decided to check it out last night. Now I'm glad to add a stellar review to this delicious restaurant! We were seated promptly (it helps to have a reservation) and were immediately told of the specials, the kitchens and what exactly Sugarcane had to offer. We started off by ordering two pitchers of White Sangria & Caipirinha. The pitchers are a bit pricey for the amount of liquor that you get, but you can always remedy that by ordering a drink from their full bar. After drinks, it was on the food. We all ordered a boatload of tapas to start off with. Everything from the Kobe sliders, mussels, goat cheese croquettes and lobster rolls were devoured in seconds. Every tapas plate we got was absolutely delicious. My favorites were the Kobe sliders that were topped with a fried quail egg and the croquettes that sit on top of a guava glaze. So good! Also, we ordered a couple rolls of sushi and though they don't have an extensive menu of sushi, the sushi here was amazing. The spicy tuna roll that my boyfriend insisted I try was out of this world. We might just back here soon for the sushi, it was THAT good. For the main dish, we decided on ordering the Whole Chicken casserole they were offering. It takes about 40 minutes to complete and the chef cuts it up in portions for you. Atop a bed of potatoes and seasoned mushrooms, it was one of the most juiciest and flavorful chicken plates I've had at a restaurant. Not a single piece was dry or burned, it was quite perfect. My only complaint is that I wish it came with more sides cause a couple of slices of potatoes for this boy just won't cut it. All in all, from the service to the food to the decor, Sugarcane did not disappoint. I'll definitely be back for seconds, thirds and perhaps thirty-two's!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,3/1/2010,216,339,4,8,9>My place for the Pho craving!! Specially for the cold weather now in Miami, this is the right spot for a warm hearty soup!!!!  They have several types of pho's, they differ in the type of meat they serve it with.  Either be meat balls, rare beef, seafood, fish balls, shrimp balls.  They also have an extra large size of pho with the addition of $2, prices are super reasonable.I love to order the summer rolls, the fried and non fried.  Salads are pretty good and fresh!!Yes, service might be a bit slow... but food feels like homemade.Now they accept credit cards. CLOSED on Wednesdays.  Also, from Sun - Thurs they close @ 9pm.  Fri & Sat don't remember exactly but they might close @ 10pm.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,9/30/2013,159,118,15,16,16>I love you, Cafe Tokyo!Hm? Oh, right. Sorry. Ahem...I love you, J Tokyo!!I'm finally writing a review for this restaurant and I can't believe it has taken me so long. It's probably the fear of ranting. Kind of like what I'm doing right now. Yes. Exactly like this. I'm going to rant. Deal with it!The first time I tried sushi it was disgusting to me. It was all California this and dragon that and I didn't understand the appeal. It wasn't until my best friend dragged me to J Tokyo (back then it was Cafe Tokyo) that I enjoyed and became addicted to this cuisine. Fast forward eight years and J Tokyo is still my first choice spot for fresh, delicious, and beautifully prepared sushi.I can confidently say that Walter, the sushi chef, knows how to make awesome sushi. I've had the normal menu items including his namesake roll, the Walter Special. I really enjoy what they have to offer but Walter really blew me away when I asked him to prepare something off menu that wasn't too heavy and left the choice of fish and ingredients up to him completely. He prepared a piece of amazingly fresh uni on rice, one piece that was a seaweed salad with avocado, and a roll. The roll's filling was tuna, salmon, crab, avocado, and crunchy noodles mixed in a honey kimchee sauce and it was topped with spicy mayo and masago. There were so many flavors and textures but they worked perfectly. I could tell he had a good time making it and I definitely had a great time eating it! I think he read my mind and knew avocado is one of my favorite things to eat. I'll probably ask him to do this from now on if I'm having sushi.I say "if" because the Japanese kitchen items are just as strong a selling point as the sushi and everything is delicious. I really mean everything. If you're looking for a satisfying lunch I recommend the sushi bentos. The presentation is great and you get the best of both worlds as far as cooked and raw food. Aside from the sushi, mine came with soba noodles, asparagus, a salad, and a giant melon slice that surprised me when I saw it. I wasn't expecting that at all and it really hit the spot and balanced out the meal with it's sweet juiciness. It was perfect for these hot Miami afternoons. If you're feeling extra hungry I recommend having the Cajun sweet potatoes as an appetizer. You can find this item on their blackboard. It's sweet potato tempura with spicy mayo dip and a spicy mango dip. It's addicting. The bowls are a great choice for the starved with the crown going to the hamburger bowl, followed by the sukiyaki bowl as a close second. The portions are almost outrageous and you'll most likely have leftovers to enjoy at home.The staff is excellent at making sure your experience is going well and if you sit at the bar, Walter and Yoko will chat up a storm as long as you're not the shy type. Some of the funniest restaurant conversations I've had have happened at that bar between myself, the staff, and the other patrons. It's just a great atmosphere and you really feel like you're among friends here. I'm always happy to go to J Tokyo and that's not changing any time soon.I almost forgot to mention that they make a kick-ass sweet green iced tea. Definitely the best in Miami.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,9/29/2013,11,63,7,6,9>How Uber Cool.I rarely write such a happy review, trying to be always fair but last night I took a beautiful girl out on a whim to a 'New & Unusual' Place I had heard about.Drogerie..I think is Australian for  Mixology.  I used to live in SOBE and don't go there much. But this one is tucked away by Lincoln Road on a side street, you are out of the hustle and bustle, but after-wards it is just 2 blocks away. A great Hideaway to Escape and be Amazed. You hear about them in New York, these Magicians of Libations who concoct the most amazing Drinks. We have now have one in SOBE..but wait, the quiet part of SOBE !    I so highly recommend this Venue, far more than any-other I have written about.  It is a great date place to just impress her. Mine was very impressed. Wow did I discover some of the most amazing libations, potions and aperitifs all served up by White Men in Lab Coats. Luckily this time not to take me away, yet another story we will discuss later. Glassware abounds as do Cucumbers, Cilantro, Alovera, Absinthe, Campri and other spirits you hear about in Drink Recipes but never have at home to make.Do not come here and order a 'Cosmo' This is akin to going to Paris and ordering McDonalds, Live it up, God has graced us with Healthy and Exotically wonderfully tasting Libation's a little ! My workout thin no eating type Date felt much at ease with all the Healthy and light drinks...As a Guy I just thought they tasted Great and yes...you get the warmth if you know what I mean...Tasty and Potent !Craig was my Guide on this Spiritual Journey in this Posh Australian themed Venue. And wow did he Impress. Look at the display of dozens of infused potions across the spectrum of tasty libations..Rarely have I left in such utter amazement at this Mixologist Craft.   Bravo !My Date was instantly amazed as we were guided through a Cucumber, cilantro infused Gin drink..amazingly delicious, then onto one with Aloevera, lime and Absinthe, and other secrets that tasted like Heaven on a Hot Summer Day.But it didn't stop, I went all out and sampled 6 drinks (Thankfully he understood and gave them to me in smaller Martini Glasses)  It was a Taste Euphoria, my date and I were just amazed. The last was a Campri/Orange Essence concoction whose aroma was sinful and taste so good we toasted to an Amazing Night. Hey I have a passion for Glassware and this Establishment has those unique glassware types that just make the occasion. 5 Stars on that alone.The Decore is relaxing, the music perfect grove  without being to loud. Not your typical SOBE Venue by far, but still Elegant and a Definite Date Place, Girls night out Venue.You can definitely loose yourself here. Pros:  Libations you will find no where else. No hangover either and you leave with breath of cucumbers and Orange essence, how cool is that.1. Convenient:  Parking is across the street.  This sits at 1650 James, which is one block West of Collins. It is a the Corner of  Lincoln Road and James in the Albion Hotel. Look to your right for the huge Velvet Entry as you enter. 2. Vibe was spot on. Let the pictures speak for themselves.  Dark, sultry, but groovingly fun. I spent 2 hours there and didn't know time was moving on, that is fun.3. Staff was uber friendly. Just ask the Men in the White Coats 'Impress me' and trust in your Mixologist. We loved all 6 Drinks. 4. Easy to find. Look for the 18 story up  light that says 'Albion' in big white letters on the building. Parking is across the street, a Valet is near if you want to impress and the big Parking lot on 16th makes Parking easy in SOBE. Con's:  And not on the Venue but the Hotel Albion.  The Bathrooms need a Key to get in. Ask the front desk and they gladly give you one. My Girl was happy with the clean bathrooms.You simply must try this, we had so much fun and again on that last kiss goodnight, I got a 'You taste like Cucumber' and got another Kiss.  How cool is that !
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,9/28/2013,166,351,7,11,9>I love college football! I especially love watching it at home, on my couch, with a fridge full of beer with which to either celebrate when Rutgers wins and Notre Dame loses or console myself if the opposite happens.But! The Mr. left town on a 6 week world tour right before CFB season started without hooking up our cable! DOH! So, when my beloved Scarlet Knights took on the Razorbacks, I was forced to venture out to watch the carnage. I thought Norman's might be a good place to watch and I was RIGHT!Watching CFB in public always causes me angst... will I be humiliated in public? Will there be fans of the opposing team ready to throw lemon wedges at me? Will anyone think it weird that I am dressed head to toe in Rutgers apparel with a foam knight's helmet on my head? Sometimes, they make me check my joust at the door. Not to worry, I felt right at home at Norman's.... when I arrived, there were several games on the TVs but no audio other than music playing in the background. Since there were only a few other patrons on a beautiful Saturday afternoon, I asked the bartender if she minded putting on the audio for my game. Well, she did me one better... she descended the BIG projection screen and I got to not only hear my game, but see it in FULL SIZE. I felt like I was there. The fact that Rutgers won was just the icing on the cake! My glass remained filled with Fat Tire draft, my belly was happy with an absolutely delectable veggie burger and the staff couldn't have been nicer. I felt like I was was watching at home, only better because the screen was larger! I am now reconsidering hooking up the cable when just down the block, I can feel totally welcomed while drinking and eating to my heart's content (BTW, 4 pints and a burger came to $26 before tax and tip). Norman's is definitely the place to go to watch a game and feel right at home!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,9/27/2013,211,141,11,20,13>Harvey's is in a ordinary-looking strip shopping center at the northernmost end of the Old Cutler Road business district in Cutler Bay.  Plain old glass front, and a rather bland and slightly worn interior, but Harvey serves up some pretty good 'Q in the modest surroundings.  There is plenty of parking, but not a lot of seating available - two four-place tables, and one two-place table.  Most business has seemed to be take-out when I've been by.I've been to Harvey's several times since he opened for business, and really have only been disappointed once (more on that later).Yesterday I picked up the "Junior Sampler" to go.  The samplers used to be a steal.  But, alas, the prices have gone up from $50 for the big one to now $69.99, and $25 for the Junior to now $42.99.  I think it's still a savings over trying to put it together a la carte. What's in the Junior Sampler?1 lb Spare Ribs1/2 Chicken1/2 lb Pulled Pork1/2 lb Brisket(3) 1/2-pint Sides(4) Texas Toast Garlic Bread SlicesI chose cole slaw, baked beans and mac 'n cheese for my sides.I also got a full rack of Baby-Back Ribs. The meats all had one thing in common.  They are so mildly seasoned as to make any seasonings undetectable.  Nice smokey meat flavor, but I wouldn't want them without BBQ sauce.  The Baby Backs were tender, just barely "fall-off-the-bone," but not so much that you can't eat or separate them without them disintegrating (which I experienced recently elsewhere).  The Spare Ribs were big bruisers, meaty and tender.  They're not St. Louis style, as they have the cartilage-like chine bones at the ends of the ribs left on. They also had what I consider a nice little char on the surface. 1/2-lb will get you four big ribs.The Brisket was a lot better than I had in the past here.  They used to give you what was essentially pulled/chopped brisket.  It was a pile of crumbly stuff, kind of like what a well-done pot roast turns into.  Flavorfull, but not what I wanted!  Now it is served in fairly-intact strips. It's reasonably moist for smoked brisket, too.The Pulled Pork was pretty good.  It had a nice texture, not too fatty or slimy like some places serve, and had enough bits of "bark" from the outside of the meat to add some texture contrast.I the BBQ Chicken was pretty good, too.  It had a nice crust on the skin, and plenty of good, chickeny flavor.  If you have a No-Red-Meat eater in the crowd, this chicken will please.There are four house sauces available:Harvey's Original - could be a non-smoky KC Masterpiece.Tennessee Spicy Red - Thinner than Original, slightly spicy, no sugar.KC Sweet & Tangy - Mild, sweet and sour.Carolina Mustard - This was almost like straight brown mustard with a little vinegar.  Might be good on a pork sandwich.  I didn't care for it.The Texas Toast was pleasant.  Frankly, it disappeared before I could make notes!I liked the Cole Slaw.  It was freshly shredded, with bits of red cabbage and carrot that I detected.  The dressing was no-doubt mayo-based, but not too thick and cloying, with a bit of tartness to it.  There also was another flavor that I couldn't pin down, but I liked it.The Mac 'N Cheese avoided being dry, but had no baked crust!  I think it has a combination of a couple of Italian cheeses.The backed beans tasted good, but I think they were just a quality canned product.  The only meat I detected was a piece of salt pork for seasoning, like one would find in canned pork & beans.  I wouldn't waste a side on them.The staff was friendly, and the service was quick, but for traditional BBQ items, I'm not sure I'd cross the county to go there.  They do deliver, and are convenient for Cutler Bay and Palmetto Bay and surroundings.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,9/26/2013,147,65,14,13,12>I am not entirely sure why I rarely consider Argentinean food as an option when dining in South Beach. Possibly because it's usually associated with North Beach or maybe because I think of Baires on Lincoln Road which although extremely delicious, can be pretty tough on your wallet. Somehow La Parilla has managed to bring affordable and most importantly, delicious Argentinean food close to my house. A girl can't ask for more. Now, for the sake of this review, let's forget for a moment that for most of my waking days, I am a vegetarian. I need you to forget it for a second because that is precisely what I do when this place pops into my head. All of a sudden my salivary glands are activated and I think, "Me. Steak. Now." The bread they bring to your table is amazing but even more perfect when you add the cheese spread it comes with. (I think it's like a blue cheese or Roquefort). No one I have ever dined with has passed on the spread, which sucks for me because I'm selfish and always mentally claim it all for myself. Luckily they're not stingy and will gladly bring more! If only I could work up the courage to ask for a gallon-sized bucket to take home with me... unfortunately, I fear (well deserved) negative judgement. Empanadas= must-have. (What are you even doing here if you didn't plan on eating one?! Seriously? Get it together, man.)So like I said, I come here to eat MEAT. I always get the vacio (flank steak for the gringos). One of the best things about this restaurant is that they offer half portions which is still a pretty big piece of food! It's always cooked to perfection and they make it clear that they'll fix it if it isn't. I don't think I have EVER sent food back, I fear the consequences of that. I haven't done it at this place either but that's just because it hasn't been necessary. They really make you feel like it's not a problem, they want you to enjoy the food as much as possible. I'm sure I've tried every dessert by now but the only one popping into my head is the Dulce de Leche crepes. Food orgasm. (Am I allowed to say orgasm on here?)Laid back atmosphere, friendly service, good prices... writing this review gave me a craving. I'm going to get on that.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,9/25/2013,504,281,13,14,12>First off, this place not only had GREAT specials for the Heat playoff games, it also has AMAZING good juju for your WHITE HOT HEAT! Yes, yes, I am a little superstitious with my sports fanaticism and when Richard K. and I realized that watching the Finals here was a magic bullet, we made sure to return for games 6 & 7. There was a great $5 menu offered during the games, so we enjoyed several Cigar City brews and shared various plates without breaking the bank. The spicy pork jowl nachos are pretty bomb, although on our second visit the HEAT was a little too hot for some, not I of course, to handle. Personally my favorite dish the first night there was the chicken and waffles, although I believe they ran out of waffles and I enjoyed a bacon biscuit instead. Either way, the chicken was perfectly breaded, seasoned and cooked, and the buffalo sauce was amazing. It went nice with the doughy whatever it was served with, and it was one of those dishes that inspires the fat kid inside me who just wanted to lick every crumb off the plate. If I had been alone...perhaps. The tres leche was pretty delish too, I enjoyed that it wasn't overly sweet or mushy, it was a nicely balanced dessert actually. The pan con tomate is quite yummy too, although a bit small to share especially considering that I LOVE garlic and this was so perfectly garlic-y. On my third trip I was once again in fat kid heaven with their version of poutine. I have always wanted to try poutine, and while I realize this is far from the traditional version I have to say that my first time was even better than I expected. Other poutines have a lot to live up to now thanks to Bread + Butter. I really did think that on our first visit the service was top notch. AJ did a great job and was quite friendly, as was a female server who checked in on us as well. My only irk with the service came upon our second and third visit; it really felt like our waiter didn't want to be there or deal with us, and if it hadn't been for the stellar first go-round I have to say this would have left a bitter taste in my mouth for the place. The food and first evening's service though has indeed made me a fan.Actually, I am dying to try their breakfast. Who wants to go with me??!??!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,9/23/2013,14,15,2,5,3>I recently had my laptop infected with "malware".  Whatever that is.  Basically, my laptop was frozen and asking me to buy a cash card from Wal-Mart to pay a fine and remove the "FBI" lock.  Some crazy crisp like that.I googled different viruses and found others had the same problem as me.  I downloaded some malware removal software and went through the various steps to remove it.  Results...I wouldn't be writing this review if it had worked.  So I gave up on trying myself and started investigating computer repair shops.  I came across Computer Pros and gave them a call.  They sounded like they knew what I had and gave me a reasonable quote.I dropped off my laptop and was told it should be done the next day.I would give this company 5 stars if the laptop would have been ready as promised.  It actually took one day longer.  They did indeed fix my laptop and it is running as before. I don't know if the geek squad would have been quicker or cheaper but at least I didn't have to schlep it up to Aventorture and then wait in line for an unGodly amount of time.I will definitely use Computer Pros again.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,9/22/2013,61,50,5,6,6>I've been to Berries twice and both times I've had a great experience.  The staff is always very attentive and accurate with my order.  The first time I went was on a weekend for lunch and it was packed and the second time was for brunch with my husband right when the restaurant opened and there were very few people inside.  Both times I was very impressed with the service.  The servers are always ready with suggestions and explanations of the food items.For my first meal there, I had a turkey and avocado wrap which was light and delicious after a hard day's work.  I was there after assisting on a photo shoot in the hot Miami sun, [nothing like manual labor to get your stomach screaming bloody murder for a meal] and I was really glad I could get something that wouldn't be too heavy and gave me a nice boost of energy.  The second time, I ordered from the daily specials menu, ceviche with tostones to start the A-line chicken breast francaise.  I can't recommend both enough.  The ceviche had a barely there sweetness after the citric flavor that was just delicious and the tostones were not fried and salted to hell like in most places.  The chicken was fantastic and served with mashed potatoes, broccoli and tiny roasted tomatoes.  Best mashed potatoes I've had in quite a while.  It was like the chicken was complimenting the mashed potatoes instead of the other way around.  Wish I had more excuses to go back.  Enjoy Berries!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,9/21/2013,167,134,2,6,3>I love this place! Like Susy C. said, it's a diamond in the rough! This co-op is definitely a welcomed addition to the ever improving neighborhood of the downtown club district. Knowledgable and friendly volunteers are there to help you with all bicycle needs. You can buy spare parts at a fraction of the price you'd pay at any local shop.  They are also willing to teach you about your bike and how to take apart and put things back together. Want to wash your bike the proper way and have even your chain link and nice and clean, they've got the tools to help you get that done their too!  How about building your own bike from scratch?  You can do that at the bike collective as well!The volunteers are also happy to answer any questions related to bicycles and are always looking for suggestions and ideas to help improve the co-op.  If you have any bicycle parts that you'd like to get rid of, they accept donations.Keep in mind that the staff their are all volunteers, so bring some spare cash to donate for the questions and work you have in mind to do while there.  The space costs someone money and the bills also have to be paid.Welcome to the neighborhood, Magic City Bicycle Collective!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,9/20/2013,11,8,7,7,5>My friends DAD told us about this. When we arrived and saw how big this really was we were shocked that her DAD actually knew about it before we did. The scene is pretty crazy, trust me if you don't feel comfortable driving through a sea of people, you might wanna ask the most fearless of your crew to take a shot at it. I swear, I kept referring to the crowds of people as "herds". The best part was everywhere you looked there was some sort of artistic expression. We were at a loss for words, and then the word vomit began, and then we were hungry and conveniently enough had like 27 food trucks directly infront of us. how great is that? Of course, you've got your drunk-o's, and the people who go just because it's cool but the fact that even they are absoribing something artistic is amazing. They don't know it's happening, but it's happening. in the galleries they walk by, in the street art the casually glance at, and when they stop and stare at "that weird guy playing the bongos".You got your food trucks...oh sweet, sweet, food trucks. nothing like shamlessly eating a ms. cheezious grilled cheese sandwich, hunched over, getting your fingers sticky, in a lot surrounded by people randomly dancing, and inhailing the fumes of those food trucks. it's kind of like going to the fair to eat, minus the carnies and the sweetwater chongas and chongos. i'm all for this and I plan on attending as often as possible.You should try it too...unless you're a carnie. in that case...you're not invited.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,8/28/2011,529,642,12,20,19>Perhaps I hadn't given much thought to what would occupy the old Whisk space. I guess I thought that the space would be vacant for a while, providing some parking relief for patrons of the other businesses in this tiny shopping center. This is not the case, however. Mere weeks after Whisk went big-time, there is a new contender for "Buzz-Worthy Quirky Coral Gables Lunch Spot" occupying its birthplace.The bedrock practice underlying Green Table's menu is to use fresh, local farm-to-table organic ingredients. While not overly large, it's an impressive menu, and does offer a fair number of legitimate vegetarian choices. I'd go so far to say that veggie dishes and meat dishes are on equal footing. I want to try the veggie skewers, ratatouille, and crunchy root vegetable salad, but alas, I cannot comment upon these in this review, as I only have one stomach, capacious though it may be.I began with a lemonade and an order of hummus, which in retrospect, was a mistake. Not because the hummus was mediocre, which it wasn't - but because there was a lot of it, and I nearly cleaned the plate. With a number of pita wedges and a substantial full bowl of hummus, this is an appetizer for 2-3 hungry people. The hummus itself is simply seasoned; not the sharpest-flavored hummus I've ever had as its proportion of tahini seems to be intentionally low, but it tastes fresh. The lemonade was heavy on the tart side, and I was going to note this in my review as a weakness, but when I got to the bottom of the glass, I saw that the sugar had all fallen out of solution - all I had to do was stir it up a little and the lemonade likely would have been perfect. Oops. The roast beef sandwich with blue cheese, onion and fig compote was a work of art. I'm a sucker for presentation. The sandwich was halved, and the halves were stood on end along the plate's diagonal and allowed to lean on each other, obscured from view by a helping of mixed greens. With a choice of multigrain or whole wheat bread, this sandwich offers an interesting alternative to your garden-variety roast beef sandwich. I love the use of a chunky fig spread here instead of gag-inducing mayonnaise that I have to request be omitted. The flavor dynamic was all about the interplay of sharp, slightly salty blue cheese vs. the very sweet figs - the copious tender, juicy beef slices in the middle were really just there to provide some.....well, beef, so cantankerous reviewers like me don't complain about paying $12.95 for a roast beef sandwich with no beef. Oh, and do eat your mound of fresh leafy greens. The menu goes to the trouble to list the particular local farmers from which they were sourced, so it would be a shame to let them go to waste.After all that, I had to try dessert. How often do I get to have goat's milk passionfruit ice cream? They will provide a small taster free of charge, but I can't imagine turning down a full portion after having tried the taster. This goat's milk ice cream, also made locally, has an interesting consistency. I'd never had ice cream made with goat's milk before, but it's not very creamy at all; more gritty, coming off as more of a sorbet but not quite. Beyond the consistency, what makes this an amazing dessert is the fact that the potent, pungent passionfruit is allowed to shine - it isn't dumbed down and buried beneath impenetrable strata of cream and sugar. Whisk's heir-apparent is here. Go while it's still easy to do so. As a bonus, they are open until 7PM, so it is possible to make it for an early dinner.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,8/27/2011,210,81,7,7,8>This place is great!  The ambiance, the beer, the food.....all five stars.  I drove by this place a few times, and had no idea a gem like this could exist on the southern end of Surfside.  The beer selection is great.  I love the Hennepin.  The menu is gastro-pubbish, with influences from all over the world.  And Lou is cool too.  He's always there, and always having customers sample little snacks he is concocting in the kitchen.Another great thing about Lou's is that the bartenders definitely remember you!  I had a "memorable" night at Lou's, returned several months later, and was immediately greeted with "Hey!  The guy that made out with__________ is here!"  Very embarrassing, yet somewhat flattering.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,8/26/2011,563,515,22,12,13>An except from the Yelp Bible by the Yelp Reverend.THE BLESSED WETLABAnd the good Lord looked upon UM's School of Marine Science and blessed it with a bar.A Baaaaar with NOT your average choice of beers....This bar gave its people the gift of life. Good beer.Can I get an Amen?(Amen).The good Lord blessed Wetlab with great service. The bartender was so HEAVENLY offering floaters for pina coladas too all.Lastly, the Lord looked upon all those happy people with their drinks and decided that libations and good service were not enough; HE decided there was more needed.With the touch of his hand, HE bestowed upon wetlab a breathtaking view.With all said and done, HE smiled at his greatest happy hour location.Amen.Miami 1: 1-14
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,8/25/2011,52,77,5,11,8>I have always asked the question where can I go in Coral Gables for great atmosphere, great food but especially for a great happy hour experience? The answer is Sawa Restaurant located at the Village of Merrick Park. SAWA, which means togetherness, uniquely combines contemporary Mediterranean & Japanese cuisines. I learned about their happy hour simply by coincidence. I happen to attend a pre Father's Day event they were hosting. I got acquainted with the hostess who was serving some of their signature sushis that day. She recommended to me to taste her favorite sushi, the Kamakazi Sushi. From that day, I was hooked. After the event, I visited the restaurant and sat at the bar, the bartender was very courteous and I had one of their signature martinis. It was until then, I learned they had an exquisite but affordable Happy Hour.On this experience, it was the start of Labor Day weekend and I had 1 hour and a half to relax before I went to my next destination. So my friend and I made plans to go to Sawa Restaurant. He loved it in past occasions we went, but this one was truly an experience we could never forget. First of all, we chose a table since all the seats at the bar area were already occupied. Apart from the restaurant's regular dinner menu, we were given a happy hour menu. It consisted of specially priced Van Gogh Vodka Martinis, tapas and Sushi. Wine and Beer were also listed. We first ordered the Pineapple Upside Down Cake Martini. My goodness, it was delish! I could taste a hint of pineapple mixed with the vodka. Then we decided to order the sushi. I ordered (my favorite, of course) the Kamakazi Sushi and my friend ordered the Spicy Tuna sushi. The Kamakazi Sushi, to me, resembles eating a cooked sushi. It is served warm with raw fish and avocado with a nice mildly spicy sauce eloquently spread on top of it. The Spicy Tuna Sushi was sort of spicy but I have a Peruvian palate therefore I can withstand certain hot and spicy foods. My friend loved it.We had a tempting desire to order another martini so as he ordered another Pineapple Upside Down Cake martini and I ordered a Chocolate Cake martini. I was really surprised with this one. I thought I was going to drink a chocolate looking type of martini but it resembled the color of the Pineapple Martini that we just ordered. However, I knew it was sort of different because this martini was served to me with a sugary rim and no cherry in it. When I tasted it, it was like slicing into a nice sweet chocolate cake but not overpowering you. I was in heaven! Our experience was wonderful and the ambience is great. I am hooked and will come back again to this wonderful hidden jewel of a restaurant.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,8/24/2011,98,163,10,8,8>Aw HELL-TO-THE-YES!!!!So after hearing all about the hoopla surrounding Gigi, I went in with high expectations. And Gigi, God bless her noodle-loving soul, did not disappoint.First of all, I love the whole industrial chic decor and open expo kitchen. My husband and I love open kitchens because let's face it -- you need something to look at after you're done complaining about the kids, the mortgage, what you did that day and so on. Watching the chefs hustle and bustle in their workspace is like a movie -- so fun to watch!We ordered up the Short Rib Meatloaf (not to be missed!), Fried Eggplant (delish!), Roasted Pumpkin (different) and Steak Chow Fun (WOOOAAHHH!).The Steak Chow Fun was on a WHOLE 'NOTHA level. Trust me on this.We were too stuffed to crunch in dessert but I must go back for the carrot cake. And Ovaltine candy bar. Oh, and the lemon cookies...Lastly, the service is amazing and the prices are just right. All three dishes plus a glass of wine cost us 50 dolla make ya holla. Can't beat that.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,8/23/2011,279,116,6,8,11>Seeing how quickly Pubbelly was inundated by yelpers, I had high expectation for this place.  Pubbelly certainly delivered.  Pubbelly takes many current food trends and does them all well.1) Asian Fusion. It works.2) Tapas sized portions.  Everything is delicious and worth trying.3) Porkbelly, foie gras, beef cheeks, noodle bowls.  Will keep you coming back.4)Gastropub.  Who doesn't enjoy a micro brew?5)soft serve, and candied bacon.  Didn't I just see that on Chopped.Even though it's sounds kitchy it is delicious.  We started with Stone crabs which were reasonably priced and  had inventive sauces.  A kimchee cocktail sauce and a mustard sauce that was made with spicy deli mustard both had a nice kick.  Then the beef cheek ravioli with foie gras mousse. Rich and delicious.We ordered the bay scallops and they came in an escargot pan.  If you like butter and garlic sauce make sure to order a baguette to soak it all up.We finished with the pork belly in butterscotch sauce again rich deliciousness.I am in love with porkbelly and I think next time, I will order all the porkbelly entrees.We ended with the brownie sundae with caramel and candied bacon.  The brownies were freshly baked and the candied bake left a nice sweet and salty finish.If you like rich foods with decadent sauces then this spot's for you.      The owner Andreas came around to make sure we were enjoying ourselves, and took our check because our waiter was busy.  It's the love for the restaurant and the food that everyone exudes which makes this place special.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,8/22/2011,1381,665,9,14,10>Dear Peacock Garden Cafe,I have been here a couple of times now and each is just as spectacular as the other.  From the moment we walked in, we felt whisked away in time and space; giving that delicious feeling one usually only gets on vacation.  Your restaurant is quaint, and has a unique souther charm with a Miami twist.  The stunning landscaping and beautiful garden make for a breathtaking background to an amazing meal.  There are orchids, bromeliads, palms and tropical plants abound, and the breeze always seems to blow at just the right time.  I don't think that you can plan that any more perfectly!  The service here is impeccable, from the hostess that seated us to the gentleman that brings the water, to the wonderful wait-staff, I have nothing to complain about.  We always have the right luck to come in right before the rush so I've never had to wait for a table and have gotten my choice pickings.You have a great selection of wine and beer, and none of that Bud-Lite stuff either, just the best, which includes Milk Stout (enough said).  The menu has a little something for everyone and every taste, although not extensively long.  Both times I've been here, I've opted for the special, "Catch of the Day", and both times have been blown away.  The first time was a Red Snapper, served with fresh seasonal veggies and a scrumptious lemon butter sauce with capers.  The latter time, it was a Corvina, which is a white, flaky fish, tasty but not fishy.  The chef had served it upon a bed of sauteed spinach with prosciutto and a white wine, garlic, butter sauce.  I have never enjoyed 2 pieces of fish more in my life!!!  And my love has also fallen in love with you.  He had your delicious tuna most recently, and was not disappointed!  The fish was cooked to medium rare perfection.I LOVE it!  You never disappoint and always leave us blown away.  I will continue coming until you realize we are regulars.  Plus it's on my way to and from work, so it's hard not to pull over when sitting in traffic.Keep it up!  You've really got something special here.Madd love,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,8/21/2011,365,232,13,17,17>I JUST LOVE FOX'S.  Can't help it.  It feels like coming home.  And if you've ever attended Al-Anon, you'll know exactly what I mean. (j/k!  sorta!)I've only been to Fox's twice so far, and both times it was strictly for medicinal purposes on Friday afternoons after working like a beast all week.  There comes a point when NOTHING can rejuvenate your soul and the only thing to do is to wallow in an alcoholic haze of darkness and dubious motives.  When you've reached this point, come to Foxes.  If you're able to walk out, on your own, sober enough to get behind the wheel, and without having taken any controlled substances or made any untoward advances on anyone else's tipsy spouse, then you can feel truly morally superior!  And that's what Fox's does for me.The service is stupendous, but please follow this advice: Just admit right away to your server that you need a stiff drink.  Don't pretend to be choosy or uptight-- just say it-- gin martini. up. dry. olives.  And trust me, what you get will knock your prissy, wound-too-tight socks off.  I just love Fox's.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,8/20/2011,323,315,6,10,8>Dear Ozzi,   Thank you for bringing a much needed update in sushi dining experience to downtown.  Your restaurant is bright and clean (especially love that the dishes are covered with clear plastic containers), and your sushi is tasty.  For only $1.50-3.50 (plates are color coded to help me figure out how much each is), you offer a wide variety of options. Plus, I love that if I don't see what you'd like on the river, I appreciate that you will bring it to me directly.  Love the mango/guava/crab roll, and pretty much anything with tuna (the salad, sashimi, rolls), and the dessert sushi is a yummy ending.  Nutella with banana, strawberry or mango...all are great options!  Both times I went, the bill was less than $20 (including tip) and I left feeling completely full.  During lunch you're starting to fill up, but dinner seems to be a bit quieter.  Although the miso is not one of your better dishes and tastes kind of standard....I appreciate that after 6pm, 5 plates of sushi can equal a free bowl of miso soup!  Your staff is always friendly, and during lunch at least, service was very prompt.  Your beverage selection is decent...beer, wine and sake.Welcome to downtown!  I'm sure I'll be back again soon!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,8/19/2011,149,131,3,14,6>For the last couple months I have been wondering, why oh why would they open ANOTHER fine dining Italian restaurant in the same building as Il Gabbiano.  Well, now I know.Had the pleasure of dining at Scalina last night and got the inside scoop. Apparently, the Scalina guy helped open Il Gabbiano back in the day and wanted to stur up some competition, but at a lower price point.Service was really great, server put napkin on laps, told us about the restaurant, manager came by to say hello, and he was friendly and attentive throughout the meal. Similarly to Gabbiano, freebies included aged parmesan, brushetta, bread/olive oil and zucchini topped with andives.Bottles of wine were 20% off, so we were able to choose a bottle at a slightly higher price point. The server poured the bottle into a decanter for us too.Ordered an app from the specials which was a mix of scallops, shrimp, and calamari. It was yum! For entrees we had the Malfati Ragu (ragu of veal and wild mushrooms) and the Calf's Liver (came with sausage, sauteed onions and polenta).  Both were delish but I felt that the calf's liver was a better bang for your buck. We were totally stuffed and brought a healthy portion of leftovers home.Scalina will definitely be giving Il Gabbiano a run for their money. Entrees are a good 10-20 dollars cheaper, service was perfect, restaurant interior is beautiful with a similarly nice view. Definitely a romantic restaurant and we had a great experience! Basically, you get an only slightly lesser Il Gabbiono experience but at a price that won't make you cringe!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,12/15/2012,166,351,8,8,7>I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner here! The GREAT:Despite it being very crowded, we were seated in less than 5 minutes. The waiter was very friendly and attentive - personally, I thought he was a little too attentive, but I prefer much less "service" than most, so his professional manner would likely appeal to most people.The busboy spilled water while refilling the glasses. He returned to clean it up wearing rubber gloves!! A restaurant that pays that much attention to cleanliess is to be commended! The fish was incredibly fresh! We had the Seafood Orgy ceviche, which was crisply acidic and pefectly piquant! We also had the causa with octopus and olives. I am a lover of black olives and this dish did NOT disappoint. The black olives were pureed with a kind of creme fraiche, resulting in a delectible purple sauce covering the potato mound and shredded octopus. It was salty and savory and just amazing, visually AND gastronomically! The owner was working the room, filling glasses, talking to patrons. He clearly cares very much that each diner has a great experience in his restaurant.Now, the not so so great:The room is VERY LOUD! The acoustics are horrible. The waiter described the specials and we couldn't hear a word he was saying, so we just ordered off the menu. Later on, when we asked him what the table next to us was eating, he said it was the special causa, plus the ceviche sampler. We totally would have ordered that if we could have heard him! I had terrible food envy for the rest of the night! It's over 48 hours later and I'm still thinking of the causa that wasn't.... Oh well.... that just means a return visit is in the cards so I can sample some more Peruvian treats!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/14/2012,490,388,7,15,8>I am in LOVE with this place. Where else can you get an amazing workout, complete with enthusiastic trainers, for just $5 a class? I've never had to make any prior reservations, although the classes get really full - so show up early to make sure you get a spot. Payment is on the honor system. You sign in downstairs, choose the next available number that is hanging on the counter and then go upstairs. You pay by putting your cash in a white envelope, writing your bike number and name on the front, and put the envelope in the box. Don't be dumb and not pay - last year someone stole the trainer's iPhone and the next class he had a video of exactly who did it. Spinning is not for the faint at heart. Hubby thought he would come with me one day and couldn't walk for a week after, he was trying to keep up instead of just going at his own pace. Learn from his mistake - talk to the trainer before class to make sure you are setup correctly and don't overdo it your first time. If you avoid injury you'll be able to keep up in no time. This is Miami's best gym - seriously....just keep it a secret so we can all get a spot, okay?
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,12/13/2012,518,294,13,15,14>My new favorite place to get a great cup of coffee!  I've traveled enough and tried coffee at different places in the country and the world to really say this place is my favorite!  I used to swear Intelligentsia (Chicago) was the best and tried Kaldi's in St. Louis which I loved!!  Then I settled for Brew up in Ft. Lauderdale but I am really happy to say Panther has made me the happiest!I am also very proud that it's based out of Miami which was very impressive to me since the majority of my coffee experience down here has been Starbucks and Cafe Pilon!  They also have great compliments to the coffee.  Try the Sticky Buns, empanadas or any other thing.  I've yet to have something I don't like there!So happy Panther is here and in Wynwood where beautiful art is showcased all over!  cant' think of a better place to have a great cup of their Ethiopian blend!  You must be really careful when drinking the Ethiopian blend (my fave) cause the flavors will punch your taste buds and make you feel silly!!!  I love it! I recently got a gift certificate for my friend and can't wait to go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Also the staff are suuuuuuuuuuuuuuper nice!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,12/12/2012,227,222,6,5,4>More and more, because of Yelp, I'm stumbling upon these great little restaurants located in totally unassuming shopping centers, the kind of place where you expect to find a Subway or a Check Cashing store.Well, this shopping center has both, so I was correct in my assumption, but under the little sign on the facade that reads "Cafe" resides Ni.Do., and I would never have guessed that I'd want to live like the troll in "The Three Billy Goats Gruff" under one of the tables.I swear. I'd move right in. I'd reach up and snatch a piece of buffalo mozzarella from one of the tables every so often and live more happily than I do now.And that's not to say I'm depressed. I mean, I have my issues. Sure, I'm a little warped, but all around, I'm a happy guy. The cheese is just THAT good.Ni.Do. makes it in house, which in and of itself is laudable, but that the cheese tastes as fresh as it does and that it couples so perfectly with the tomatoes or prosciutto or the bevy of other pairings Ni.Do. offers is tops.I don't know if you know much about space exploration, but in the seventies, we sent some satellites out into space (Voyager I and II) packed with all sorts of things that speak to our civilization in the off chance that aliens would stumble upon them and want to learn about us.This freaking cheese should be on Voyager I. And when our galactic brethren open the hatch, I should be found grizzled and bearded laughing maniacally at the funny joke the cheese just told. And I'd do it. All for the cheese.As for everything else, this place hit for the cycle. The decor was a very nice, very respectable single; the Birra Moretti was a solid double; the bread was a triple; and the mushroom ravioli was a home run.This place succeeds on EVERY level, and if you check in using the Yelp app, you get 10% off your meal.I mean, I love Italian food. Olive Garden remains one of my favorite restaurants. But to say that I'd be willing to drift aimlessly through space for this place and risk having some Ridley Scott creation burst from my chest? That should tell you all you need to know about Ni.Do.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,12/11/2012,42,25,5,19,8>Foxy Brown is just what Victoria Park/East Fort Lauderdale needed.  I have dined here on quite a few occasions-  for brunch and dinner.  In this review, I will breeze over dinner and focus on brunch.  For a few dinner review, check out Douglas C.'s review.  For dinner, we love their pretzels and little shorty chicken wings.  The pretzels have the right amount of salt and are the perfect starter to whet your appetite.  The wings are not spicy at all.  I have only had the Cock-a-doodle chicken sandwich.  I liked it better when they fried the chicken, but it is still good.  As for brunch, this is easily my favorite brunch in South Florida.  There are so many delicious looking menu items on the brunch menu, it is hard to make a decision.  It is the type of place where you look at the tables next to you see what they ordered and eavesdrop on their conversations with the waiter.  I have been here three times.  My first visit here I tried a sample of the raspberry and white chocolate pancakes and LOVED the batter. (My second visit I had this as an entree).  That visit however, my main course was the White Chocolate Chip French Toast.  It was delicious.  The bread they used was from their bread pudding.  Even though it was rich and probably a good size for its richness, I still wish the slices were a little bigger.  I personally am not a fan of the Neuske bacon.  It is too smoky for my tasting.  My dining companions always prefer the more savory menu items (hangar steak hash, frittattas, Benedict) and they all loved them.  What makes Foxy Brown a special brunch place is they have an extensive menu of breakfast specials, including featured pancake of the day.  First visit - they had German chocolate cake pancakes.  I am still regretting not ordering them.  Second visit, red velvet pancakes (I am not a cream cheese fan, so no loss for me) and then third visit I ordered the brownie stuffed pancakes.  Yes, that is correct.  Small brownie bites were cooked inside the pancakes and placed on top - drizzled with caramel and chocolate sauce.  IT WAS AMAZING and CHOCOLATEY GOODNESS.  My complaint with chocolate chip pancakes are there never are enough chips.   Well, my friend, the brownies sure do the trick and I never had a bite without a little chocolate in it!Pancakes at Foxy Brown are large, airy and have two to a serving.  I am not a pancake breakfast fan, and I love these pancakes.  Two brunch appetizers I have not tried (because I know the entrees are so big) but always intrigue me are the doughnut holes with cereal milk and banana bread grilled cheese.  I also am intrigued by the S'mores waffles.The only reason I give this place four stars and not five, is that I am not a huge fan of their dinner.  I will definitely continue to be a frequent diner at Foxy Brown!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,12/10/2012,35,156,4,9,5>I had been desperate to find a good place to do a keratin treatment because my hair is a nightmare. First of all, I have a ton of it and it's very coarse and varying degrees of curly. Combine that with the humidity around here, and I always have a huge, frizzy mess on my head. I had done keratin once before and it basically just washed out so I didn't really have high hopes for a second time around; I just assumed my hair was not responsive to it. But I decided to try Anastasia Molchanov after seeing their reviews on Yelp. Right from the start, the experience was awesome. You can request an appointment online which is really convenient. They called and emailed me to schedule it right away for the following day.As soon as I walked in, I was blown away by how professional they were. It's a really cute place and it's so refreshing to be treated so courteously. My appointment was with Michelle and she was still finishing up another client when I came in but she came out promptly at my appointment time to introduce herself and let me know she would be with me soon. I went in hoping for a better keratin experience and a thinning haircut. They had me look through shoulder length cuts online to get an idea of what I wanted and they were very attentive throughout about my requests. I intended to do the Coppola treatment but Michelle suggested the Brazilian which would require no waiting to wash out and would be a little bit stronger. So I decided to defer to her expertise and we got down to business.Michelle really spent a lot of time with me, which I appreciated. You could tell she wanted to make sure everything was perfect. She obviously takes a lot of pride in her work. After the keratin application and the ironing, she did the haircut, exactly like I wanted, so that my hair would have less weight on the bottom. She gave it a great shape with some light layers. It's been a couple of days now and I washed it and it still dries straight, with some soft waves that give it great volume. And there's not one frizzy hair on my head. This is without even blow drying. I couldn't be happier. It was a really reasonable price, too. I can't rave enough about my experience. They are really consummate professionals and I will definitely be returning.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,12/9/2012,52,67,8,8,4>Sometimes I wish I was Korean. Because if I was Korean, I could walk into this store and say "annyeonghaseyo" properly to all the Koreans who work here. And then I could chat it up with fellow Koreans while I shop for kimchee and other Asian groceries here. And maybe talk with the cute Korean cashier for a bit, where she would maybe give me an extra yogurt drink thing. But if you're not Korean like me, you can still come in here to do some Asian grocery shopping here I guess. Come during the afternoon if you want some fresh varieties of kimchee (spicy, fermented Korean delicacy) or rare vegetables like bitter melon. If you're planning to have hot pot, you can also find lots of good meat cuts here like shabu shabu. Stuff here can be a little pricey, but I have a sneaking suspicion that if you're Korean you get some sort of discount. Or an extra yogurt drink thing when you check out.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,12/8/2012,336,556,5,5,4>My business professor at the University of Miami told me the most important factor in starting a successful start-up is location. You need to find a place that is easy to access and attracts a steady amount of visitors, and A.C.'s Icee's at Kennedy Park is a perfect example of a simple concept that has become a Miami icon due to quality of service, price, and most importantly location.When my friend who was out of town told me I needed to try an A.C. Icee, I automatically said, "Icee! We should just go to 7-11!" But good thing my friend was persistent because these icees were the bomb-diggity. It was $4.50 for the medium, and I got half a lemonade and half a cherry. The two flavors fused perfectly. It was the ideal amount of sugar, and it felt so good to down one after having a one hour workout at the park.If you are someone who likes starting their weekend with a workout, I highly recommend going to Kennedy Park (they have workout playground equipment and a good running trail) and then enjoy yourself one of these icee delights. It is sure to energize you and wake you up! There always seems to be about five people in front of me when I go, but service is fast. Worth the wait.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,12/7/2012,68,218,4,7,4>The simple things in life. This a place that was not even listed in Yelp and was recommended by a chef. It's a small pasta shop that also has a very nice menu. All very simple. All amazing.As I said, this is a small place in the corner of shopping strip hidden by tree branches. Yes, its a bit difficult to spot but if you have been at Blue Collar, you have parked across from it and if you have gone to Michy's, you passed by. Inside it's small as well. A counter, the kitchen, and 3 or 4 tables. Oh and the machine that makes the pasta is right smack in the middle of all of it. Notice, I say all of this with not one drop of negativity. I love little places, where you can actually see the food been made and where the feel is that you are eating in someone's kitchen. The fact that the food is really good, makes it all much better. So I walk in, take a look at the menu and ask for the Pappardelle Fungi Tartufato or simply put pappardelle and mushroom in truffle oil. I get my meal with a thick slice of bread, some olive oil and garlic and parmesan cheese. The aroma of the pasta was inviting. I take a bite of the pasta and I'm in heaven. The pappardelle (btw my new favorite type of pasta) was tender. The earthy, thick taste of the truffle oil and the mushrooms which by this time have absorbed the essence of the oil and the garlic that was sauteed made such a beautiful marriage. Marriage that happily honeymooned in my stomach. When I was done, the lady on the counter asked me how was everything. My response, "can I get a spaghetti bolognese to go please?" While waiting for my To-Go order I started talking to the lady. Found out that they have been in the area for about two months but have been in business for years supplying fresh pasta to a lot of restaurants and she also told me that they don't buy anything made. Everything that is sold there is freshly made in house the pasta, the sauces, the desserts, of course except the bottled drinks. It's a shame they close at 4 so only lunch hour, folks. But hey!! great, fresh made pasta, and cheap (my entire meal of pasta, ice tea and meal to go was about $18) I am not complaining. I'll just be lunching here more often.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,12/6/2012,98,175,2,11,6>There is a reason this store has 100% 5-star reviews.I went to iRunning for new shoes and was very impressed with the selection of shoes and the customer service. I had the running analysis done and the salesman brought out several pairs for me to try that fit my running form. They all fit well and I wound up leaving with three pairs! What I loved the most about this store was the low-pressure atmosphere. Specialty stores can be intimidating for novice runners like myself, but the employees here very very helpful and would rather have you leave happy and with the right equipment instead of making the most money off of you. The clothing selection is limited, although clothes are not the star of the show in this store. What clothing they do carry, however, they carry in a wide range of sizes which is very refreshing. So many running stores carry only small sizes and forget about those of us who are not track stars (yet).I have not gone on any of their fun runs but I look forward to the opportunity to do so. I see the run group out on South Beach sometimes and everyone seems to be having a blast.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,1/25/2011,144,73,8,12,13>I cant say enough positive things about this place. Finally a cupcake/bakery shop that does it right. You want coffee? They have it and might I add way better than Starbucks coffee. Sammiches? Yep they have those too. Cupcakes? Of course, and be careful, their cupcakes are addicting. This place has it all. I have to say while their cupcakes get my approval the creme brulee is the best I have ever had. They had a maple creme brulee that I had bought to share with my S.O., but I ate it all. Sorry Todd! I recently tried the vanilla bean creme brulee and they use real vanilla bean! Yay sweetness! The consistency was perfect and the granulated sugar topping was perfectly browned. I also tried the whoopie pie yesterday as well and let me tell you they nailed it. Usually bakers put butter creme that's overly sweet and takes over the entire pie, but it was delightful. I will be going back soon for more goodies.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,1/24/2011,1489,1675,21,31,29>Saw the new location so we took a good friend here last night. It is an urban chic decor that is very nice. This location is so much larger than the beach. Orange, white and green colors surround you with a nice wine cellar up against the wall, very clean restrooms, oh my what a great looking place! Yes this is closer for me and I can not contain how happy I am to have this here. We had the utmost pleasure of finally meeting the man himself "Jimmy", wow what a fantastic personable guy. Now this is an owner who not only makes great food but he has everything just right. The service is beyond superb! Really, his staff members are so happy and helpful. So far every single item we have ordered has been above and beyond great! Last night was amazing. Hubby and his friend both ordered the "Churassco Mofongo", oh me oh my this steak was so moist and flavorful. And they offer it daily. woohoo! I chose the "Chicken Portabella with diced potatoes. Moist and perfectly seasoned. How can comfort food be this darn good. When I come here I feel like I am sitting home eating my mom's amazing cooking. All three of us just kept talking about how wonderful our food was. Behind the counter in several coolers they offer many fine imported beers at great prices and the wine selection is very good as well. Most bottles are all in the $20-$30 bottle price range with the highest at $49. Oh then the homemade desserts, wow try some peanut butter cheesecake and raisin bread pudding. What awesome desserts. Jimmy needs to open up a consulting business to help others because he is one of the finest owner's who well just gets it. Make great food, give stellar service, good convenient location, good portions, clean, fun decor and people will come. I will continue to patronize this local business because "YES" it is that amazing! You can not go wrong with any dish, delish! Oh and they deliver to downtown amongst other areas, Score!See you soon!When I was speaking to Jimmy he really made my night, being of Puerto Rican decent, he told me if I give him four to five days he can order me "pasteles". Oh was I happy, happy, and trust me I will be ordering some very soon.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,1/23/2011,563,515,7,10,6>M-bar, located in the Mandarin Oriental hotel, is the martini equivalent of Yardhouse with 250 martinis to choose from their menu. They have a small outdoor seating area that overlooks the bay and the Miami skyline. It is quite the scene at sunset.The service is very classy. The servers are very knowledgeable with the martinis and very quick and efficient with their service.The place itself has a peaceful ambiance where conversing with friends is easily accomplished without any voice raising or shouting unlike other bars around happy hour.Finally, after downing a few drinks, I suggest you take a drunken swim in their heated infinity pool as I did. Maybe, if you are lucky like me, they will leave you a towel.M-bar is first class.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,1/22/2011,723,1088,7,10,10>When I first heard this name, it brought back memories of growing up in another continent, there was a place with the same name that we so enjoyed that I thought for a second that this might be the distant cousin. Not so .... but I was not disappointed either. This was a our go to place for Colombian food many years ago, before other more convenient places opened up in our area. That said, this place has a great Sancocho - a typical soup that will wake up the dead - it is rich, has loads of starchy roots, like potato, yuca and name and comes with a very generous bone with meat !! It is way better than what is sounds like in my dismal description. So here's my suggestion: Go out for a night out on the town, get wasted, don't drink and drive, and when you wake up the next day with a splitting headache, come to el tejadito and have yourself a Sancocho, or maybe just a good old fashioned chicken soup, you'll be glad you did !! Oh yea....and wash it all down with a cold beer - Don't forget to grab a cup of coffee on the way out - Voila !! Your day, just got a whole lot better.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,1/21/2011,365,232,12,15,13>NOW I'M A BELIEVER... Everybody's been raving about the whole food truck trend, and until tonight, I'd never partaken, but now? Now everything is different! Wow! This was the very first Tuesday night "BTTR" food court at 109th and Biscayne Blvd in North Miami. I'd been looking forward to it all day, but after working late, going to the gym, and running to the store, it was 9:30 by the time I made it over there. I half expected it to be completely closed down, but there was just one shiny little food truck still humming away with a happy crowd of kids hanging out--Nacho Bizness. I ordered a veggie taco and a veggie burrito to go. The total? Eight bucks. :) and it was more than enough for one person. I tried the veggie taco first. Everything was super fresh and crunchy--corn, baby yellow squash, some really good black beans, but there wasn't enough spice for me. I should've taken some hot sauce. Then I tried the burrito and that's when I fell for Nacho Bizness. Oh yes, it IS my bizness. Sweet, spicy, smokey...... is that chipotle? It was creamy and hearty and perfect. The right amount of rice, and just crazy layered flavors. I will try the burrito again for sure! Next Tuesday can't get here soon enough. Delicious, cost-effective, convenient, fun! The food truck thing works for me.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,1/20/2011,164,73,15,12,13>Georges in South Miami "I LIKE BIG BUTTS AND I CAN NOT LIE" If you are looking for a quiet brunch this is not the place to go to. I had never heard of Georges when I met up with a few friends for a brunch. I love the vibe of this place, you can go in jeans and a T-shirt, or a cute sun dress and heels; either way you will fit in just fine.  I ordered an omelet with tomato and feta cheese, YUMMY... I also shared banana chocolate pancakes with a friend.  Great Idea on her part... ;) My favorite part of the entire experience was how all of a sudden music blasted through the speakers, and little kids started dancing around one of those kids was on a table. HILARIOUS!!! Love this place, I'll definitely be back....
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,1/19/2011,70,117,24,7,9>Let's put it this way: the burger ruined my panties. My burger had brie and prosciutto. They have mushroom fries, green bean fries, sweet potato fries-why yes, of course I had all of them.Waitress offered a free Brooklyn destroyer, or detonator, or death beer(I have no idea what the name is), first sip of that kicked me in my face.Hell. yes.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,1/17/2011,196,289,8,10,9>I can't really give five stars because it wouldn't seem fair as this is my only physical therapy experience ever!After injuring myself training for a half marathon, my sports doc told me that I needed physical therapy.  Where to go?  I asked a fellow runner in my running group where she was getting her PT.  She mentioned she came here because it was run by the same guy who owns The Runner's HIgh.Well if you're a crazy cult person -- ahem -- I mean runner, you know how people tend to frown on your insistence upon abusing your body by running.  I figured that a PT office owned by a running enthusiasist was the best bet for me to get back in running form.My therapist is enthusiastic about doing just that.  Each session begins with an assessment of my flexibility and my joints followed by pressure point massage on the tense muscles.  He fine tunes my exercises and stretches based on my comments.  After our initial meeting he puts me to work in the open space in the office filled with weird torture devices -- ahem -- I mean exercise equipment such as weight machines, bikes, trampolines, steps, etc.So far so good!  I'm already back to running small increments at a time on a treadmill.  But like most things in life, I am sure you get out of PT what you put into it and I've been pretty dedicated.  I certainly trust this therapist and the rest of the office to get me back into shape.They do take health insurance -- at least Blue Cross Blue Shield at the time of this writing.  From what I've seen of other patients, their clientele is not limited to athletes or runners.There is ample parking in their lot, but it is quite a long drive from downtown!!!  Depending on the therapist, you can get appointments as early as 7 am so that can help with the traffic situation.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,1/16/2011,147,180,6,8,10>Fingernails: have 'em, love 'em, have to make sure they get "did" at least once every two weeks. When I heard about all the new nail services at Rik Rak, I decided to give the place a try. First off, Rik Rak is a busy salon with more to offer than I've ever encountered at any other salon before. Jewelry, clothes, shoes, food, a bar ... what doesn't this place have? Plus, it was packed. The hummm of hairdryers buzzed throughout as the posh ladies of Miami checked in to get their hair and nails done for the upcoming weekend. The staff was very friendly and helpful. My manicurist, Minks, told me all about Shellac, a polish technique from CND that Rik Rak just started offering. Shellac is a special polish/gel hybrid that uses UV light to dry instantly (read zero dry time) and stays on for a minimim of 14 days. And, for $45, it promises not to chip. The whole experience was interesting. First you put a coat on, then you stick your fingers under the light. Then the polish goes on (they have three or four colors to choose from), another trip under the light and then a final coat and tada, you have dry nails that are ready to roll. I'm on day eight and the polish is still going strong. And what goes on, I hear, isn't so easy to get off, which is the only setback. Apparently, the removal process is a tricky one and may require another trip to the salon or some serious quality time with my fingertips dipped in the polish remover bottle. But, hey, for 14 days of polished nails, I'll do what I have to do. My feet, on the other hand (or foot) called for an entirely different service. I opted for Minx. And not just any Minx, metallic leopard Minx, to be exact. Yet again, another cool process. Minx can only be applied by a certified Minx tech. Rik Rak is one of the few salons in Miami that offers the service. The foil-like stickers are heated up, applied to nails and then cut and sealed for a look that's anything but boring old French manicure. It's pricey, but it's def. a conversation piece. Minx requires upkeep every two weeks. Thus far, mine is still on, but little toe looks like it will be the first to go when its time comes. Apparently, Minx requires heat to be removed. But I'm not there yet and I'm not ready to trade in my metallic leopard toes for plain old unpolished ones just yet either.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,1/15/2011,620,350,6,11,7>I've never been so sure of a 5-star rating.This wasn't the kind of meal where the sum of all dishes equated a great meal. Each individual dish was easily 5 stars.For two people, six small dishes were perfect for us. If you're especially hungry, 7 should be sufficient.In comparison to other restaurants, I find Pubbelly to be a more delicious version of Gigi and a more inexpensive version of Sugarcane.We consumed the following and although they were all great, we're going to try our hardest to order a completely new set of dishes next time. I need to try them all!- Pan con tomate: Great appetizer, delicious to munch on in between dishes.- Spaghetti and meatballs: Not your typical spaghetti. Comes with about four large meatballs and a mixture of noodles/bean sprouts. The lemongrass they add to it is almost magical. This one was my favorite.- Bacon-wrapped dates: Better than the ones at Sra Martinez by far. Comes with two large dates. -Salt & Pepper Squid: Tangy with a perfect consistency.- Kimchee and Pineapple Rice: The least exciting of all our dishes in comparison. Delicious take on fried rice, even the chunks of pineapple worked well to my surprise. Comes with a fried egg on top that cooks itself. Makes for GREAT left-overs, even 3 days later.- Duck & Pumpkin Orange dumplings - strange-looking, yet tasty.Regarding booze: During their first week opening, they allowed you to purchase a bottle at the liquor store next store and serve it to you (due to lack of a liquor license). Not sure if this has changed already.I can't wait for my next trip there. The second my husband says, "Let's not cook tonight", I just have to make my newly adopted Pubbelly face -  :}
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,4/1/2010,128,118,6,12,9>"Are you hungry or thirsty?" "Thirsty," we replied. They have a license to serve as well as for retail, which means they can't charge you too much per glass, and you can take home a bottle of whatever you like. She explained the standard is about a 4 times markup, and they do about 2 times markup per glass. But there is always wine on special, the bottles that have a glass or two left over from yesterday. Could be a pino grigio, shiraz, a merlot, a cabernet, anything. $3 a glass. Not too shabby. And one of the glasses I got was just a little more past due than I liked, and she had no problem switching it out for something a touch fresher, but still $3. Naturally, she talked us into some cheese and meat. It's really not that hard though, to sell us on meat and cheese. When it finally came, it looked gorgeous. (See photo.) We got manchego, a gouda, and a sage cheese that looked like a blue cheese but it was green and sage-y. Three kinds of salami, all delicious, surrounded the cheese, and we also got a little dish of olives and a plate of hot toasted bread. It was $15. Maybe I need to get off the beach more, but I was expecting something a little more, howyousay, exorbitant? It was crazy. I'll definitely stop by this little shop again for some tasty little treats and sips.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,3/31/2010,142,214,9,7,9>So hip, so cheesy. Spread it all around. Pizza Volante, be my bezzy.Had the pepperoni.It was divine. Ate my crust with olive oil, like I do it all the time.Coke from a bottle, made with the cane.Sugar that is but refrainfrom getting drunk at lunch cause their wine sections got game!Never underestimate the power of the pie,this pizza will bring a tear to your eye.So hip so cheesy.Pizza Volante is my bezzy.The end.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,3/30/2010,314,746,12,22,14>I LOVE THIS!!!What is better than FREE yoga??? FREE yoga OUTSIDE in a beautiful park in Miami! You get a nice breeze off the bay, you can stay under the pavilion if you arrive a bit early to shield yourself from the sun, the class is at a nice pace, there is a HUGE range of people that participate. It's a very non-threatening environment. You have people that have never done yoga before & you will see some experienced Yogi's that you can aspire to or use to help you figure out what pose you are supposed to be in. This is a great way to get back in touch with yourself, nature, and get fit! I will definitely be adding this to my regular workout routine. Thank you whoever organizes this!!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,3/29/2010,129,287,13,25,15>I have to add my voice to the developing chorus of raves for this local repair company.This morning, while finishing up some laundry, our dryer let out a bang, and then its running got significantly quieter.  It turned out that the drum had stopped spinning...Damn!After a brief and feeble attempt at figuring out what was wrong, I quickly concluded that I was beyond my depth and turned to Yelp for a decent alternative.  Seeing Adriana and Jen's rave reviews for Dade Appliance, I immediately gave them a call.  The operator quickly gathered my information and told me she call back as soon as she knew she had a technician available.  In less than an hour (I'd barely been at work for about 30 minutes), she called saying she had a tech headed to my place.Back home I went, where I met Tony fairly promptly.  He immediately figured out that the belt had snapped, had gotten a replacement from his van, and was swapping the busted one out.But while doing this, he also- Found a shoddy part inside the dryer, and offered to replace it for a very reasonable price (it was a cheap pulley that clearly contributed to the wearing down and eventual breaking of the belt).  - He also helped me replace the terrible ductwork in the back of the unit that was trapping tons of lint and blocking the exhaust from the dryer, killing its efficiency.- Got underneath the whole washer/dryer unit and adjusted the feet, leveling the unit properly so that the washer drum could spin properly.Through all of this, I could tell that he felt a sense of responsibility for not wanting to leave me with a unit in bad working order, and wasn't trying to scam me into spending more money.And the final bill proved this out.  The extras only cost me about $20 on top of the original work order of replacing the belt.These are honest and forthright people who I can fully recommend for any appliance or A/C problem  you might have in your home.It's sad reflection on our society when finding a company like this feels like a major achievement, but regardless, I want to help spread the word.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2009,3/28/2010,106,279,12,9,8>If you are in your late 30s or 40s and looking for a man, let me suggest coming to Maria's. In the period of one hour that my mom and I sat at this restaurant during lunch today, there must have walked in and out five or six groups of at least four to five men each. I think there were more men at this restaurant than at any sports bar on any given Sunday during football season. Not sure what all the men have to do with the food...but I do know the food is good, and the ambiance of the place was great. It's a little cafe bustling with people during lunch time. The place was packed but there was no wait to get seated - if that makes any sense. My mom and I shared the eggplant salad for an appetizer. It is really good here. Served as a dip, as in other places, but it wasn't pasty like humus - I'll definitely be back for more of this. And the pita slices you're served to eat with the dip are delicious. Just slightly toasted and warm, yet oh so soft. We had the moussaka as an entree. I had tried this dish before and liked it - the vegetarian option - Maria's version is not vegetarian, so I didn't like it as much as I had the other one, but this one was still good. I wouldn't necessarily order it again, but if someone wants to share I'll eat the rice and veggies it comes with. Dessert finished off the meal perfectly. We ordered the Greek yogurt with walnuts and honey - so so so good. I had heard great things about Greek yogurt, but I tried it for the first time today. Don't be surprised if I go straight to the supermarket to buy some for mixing at home with the same ingredients - it was so good!!!! hmmm - I want more now! In all the meal was great - I want to give it a five, but every time I click on the fifth star, I just keep clicking back to the fourth - so I'll just have to go back another day and consider an update. Prices: considering we ordered a meal for one (one app, one entree, one dessert, no drink) at $30 it is quite pricey for lunch in this area - but we did share, leave full, and felt each dish was plenty to satisfy us both. Great lunch atmosphere. Great food. Service could have been better - but I couldn't be bothered with that today - maybe that is what's holding me back from the five stars. Nevertheless it was just the water lady that was "eh"... Go to Maria's - it's good... and if you're single, make sure you look nice ;-)
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2009,3/27/2010,115,143,4,8,6>I've lived at my house my entire life and have driven past this place a million times.  The one time I take my fish craving mother out I decided that's it's finally time to stop and test these waters.  The decor was very Flannigans without the tvs and loud people.  The fish is the freshest I've ever seen in Westchester, and the fish dip they start you with is soo good.  I would recommend that when they drop off the fish dip, ask for an order of galic bread asap, then look at the daily catch menu and pick your favorite, each comes with two sides, I had the fries which were nice and crunchy with the coleslaw which was good too.  We both had the tilapia and the steaks that were on our plates were huge!  Nothing like filling yourself on fresh grilled or fried fish.  We skipped desert put the menu suggested a cuban variety of sweets.I can't wait to go back it was very delicious and recommend it to everyone of all ages, don't eat at red lobster, eat real fresh fish at The Fish House.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2009,3/26/2010,471,255,14,18,15>if there's something to be thankful about this grad school final week from hell is that apparently I'm getting really lucky at finding good chinese places.... yes I know what you are thinking and you are probably right, I must've gained like 65437457 lbs eating bc of stress but I'll worry about that next week when its all done.Another crazy night at the labs, another night of take out. Of course everyone turns to Paula for the solution (yeah,  first you guys make fun of me for being a Yelper obsessive but when push comes to shove...) I did some quick search and found Tropical nearby. Most of my colleges ordered the typical dishes (General Tso's etc) and I quickly eyed through the review highlights and read Singapore noodles. Done, that'll be it. When we got there to pick it up I remembered having eaten there at a big family gathering and remembered how good of a place this was (I had actually once attempted to look for this mystery place to no avail), also noting that this place had gotten me hooked on black bean paste after having tried their amazing Tofu with black bean curd. Yes! the night just got a little better. We picked up our food and came back and my god were those noodles the bomb diggity. Super flavorful, not too soggy, not too dry, not too greasy. Just plain ole satisfying good. The spring roll was also quite delectable, except it was miniscule... mental note: order more next time.  Best of all is that I didn't suffer from the Chinese food coma that usually comes after ordering take out and was successful at continuing with my work for a couple of hours. That right there is plenty to ask.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,3/25/2010,151,175,11,17,21>Due to work, I had to respond to the police station to pick up a police report. I arrived at the station and found metered parking directly across the street. The digital meter was not far from my car so it was a breeze finding somewhere to park.I walked in and was met by 2 city employees who asked where I was headed. They were both seated behind a conveyor belt scanning machine. I told them I needed to pick up a report and they told me to place everything in my pockets in a small basket. As I walked through, the male employee returned my items and told me where to go. As I walked to the line, there was only one  records clerk at the window helping a customer.I saw another clerk move towards the glass and she greeted me with a smile and "Hey sweetie, how may I help you?" Now I'm familiar with working for a city at the customer service level. It's extremely ungratifying, mundane work. I told her what I needed and she quickly retrieved the report. She asked me if I needed a notarized copy and she must have read the puzzled look on my face. She told me that most people get the standard copy and told me the prices of both versions. Total price for a 4 page uncertified traffic crash report? 60 cents.  Unfortunately, my hometown is a city that is infamous for having rude customer service. But I am proud to say that the Miami police records department provided excellent customer service and it made for a pleasant experience.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,3/24/2010,64,481,3,9,9>It is just not fair. A place like this and the Buena Vista Bistro within a block of each other and nothing even close in all of Coral Gables. What is wrong with the world, or at least what is wrong with the restaurateurs in Coral Gables???? We went on a miserable, cloudy, sort of cold, late Saturday afternoon. There was only two other groups in the place and they left shortly after we arrived so we were left alone. Despite the weather we still felt that we were (almost) sitting near the Mediterranean. The place is very cute in the typical Greek/Mediterranean sort of way and the patio out back is wonderful. We started with the Turkish appetizer assortment and the grilled octopus. Both were excellent and the octopus was cooked perfectly. The wine assortment is short and light on Greek wines. (We have had some wonderful, reasonably priced Greek white wines dining at Estiatorio Mylos in New York. If they were reasonable there they would be down right cheep at a place like this and they were great with the meal especially if you are sticking with the meze and fish.) The pulled lamb sandwich was good but not great, the lamb should have been pulled quite a bit more. The pieces were very large and on the dry side. Smaller pieces and a bit more of the juice/sauce would have made it excellent. The fries with yogurt were great but get the yogurt on the side, the fries get soggy pretty quick. The interior is very small, on the order of 24-28 seats, most of the seating is on the patio. Take this into account when contemplating a visit. Also the kitchen is minuscule. While our food arrived very quickly, possibly because we were the only people there, I don't know how the service will be if the place is full. The rest of the menu looked very interesting particularly the nontraditional Greek items. We want to head back and try everything, above all, several servings of the walnut and tomato dip.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,3/23/2010,487,145,6,10,8>What an awesome dive bar! I had parked in that lot and walked past this place so many times, never thinking much of it. Well after an experience I had there last week, I see myself going to South Beach just for this bar! The place itself and the crowd weren't moving much until we entered. We were a large party and nobody wanted to deal with lists, waiting at the door, buying bottles at 3 times the price or anything else people love going to clubs for.A jukebox had us singing all night until the Karaoke was turned on and took over. As always, I got hungry and found the food here was actually very good! We went with the South Beach vibe and found ourselves ordering by the bottle, however at a much more reasonable price. We all left extremely content, not only had we just had an amazing evening, but we had found the perfect setting for many more amazing nights to come.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,11/27/2014,398,313,1,4,4>It's been several months since I've been to OTC because I disliked their brunch so much the first time around.  I decided to give them another try today but for happy hour instead! They have a great happy hour menu as most their beers are $2 off and their menu items are $5 each. Their happy hour runs Monday through Friday 4-8pm! At $5 an app, I was expecting very tiny portions. But the portion size is perfect and I was extremely happy with the quality of food!  I tried the frito pie which had melted cheese, avocados and pulled chicken on top of a bed of Fritos. Yum!  I also had their Thai style chicken wings which comes with a small side of Asian style slaw/salad. Awesome! And lastly, I tried the beer battered fish and chips made with their craft beer and comes with a curry tartar sauce on the side! Fantastic! All of the apps really were great! Service was friendly and attentive! I think I have just added OTC to my list of favorite happy hour spots!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2014,11/26/2014,96,79,9,9,7>Ahhh the red bar...This is easily one of the coziest bars in the Brickell area. Its key location in the heart of Brickell, adjacent to the metro station makes for a convenient hangout. They have a slew of board games in the lounge for anyone seeking group entertainment. The bartenders are always friends (especially Alex and Jenny) and the music is always jammin. Always a TON of energy at this place on weekend nights. Lovely seat selections out front, as well. If you live in Camden (the apartment complex attached to the bar), they'll offer you a VP card and welcome you in for a drink anytime.  The drink selection is nothing extraordinary; however the reasonable prices coupled with the superb friendly service from bartenders really puts this spot on the map.Its atmosphere can not go unmentioned. With dim lighting, a life-size Jenga game set, and dark red colored walls, the bar produces a very unique and somewhat mystique aura. Looking forward to hitting this place up to see what they spook up for Halloween!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,11/25/2014,266,84,13,14,12>I will not lie. This place is filled with dark, twisted magic. I made a very deliberate effort this time to really analyze my food. I even made some notes so I would remember the "ehh" about my meal.  Yet here I am, a mere day later, with a memory of the world's yummiest pizza. See? Has to be magic.Let us start....Garlic Rolls- Well, more like garlic with a bread. We ordered them with cheese on top and devoured it. Although my mouth watering is a sign they were delicious, I did make a note to remember saying they were not fresh and the cheese was not gooey.Pizza- Oh dear. Really good. Not the best in Miami, but definitely top 10. It was cheesy and not to saucy and perfectly piping hot. I did note that the size was smaller than it used to be.  Service- I love this place because the service is consistent. You are always greeted at the door, they make conversation while you pay and the waiters and waitresses are always around. Price- You will eat, and eat some more and be so stuffed and then take some home and pay less than $20 dollars. True Story
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,11/24/2014,343,219,9,9,10>This is a very cool bridge. A lot of really good fishing is done and a lot of game gush are caught like the big Tarpon. I have come here and never have left with an empty cooler.Because of a lot of school of different fish run through here you have the change to catch a huge variety of fish throughout  different times of the day and night. I have seen buckets full of yellow tail, jack, lane snappers, groupers. I have always caught huge grunts and a lot of cubera snappers.We have even seen multiple times a huge beautiful golden loggerhead sea turtle that likes to hang out close by. It's absolutely spectacular to see him go up and down and just let the surge take him. We love this pier is very active and great for all time fishing. And at night the stars take over the sky which are absolutely missed in the city.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,11/23/2014,423,372,3,4,7>I found out about the Buzzard's a Roost from my girl Jen S. I have to admit apparently I've driven by the sign a ton of times and Totally missed it. The B's R is just off the beaten path, but those who know about it are all seemingly locals or regular patrons in the know. This a nice restaurant where you can sit out back, prior to or after a day of boating, and eat a fresh & hearty meal. And let me tell you, I sure was ready for a meal once I walked in and saw the specials listed...Coconut Curried Yellowtail Sandwich?!?! Yes please! I'll take 4. Okay, well, one. And not only was the Yellowtail delicious, it was completely photogenic, which made this girl even more pleased. Of course, we had to try the obligatory Lobster Rueben. Holy be-gee-zus! That Reuben was cheesy and lobstery and ruebany and magical(y). Both sandwiches were really spectacular. And don't think those little corn nuggets got away! Yep, we ate those too. Who would've thought to dip then in honey?? Well, whoever did, I too my hat to you! SO glad to have the B's R. New Keys fav!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2014,11/22/2014,138,146,8,9,10>Basil Park = my new favorite place to dine.  I've been to Basil Park twice now and decided to save my review for after I sampled their offerings for both brunch and lunch/dinner.  Like most people out there, I'm trying to eat healthier these days.  But again, like most people, I get lazy - really lazy - and pretty much refuse to plan meals or cook at home for weeks at a time.  Take out options in this area leave much to be desired - pizza, deep-fried "sushi", Chinese food, Latin food.  All very delicious, but eat a steady diet of this stuff and you'll find yourself visiting your doctor in no time.  Basil Park is not your typical restaurant - only wholesome, good-for-you stuff is served here.  Looking at the menu, my smile just grows bigger and bigger at all the grass-fed, cage free and organic options.  I start firing off my order at Ronaldo, our superb Brazilian waiter.  He can barely keep track of it all.  I want the roasted garlic hummus with flax seed crackers and little Greek salad, the sprouted falafel balls with tzaziki sauce, the rotisserie chicken soup, the ahi tuna tiradito, the fish taquitos and a side of homemade sriracha.  Let's wash it down with a peach iced tea.  If you want booze, they have lots of craft beer, wine and prosecco to choose from.  It's tempting to get a mimosa, but I decide to take the weekend off and detox a bit.  As you can see from my photos, each dish is pretty and equally tasty.  Instead of having a heavy hand with the salt shaker or dousing everything in clarified butter, the actual flavor of the food is allow to shine.  Oh damn, that's what a chick pea tastes like!  I had an almost identical brunch experience one morning.  Ronaldo was our waiter once again - super attentive and a genuinely nice guy.  He treats me like he's known me forever and I'm at a dinner party at his house - making sure I'm pleased with every step of the meal.  This time, I opt for the chocolate banana milkshake smoothie instead of the mimosa (very proud of myself) which consists of raw almonds, almond milk, coconut butter, banana and cacao nibs.  AMAZING.  I could have drank two of these things.  For the main meal, I get the veggie omelette loaded with spinach, mushroom, tomato, asparagus and cheese and my hubby gets the poached eggs inside of a halved avocado with a sun dried tomato sauce.  We ordered some fingerling potato homefries for a side dish.  DELICIOUS.  I highly recommend you put down that take out menu and skip the pizza joint tonight.  Do your body a favor and get yourself over to Basil Park STAT.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,11/21/2014,53,159,1,9,7>I finally made it to Kon Chau yesterday for dinner and it was good. This hole in the wall serves up a large variety of dim sum and the usual Chinese fare. Our service was pretty good too. Water glasses were constantly refilled, and our server was very attentive. On this first visit, I tested the waters by sticking to the basics. I started out with the pan fried pork dumplings, steamed shrimp and pork dumplings, and the spring rolls with the assorted meats. Everything was flavorful, but the spring rolls were the stand out. For the main course, we ordered pepper steak and shrimp in lobster sauce. Again, everything had a nice flavor, the beef was tender and the shrimp plentiful. Next time I visit, I will definitely be more adventurous!  I enjoyed it so much, I'm actually thinking of going back for lunch today!Edited 7/29 to add: I returned to Kon Chau for lunch yesterday, and I definitely have some dim sum favorites. They are: Baked Pork buns..they are fresh, and the BBQ pork inside is perfectly seasoned.Fried Shrimp balls...also fresh and you taste nothing but shrimp.Soup Dumplings...this dumpling has a nice gingery flavor.Spring Roll with assorted meats...I'm afraid to ask what's in there, but it's delish! The crust is so flaky and the filling so moist and flavorful.Egg Custard cups...the freshest I've ever had. They are actually served warm. I also ordered the wonton soup and the shrimp in rice noodle. The wontons in the soup were awesome, but the broth and noodles in the soup were pretty much tasteless. Same with the shrimp in rice noodle. All that noodle overpowered the shrimp. Not much flavor there either. This dim sum is here is much better than Tropical Chinese on Bird Rd because everything is made to order and comes out HOT. They don't have any carts rolling through the dining room with pre made items. This place might become a regular hangout for me.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,11/20/2014,238,73,5,7,7>New favorite spot in Miami!! Who doesn't love a place where you can drink, eat and enjoy some classic games such as Jenga, connect four and even scrabble? First time we decided to try the place and and exceeded our expectations. Walking in it feels like your classic bar with booths all around and very low light. The closer you get to the booths you start to notice what makes this place stand out. There are pots with plants in every booth. Very rare and a detail you won't forget. Started off with the blackbird, very good taste only wish it had less ice. With two sips the drink was long gone and I was left with a cooler of ice and a straw. Some drinks contain egg or egg white. Don't let this disgust you. Be brave and try it! Trust me you don't even taste the egg and the drink doesn't smell eggy either. Towards the back there's a section where you can grab a few board games to enjoy as you drink in the company of others. The music variety was good but very loud. After exiting the place our ears were sounding and we could barely hear ourselves speak as we walked to our car
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,11/19/2014,113,636,7,10,11>Bombay Darbar's definitely one of the best Indian restaurants in South Florida, hands-down.  Their food is great, albeit not inexpensive, and draws large crowds.  This can also be a disadvantage, as you may find yourself without a table.  The inside is cozy, but at the same time, tiny.  It is next door to The Cruz Building, a visually stunning building, which may make Bombay Darbar easy to miss while driving.  Parking options include street parking (you may get accosted by a loiterer soliciting money to watch your car, and they can get in your face, so beware), or parking at a nearby Coconut Grove garage and walking to the restaurant.  There is some outdoor seating, but in this summer heat and humidity (with the risk of an occasional shower!), you'll be very uncomfortable.My friend and I arrived after a hot day at Vizcaya, and were dismayed to find that outdoor seating was our only option.  We sat and probably lost 2 lbs. of sweat sitting out there, until finally, a table inside cleared up and we were able to move inside.  Unfortunately, it was pretty hot inside as well, so the relief was barely felt.  I figured I'd order a mango lassi to cool off...except they had run out.  Really? No mango lassi at all at an Indian restaurant? I was offered a can of mango juice instead...and charged as if I had gotten the lassi (hence the 1 star deduction).  My friend ordered the Vindaloo Chicken, while I got the very popular dish of Butter Chicken.  The sauce was rich, thick and flavorful, with an aromatic flavor of tomato, and not as greasy as other versions of the Butter Chicken, while the chicken still managed to stay tender.  Portions were quite good, both of us barely able to finish, and both of us stuffed for several hours.  Ingredients were high quality.  Food could have been a little spicier, but that was not a major issue, just a mere observation on my part.  Were it not for the problematic parking, a problem plaguing a lot of the areas surrounding the Greater Miami area, I would probably be finding myself here at least once a month.  I wish they'd offer a lunch buffet, but I can imagine why they don't, and I cannot imagine how long the lines would be to come and eat.  Still, it'd be great for those of us wanting to eat lunch without paying dinner prices.  One can dream, no?
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,11/18/2014,169,72,4,13,9>Last weekend I was invited to try out this new spot in South Beach - South of Fifth to be exact (SoFi), and I think I have fallen in love. We are always looking for that healthier option for breakfast and lunch that is not only great for your body, but also is quick and doesn't break the bank. SoFi Café is that place for you.This café offers an array of delicious and nutritious foods. I want to start off by telling you about their acai bowls, which are out of this world. I tried two - the Power Bowl and the Ultra Bowl. The Power Bowl is really great for pre or post workouts or even for breakfast. It is filled with acai, bananas and peanut butter, plus they top it off with granola. And then their Ultra Bowl will blow you away. The acai they use is organic straight from Brazil. The consistency is very different from other acai bowls that are icier and not creamy.For those who want something more for the go then you have to try their juice selection. I fell in love with their Life Potion, which has pineapple, orange juice with a hint of strawberry and honey, and to top it off ginger! If you didn't know ginger pretty much helps with everything - cold, stomachache, etc. And for those that love carrot you have to try their Orange Warrior, which has orange, carrot juice, pineapple, and apple. So good.If you live in the area or are just looking from something nutritious and delicious to fill your belly then you have to check out SoFi Café. And for those that live on the beach they deliver up to 41st!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2009,1/4/2010,128,118,6,7,9>Hi Yummy! I feel like we're BFF already. A friend introduced me to this place, which had been sitting in front of my face for about a year. I'd been by a million times, and just was never in the mood for cheap Chinese, thinking of my previous failed experiences, which included greasy stuff that doesn't satisfy. But what's great about Yummy's is that they're equally good at the Chinese as the sushi. The spicy tuna roll is amazing. Special sauciness drizzled on top. The spicy tuna salad is amazing. The spicy tuna hand roll is just enough rice and a ton of fresh tuna. And it's amazing. See where I'm going with this? It's that sauce! Chili/oil/vinegar-ness in just the right amount. For Chinese, the orange beef is ridiculous. Like stop with the delicious already. Fresh oranges, not too sweet sauce, and it tastes like it has fresh orange juice in the mix. The Thai chicken curry was also great, though I was jealous of my friend's orange beef so it was hard to focus. The service is quick and clean, and if you're ordering for pick up or delivery, you won't have any trouble communicating. Each time (and there have been many) the process has been smooth and fast. And that is the end of my Ode to Yummy's. I'm keeping a watchful eye (this might just be a honeymoon period) but until they misstep, i'm a fan.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2009,1/3/2010,73,61,6,6,5>I love this place so much. This is seriously one of the top 3 places I think of when I'm deciding on where to go for lunch on the weekends. If the weather is decent, I strongly suggest you eat outside, although I have cheerfully frozen to death and been rained on just because the food is that good and I'm too lazy to change tables. Everything on the menu looks incredible but I always end up ordering La Minuta, which is probably Italian "frickin delicious fish sandwich". They take beer battered (mmm) mahi mahi and press it between crispy ass focaccia bread, but not before including caramelized onions (they occasionally get a little heavy handed and the sweetness overpowers everything else), cilantro aioli (OMFG), fresh tomatoes and avocado (YEAH!!!). They also have a tomato basil soup that is PERFECTION. The only one that has ever come close to capturing my heart like that is from Gardeners Market, but they only have it a couple of times a week and Uva has this soup whenever the hell you want it. I'll eat a bowl of that shit sitting outside even if it's 100 degrees. That's right people, I am willing to surrender my life to heat stroke, it is so gd good. I mostly go there for lunch but I've been there for dinner once and it's so cozy and romantic. I really like that the staff is helpful but unintrusive so you can enjoy every bite without some over-zealous rookie interrogating you throughout your meal. You just can't fuck with this place. The prices are super reasonable, the service is classy even if you're dressed like a sloppy ass, and the food is infrickincredible.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2009,1/2/2010,110,113,8,12,13>DOG - a Man's best friend...During the holiday's we spend a lot of time with our family.  What do we do?  We just sit around talking, eating, playing games, and just spending quality time together.  For many of us dog's are a part of our family.  A family member.  On this Thanksgiving weekend my mother and I accompanied my sister with her hot dog sized son to this Dog Park that was highly recommended by a friend of ours that runs several veterinarian clinics.  Yes it is far from home, but look at who recommended it...  Yes, there are several Dog Parks closer to us, but look at who recommended it.Off we went for an adventure with my four legged nephew.  My legs started to tremble at first sight because I saw a number of big dogs there but was quickly relived to realize the separation of parks; one side for dogs under 35 lbs and the other for all dogs over. We walked to the entrance gate and saw a sign with Dog Park Rules.  Cute.In the wee little dog section you will find all the typical things found at any good Dog Park; water fountain, trash receptacles with doggie bags for proper doggie bathroom procedure, benches and seating areas for our two legged friends.  This park took it a step further and has a gazebo with benches and tables, obstacles for dog's like a slide and jumping areas where your dog can jump over or through objects, a concrete trail that takes you around the park for a nice walk, and shaded tree areas for picnic blankets (if you like).Rocky had a great time sniffing, chasing, licking, running, laying, catching, jumping, barking, eating, and socializing with his friends this Thanksgiving.  This is definitely a treat for your dog and a great way for you to show your dog how thankful you are for their unconditional love!!!  I am stunned, impressed, and proud that there is a Dog Park of this stature in my hometown!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2009,12/30/2009,211,268,7,12,10>I think I have a new favorite spot! I went last night for the official art walk after party. I had a great time love the venue. Very small with a balcony for bottle service which is kinda cool keeps you out of crowd. The place is very nice I was expecting it to be a little more rugged since its in Wynwood. Very nice large patio outside with dj spinning inside Afrobeta was performing which is always a good time! If you go notice the two amazing paintings on these massive metal doors that my good friend Jonny Robles did cam out great. I think im going to be a regular here. Oh their acclaimed "jungle juice drink wasn't all that. Besides that great sevice moderate prices good venue great crowd good times (Borat voice)Ok I havent eaten here I didnt even know they offered food :/ but apparently the food is pretty tasty!Cafeina, the brainchild of owner Ivette Naranjo, has been realized by designer Pepe Calderin. The lounge will merge the worlds of art and nightlife, boasting a 1,560-square-foot lounge and mezzanine styled in a warm manor-esque décor. Adjacent to the main room is a 1,000-square-foot art gallery, with an accompanying 5,000-square-foot garden for outdoor exhibits. Nestled a few doors down from Purvis Young Studios in the heart of the Wynwood Art District, the art gallery-lounge hybrid will be the new spot for the intellectually-curious.Cafeina is slated to be the first venue launched in the neighborhood with a full liquor license. Aside from the classic martini, signature cocktails using coffee as the main ingredient pay homage to the lounge's name and will keep guests caffeinated into the early hours of the morning. Executive Chef Guily Booth, whose crab cakes were recently heralded by Martha Stewart as "the best she's ever had," will satisfy patrons' palates. Other items on the tapas style menu include: Miniature Kobe Burgers ($11), Tuna Tacos ($13) served with pomegranate mayo, and Shrimp Lollipops ($12) in a passion fruit marinate. "Wynwood Art District has become Miami's version of the 'SoHo' reincarnation. Each new restaurant, gallery and shop that opens here adds character to the area and breathes new life into Wynwood. Cafeina is another piece of that puzzle," says Naranjo.Got that info from examiner.com
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,12/29/2009,620,350,10,10,9>Now THAT'S a sandwich.Not knowing that The Alibi was inside of Lost Weekend, it was a bit of a surprise expecting to be entering a restaurant but getting ID'ed at the door and entering what turned out to be a pretty damn cool bar.My friends all ordered Po Boys and seemed to really enjoyed them. I ordered the Southern Star which includes pulled pork, vinegar and hot sauce on a bun. This thing was so huge it fell apart two bites in. This totally worked out though, as I was able to dip in the remaining pieces into their amazingly delicious spicy mayo.Unfortunately, they didn't have any forks or knives to make this process easier. Big ass sandwiches + little girl hands = pleaseee get some cutlery! :)Ordered some Truffle fries on the side which were also fantastic. I can't imagine coming here and being able to resist trying one of their many fry options.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2009,12/28/2009,1489,1675,16,21,20>No reservations, no problem, the very lovely hostess was ready to seat us, then I asked if we could have a booth. She stated it would be about a ten minute wait. Well worth the wait. Grabbed some cocktails and enjoyed a nice conversation as the wait was no longer than ten minutes. The decor is dark, perfect dim lighting, casual not stuffy at all. Lot's of patrons were in the bar area as Happy Hour was winding down. We sat at a lovely booth, very comfortable. Our waitress (Letizia) greeted us, told us about the specials for the evening and took our wine order. She came over with our bottle and decanted it for us. Delightful!Started with french onion soup and a Fleming's house salad- hubby had such a hard time eating the french onion soup, as the cheese was so fresh and abundant that it was stuck all over his face with every bite.....How good was it? The bowl was empty at the end of his fiascal.......Of course I wanted to hide under the table, from embarassment....hee heeMy salad was delish, fresh greens, crisp, walnuts, cranberries, in a light vinaigrette dressing.Entree:Originally I was gonna order a Filet Mignon but Letizia mentioned a special which included a small Filet and Grouper combo. Two of my fav's....so this is what I choose. $40.95 cooked medium rare, juicy, tender, good flavor, good cut of meat with fresh green beans in some kind of a soy sauce. The grouper had a light batter and was deep fried (two pieces). Grouper was good and fresh, not fishy at all, nor dry. Could have done without the batter, and just grilled but it was still good. Hubby ordered the Prime Ribeye- no bone in medium, very juicy and tender. Surprising to my taste I did like his steak. Minus the fat....It seemed to have alot of natural juices flowing, awesome......Always enjoy their steaks because they do not over season them. They do not mask the natural flavors of a well cooked steak.To full for dessert, so we finished our wine and ventured off.The wine list is excellent. The service was impeccable. We so enjoyed our waitress Letizia. She mentioned it was only her second week and she was professional, friendly, and alot of fun. Always ask for a booth or make reservations, much more intimate and comfy.Great Happy Hour specials!!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2009,12/27/2009,257,180,11,13,11>The infamous "Gables/South Miami" Five Guys has finally opened! I can only comment on takeout as we chose to pick up our food and eat it at home so that we could finally drink our large Fin Du Monde bottle along with it as they do not serve beer in house. So, with that said..... This new location was SLAMMED last night at 7PM. We had to wait about 30 minutes for our order, but its okay because we had some peanuts while we waited. (Note: Parents with children who have peanut allergies, this is NOT a place for you...peanut oil is used and peanuts are free and eeeeverywhere in the restaurant. If you choose to come, definitely bring the epi pen along =/ ). The staff was friendly, albeit a little flustered perhaps because of the masses, but all in all they did well. The location itself is decorated just as other Five Guys' are and there's seating for maybe about 40-50 people inside. Once we got home, we discovered that the wait was worth it. We shared a bacon hot dog which was butterflied and grilled perfectly, and I had half of a bacon cheeseburger because I could not finish the rest. The fries were also great. Now, the only other time I had eaten at Five Guys before was after the SoBe Food and Wine Festival and at that moment, I thought that Five Guys was the BEST BURGER EVEEEEEEER. Last night, I realized that perhaps the alcohol freely flowing through my veins is what had me saying that. The burgers here are definitely good, but not the best as it is not a fresh patty. The patty is not frozen, but its definitely not a handmade patty...that's what I am trying to say. So its tasty, but to me, it doesn't have that homemade taste which I love. Now, for $5 and change for my burger and $2 and change for the fries, this place blows fast food chain burgers out of the water! I would definitely come here for a quick  and yummy burger + fries over any of those other places any day.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,12/26/2009,34,125,4,10,5>As far as Bikram goes, I already drank the kool aid.  I'm there.As for this studio...I've been to studios all over the US and a couple in Europe.  Nice looking ones, "city" ones (little more grungy) and run down ones.The best studios have the best people.  There need to be teachers that have energy and students that are devoted (committed?).  This studio has both.  The vibe is good and the studio is nice.The other advantage to this studio is location.  You can take a class on Saturday morning and stumble across the street to the 11th Street Diner that actually has some health conscious breakfast selections if you care about that kind of thing.  Or go where ever.A big caution is parking.  Sunday afternoon seems to be the worst.  I've been burned by not finding a parking spot even with 40 minutes to spare.  I've learned to take the bus.  However, weekday evenings and mornings aren't too much of a problem.  Be careful that most of the north side of 11th street is a loading zone on Monday, Wednesday and Friday mornings.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2009,12/25/2009,211,164,3,6,6>Can't believe no one reviewed this restaurant!  Located in downtown Hollywood, Fulvio's is the best Italian restaurant  in Fort Lauderdale.  They have a variety of homemade recipes that will amaze you...especially the homemade meatball!The restaurant appears to be family run so the service is attentive.Although the restaurant is small, the decor is very upscale, flickering electric candles on the tables, low lighting, comfy booths and large french doors overlooking downtown Hollywood. They have seating both indoors or outdoors.If you are going on a holiday, Mother's Day or Valentines Day, you might want to make reservations as it can get crowded. This spot is excellent for a romantic dinner with that special someone, or for a weekend dinner with the family.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/22/2009,12/24/2009,48,52,7,4,3>Remember Karma?  (The restaurant, not the cycle of cause and effect)  Karma has reincarnated as Bijan's Burgers.  The interior and the staff seem to be the same; only the menu has changed.The menu fits on one side of a menu jacket and is quick and simple.  They could stand to offer some more choices.  It's all American fare (burgers, dogs, fries) with some Colombian variations.I ordered the Colombian burger.  While waiting for our burgers, we were treated to the entire discography of Creedence Clearwater Revival.  Every place has its quirks, I know, but I found this one particularly amusing.  About when I was beginning to think we would run out of things to talk about, our food finally showed up.The burger was very tasty.  That was where all the stars come from.  The steak-cut fries looked great but were unsalted.  Why do some restaurants not salt their fries?  Is it to create a (false) impression of caring for the health of their customers?  The trivial amount of salt normally present on fries is just that--trivial.Our server was okay, but just kind of absent and clumsy.  Not that I look down on this sort of thing, but I think today was his first time smoking chronic.Karma seems to have a lot of servers and (I'm guessing) not enough people in the kitchen.  Burgers and dogs are assembly-line fare, right?  I noticed the group at the table next to us was frustrated with the wait time as well.  This could be a killer because people expect fast food--especially in the Gables business district--to be fast.If this restaurant folds again, they should consider changing their name from Karma to Samsara, lol.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,4/5/2012,141,176,3,5,4>was doing the art walk thing when suddenly I smelled something amazing in the air... it was smokey, warm, very inviting... was it the food trucks, I thought?  I think it's coming from inside this place... I kept trying to follow the scent as these people in the window were watching me wander back & forth... my friend and I decided it was a good time to grab a drink anyhow so we ventured in.  Wood reminded me of a cool little joint in NYC that I loved... it was homey with an edge...warm dark colors make it very cozy... it's also a good sized place without being overwhelming or too cluttered and I found a seat at the bar on a Saturday!  but believe me there were streams of people coming in and out at all times...it was almost always the perfect ratio of people in there to make it fun and lively without the clausterphobia. and what a great mix of music, an eclectic mix of Korn to Air... rock, transient, grunge, lounge, but never too loud...always just right and keeping me saying in-between conversation "I love this song!"I grabbed a Hoegaarden, which I was pleased they carried a Belgian White as they are my beer of preference, and my friend grabbed some cool named micro brewed variety but the name escapes me.  This is the kind of drinking oasis I seek everywhere....... cool ambience withoutbeing pretentious and too clubby or teeny bopperish.  dressy casual was mostly what I saw in there ..it was art walk night though so everyone looked good and girls were toughing it out in their high high heels (god bless them)..definitely a bit of a NY feel here which is probably why I loved it so.... they also had these cool skullies at the bar that I so wanted to pocket... cozy, just a touch of edge, cool, loungy, ambient  ...you'll love it!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,4/4/2012,165,258,6,11,8>Last night, after a change in our evening plans, Ritch and I found ourselves wandering around an unfamiliar neighborhood with a familiar pang:  Time for a cocktail and food.  When the weather is good and one's legs are long, circling an area to see what restaurants look interesting doesn't take long.  However, we were not visually stimulated by anything in the area.  Too bright.  Too dead.  Too touristy.  Finally, with the need for a cocktail running high, we went into El Rancho Grande with the thought of a margarita and further discussion about our dining choice.  Mexican food was not on the menu.  That was true until the bartender mentioned the special:  Poblano and lime marinated rib eye served with garlic potatoes and green beans.  I was sold.  We began with the guacamole, made table-side.  It was good and fresh, and made me consider ordering a second.  (Thank you, Yelp, for our 25% off our order!)  I am glad we didn't as the rib eye and Mexican Parrillada (billed as enough for two) arrived and filled our table with deliciousness.  To the point, we left full and have a fridge full of food for today.  (Special kudos to the green beans which were perfectly al dente.)  Our server Michael was friendly and helpful, and kept the margaritas coming.  (Smart guy!)  The owner came over to ask about our experience, and chat for a bit.  We had good things to say, and our only criticism had to do with the lighting (too bright) and the music (too soft).  However, we had nothing but praise for both the food and service.  (NOTE:  Mouthwash provided in the Men's Room...very smart, particularly after the garlic-laden dishes I had.  I left with freshly washed hands and fresh breath.  Classy touch, El Rancho Grande!)When in the area again, we will definitely stop by El Rancho Grande.  As for now, I will just stop by my fridge where the fiesta continues.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,4/3/2012,147,180,7,8,7>It all started with the truffle butter. You know if the butter for your pre-meal bread is this good, the rest of the experience is going to be top-notch. And it was. I absolutely fell in love with the sweet potato gnocchi. Letting the gnocchi linger just a bit too long on the fire gave it a crunchy shell bursting with flavor. The roasted potato mash was equally delish with a smoked flavor that kept me coming back for more and more and more. And just when I thought my carb card was full, a little something called Baked Patagonia made its debut at the table. Think of it as basked Alaska, but better. It's sweet, savory and completely sinful. But the food isn't the only standout at The Dining Room. The place is also just as cute as it can be. Not a large space, instead it's an intimate, cozy dining experience, not unlike your own dining room. If only the chef from Ola designed your home-cooked meals, too. A beautiful chandelier hangs above, while family photos adorn the walls. The staff is friendly and attentive, making it a come-back-for-sure spot.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,4/2/2012,95,80,6,12,9>Kork Wine and Cheese used to be a bomb shelter! Now, just this tidbit of information ups their "cool factor". There is nothing better than knowing you're experiencing a bit of history... with its dimly lit medieval décor, downstairs cellar, and live jazz I was in the epitome of utopia!Don't let its sketchy downtown Miami location fool you... this place is a hidden gem! So hidden in fact, that my GPS couldn't find it. We went on a Saturday night, got a table downstairs in the cellar, and ordered a bottle of wine and cheese and meat platter. The live jazz started at 8:30pm... the music was also fabulous. The server was very helpful with our bottle selection. We told him exactly what we liked and he knew exactly what to give us. We were very impressed with this wine connoisseur! We ended up having their Spanish "Turn me Sweet" wine: it's a fruity, red, sweeter-styled Tempranillo with flavors of berries, dark sweet cherries and a hint of vanilla. It's very mild and smooth finish and has a fruity and juicy aftertaste. Amazing!The date couldn't have been better: great company, service, music, food, and wine. I wish all my nights were as flawless and wonderful as this one!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,4/1/2012,444,433,7,7,7>How is it that I only just discovered this little SoBe gem?!Happy hour from 5 til 9 pm? Unheard of! A decent selection of beers and some house wines for $4/each. (I can recommend the Breckenridge Agave Wheat beer.) Beyond the HH menu, there is a wider selection of beverages behind the bar as well. Very chill. Our little group were the only ones there around 7 so we just sat out on the porch and chatted. I can't wait to come back next Tuesday to check out Trivia Night! We were all wondering what "Abraxas" actually means so I looked it up and figured I'd share because I'm a dorky random info aficionado. :)ABRAXAS: a word of mystic meaning in the system of the ancient Gnostic religion. The 7 letters spelling its name represent each of the 7 classic planets--Sun, Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. It was engraved on certain antique gemstones, called Abraxas stones, which were used as amulets or charms. The word may be related to Abracadabra, although other explanations exist.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,3/31/2012,218,210,5,14,6>Some people eat to live. I live to eat and Juvia...Juvia has brought me back to life. There are hundreds of top shelf restaurants in Miami, but Juvia's exquisite presentation, bold ingredients, and artful flavors are miles above everyone else. Easily the best dining experience and sexiest atmosphere I've ever encountered in Miami -- and honestly, maybe anywhere. I can't say enough about this place other than: do yourself the favor and go.  If only I could give this ten stars ....
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,3/30/2012,178,264,9,11,11>I have been waiting and waiting for a Cheese Course location down south, and am thrilled to report the Pinecrest location is open for business!  They only recently opened and on my visit this past Friday they had not yet obtained their liquor license.  I inquired and they confirmed that until they have their license you can BYOW to enjoy.  I agree with Patrick, it's too bad they couldn't find a location with a patio.  They have made the inside spacious and less crowded than some of the other locations.  I love the big wood farm house table in the front of the restaurant.  The sandwiches and salads seem to be a mirror image of the other locations.  I tried the American Greens salad with grilled chicken on my visit and it was delicious and fresh.  I love to order a sandwich and add a salad, then split the dish with a friend.  I am also working my way through the cheese courses, if only there were more hours in the day.  They had a few samples out to try that day and many gourmet cheeses for sale.  I saw an employee making a gorgeous cheese tray platter "to go", I can ensure you your guests will be impressed if you serve one at your next party.Welcome to the neighborhood Cheese Course, see you soon and often!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,3/29/2012,164,73,10,15,14>Yuzu FroYo FTW!!! I am completely obsessed with Yuzu, I love everything about this place.  It takes me back to living in Cali and having a Pink Berry in every corner. I love having Yuzu so close to home. My favorite flavor by far is their lychee flavor, but it is a seasonal flavor so they don't have it all the time. I am looking forward to the summer, they better bring it back. I love the fact that every time I go to Yuzu there is another flavor to fall in love with. However, certain flavors are always there like vanilla and chocolate. I have fallen in love with many flavors along the way including lychee, pumpkin spice, peach/mango tart, and many others. They also have tons of toppings from natural fruit to Oreos they have something for everyone. The girls who work there are extremely friendly and helpful. If you use your yelp app on your phone CHECK-IN there is an added discount. Yummy!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,3/28/2012,142,62,7,11,9>After trying out many different bootcamps through different coupon sites, I have finally found the perfect one for me. The workouts are challenging and ever-changing, keeping me entertained and motivated. The people are awesome, they really make you feel like you're part of a family and are always there to root for you and encourage you to do the best you can do. The location is very convenient and the facilities are clean and include different equipment used for an even better workout. They offer many different times as well, with one morning class, and 4 nightime classes to choose from. Unlike other bootcamps, the monthly payments are very affordable and you're able to pay per month which is definitely a huge plus. I could go on and on about Bring It Bootcamp, I'm super happy to have finally found the place for me. Aside from the benefits of losing inches and dropping pounds due to the amazing workouts, I could also say that I've gained friends there and I'm always excited and happy to go back regardless of how intense the workout might be! Thank you Bring It Bootcamp!!!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,3/27/2012,415,166,13,12,11>I never thought that the 2nd week Id be dating someone they'd be in the hospital for the entire time..making the whole "getting to know you" process a tad more interesting...and extremely sanitized.Nevertheless, hospitals make me uneasy- cold everywhere, weird smells, nurses in and about everything, the fear of hearing the constant beeping suddenly stop or accelerate and every medical drama you've ever watched goes flashing through your mind.When the BF was in the hospital for a week, the staff was top notch. TOP NOTCH. They not only cared for him and his well-being, but insured that myself and other overnight guests were taken care of  and attended to. Always a warm smile, gentle touch, and round the clock service.. I never had to wait to long for a nurse or LPN and they were always so helpful...and honest. When things were bad, they explained it in a way that didn't have me racing to the window, parachuting my way out of the situation while throwing up deuces in the air, and wishing Oz farewell.  They are so well trained- it was extremely comforting.This is definitely a place I would want to be routed to in the event of an emergency.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,8/23/2012,235,198,6,8,6>I love this place. Okay so I am a frosting freak & their frosting is wonderfully delicious! Yummm I think I'm going to go over and get some when I am done with this review... Okay so frosting check...The place is super cute always clean. The staff is super friendly, and always giving tips to boost up an order of either a cake, cookies or cupcakes. I ordered my cake for my baby shower, and it came out so adorable! We explained what we wanted and she gave us tips, on what would look good, what wouldn't, what she thought would make the cake look cuter, and etc. she took her time. Love. Love. Love.  Half of it was chocolate and the half was vanilla, & the cake was gone in less than 5 minutes. The only thing I do not particular like is that their mini cupcakes are trulyyyyy mini, but I guess that can be considered a good thing if you do not want to overindulge in sweets. The cake pops which I have only tried the golden oreo, is spectacular. Oh my gosh it is yummmmmyyyy ;) Any who, they also sell coffee, soda, tea, water, and decorations for cupcakes, and etc. to buy separately. Overall, I love this place, and I'll be coming here rather than Misha's...
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,8/22/2012,85,82,6,12,6>Even though when many people think of this place, they think of the little beach, there is so much more to it. The actual park surrounding it is absolutely breath taking. I have officially found my new picnic spot.One thing you have to know is that this place is huge! When you first come in, to your right hand side (before you pass the visitor booth where you pay) is the cutest little area with the cutest little shelter (the nicest I've seen in Miami) a great walking trail, a lake, restrooms and beautiful oak and palm trees. You can go to it without paying the 6 bucks to get into the rest of the park (where the beach and Red Fish Grill is) even though 6 bucks is a good deal.There is a little man made beach in front of the actual bay which has a breath taking view of the Miami skyline. At night, this view is perfect. The little beach itself is nothing out of this world,  little dingy if you ask me. But the water looks pretty clean since I think it comes in fresh from the bay and there are plenty of picnic tables and sand to lay out on, it's a very small area so it's great to take kids in order to keep an eye on them, I'd definitely prefer Miami beach though. Red Fish grill is also literally right next to it, and the place is amazing, only open for dinner I believe, but it's a beautiful place with a great view and awesome food.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,8/21/2012,619,794,23,15,16>About a half dozen of us ended up here after attending a game at Marlins Park to have some drinks and sing karaoke.   I've driven past this bar lots of times, but never thought twice about stopping in.  I'm not sure why, because when you look up the definition of "dive bar", I'm sure there's a color photo of this place posted as "exhibit A", and it's the kind of bar I love:  Unpretentios, completely laid back and a "come as you are" kind of place where you can walk in wearing a scruffy t-shirt, a busted pair of jeans or shorts and a 3 day growth on your face and no one would think any less of you.  Actually, even in that condition you might be one of the better styled people here!Seven Seas is not huge inside; it's dark, dank, there's an eclectic collection of "stuff" hanging on the walls and from the ceilings and it's packed full of characters and unpretentous people who just want to drink, maybe sing some karaoke and have a good time.   There's a pool table off to the side, a room at the back with paintings and photos of bare breasted women on nearly every wall, and cheap drinks.... Double rum & Cokes were $5 each.  My favorite story of the night:  I was using the urinal in the not so large restroom, and this kid walks in and asks to pass behind me so he can get to the toilet in the next stall.   For some reason in my buzzed state, I though it would be fun to tell him that I could move in and let him pass as long as I didn't "stop the stream", because the girl I was with out front gave me some wretched disease and it burns really bad when I try and cut it off mid stream.  He started giggling and thought it was funny as hell.   About 30 minutes later, the same scenario happened again...I go to the urinal, am peeing away and this same kid enters and asks to pass, and starts laughing when he realizes it's me.  I said "Dude it's not funny!" and I started singing out "SHE GAVE ME AN STD!!!", and just then, as if on cue, this salty old guy in his 70's sticks his head in the restroom door and starts singing backup, and then singing "She gave me an STD" in harmony with me.   The guy in the stall couldn't see who was singing backup and he yelled out "WTF?  Who the hell was THAT??"  and was laughing uncontrollably by that point.  One of those hilarious WTF moments that one can't easily re-create and that could only happen in a bar as eccentric as this one.   I'm a fan, I'll be back!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,8/20/2012,137,64,11,6,8>I've been trying to ride my bike to work as much as the weather allows me. It's healthy and helps me squirrel away money for the imminent Zombie Apocalypse. Not that money will do anyone any good when the financial markets collapse because the infected stop showing up to work, but it'll buy me supplies now that will come in handy then. An often overlooked component of Zombie preparation is transportation. As the population becomes infected, cars will become literal roadblocks. Even if you manage to secure a steady supply of fuel, you're going to increasingly run out of places to use it. Maneuvering around abandoned vehicles will be as much of a challenge as avoiding attack(from the infected and other survivors). Motorcycles don't use much gas and can weave their way through a maze of cars, but they're just too darn loud. Everyone, living and un-dead, will hear you coming from a mile away. They'll know where you are before you know where they are, making you an obvious and easy target. No thanks! Stealth will keep you alive and a good-old bicycle offers just that. Zombies won't know you're coming and they won't be able to keep up with you once you pedal past them. There will be times where you won't have your bike.  But you'll still need to elude your staggering former neighbor. The riding that you have been doing will have you in good enough shape to keep a healthy distance between life and death on foot. Not only will a bike get you silently from one safe spot to another, but you'll be exercising at the same time. Killing two zombie birds with one stone. A bicycle is the right choice for me during the Zombie Apocalypse, and it will probably be the right choice for you too(if you survive the initial outbreak, chances are you won't *sadface*) That's why I ride this lovely bike path between 87th and 107th avenues. It's clean, quiet, keeps me away from Miami's dangerous drivers, and prepares me for the inevitable battle for the survival of the human species against Zombies(which ironically will probably be a byproduct of genetic experimentation in an attempt to curb overpopulation).
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,8/19/2012,1127,496,11,18,13>With two pups, I am always searching for parks to take them, so they can release some of that pent up energy and not tear up the house lol.My buddy recommended Snyder Park, and although it was a drive, the thought of a dog lake was enough for me to check it out.They have two separate areas. The regular dog park part has obstacles, wide open field and a kiddie pool should you want to wash your pups. They also separate it for small and big dogs. We went on a Sunday and it was pretty empty - only 3 other dogs there.Then there is the lake. seemed like a great idea till I realized there was no damn way my dogs would jump in. What a bummer. I will admit I was a big jealous as owners threw chew toys into the lake and their dog got a running start and belly flopped into the lake to retrieve the toy. WHY CAN'T I HAVE NORMAL DOGS!! lol I ended up putting on of them in the lake and she seemed to like it somewhat. Deff plan to go back to toss them in. There was like 9 dogs around the lake, and even saw a turtle swimming around!Parking is $1 an hour. Make sure you pay it as we saw them giving tickets to those who hadn't.*A word of advice - there are ALOT of pit-bulls in the park. I personally have no problem with them, and they interacted with my dogs playfully - and in some cases flirty ;D - but I know for some people that could be uncomfortable. Pits get a bad wrap. They are super smart, strong and playful. GREAT PARK! Super clean and alot of fun! Deff something to wag your tail about :)
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,8/18/2012,170,440,6,10,9>We went here with friends for dinner.  The place is very nice.  We really enjoyed the waiting area which is filled with old black & white pictures of famous movie stars.  It was a nice conversation piece to enjoy with others waiting as well. The place is very well kept.  Service was good too.  Even thou I did enjoy my meal, I do feel it is a bit expensive compared to portion.  Everything is a la carte and sides are really not that big enough to share between two (unless you are not really that hungry)  I believe that the only one good enough to share is that of mash potato.  My meal was Seared Sea Scallops, it was approx 6 pcs on top of a delicious creamy roasted red pepper, thyme, coriander and corn relish - $24.00 - this was good (i have to say I have had better seared scallops - most recently at Trulucks) My hubby had Seared, Blackened Mahi with cajun spices, drawn butter, roasted cippollini onions and grilled peppers - $21.00 - ok portion size for 1 person We had to also purchase a side of mashed potatoes - $4.00 - this was served in a small bowl that even thou it was enough for 2 im sure either one of us could of eaten more...Also went with the side of Red Skillet Corn Bread - $3.00 - this was a small round serving of what i do have to say a very tasty butter corn bread.  Which again I split up to share between all 4 of us.... that was a tiny bite for each! Total cost of each meal w/sides - Mine - $27.00 / Hubby - $24.00 And we were actually still able to leave and each have a delicious ice cream cone at a near by ice cream shop!!!It was a nice place, enjoyed the food and atmosphere.  but gotta say enjoyed the company MUCH MUCH MORE!!!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,8/17/2012,62,129,6,10,7>[Visit of today, July 23, lunch]  Calypso is one of those local, long-established independently-owned restaurants where you are likely to find some things to be unique and surprisingly good. That is what it's been known for some 20 years now and it still delivers surprises and consistent quality in the food. For lunch, my daughter and I had the Conch Chowder and Pepperpot soups for starters. My daughter loved the chowder. My soup was good, a thickened broth replete with chards of various meats (beef, chicken, lamb, I think). It wasn't as peppery as I remembered it from previous visits and there's one misstep that I'll go over in my brief negatives paragraph. The codfish cakes my daughter ordered were surprisingly good. My mother-in-law makes a Torta de Platano with bacalao (saltcold - the same) and it's, well, indigestible. I even tried to talk my daughter out of ordering the codcakes, but she is a teenager, you know. It's a good thing she didn't listen to me this time. Kudos to Calypso for making an odd food very good. I tried the special Shrimp and Scallop Burger; a patty that overwhelmed the 4 inch bun of diced shrimp and scallops packed together using a light - make that invisible - egg white breading. It truly is a "burger", not a "cake someone called a burger". I estimate a good 6 ounces of pure protein on that, with scallops predominating. Compliments to the chef for creating a superb signature dish. A spicy mustard sauce compliments the burger and the generous helping of pidgeon peas and rice spiked with the basil mustard sauce I requested precluded any idea of desserts. It says they make their own and there is a long list on the chalkboard of sweets.And that long list is the first negative; the menu is huge. As a consultant, the first thing I'd do is print out the sales mix and start targeting items for extinction. There's no need for 20 proteins and 100 recipes in an 80-seat restaurant. Congrats nonetheless to the chef for keeping up the quality with the high road laid before him by him. My advice; make life easier. Life's too short.The second negative is the chef's lost shaker of salt. Only the salt-cod - which comes salted - had anywhere near enough salt. There wasn't enough salt in the burger to bring all the flavors together. I added more salt but a layer of salt on the outside doesn't replace seasoning throughout the preparation and cooking process. As for satisfying the no-salt Pompano Beach crowd, the no-salt fundamentalist customer is the one customer you should have the least passion for pleasing while creating recipes. If a person can't eat salt, it's their problem and they have to tell their server so the server can guide them to items that are made a la minute and can be salt-free or lightly salted. The only other negative is an observation of another Yelper, James F., who I soundly disagree with. The complaint that something isn't "authentic" is a meaningless complaint. As Marqus pointed out, the lack of "authenticity" can be a good thing. I sense the whole 2-star review was based on his difficulty with getting separate checks printed out. And, to be honest, separate checks mean "I don't like who I'm dining with so therefore it's your problem. Make sure his iced tea isn't on my tab!" Enough said. Add a little salt, keep up the good work and great ideas, Calypso. Great independent eateries like yours add spice to the culture of the area.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,8/16/2012,149,131,6,9,8>Couldn't have been any happier with Yardbird. Sad it took us so long to try it out but now we have a new fave on the beach..Came here twice in two days while on a recent stay-cation close by. Made it for Happy Hour on the first visit. We sat at the bar and tried their famous Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade and their Kentucky Mule (which was the HH cocktail that day and only $5). Both were served in mason jars and top notch. The kind of drink that you sip slowly and will last an entire meal. This, coming from a girl with a serious tendency to slurp drinks down and then want three more. We also had their Deviled Eggs - best of my life (Lake Meadows organic eggs with fresh dill and topped with smoked trout roe which they referred to as "redneck caviar").  LOVED them! It was hard to resist not ordering more food but since we had dinner reservations at STK later that night we refrained.However, the very next night we were BACK!  They are open till midnight on weekdays - we arrived around 11:30 (sat at the bar once again) and were handed the special late-night menu. Slight disappointment at first but it surely faded as soon as our food arrived.This time we had the Fried Green Tomato BLT which came with three mini non-sandwiches, Chilled Watermelon and Deviled Eggs (again!) We were also given the Housemade Charcuterie Board on the house - I'm guessing someone must have sent it back but we were more than happy to be the recipients. It was actually all very filling  - we tried to resist devouring it all since we had pool party plans at the Surfcomber the following day and had vowed to eat healthy but oh well, what can ya do right? I'm in love! On our next visit(s) our must haves include the corn three times, whole roasted sweet Georgia onion, fried chicken and the chicken under the brick. Yardbird had made it's way into my top 5 Miami restaurants and I'm looking forward to many more great meals to come!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,8/15/2012,57,162,10,11,9>You won't have to order the same thing here, even if you come here every day for a month, so big is the menu.  There is alot to choose from.  From my small sample size of me and two lunch mates, I conclude that everthing is probably pretty good.They have specialty sandwiches, wraps and salads, which means they tell you what's in them so you don't have to think about it.  I ordered a turkey sandwich off that list, although I don't remember what name they gave it.  You can also put together your own ingredients, and they'll make it for you.The turkey sandwich was very good.  Fresh thinly sliced meat, fresh bread, tasty bacon pieces and a thousand island dressing that was certainly not from a bottle.They also feature a basket "fries of the day", and on this day it was curry fries.  This intrigued me.  It was a heaping basket of fries that we could not polish off.  It had a nice creamy curry dipping sauce and it tasted like the fries were lightly dusted with curry powder, though I can't record that as a fact.  It also had some melted cheese on it.  I don't typically eat melted cheese on my fries because I want to live into my eighties at least.  But this was one tasty fry basket.Lunchtime is bustling, but the line moves fast and there is ample seating both inside and out.  The staff is fast, and unerring.  They have a delivery system that seems to work as we went from end of the line to getting our food in about seven minutes.  Pretty fast considering the number of people in there.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,8/14/2012,350,676,11,12,11>Quick and Dirty (in a good way)This "Palace of Juices" is getting 4 stars from me because of the great quick bites they offer up. It's located right on the corner of Miller Dr. and 97th Ave. This place offers up the best fresh juice you can buy in the area. It's a little grocery store that sells fresh fruits and meats, but it has a little cafe and juice bar inside.The juice bar offers up various drinks ranging from pina colada to coconut and mango. The juices here are cheap too. The cafe also offers up some good cafe con leche. The sandwiches here are decent enough, but you could get better elsewhere. I also tried the croquetas here. The ham ones are good, and they also have fish croquetas, which I wasn't too fond of.A BIG reason to get over here is that they sell Chicarrones with a good chunk of the meat still attached. Their chicharrones are SO good but they are a bit salty. The skin is so crisp and the meat so tender, you almost hate the fact that its SO Cheap because you end up buying way more than you're heart can handle. Definitely worth coming here alone for.Come for the Juice, stay for the Chicharrones. Also...try to bring a Spanish speaker with you if you don't know the language. Or learn. You're in Miami....how do you survive??
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,10/28/2014,130,43,10,14,11>I was pleased with my visit to Smoothie Spot. Within a minute of my entering the store I was greeted by a nice girl who took the time to help me build the ideal wrap/smoothie combination. Actually everyone in the store seemed to be in a good mood (maybe its the overhead music) because everyone that I made eye contact with acknowledged my presence with a friendly hello or smile. That was unexpected and very welcomed. If you come, come here hungry. Order a wrap/smoothie combo and get ready for war.I ordered a MASSIVE spinach wrap, which had generous portions of spinach, cucumber, carrots, egg whites, tomatoes, pepper jack cheese, sour cream, avocado and both beef and chicken. I told the girl behind the counter that I would be impressed if she could close it. To my surprise she succeeded. I grabbed the combo special which included a 24 ounce smoothie and a side of either chips or a banana. Needless to say that after eating my wrap (and barely being able to finish it) I had to take the smoothie and banana to go. I WAS STUFFED!I will definitely be coming back here again for a great tasting, healthy meal that I know will leave me more than satisfied. Pros:Prompt, courteous service.HUGE portionsOff menu specialsGreat bang for your buck meal optionsLarge variety of optionsWIFI is freeReward card program 10th visit gets you a free 24oz smoothie.Cons:The location makes it difficult to spotI would have preferred an orange instead of a banana for my post meal desert. (Not really a con but I didn't really have anything else negative to say lol)
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/27/2014,216,339,10,16,12>Xialongbao's in Miami?  Yes, find them right here!!  These dumplings are a delicacy, they come in a bamboo basket lined with some paper below so they don't break and leak.  Yes you read right, leak.  These dumplings carry a bit of a soup inside, so beware when picking them up.  It is an art!  You have to be careful enough to pick them up with chopsticks on the most thickest place, i.e. the top part where the dumpling joins.  As you pick the dumpling make sure you have a spoon on the other hand to hold it from the basket to your plate.  You would not want to miss all the goodies inside it, believe me!!!  Next, dip in the vinegar with ginger that goes along with it, and now it's ready to taste the delicious dumpling!  Not dry, not a thick dumpling, just perfect!An order brings 8 for $7.99; they have other items on the menu that are quite good as well.  There are fried dumplings (see picture) and some clear noodles.  I wish Dumpling King were not so far from me!@#?!@#  =.(
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,10/26/2014,189,216,9,13,15>I've spent the last two Friday nights here (from happy hour until pretty late into the night) and I love this new space in Wynwood.The music is fantastic - a mashup of songs from at least 5 different decades; almost every song I heard was something great I had forgotten I loved. The actual space is open and airy, with large picnic tables spread out in the backyard style space, with lots of white ball string lights strung up from front to back. Plenty of room both to sit down and relax as well as some open space for dancing (although not a look of people took them up on this - it was def more lounge-y than anything else).The happy hour prices are amazing - only $2 for well drinks and some canned beers. Even after happy hour well drinks are only $6, a great deal compared to almost anywhere in Miami. I can't comment on the signature drinks since I mostly stuck to the generic vodka/ginger but I did have a moscow mule that was delicious. I tried some of the food as well and the crab cakes and french fries were really tasty. I can't speak much to the wait times/prices since I just took a few bites from a friends plate, but the food is high quality for bar food.The place is still pretty new and I'd say there are a couple things they could improve upon:+Only TWO bathrooms? What? I don't understand who comes up with the bathroom ratio in these places, but the line last friday (when it wasn't even that busy) was insane. If there's no option to build more, they need at least a couple port-a-potties STAT.+Install some fans (maybe even misters). Summer in Miami is brutal, even though the space is pretty open it was unbearably hot in the evening, with most of our party sweating pretty heavily through their shirts. Even a few industrial fans would make a big difference here.+The comments regarding the bartenders were on point, as least when it came to some of the female bartenders in the back bar. One was on her cell phone the entire time, and told us that we should've gone across the bar to get her attention. Totally unacceptable service-wise. Not sure what the attitude is about, but perhaps some of these bartenders need to be rotated out if they want to the service to match the laid back atmosphere.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,10/25/2014,58,71,6,11,8>The ribs were the best I've had! (Better than shivers) - caramelized glaze of smoked heaven in my mouth is what was going on, and I enjoyed every second of it. The pastrami sandwich was flavorful, full of sin (in a good way) and fresh just like everything else served. Even the coleslaw contributed a crisp company to our amazing meal. They have a great selection of beer too! And they have real sweet tea which is always a plus. I recommend this spot if you're in the mood for wings or very hungry for some southern comfort. I will definitely be back.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,10/24/2014,180,140,4,7,6>Let's start with, the food is delicious,  the staff friendly and helpful.  I am happy that they offered Miami Spice special because it would be pricey otherwise.  They had three different options for appetizer, entree and dessert. It was a struggle to choose, and I wish I had more friends with me to taste everything. Anyway, I had the arrugala, kale & quinoa salad for appetizer, snapper with ratatouille for entree and chocolate tart with ice cream for dessert.  I could not finish my dessert because I was beyond full. So why not the five stars?  Their table placements did not leave room for people to move so more than once other patrons were sitting on my table.  There were a lot of undisciplined children running around that took away from the eating experience. For a late Friday seating, I was surprised to see so many kids. Though the children are really their parents fault, I think it is a higher risk of this turning into a Chucky Cheese if the restaurant doesn't establish a 'put your kids on a leash' policy. Overall, I will return; I will recommend.  One tip, ask for seating on the sides or back to reduce the traffic from sitting on your lap.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,10/23/2014,139,195,4,9,10>Finally got to try this highly rated joint on Yelp and did not disappoint. We came here about 2 weeks ago on a Sunday and was expecting to be packed. It wasn't so bad...maybe because we got there at 11. Its across from Balans on Biscayne Mimo district and literally in a motel. There are only few parking spaces in front so I suggest to park across at residential street by Balans. We stood in line for 5 minutes and seated right away outside. Inside was pretty busy already. I ordered Duck "McMuffin" (Duck Bacon, Smoked Gouda, Portuguese Muffin, Lemon Aioli, Sunny Up Duck Eggs, Duck Jus). Amazing and so filling and it came with homestyle potatoes which were also excellent (love the when they are little burnt and crunchy). My friend had Shrimp and Grits (Trugole Cheese, Neuske Bacon New Orleans style BBQ sauce). Yes...we agree with the reviews! Simply breakfast heaven creaminess! Service was super friendly and the crowd is young without the attitude :) This is a real gem and will keep coming back. I'd like to try the pulled pork benedict next time.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,10/22/2014,131,120,3,6,9>After being practically begged to go to South Kendall Animal Clinic by a friend, I have to say we are absolutely ecstatic about our Shetland Sheepdog's new vet, Dr. Donocoff! Dr. Donocoff really brought a whole new feel to going to the veterinarian. She was funny, kind, honest, and sincerely cared about our pup. I am a professional dog groomer, so I am very picky with who my dogs interact with because I have met too many people that are in animal-oriented professions that genuinely do not care for the animals.Our puppy, Archer, was very at ease with Dr. Donocoff-- even after having a thermometer in his booty! She even gave him treats throughout the visit to make sure he would look forward to seeing her in the future. I've never had a veterinarian do that for any of my pets before! Dr. Donocoff also specializes in small, exotic pets like ferrets and rats. In fact, she has performed several successful surgeries on my friend's rats. One time she even came to the office on a day they were closed because my friend had an emergency with one of her rats. If that isn't passion and dedication, I don't know what is.As for the hospital, it was clean and the staff seemed friendly enough. I purchased a puppy package that includes all of Archers puppy shots (3 visits total) for $257 (normally $340+ but you get a huge discount for pre-paying). I usually pay over $150 a visit at other veterinary offices and they aren't nearly as great. Dr. Donocoff even have us the first visit on the house, and Archer recieved a care package with a new leash and flea/tick puppy drops.I am so excited about visiting Dr. Donocoff again. I know exactly why my friend was so eager for me to go see her. She's the best... Aroooound!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2014,10/21/2014,227,165,5,10,7>NPS = 10I love me a good sandwich!!Not only that, but I love great customer service and smiling faces.  And Franky's offers all that!!Granted, my dad and I came during a Saturday afternoon to try it out.  There wasn't much of a line so that helped out with customer service.  But you can tell Annette (I think that was her name...and if it isn't I apologize!  It's Frank's wife) takes pride in her business.  She greeted us with a smile and helped out us first timers with the menu.I went with the 12' footlong with EVERYTHING. And she recommended the special sauce that included a bit of all the sauces with an added kick.  I went with that as well.  The younger girl at the counter even went all the way as to asking "want me to not put mustard then since you are getting the special sauce?"  Great customer service.  :)You can get fountain drinks or bottled/canned drinks.  I heard it gets pretty packed during lunch.You also get a customer loyalty card where your tenth sub is free.  Good thing too because I will be coming back.  :)Great job, Franky's!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,10/20/2014,99,75,12,13,12>Let me start by saying that I was HANGRY when I walked in.  For those of you who don't know what that means it's basically that my poor boyfriend's life was in severe danger,  it's a good thing he loves me.  I hadn't eaten all day and by 3pm my mood was deteriorating fast. We had to wait about 15 minutes to sit down because,  well the place was full and it is small. They have an excellent selection of craft beers,  many on tap,  and a great saying "good beer ain't cheap and cheap beer ain't good." anyone who goes by that motto is a friend in my book. We sat down and had Erin as our server .  She was excellent! As soon as I told her I was starving she suggested we order the guac because it comes out fast and we also ordered the frito hobo pie,  which both were out of this world and came out within 10 minutes. I had the collier chicken SANDWICH that was delicious, our friend had the kush and hash which looked like the best plate by far my boyfriend had the Johnny Utah that was also yummy. Erin came by again and saw that i in fact was HANGRY because I devoured my sandwich pretty much as soon as it was set in front of me.  Their homemade honey mustard was Ah may zing. Overall we had a great experience and will definitely be back again,  check this place out. Totally worth it.  Especially since Erin gave me a new word to describe the state I was in when I walked in "starvicious".
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,10/19/2014,1130,144,13,18,17>There is nothing like a great pair of jeans!  Whether you're dressing them up or down, jeans can truly make, or break an outfit.  This is a super cute store that sells high end jeans, t-shirts and blouses.  ALL of the jeans here are simply amazing, the material is like none other.  Literally, these jeans are so comfortable you can keep them on all day, they are soft and not stiff.  They have a bunch of cotton shirts and blouses ( think basic/laid back) white/ navy/black that are all gorgeous, and give off that effortlessly cute/ put together look.  I wish that I could afford to shop here on a regular basis, however it is pricey, think tshirt for over 45$ and jeans starting at 135$.  I'm a firm believer in "you get what you pay for", so even though I can't buy EVERYTHING my little heart desires from this store, I will continue to shop here because comfortable jeans are a must.  Customer service is always helpful and friendly.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,3/11/2014,108,99,8,13,11>Well Yelpers,  I will try and keep this short and sweet, but I have a feeling it wont happen.  It will be sweet, not so sure on the short.  First off, let me say my wife and I have been wanting to try this place for a long time.  We have even made plans several times to come here, but never happened.  Tonight I said my only criteria is we have to go somewhere we haven't been.  She suggested IL Migliore, sorta out of nowhere, and I thought to myself, decision is done, we are going! We live very close, within 5 minute drive.  I called ahead and they said there was no wait, and I told them we on the way.  I had heard from friends about this place, and I had read some reviews in the past (nothing recently) so I had high expectations, and I specifically remembered "Tuscan Fries" and lets just say I was excited.  Parking was not an issue, we arrived around 8:45.  Some people followed us in, we were seated right away.  At first glance I was somewhat surprised at the restaurant size.  I thought it would be a bigger restaurant and then realized I had been here before many years ago when it was Thai Orchid.  Im not sure if I liked the whole open room concept, but because of the size, I don't think anything else would really  work.  There was 15 tables, some ok art work on 1 wall, a few black and white movies playing on the opposite wall.  You can see a glimpse of the kitchen when walking in, and from seating area.  Fresh bread sitting on the counter top, and beer storage above the opening to the kitchen.  We sat for about 5 minutes before being greeted again, trying to not be impatient, but it did seem a little long.  Everyone was busy and taking care of customers, a lot of food was running to tables, so I just sat back and took everything in.   OK on to the menu.The menus were like place mats, beer and wine on one side, food on the other.  It was a little confusing at first, I thought they were different menus, so the wifey and I were swapping them around until we realized it.  Lots of good stuff on the menu, but we did get slightly concerned about ordering for a 7 and 5 year old.  Our waiter, Mustafa mentioned that he could pretty much accommodate anything we wanted for the kids.  So here is what we started off with:Belgium Ale (PALM) - for meWhite Rascal - for wifeyCalamari appetizer Watersand for main dishes, we orderedMushroom Risotto - for meGrilled Shrimp - for me (ok I share)Spinach and Ricotta Rav - for wifeyRigatoni Pasta - plain (for kids)Grilled Chicken Breast (for kids)Side of Bolognese sauce (for kids pasta)Belgium Ale (PALM) - for meWhite Rascal - for wifeyTuscan FriesBrusselsSo regarding the ordering, our waiter explained all the specials and made several recommendations.  He said they were out of the cuttlefish.  So you can see from the above what we ended up ordering.  As we were wrapping up the order and looking for another side, he recommended the brussels, which turned out to be one of the best things we ate.So regarding the food, here is what I thought:Calamari - It came out relatively quick.  Presentation, texture, flavor - AWESOME.  A little pricey comparatively speaking, but quality was amazing, which I will take over quantity any day.Mushroom Risotto combined with Shrimp - AWESOME.  7 shrimp arrived on plate, very nice size and grilled to perfection.  Mushroom Risotto had very nice flavor.Spinach and Ricotta Rav - Wifey really enjoyed it, sauce was very nice.  Tuscan Fries - One word - INCREDIBLE.  I don't even know how to describe it.   A must have.  Brussels - recommended by Mustafa, SPECTACULAR.  The balsamic vinegar reduction made this dish and the Brussels themselves were cooked to perfection.  My kids were dipping the grilled chicken in to get at the reduction. :)  They enjoyed their pasta and chicken and the appetizers.  Well, I tried to make it short and sweet, and I was just made aware of YELP's character limit.  I really wanted to provide a lot of details on this review, but had to trim it up a little bit.  Overall experience - extremely satisfied, I will be disappointed if the next time is not just as good.  Service was excellent.  Mustafa, our waiter really paid attention to us, went out of his way to accommodate us with the kids and overall made for a great dining experience.  Regarding the price, I will say it is higher than what we normally pay for family of 5 dining out.  The beers alone was almost $30 for 4 beers, for just bottled beer but this is not unusual for Aventura.  That being said, I was not unhappy paying for what we ordered, as this was by far one of the best meals I have eaten in quite some time.  There is a few reasons why I didn't give 5 stars, mainly because I don't give out 5 stars that often.  I think if the next time I am back, and the experience is just as good (or better) they will earn 5 stars.   Glad to have finally tried it.  I will be back!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,3/10/2014,139,234,7,10,11>Tim Balloo brings us Bocce Bar, a beautiful, open concept restaurant located in Midtown Miami. The décor is rustic, yet modern. I really enjoy open spaces, and I love what has been done to the former Sustain space. The kitchen is visible from the entire restaurant, except from bar. Well, maybe a corner view? Nevertheless, it's eye candy and most will enjoy. One thing I noticed is that you will not leave smelling like 'fritanga', which happens a lot these days. Props on ventilation and sound proof.The bar - offering craft/artisanal cocktails - is also beautifully decorated with spirits bottles in the splash wall. I ordered an aged Negroni to open my appetite and it was perfectly balanced. We ordered various appetizers and two entrees to share.Creamy Polenta with Rapini (broccoli rabe), poached egg, and shaved winter truffle. This was my favorite dish. I love polenta and the one I ate was perfect. It had the perfect consistency. Mixed with the egg and the shaved truffle = WOW! I dipped my rapini and used it as a vessel to be devoured.Lamb and goat cheese meatballs were delicious. The creaminess of the goat cheese provided a delicious touch to the flavorful meatball and tomato sauce. If you love lamb, this dish is a must.Burrata with pickled eggplant, oven dried tomatoes, and arugula. This fresh mozzarella spilled its soft center when broken into. Fantastic. Order some focaccia and use it to mop everything together.Cannelloni with wild mushroom, taleggio, and herbs. One of the best I've ever had. I would Raviolini di Capra: this was the special dish of the day. Who would have thought! Goat-filled ravioli? Really? Tim Balloo is after my own heart. I love all-goat-things. Being from DR, I eat goat like Italians eat pasta. So being half Italian, I found this dish made especially for me.Dessert offerings for the evening were tiramisu and cannoli. I love cannoli. These were different. Honey crisp filled with sweet ricotta and served over stewed strawberries and 25-year old balsamic gelato. The gelato alone earns my respect. I'll take 1 gallon to go, please. Dear god was it heavenly.Finally, when the bill arrived, so did limoncello marshmallows. I would have never thought. They were gooey. Really, really gooey. A nice gesture to end of evening and send us home happy.Thanks, Bocce, for the fantastic dining experience. I shall return sooner than I imagined and hopefully play a round of bocce.PS: the patio seemed nice, but it was raining so we could not seat there. Hopefully next time the weather will be in my favor.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,3/9/2014,136,69,7,14,12>Thanks to my trusty Yelp app, I found this spot when I was trying to find somewhere to eat in the area with my best friend after work. WE WERE STARVING (Like always). I had no idea what I was going to eat here, I recalled eating here once or twice when I was much, much younger. All I could remember was that the bread was good, and yes. it. was. The bread rolls were very warm and soft. They bring them out with a dollop of butter and the butter just melted into the roll when I put it on it. So good!I ordered their Buffalo chicken strips with EXTRA blue cheese- I love blue cheese! The food didn't take long and it was pretty good. The blue cheese was so good though, I feel as though some places don't have good blue cheese or ranch, but theirs was great. The fries were seasoned fries and I really liked them too. However, next time I would like to get their Buffalo Chicken Salad or their Southwest Chicken Salad... they both sounded good, and I saw a couple receive their salads and THEY WERE HUGE! Definitely getting that next time. The service was great also. Our server was really sweet, not talkative at all, but, brought out everything promptly.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,3/8/2014,99,196,4,11,8>Envidia Spa was absolutely amazing!I was in the South Miami area, and I was in desperate need of a manicure and I wanted a specific color. None of the salons I called or visited had the color I wanted, and the ones that did seemed very run down. I found Envidia Spa on Yelp and I rushed over due to the wonderful reviews. I hoped and prayed that they had the color that I wanted, and that it would be a nice salon. Alas, they did have the color and the salon is very nice! I arrived very happy, but was immediately told that they only take customers with appointments. *NOTE: make an appointment before going. There are only 3 manicurist and they will not be able to see you as a walk-in!I was devastated that I wouldn't be able to be seen, but by some luck, Blanca's appointment was running late and they were able to squeeze me in. Blanca did a fantastic job on my nails and I was so happy with the outcome! Next time I am in the area I plan on visiting them for a manicure!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,3/7/2014,182,156,16,16,15>I was really excited to hear about an olive oil store in Aventura. I got hooked on infused oils and vinegars after purchasing my mom a gift set online from a different company in central Florida. However, I really wanted to be able to browse in a store. I was very happy to see Aventura Olive Oil featured as a new business on Yelp.I really realized how important olive oil's flavor is when my husband and I accidentally bought a HUGE bottle of "extra virgin olive oil" because it was on sale at a store that I will leave unnamed. We were so proud of ourselves, thinking that we had snagged a great deal. Once we started using the oil to cook and put on salads, however, we felt that something was fishy. Sure enough, we checked the label and it was 10% (I am screaming the 10%... maybe I should say TEN PERCENT) olive oil and 90% SUNFLOWER SEED OIL! What?! If I wanted sunflower seed oil, that would be great, but how dare you advertise as olive oil?Anyway, after that tragedy (which still isn't over, because we're still using oil from the gigantic thing we bought), I grew to appreciate the true full taste of olive oil.Back to Aventura Olive Oil... I told my mom about it because she had been hinting that her oils were running low. We found it -- it's right in the little plaza on Biscayne with Salsa Fiesta, Burger Fi, and a bunch of other businesses, which makes parking a breeze. It's tucked in, but the size of the store is great once you're inside. We were immediately welcomed by the husband and wife team, who were enthusiastic about their products and were so helpful without being pushy at all. They encouraged us try several of the oils (yup, we just took little shots of olive oil!) and were very nice about listening to my mom's descriptions of what she wanted the oil for, and what she likes/dislikes about olive oil... The woman has thought about this before, folks.I was really surprised to see all of the different kinds of oils... not just flavored, but different kinds of "plain" olive oils. The owners explained that it's like the difference between "red wine" and merlot, cabernet, etc. They have olive oils that are not blends like what we find in stores, but are just one type of olive... The one my mom purchased is so incredibly unique I will never buy olive oil from the grocery store again. I don't remember the name, but ask for the one that "doesn't offend a salad" and they will totally know what you're talking about! Small-ish bottles are $10.99 while almost double the size is 15.99 (seems worth it!) They also have mini/sampler sizes as well as larger bottles.I was eyeing the sampler sets... You get to try a little of everything! They also sell pasta, salts, chocolate, crackers...As soon as we finish our jug of sunflower seed oil, I'm heading to Aventura Olive Oil. Or maybe I should "accidentally" spill the crappy oil down the sink...?
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,3/6/2014,944,946,7,14,14>One of the many u-picks in the area, Countrywalk U-Pick is as simple and easy as they come.  Once you find your way there (and it's far, at least for this South Beach gal), you just pull in, go up to the little stand and the nice man working the u-pick will give you a container to fill up with your fresh-picked goodies.  While there, both strawberries and tomatoes were available for picking.  We opted for strawberries, which run $2.50/pound.  There are rows upon rows of berry bushes, so use your strategy skills to determine where the "unpicked" berries are (usually in the far reaching rows toward the back).  Before you know it, you'll have a plastic bin with so many strawberries, you won't know what to do with them.  You bring them back to the stand, where they're weighed and wrapped in plastic, and settle your tab.  Remember, this place is cash only - so be sure to have it on hand!Countrywalk U-Pick also has assorted veggies available for purchase.  We spotted some lovely looking peppers - jalapenos, serranos, and smaller hot peppers.  Ice cold bottled water is also available for $1.If you're in the area, U-Pick is definitely a great activity for the whole family.  Just remember your cash (and some sunscreen!)!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,3/5/2014,216,110,18,24,19>On the advice of three good friends and some wonderful Yelp reviews, my friend and I went to the buffet at noon on a Wednesday.  Beautifully decorated place with wall silks  and atwork all for sale that I wish I could afford. We were the only party there for about an hour.The waiter was extremely attentive, gracious and personable. They call it a buffet but it's really an all you care to eat prix fixe  lunch. The choices are theirs and everything is brought out to you and explained. Nice waiter patiently identified what everything was but because of his heavy accent I found myself asking him to repeat till it occured to me that  the  food names were so foreign to me that I wasn't going to remember them anyway so I just shut up,smiled a lot,nodded my head  and ate.  Previously the only exposure I had to Indian food was a marvelous memorable meal  cooked by  By Dr. Rasama Nyberg , the excellent and lovely Indian  principal of So. Miami Middle.  who has since passed on..far too young. At Imlee, I recognized nothing except the delicious garlicky naan bread.    There was quite a variety of dishes that I  referred to by color..  Several stew-like. A couple lentil,  A green one with peas..falafel but made of lentils instead of chick peas..a couple that I still have no idea what I ate. Grilled onions..something vaguely purple.. Desert was Kulfi.(See? I did remember a name.)... a creamy berry ice cream concoction frozen in the middle and strangly warm around the edges. All in all  ..and I know this gonna sound weird but the food was good..Very probably the best in town as people have said in their reviews but..  not for me...just not something I can see myself becoming fond  of. No desire to try other  Indian restaurants and  what I ate did not inspire me to want to try other dishes.   So I give them four stars because I'm sure they deserve it. As I say, the problem is me. Not the quality or quantity of food or service..  Easy free parking..good hours.. Go and enjoy .
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,3/4/2014,75,29,4,32,11>**BE ADVISED: THE RESTAURANT WILL ONLY APPLY THE $20 FOR $40 DEAL TO ORDERS TOTALING $100 OR MORE...**...we found that out the hard way.But first, let's talk about the GOOD stuff, because there's plenty of it.  First of all, the restaurant has done an amazing job not only with the decor (it manages to feel refined yet homey at the same time) but also with the long stretch of outdoor seating along the waterfront.  The night we went, it was slightly chilly - well, for Miami anyway - and they had heat lamps, a big plus for me.  You'd never guess the restaurant backs up to a gas station - the strategically placed potted palms and bamboo screens almost make you feel you are dining on South Beach.  Almost.  And the live music is great too - it contributes to the relaxing atmosphere without being too loud.The most important part of any restaurant is the FOOD, so let's go there next.  When the bread came out, I have to admit I was a little disappointed - only one piece for each of us, and while fresh, it was not warm.  We skipped the appetizers and went straight for the main course: I had the pappardella pasta with shrimp and zucchini in a white wine sauce, and it was EXCELLENT - just the right balance of flavors that left it dancing in my mouth, paired perfectly with the glass of 2012 Stella pinot grigio that the server recommended.My boyfriend ordered the sea bass with olives, cherry tomatoes, and capers.  The first thing he tried was the side dish, which caused him to exclaim, "Oh, these potatoes are AMAZING!" and they were...the chef had prepared them in such a way that the outside of each chunk was seasoned perfectly and fried a crispy golden brown, and the inside was soft and fluffy.  The fish was good as well, very juicy and flavorful.The service was also great - our waiter was knowledgeable about the menu and the wine selections, and kept our water glasses topped off.  The food was delivered in a timely manner and was piping hot.  He inquired if everything was to our liking and was overall pleasant and attentive without being intrusive.Now let me go back to where I started this review...the ONLY issue I have with this place - and the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 - is that right at the end of a great meal, when we presented our credit card and Yelp voucher to pay the bill, we were informed that the $20 for $40 deal only applied to orders over $100.  The owner (?) was apologetic but said it was "in the fine print."  Although disappointed, we did not wish to make a big deal about it, so we paid the bill in full. But when we got home and reread the voucher in better lighting, we saw that indeed they were wrong: on the contrary, there is a section that says, "For the business owner: Deal must be honored according to terms on voucher.  No additional restrictions may be added at time of redemption."  Since nowhere on the voucher does it state the $100 stipulation, the owner is in violation of the terms of the Deal.As a small business owner myself, I have been in similar situations where a customer is asking for something that is not quite the way *I* would prefer to do business...but I tend to take the long view: if I grant their request now, and let them know I'm doing it as a special one-time favor, I stand a MUCH better chance of retaining them as a long-term customer than if I simply say, "Nope, sorry!"  Twenty bucks is really not that much to have kept us as appreciative customers.  I hope the owner of Big Fish reads this review and takes it to heart.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,3/3/2014,343,219,16,22,19>I don't know what's in this place that is so exhilarating. The vibe of this place just takes you into a trance. Sends little trickles of euphoria slowly down your spine which then simultaneously explodes all around you. This place is amazing and impressive and refine. It's not suppose to be a "strip club" but "la puteria" that I saw in here I haven't seen anywhere else. Which it makes it even sexier because it's disguise and covered behind a very thin linen veil. I love it!!!! It takes my inner animal for a walk and I like that.       Something about suits and skin that's is very sexy. I meet one of the entertainers actually I know her personally because she takes her dog to me lol. She made my night!!! Along with her other friends. Omg!!!! I have to say is.... She comes close time and whispers in my ear Hello Mrs Hernandez what can we do for you, me and my friends we are at your complete service. I then knew exactly how Mr. GRey feels if there is one. They have a really nice menu which I ordered a roast but the food and the champagne are really not in my mind right now. Filled with exotics acts, it's a mix of cique do soleil Zumanity and Scarletts cabaret.  The main room, equipped with a bar, lit-up cage, mini-podium with a large center pillar, and an LED wall is the first thing you notice when you step foot into the club.During the daytime, the main room transforms into the day club, a lounge, sports bar-like setting where you can watch the game on the TV screens or sit at the high-top tables or on the couches for cocktails.The second floor of the main room, however, is the VIP area. These guys get special treatment. I was there's and can't wait to get back. The VIP area, we had our own entrance so we didn't have to go through everybody else and our own champagne bar of course.But don't worry ... If you're everybody else,there are three other bars where you can drink all the Dom Pérignon you want, 32 private rooms equipped with iPads and flat screen TVs, and access to the stage which is surrounded by black chaises for a face-to-face encounter.The entertainment may be all the hype, but one of the club's best features is the rooftop deck. We made our way to the second-floor elevator (which happens to have a private door) and went from a dark-lit room to a bright, open air rooftop terrace in a matter of seconds.Unlike the rest of the whole mysterious vibe E11EVEN's got going on, the cabana-style deck is warm and inviting, wooden floors, wicker and linen couches, a bar, and all. I can't wait to be back and now that I have a little insider it just triples the fun fantasy for me.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/2/2014,89,63,2,10,6>This is my favorite restaurant in Brickell with probably the best weekly specials. Thursday is $10 pasta day, all day. Wednesday is ladies' night - every lady receives three glasses of house wine with each entree. On to the food. To start, you definitely want to order the Brie en croute. The Brie is wrapped in puff pastry dough and then baked to perfection. The Brie is then placed on an apricot sauce and surrounded by grapes, apple slices and strawberries. Yes, it's as amazing as it sounds, but if you rather skip the appetizer and dive right into the main dish, then at least enjoy the complimentary bruschetta. It really is delicious. My favorite main dishes here are the fiocchi Gorgonzola (some people find it a little too sweet but I think the pear and Gorgonzola pairing is fantastic), the lasagna and the penne with chicken and sundry tomatoes. I usually swap the penne for wheat.For dessert, you really want to order the tiramisu. It is so smooth and creamy. The coffee flavor is not overpowering at all. Honestly, this is probably the best tiramisu I've ever had. Buon appetito!
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,5/10/2014,189,216,6,15,11>Came here last night for happy hour/dinner with my boyfriend, and we had a great meal in the lovely outdoor terrace. All of the food was really tasty. I love that they offer a mix and match tapas platter or allow you to get light bites on their own for $5 each (order $5 and it's $23). While everything was pretty good (mozzarella, speck, polenta sticks, meatballs, and arancini) the standout item was the meatball app. These veal meatballs were rich, creamy, and bursting with flavor. My boyfriend said next time he showed up he'd probably just order a platter of meatballs. To eat I ordered the octopus app, and my boyfriend the risotto with sundried tomatoes and basil. While the risotto was a little soupy, it had amazing flavor and the rice was perfectly cooked. The octopus was also tasty and well done - paired with chickpeas, a bit of hummus, cherry tomatoes and a lemony vinaigrette. The service was attentive; we even had one of the owners come around to talk to us about the style of food and make sure we were having a good time. Some suggestions:-Work on happy hour! Even though it's nice to see a happy hour that runs until 8, our server didn't mention it at all when we sat down, and when I heard the specials I understood why. No beer specials (?!), $6 wine and signature cocktails. Pretty meh if you ask me. This could be a great happy hour spot (especially with tapas style bites on the menu, & the great outdoor seating), but they really have to be a little more interested in making a compelling offer for that to work.-The one thing that was really off about this experience was that we were listening to 90's R&B the entire time. It wasn't loud, but it was so out of place that we kept commenting on it. Really strange...
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/9/2014,437,438,8,16,12>The SOBEWFF has become the weekend that I look forward to all year long. For the last two years, I've managed to go to a couple of events each year as opposed to just picking one (thank to the Yelp Gods for those ticket contests!). Here's my take on the events: THE Q 2013:The Q is at the north tent on the beach behind the Ritz Carlton. It's a kick off party for the weekend, and there is usually one big name chef in attendance. The year I went, it was Curtis Stone. We sampled his tacos and he posed for pictures. Overall, it was a great event, but it was crowded. All the big tent events feel overcrowded and the lines are insane to get food and drinks. We actually didn't get any drinks at the Q and opted to taste food from some of the less crowded places. There was a huge Godiva setup and coffee from illy. Overall, I liked the Q and would probably consider going again in future years. TRADE DAY: Tickets are not sold for trade day. It's a day of wine (and some bites) for insiders and industry folk. I won tickets to trade day, and despite the crowds, it was probably one of the best events I attended at SOBEWFF because there was such an array of wine, liquor, and food. It was a smorgasbord for the palate. If you ever get a chance to snag tickets to trade day, take them! Don't pass it up.  Trade Day is done on Friday in the grand tasting tent on the south end. GUY FIERI'S CLOSING PARTY:The closing party in 2013 was hosted by Guy Fieri and Ziggy Marley. Out of all of the events I attended, this was my least favorite for several reasons. It was overcrowded (probably partially because tickets were sold on Living Social in addition to their website). We waited forever in line for the food, and while some places had yummy stuff, most restaurants' bites left much to be desired. I loved the food from Guy Fieri, but after waiting in line for an hour, we were told that he wasn't there serving and meeting fans because he was lighting up with Ziggy backstage. I liked the laid back vibe of the closing party in the areas that weren't as crowded. I think fewer people and a host that wanted to interact with attendees, would've made for an amazing event. MIX IT UP WITH MORIMOTO:If there is ever a poolside event again, I'm going. I loved that this event wasn't packed full of people and you actually had an opportunity to hang around the tables and hear about the food you were eating rather than grabbing your bite and being rushed out of a long line of people behind you. I chatted with Harold Dieterle from Top Chef/Perilla/Kin Shop/The Marrow grabbed a few drinks, and got to try all of the food at the event. The atmosphere was laid back, chic, and the food was fantastic. The food from Khong and the exquisite mind of Richard Hales behind Blackbrick/Sakaya were the highlights. Porbably some of the best food of any SOBEWFF event I've been to. SCHRADER WINE SEMINAR: I bought these tickets for my Dad for Christmas, and it ended up being the perfect present. Fred Schrader was such a pleasure to listen to and he was so down to earth. We tried 8 different wines and they were all amazing. This event really made me want to do a seminar like this every year. We had some fantastic wines and bites and learned a lot about the wine making process. WINE, SWINE, AND DINE LIFESTYLE SEMINAR:I bought my ticket for this seminar on Groupon. I couldn't pass up a $45 SOBEWFF event! There were 4 different samplings of pork and 4 different wines. They made it fun by providing a score sheet and having judges up front to rate the various pairings. The food was delicious and 2 of the wines were pretty good. The seminar started a little late and ended about 10 minutes early, so we felt a little cheated, but overall, it was entertaining and left my palate dancing. OVERALL TIPS: -Arrive early to allow for time for parking and lines. I'd suggest parking at the garage across from the convention center on 17th and Meridian. It's a short walk to most of the events from there. -Dress accordingly. I saw so many women wearing heels or huge wedges to go to the big tent events. Any event that's on the beach is going to be on the sand, so those shoes just won't work. Buy a cute pair of flat sandals or low wedges that are easy to walk in. -Buy tickets early. Many events sell out quickly.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,5/8/2014,280,86,8,12,8>Decided to try this place out when my usual nail lady cancelled last minute. This place is 2 minutes from my house so I thought why not? Called and they gave me an appointment right away. Walked in & a nice young lady Mimi greeted me. I picked my colors out & it was off to my pedi. Major plus for me, they have these awesome spa massaging chairs. Back massage while I get my feet done is a hellll yeah for me. She did a great job on my feet, getting all the cuticles out and let me say that she gave me a fabulous leg and foot massage. I could've fallen asleep right there in the chair with how relaxed I felt and they finish your little massage with a nice hot towel. Um heaven?Now my hands were just as good. Great little massage, my hands are cuticle free and a fresh cost of polish! Prices are pretty good for what you get. Mani & pedi is only $30 And I heard it's like $3 more Thursday-Sunday, so M-W is the time to come. All in all a good experience and I'd come back forsure. Plus they weren't talking the whole time in another language which also makes me feel so uncomfortable , like they are judging me lol !
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,5/7/2014,68,218,5,12,9>Call me what you will but, a week in Tuscany spoils everything. Learning the about balsamic vinegar, olive oil, wine, pasta and its sauces have spoil every italian restaurant for me forever. Always checking for acidity levels in sauces, perfect cooked pasta, and ingredients list in the balsamic vinegar is no fun way to eat. Having said that, Toscana Divino nails it.Came here on a Saturday night with my fiancee. The place has a great outdoor seating area for a more casual dinning and the indoors, with tables perfectly spaced bettween each other, is great for a more intimate meal. With one look at the menu we were intrigued. The promise of a great meal stood right in front of us. And it did not disappoint.We started with drinks. I had the Aviatori, my fiancee had the Litchiy Rosa. Both well prepared. The Aviatori was dry as gin cocktails usually are, not overly sweet, well balance. The Litchi Rosa was bright and sweet but not overpowering.We decided to skip the appetizers and go straight for the good stuff. We each got a plate of pasta and an entree to share. I had the Pici Senesi and she had the Beef Ragu. To share we decided for the Guanciale. Very few italian menus in this city have Pici on it. Pici is natural from Sienna in Tuscany and is a tastier cousin of spaghetti. This one comes bathe in delicious duck ragu, covered in Pecorino cheese. Delicious is an understatement. The Beef ragu was classic italian. Simple, well executed, beyond delicious. The Guanciale was superb. Veal Cheeck braised in wine beyond tenderness. No need for knife, or teeth for that matter, the meat became butter in the mouth. Here is where the spoil me kicks in. The dessert and cordials menu. One thin I saw in every menu in Florence to end the meal was not Tiramisu (although common because of turists) but Cantuccini e Vin Santo. I got hooked on this to the point that I have a Vin Santo bottle in my frige and a rotating bag of Cantuccini. Having this would have rounded my Tuscany experience. And the second part, they were out of Amaro. Really?!?! Nonetheless, a great experience. Amazing food. Will be back for the Bistecca all Fiorentina.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,5/6/2014,183,78,13,22,15>To set-up the scenario:  it's the night before the big 2-4.  All dressed up and no place to go, several glasses of wine in and itching for a great spot with live music.  I, admittingly, have never been much of a yelper (for the same reason I'm not any good at Pinterest, but that is neither here nor there,) but I am going to yelp the sh*t out of this spot because it will definitely become a new go-to!All you must know is, if you ever find yourself on South Beach between the hours of 7 p.m. and 2 a.m. with a drink or two in ya and an urge to listen to fantastic live music, this is seriously a gem (albeit, a hidden one.  Don't fret if you can't find it right away.  The somewhat hard-to-find door is what the little door was to Alice, a wonderland!)My friend and I lucked out and found two seats at the bar (it does get pretty packed in here!  It adds to the ambiance in my opinion, but if you're seeking to sit & not stand, I'd try to get there a bit earlier.)  The bartenders are all actual performers at the Cabaret and are all popping in and out every couple minutes to make sure their customers are well taken care of.  The piano player was fantastic, the performers were both talented & amusing, and the vibe was just right in the room!  Perfect touch of the evening:  the performers sang happy birthday to me, and it was the icing on the-oh-crap-im-24-now cake.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,5/5/2014,113,636,8,19,14>Let me start off this review by thanking the Yelper who recommended this place, Terry L.  Thank you for bringing such a delicious restaurant to my attention! Tucked in a small Wynwood strip mall, across from a boys' school is Palatino, a hole in the wall.  Though Terry has advised that parking may be tricky, on this Saturday afternoon, we had no trouble finding parking.  Palatino is a small, cozy restaurant.  If you're expecting fancy, this isn't it, but you'd be foolish to judge a book by its cover.As soon as my friend and I entered, we were greeted by a young girl and given a menu.  We sat down at a table and admired the art.  They had some pretty, colorful pieces, for sale.  We both ordered the jerk chicken, with different sides.  I ordered the Kallaloo and side salad with my jerk chicken.  The food came out, and it looked so delicious, and homemade, like something my mom would serve me.  Sometimes, so much effort is put into presentations that the food just comes out with an impersonal, cold touch.  Two drumsticks, a quarter and the Kallaloo were on the dish, along with a golden spicy juice emanating from the baked chicken.  The golden chicken was simply delicious.  Finally, a place that uses hot pepper but does not overwhelm the food with hotness.  There were scotch bonnet seeds put under the chicken's skin to give it a delicate spiciness.  It was tender and juicy, and not heavy.  The Kallaloo was delicious, I had never had that before.  Kallaloo is made with amaranth and chopped peppers, and resembles collard greens.  The only thing I was not too fond of was the salad dressing.  They gave you a small pack of balsamic vinegar, like they would at a fast food restaurant.  I would have preferred either a homemade dressing, or for the dressing to come in a carafe, just to make it seem less commercialized.  The owner assured us that the food is authentic, and I confirmed with Terry that it is.  She was very attentive, constantly asking us if we liked our food.  She even asked if we liked avocado and before I knew it, two slices of avocado were on our table.  It was ripe, just right.  For dessert, she suggested her homemade carrot cake, so we took her up on it.  It was delicious, she's quite the pastry chef too! She asked us to please come again, and considering the amazing food, I think we will be back -- soon!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,5/4/2014,250,256,7,11,10>Hello, delicious! Makoto is a solid choice for delicious food served in a lovely ambiance. We ate:Shishito peppers. Delicious, robust flavor. Mild spice - definitely not overpowering. This dish stood out above the others because of its presentation, ample portion, and bold flavors. It was served with extremely thin slices of serrano ham shaved atop the peppers. In fact, the ham was so thin that it danced around as the meat sizzled on the hot peppers. Fascinating effect, and while I didn't taste the meat, my hubby assured me it added a nice smokiness to the dish. Robata Cauliflower. Again, beautiful presentation and a level of depth in this dish you would not expect from something so seemingly simpleOh Toro. I mean it's fatty tuna. It's freaking delicious. If you do not think you like sashimi, please order toro and ask yourself that question again. Here, it was well-priced at $12 for two slices. Also a stand-out. Must-order.Spicy Yellowtail Roll. Well-balanced but mild with quality fresh fish. I would have enjoyed it a little spicier. When something is titled "spicy," I expect a kick!Rainbow Roll. Fresh fish, beautifully served. Sesame seeds were a tad too pronounced in this roll. There were a couple of hiccups with the service. We ordered martinis, and mine was tinged with the flavor of whatever sweet-tini was made in the bartender's tin before my supposed-to-be-crisp-and-clean vodka martini. Some may have just sucked it up, but when I am paying $13+ for a drink, I expect to enjoy it, so I sent mine back. It took another 20 minutes after the original 15 minutes to get my new drink, so I received my first and only drink of the night about half way through dinner. Really, that's unacceptable. About halfway through our meal, we were approached by a busser, who asked if we would like new plates. This was odd, because we had already had both sushi and hot items,  so we said no thank you. He took our plates anyway, and there we were with a few glorious pieces of yellowtail waiting for us to devour them, and no plates on which to do so. Another busser also swiped our wasabi without asking (my hubby wasn't done wit it), and another asked mid-bite if we were done with an item that was clearly still being eaten. The awkward moments with service would be addressed easily by a hands-on manager who was involved with service from the beginning. Our server was trying, but he had many other tables so I don't blame it on him. 18% tip included is fine, but a little strange for a party of two in this part of town. Total for our dinner: $110 including everything for a party of two. Bottom Line: Excellent, well-priced food in an inspiring setting. Service rated "needs improvement."
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,5/3/2014,147,65,12,21,15>For most americans, pizza is comfort food, drunk food, hangover food, moving day food, and for the insane person who enjoys it cold, even lazy breakfast food. Here's the thing you guys, pizza is an art and no one knows this more than the artists over at Giotto. First of all, they are like pizza acrobatic world champions, or something or other. Yeah, I didn't know that existed either. I guess we're not as informed on the world of culinary athletics. Anyways, these guys are it, they've won awards and they are more than willing to show off those pizza dough throwing skills. Um... entertainment bonus! The main question here is, do those skills translate well to the taste? Oh yes sir, yes they do. All that high flying your dough goes through, adds oxygen molecules to it which adds to the plasticity and enhances the experience. I'm just kidding, I made all that up to tell you that this is top-notch dough. (And to sound cool)I can't even recommend pizzas because I've been coming here for so long (that's what she said) that I've tried so many. What I can say is that they were ALL delicious. Yes, all with capital letters! Same goes with the appetizers, although the cold cuts plate does stand in the forefront. The ingredients are top-notch. The mortadella has pistachios in it which sadly, I've only found in Italy. The meats are sliced thin, just the way I like them so I feel like they've created this placed based on my specific preferences. Thanks guys!My single star deduction comes solely from the fact that their prices are comparable to similar local pizza places such as Piola, Spris, etc. yet their ambiance is not. This place is a lot more casual. You order at the counter, your pizza is served on a weird wicker plate and aliuminum foil. I'm not saying this is a deal breaker, just that if you're going to charge as much as your competitors, you might want to offer the same type of dining. This is less of a date spot than it is a friend's meet up. Although maybe that's exactly what they were going for. Let me sway you away from the negative and get you back to the meat of this review. THIS PLACE IS A MUST.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,5/2/2014,191,271,12,16,14>For those of you that don't live here or for those of you that are newbies implanted into South Florida and never leave your trendy neighborhoods out east, allow me to briefly explain my area in this first paragraph. You have Miami Springs and Hialeah. Both were brought into the spotlight by the same Pioneers when this was nothing but land. Both were inducted as a city in the 1920s. Hialeah in 1925 and Miami Springs in 1926. One of the main things separating Hialeah and Miami Springs is the Miami River. The most obvious, one of us became Havana del North through the years and the other has not. We both have SO MUCH to offer over here and it is being overshadowed by the popular trendy neighborhoods closer to Biscayne Bay.That being said, take it as you like, when I'm in the mood for non-Cuban/Hispanic Food it only takes me five minutes to cross the Miami River. Go through My Reviews and you will see the stark difference from when I dine there. South Florida is an unique Melting Pot. You should explore it and be proud that you live here. Very unique to anywhere I have lived or visited.So, now we get to Bryson's Irish Pub. Don't start me lying, I had no idea this was here. After checking-in online numerous times, I have had countless messages asking, "An Irish Pub in Miami Springs?" Sí asere, I had no idea either. See, I was partying with my Vampire friends at a local Miami Springs business and one of the Vampires told me about this business. Since they are open until 5:00 a.m., this was the logical place to head to at 3:00 a.m. for more Evil Liquids. This isn't a "Vampire Place" but, it was open so we headed there anyways. Long story short, after being here a couple of times, reading their story on their website and reading other Yelp Reviews, I had to come back here and eat.What a joyous pleasant surprise. I had:* Angus Burger with American Cheese - I hate pickles and ate it anyways. Everything was so fresh and perfect I found nothing to critique. To date, the best burger I've had.* Side of Onion Rings - PERFECT. Nice and crispy in every bite.* Side of Potato Salad - PERFECT. This is when I knew for certain everything was homemade.* Side of Coleslaw - PERFECT. Just how I like it with lots of juice.I went back today because I just needed to be certain. Everything here is homemade in their kitchen. This includes their burger patties that are hand pressed. Today I had:* Chicken Wings - PERFECT. Meaty with a nice char on them for that barbecue taste. Buffalo sauce is homemade. This is definitely an undiscovered gem. I will frequent this restaurant/bar quite a bit from here on out. I had to go back today because just tasting the food, I knew, this had to be homemade. I cannot wait to go back for more food. Maybe tonight? Miami Springs or not, this quality American Food is not easily found. One must appreciate it and enjoy it when it is found.  Things to note and blah, blah, blahs:* Very close to the main entrance of Miami International Airport. If you're on a layover of a couple of hours, taking a cab should only take you a couple of minutes. Make sure your driver takes LeJeune Rd. North and then head west on NW 36th St.. They may want to take the highways which will take longer for more money. Trust me on this, Hialeah/Miami Springs is my hood yo. During Rush Hour you may experience more traffic than usual. * At midnight they switch to an after hours menu.* Believe it or not, cheaper than if you went to Denny's down the street. You can do this when your food is homemade.* They have great Happy Hour Specials.* They have Karaoke on Wednesdays and Saturdays.* Beer selection is plentiful.* Part of this business is a liquor store. From glancing from afar, very competitive prices.* I haven't been able to get an exact date but, if not the oldest bar/liquor store in Miami Springs, it's close. Plus 50 years is the answer I have been given thus far.* Call a cab if you get too drunk. We Locals know, Miami Springs Police don't play.* Don't ever say Miami Springs is better than Hialeah or vise versa. You will start an all out discussion. But, for the record, Hialeah was incorporated as a City first.* You will notice many Patrons being spoken to by name. This Pub has a very loyal local following. * This building is very old and on the inside it's your typical Irish Pub. It has not been altered to satisfy the masses. This is typical of Miami Springs. Please? Don't ever change it?* Easy to miss if you're not familiar with the area. Easy, Red Road is Curtis Parkway. It's directly behind the gas station on the intersection of Red Road/NW 36 st. * Virginia Gardens is a small town nestled into Miami Springs. It's ok, they like each other.and least important* English is spoken here. Lo siento Hialeah.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,5/1/2014,91,224,2,9,7>Large proportions. Decent prices. Great place to go to get your Mediterranean/Lebanese fix. They serve the most amazing homemade pita bread that is perfect to stuff your appetizers with. Unfortunately it's not served with hummus. Appetizers: Comes in large proportions. 2 appetizers is enough to share between 4 people. Meat grape leaves: I wish I had tried the veggie versions and not the meat. This was probably my most disliked dish I have tried at this place. It just tasted like dog food. The meat did not look appetizing at all. Baked Kibbeh: Probably my favorite of the night. Baked ground beef with cracked wheat and mix of seasonings. It takes you on a journey of reminding you of a freshly baked cake or brownie but it really is an amazing piece of meat with spice. Main CourseChicken Shwarma wrap. It was ok. Slightly salty. Served with rice or fries. I would recommend getting the jasmine rice which is cooked in butter and salt. The fries were just so so. Kabobji Veggie trio wrap: Served with falafel, tabbouleh, and hummus. HIghly recommend. I would definitely come back to this place, but would order just the baked kibbeh and the kabobji veggie trio wrap. I think this place's veggie options are more tasty and delicious than their meat options.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2009,7/15/2009,51,19,7,7,8>Cheesetastic, but yummy!!!Although there are many restaurants in Miami and many more "upscale" places to dine, Melting Pot is my shameful secret love.  I never met a pot of hot cheese I didn't like.  When we go, we usually get the cheddar cheese starter, which is a blend of cheddar and swiss emmanthaler cheeses.  They add garlic, dried mustard and worcestershire sauce to give it a bit of a "kick".  We then have the salad, I usually have the california salad that has mixed greens, walnuts, and gorgonzola cheese.  The raspberry vinaigrette dressing is amazing too.  We then have the Pacific Rim which is a bit of surf and turf, and although we used to cook in oil, we realized that you come out of there reeking to high heaven if you do.  We switched to the coq au vin and the food cooks just as well, albeit it does take a few minutes longer.  The only dessert I've had is the yin and yang which is a dark (or  milk) and white chocolate swirled together in the pot.  They give you a yummy variety of marshmallows, fruits, cake and brownies to dip it in.  Again, I love chocolate as much as I love cheese so this to me is a win-win.  Although I love this place, I did remove one star b/c although we ALWAYS have reservations when we go, we have always had to wait to be seated, sometimes almost half an hour.  We do order drinks at the bar, but I feel that having a reservation we should be seated promptly.  However, the management has always comped us a dessert or drink for long waits, so that makes up for it a bit.  BEWARE: if you are on a diet, do NOT go here!!! :)
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2009,7/14/2009,904,1293,8,13,13>We all know how much fun going to the Doctor is, or getting any kind of test can be.  I am at the top of the list of people who just love it!  Hence my reluctance to get anything done.  My last attempt to get a Renal Ultrasound elsewhere did not go well.I trepidly made an appointment here hoping that things were going to go a bit better than my last time.  The original phone call was answered by a very efficient, nice and good natured person who gave me options and worked with me patiently to find a time that would work for me.  So far so good.They called me next day to do on the phone registration, as I was at work I couldn't but they again nicely told me they would call back at my convenience which they did.  We did the phone registration efficiently, and she was cheerful... (are we in Miami?  Really?  Usually any Medical related anything is done in an ornery manner, but NOT HERE)So on the day of my procedure, I expected a full waiting room, ornery service, and to wait for hours.  When I came in they took my info and checked me in again, as before efficiently, nicely and with a smile.Long story short Michael my technician (who by the way was a girl, I was so curious about her name and wanted to ask her about it but am sure she gets that all the time, so I decided against it) was wonderful, and at the end hands me a brochure and a little thing and was surprised to see they gave me a nice lip balm! That was just good customer service all around. Plus gifts!  Cool Beans!Great Job! Keep it up!All in all, if you need to get anything done do it here!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,7/13/2009,153,1226,8,7,8>its probably been three weeks since the first time i tried this place but ive already eaten here five times. i gotto give it to these guys, ceviche 105 rocks. the fact that its open until 10pm is awesome. i had dinner here last night, i had papa a la huancaina as appetizer. very very good. their huancaina sauce is delicious and a little spicy. ive also had the tamales before, both pork and chicken are pretty good. when it comes to main course, ive had the chaufa de mariscos -  ('chaufa' actually derives from "chao fan" (fried rice in cantonese) there is a huge chinese population in lima) - lots of seafood, nice portion,  i could go for one right now... oh but my favorite so far is the lomo saltado. another peruvian dish that derives from chinese cuisine. sirloin marinated in vinegar, soy sauce and peruvian spices and then stir fried with red onions, parsley and tomatoes. good stuff. served over white rice and french fries. oh man. good stuff.the owner is always there and he always makes sure everyone in the restaurant is being taken care of. ive seen him go around tables (during dinner) a few times already... its good to see a restaurant do this good in  downtown. we need more and more places like this.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2009,7/12/2009,179,117,6,9,9>Judging this place by it's location (next to 7 Eleven) and/or the amount of people eating there (3 or 4) would have been a big mistake. We went fairly early on a Saturday armed with big appetites. They have a pretty diverse menu with all the yummy traditional Italian dishes you could ask for at extremely reasonable prices. The garlic bread is very good, if  you like a little bit of bread with your garlic that is (in other words, if you come with a date and have these, try to make sure it's not the first date at least!)  I had the grilled chicken Parmesan with spaghetti and it was HUGE, I mean ginormous. My chicken was well seasoned and cooked and the tomato sauce was really tasty...plus there was a ton of cheese which is just the way I like it! The meat lasagna was also a large portion as was everything else. The service was good, with a couple of the wait staff checking in on us frequently. I wanted to try desert but I was stuffed! Guess I'll have to go back - which I definitely intend to. This is a great spot for those of you who live on the beach as they deliver - I know I'd take advantage if I did!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2009,7/11/2009,126,91,5,8,8>I thought it was time to add this little Latin cafeteria on Yelp. For four good years that I worked next to this joint, this was the place to go to get some "media noche" sandwiches for lunch or a quick "cafe con leche and tostada". This menu resembles a a Latin America restaurant so you know what to expect. They have a little area outside to eat that fits about 10. I usually called in an order and in 10 minutes it was done. for like $5-6 you can get a "media noche" sandwich and a "vatido de trigo". The sandwiches were never a disappointment and came with a large chunk of tasty, greasy salty fries. I never had them for breakfast but some coworkers did. They had some cheap special that included scrambled eggs, bacon and french fries. They do delivery around the area but your better off just walking over and grabbing a sandwich yourself. They place closes around 5:30 on weekdays. The owner, who has an uncanny resemblance to Glenn Beck, works in the kitchen himself and makes sure everything is up to par.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2009,7/9/2009,5,8,2,11,11>Last night was my official introduction to Yelp, having been invited by a fellow Yelper and one of Yelp's masterminds, Maria, to a well organized cocktail hour at Club 50, aptly perched 50 floors above the downtown Miami skyline, at the brand new Viceroy.  The Viceroy is a part of one of the Related Group's latest trendy projects, paired with the Icon Brickell to bring three towers of opulence and luxury living to residents and visitors alike on the last available strip of waterfront property on Brickell.After a tasting of unique cocktails and delectable cheeses and other agreeable bites provided by the Viceroy's restaurant, Eos, located on their 15th floor, we just had to head downstairs to try dinner and see for ourselves if Eos really lives up to what some people have raved about since its recent inception.Eos, meaning "new dawn" in Greek and also the name of the Greek Goddess of the dawn, was designed by the coveted Kelly Wearstler and elegant in decor; however, left us feeling that there was a certain warmth missing (I couldn't quite put my finger on it...).  The food and wine there were good, really good, in fact, though it was our server, Alex, who was excellent and who inspired me to submit my first Yelp.com review.Alex was obviously very knowledgeable and experienced and catered to our every whim and fancy.  He was friendly and attentive and kindly suggested some fabulous pairings of food and wine.The best part of Eos is how their menu is designed; it allows patrons to choose several dishes, as they are small and developed tastefully and artfully to stimulate the palate, ultimately, to sample various, often vivacious, victuals of Chef Michael Psilakis' unique creations.To start, the chilled corn soup with fig and crab meat was outstanding and a perfect fix for Miami's steamy summer season.  While the heirloom tomatoes, basil, and feta were good (something you can find almost anywhere), the grouper ceviche was delicious, though there could've been a touch less chipotle added for those of us who have a finer palate not attuned to super spiciness (if you eat around the chipotle, you'll be fine, though).The grilled octopus was mixed with a unique blend of flavors and was cooked tender and juicy but the lobster and crab risotto won the gold medal.  It is brought to your table with, first, a plate with a soft-cooked boiled egg, after which the delicious risotto with fresh lobster and crab is mixed in together with the egg and warm yoke to create a mouth-watering concoction of textures and flavors that would win over any seafood lover.The thinly sliced pork with mozzarella and tomatoes would satiate any pizza lovers out there, as it was served with the flavors and form of pizza in mind, without that overkill of dough.  Meanwhile, Alex gave us the pleasure of tasting various wines with the changing courses.  It was the Chardonnay by the glass (cannot recall the winery) that was rich and redolent and paired beautifully with the seafood-based bites.And, finally, fear not the fruit cannolis on the dessert menu!  While we were pleasantly full from sampling all of the fare, we initially thought, "What?  Cannolis for dessert???  There's no way we can fit anything heavy and creamy after all this...", though we listened to Alex's suggestion and it turns out we had rightfully trusted him.  They are, in fact, a light almost ceviche-like mis-ensemble of mango and pineapple with an angel wing thin, flaky crust wrapped around the fresh, fruity mix in the shape of cannolis.  It was just the right way to cleanse our palates and satisfy our taste buds to end our meal.  Of course, the final complementary and petite sampling of dark chocolate with a burst of citrus inside and raspberry gelee circles didn't hurt either.When the bill arrived, we were, again, pleasantly surprised, as it was a relatively decent amount for all of the wine and food we got to sample and the superior service that Alex--not to mention their lovely maitre d', Carly--had given us.With all of the unique elements of design, fine dining, and access to indulging yourself to the fullest (I hear their spa is out of this world!), poured into the Viceroy and its equally exquisite sisters at the Icon Brickell, I hope this new addition to downtown Miami will continue to help bolster Miami's image as the ultimate destination for both globe-trotting jetsetters and locals who enjoy the best of both worlds: peaceful relaxation in a balmy, palm tree-laden paradise and partying in a stylish, luxurious mise en scene.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2008,7/8/2009,534,839,10,14,12>I really don't like wedding cake. I find that it is usually dry, or way to wet  (soaked in some sort of alcohol) or has a layer of fruit like substance which is eeh.So when I got married, and my hotel recommend Ana Paz for me for my cake, I didn't go in with high expectations. In fact, I went in with a request/demand: I wanted the top layer of my cake to be Dunkin' Hines Cinnamon Swirl Cake w/ cream cheese icing. The top layer is the one for the couple, and your supposed to freeze it and all of that jazz, so it was important to me that I like it.Not only were her cakes amazing tasting, but they look all kinds of amazing as well. (We had the grooms cake made in the shape of a Hawaiian shirt with a Jimmy Buffet motif on it)And she had no problem with my special request. I have since used her for other special events I've hosted (bridal & baby showers). She is simply the best I have ever tasted or seen.I would recommend her for anything.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2008,7/7/2009,75,118,8,9,8>First of all, there is a beautiful, old, huge tree in front of The Field. This should make you stop because the notion of sipping a pint beneath it is so romantic.Inside, there is a lovely open dining room, large bar and several other small, secluded dining rooms. It could make for a great hearty date night during the cold South Florida winter!I am addicted to their Potato Leek Soup and the Smoked fish dip. Usually I make my meal with just those two items. There is occasional live music and I recall there was some Irish comics on the speakers in the loo. I usually had one too many by the time I went in that I couldn't understand a bloody word those blokes were sayin!Smokers are outside on the patio which also offers those swing/tables ~ always a laugh when you are on your way to being intoxicated.I have had many great memories here from the first Irish Car Bomb with my younger, freshly turned 21 year old brother (I quickly vomitted in the bathroom!) to a mournful post funeral pint for a young friend who died well before any had thought possible.It's the crack! or rather CRAIC, thanks Gina!!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2009,7/6/2009,37,76,8,8,8>Learned the hard way - dental HMOs are a mirage in times of economic woe, "hidden fees" being the understatement of the decade.Example : good portion of back molar bites the dust at some point between Cheetos and chewy tuna meltHMO: (only after going through $400 treatment of periodontal disease of course) service with a scowl, turn off your cell phone, 1-hour wait, root canal after checking "sensitivity" through third-party mostly-not-covered procedure, crown not covered  because no HMOs work with base metal (which is the only kind that's covered): megabucksDr Molina: transparently happy hello, 5-minute wait, large filling which will last at least a couple of years: 80% covered by insuranceGoing back to your tried&true dentist can only be compared to going home instead of a boyfrends' house for Thanksgiving.Yes, it does depend on the boyfriend, but after our gruesome experiences with the HMOs, it is a true pleasure to be back with someone who a) knows his stuff b) can be trusted to provide a real picture and c) makes a root canal less painful than  buying car insurance.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,7/5/2009,619,794,13,13,12>I was here for Jimbo's 82nd birthday celebration.  I mention that because, while I feel I probably did get an idea of what this place really is like, just on a much larger scale, I'm certain I didn't necessarily get the true "Jimbo's experience" since there were so many people and so much going on.The other reviews of Jimbo's sum up this place well; There are a lot of older abandoned buildings, vehicles and trailers, some of which were once used as movie or TV set pieces and props.  It's got a great view of the lagoon behind it, and you'll definitely find some "characters" here.For Jimbo's 82nd birthday celebration this place was packed.  Luckily we got here earlier in the day before it turned into a madhouse so we could check it out a bit, but as mentioned, the experience was a bit different than what you'd normally find at Jimbo's on a regular day.  They had a beer truck dispensing free draft beers and a beer stand set up where they were selling cans of both domestic and imported beers for around $4 a can; bottled water and soft drinks were free.  They also had a few band stages set up and live music going for most of the day.   In all, I think if you looked past all the stuff like the beer truck, live music, pony rides and a few other things which were just  brought in for that day, you could get a feel for the real essence of the place.  On this day there were a good amount of older, salty characters, some of whom were working to direct traffic or hand out beers, a few others had dogs on leashes that looked like they wish someone would euthanize them NOW.  There were a few random homeless animals running around and a diverse cross section of humanity to say the least.  Lots of bikers and Harley Davidson poster children, but I also saw every kind of vehicle lining the roadway for a mile or more, from Lexus and BMWs to beautifully restored classic cars to beaten up Fords and Chevys and every kind of owner and group of friends to go with those vehicles that one can possibly imagine.The cool thing was that all of these people who may not necessarily get along or hang out together in another setting somehow come together perfectly at Jimbo's. Everyone from all walks of life hung out together, drank, rocked and danced together and somehow it all worked.The only thing I'd do differently if coming again for the day is to pack some food.  The only offering they had was the smoked fish that is also part of the culture that is Jimbo's.  As I read elsewhere today on the internet, there are no plates, utensils or napkins; when you order the smoked fish you get an ice cold piece of freshly smoked fish in a clear plastic baggie, and you eat it with your hands.  Afterwards there's nowhere to wipe or clean said hands and since the fish tends to be oily, everything you touch for the remainder of the day will reek of smoked fish as well.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,7/20/2014,398,313,4,12,6>Awesome experience! I wouldn't call this a club because it is so much more than that. It starts off in this beautiful room full of bubbles and a photo booth in front for the ladies to take selfies. There's grown men wearing baby masks with huge dildos walking around which makes it very entertaining. Around 1:30 am we moved to the second room which is amazing. This is the entertainment part of the venue where there's a woman wailing around balls of fire, two ladies dressed as lamps while nude. And a main DJ playing on top of an eyeball. There's absolutely no photography allowed in this room! The third room is an outdoor lounge where the music plays softer so you can mingle and talk with others while sitting down. The entire place is full of hip and abstract artwork. So much money went into this place! I truly feel anyone who is visiting Miami or lives here has to experience it at least once! Amazing experience with strong drinks and not overpriced at all. My grey goose was about $12. Very very reasonable for a place like this! You'll be impressed by every aspect of this venue! Trust me and go! Go while you can because it is exclusive to those who have a key. You have to apply online and hopefully you're dressed to impress otherwise you're not getting in!!!
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,7/19/2014,274,769,4,11,9>New restaurants are always a challenge to review since they're finding their footing. But when you see the wait staff try their best I'm inclined to bump them an extra star. Kudos if they mention an ingredient on their menu that you overlook when ordering and I'm allergic to, so they take care to not use it.You know my baseline measurement for an Italian place is their caprese and Riviera doesn't disppont. The greens seemed fresh, heirloom tomatoes plentiful and mozzarella cheese served cubed instead of the typical slice. My next favorite dish was their pannacotta. Garnished with mint and berries, and drizzled in a cherry sauce, the vanilla base was deliciously bouncy, creamy and sweet. My main course was a pasta with more tomato slices as well as a marinara sauce. However, it was a little oily with the olive oil added. That was my bad in asking for oil.Bread came in a cloth bag,  with a nice variety of baguette and sesame seed rolls. I had to ask for balsamic vinegar to dip the bread in, since it wasnt provided table side. However, once brought it was rich and subtly sweet. The space is clean and well lit, with a glass enclosed kitchen. As I mentioned earlier, service was great for a newly opened spot and my waitress went over the ingredients, helping to prevent a food allergy. I also appreciated the manager going by my table.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,7/18/2014,619,794,14,19,15>I came here for happy hour to celebrate a friends' new job on a recent Friday evening.  Though the staff here at the butcher shop seemed to be a bit surprised and overwhelmed by the size of our group (the staff weren't warned about our party ahead of time, and at least 35 people showed up and took over many of the picnic tables in the patio area of this bar/restaurant out near the street), the food and drinks were excellent, and their prices were reasonable for what they offered.I ordered the prime sirloin burger with fries.  It was $10 and was one of the tastiest burgers I've experienced in a while. The burgers here are served on their pretzel buns, the meat was cooked perfectly, and the toppings were all fresh.  After seeing mine, I think 3 other people that were sitting near me immediately ordered one up for themselves.  As far as drinks, we were here for happy hour; 2 of us split a "tower", which is 3 liters of any of their draft beers, served up in a tall dispenser that has a center tube filled with ice to keep the beer cold, and that was only $15...For 3 liters of beer!  As mentioned, the service was slow, which was understandable once a larger crowd arrived, but it seemed that when only 8 or 10 of us were here at the beginning of the night at around 6 and were simply ordering beers, it was also much slower than it should've been.  If they can work on that and get people served a bit faster than we initially were, I can't think of many critical comments I'd have about this place.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,7/17/2014,95,48,8,11,9>Lately I've been a sucker for Puerto Rican food so I yelped for a place near work in the midtown area. As usual yelp did not disappoint. True to its 4.5 stars this place was LEGIT! I ordered for a few coworkers including a native Puerto Rican who still smells of mofongo in her hair. I had the arroz con gandules maduros and masas de puerco frita. (Translation: Rice and pigeon peas fried plantains and fried pork chunks) So darn good! The rice was so tasty with nice chunks of ham in it. The maduros were fried to perfection. The pork was juicy and tasted great. I originally wanted the mofongo but they were out. I was very disappointed as I was really looking forward to trying it, but it gives me a very good excuse to come back again. Must be good if by 12:30 they were already out. Yes everything was fried but nothing was overly greasy. The food was delicious. My PR friend said it was all very authentic and reminded her a lot of her grandmother's cooking. I'm glad this local and authentic spot is right around the corner of my job. Could be my cheat day food. Service was very friendly taking my order and they were pretty quick to get us our big order together. BTW, all that food (which I only ate half of it) was under $8. Overall very pleased. I'm waiting to give them that last and final star once I try that mofongo! Bendito Nene!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,7/16/2014,147,65,15,15,11>The sad part about this place is that driving by, it's fairly easy to miss. The entrance is squeezed between a dollar store and a dry cleaner. The cool part about this place is that it's fairly easy to miss so you feel like a secret agent walking up to an obscure hidden entrance. You think you'll need an updated password to get in but no, you're greeted by a welcoming, non-elitest studio.The fact that this place is small, is a bonus in my book since it creates an intimate, homey vibe. Classes are capped at seven people and Justin is GREAT (yes, I did just caps lock that word!) at what he does. I feel like there's a great misunderstanding about the intensity of pilates. I dont think people understand how much of a workout you get. All I'll say is that on several occasions I thought I was going to die. Take my woman card away because I hate aerobics classes, step, zumba, all that crap. For those of you who have never tried pilates before and think you won't work up a sweat because it's not "cardio", let me just say that you'd sweat less while cooking meth in your underwear inside a trailer parked in the middle of the New Mexico desert at noon. Justin has a way of explaining a move in a way that tricks you into thinking it's going to be easy, until you do it and realize you're working several muscles at once. I find that it eases the pain if I curse a lot in my head. The super awesome music helps as well. He's not even all drill sergeant-y about it either, it's a really laid back atmosphere. It's all about how far you're willing to push yourself since you can adjust the resistence to what suits you. If you're up for the challenge, and you should be since it's what you pay for, he will leave your limbs feeling like Jello. I recently read a book that talks about pushing yourself farther than you think your body is capable of. That you should leave the gym crawling to your car. This workout does that for me. The fact that you have to walk down a flight of stairs will have you thanking the heavens that there's a handlebar to hold on to. I know I sound like a masochist right about now but I know that once you try it, you'll love it as much as I do. In fact, I've seen people of all ages and fitness levels partake, so give it a go.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,7/15/2014,61,106,5,11,9>I am addicted. I recently moved to the area and its just to fair to go see my old stylist who I loved.  He was a genius when it came to hair. But I'm not going to drive 2 hours to see him. Sorry Boo its not gonna happen. So my quest for a new hair guru began. Thank you yelpers for directing me to Bleach. this place is so cool and so chill. I spent 5 hours revamping my hair and I wasn't bored at all. Its fun place and a great location.  I am super picky when it comes to my hair. I have long hair and long hair can get so boring, how many cuts can you do without going short? My face is to round for short. So I  turned to color. And for that you need Rachel. Seriously she is brilliant when it comes to color, check out her Instagram @rachelringwood you'll see what I mean. I wanted a hot pink ombra. I came with a photo that we tweaked. Rachel was great we brainstormed so she knew exactly what I wanted. She explained the process and we got started. It was a long process but totally worth it! They stayed late because hair can only go so fast which was so nice of all the stylist who were there.  I got exactly what I wanted!  I think I will have pink hair for awhile I just love it! I uploaded some pics So you will see just how awesome this is! I highly recommend Rachel it is the best color I have ever had.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,7/14/2014,110,75,8,13,12>I just had lunch there & loved it. They have specials which include soup/sandwich or salad pairings + coffee + gelato that are a great deal. Next time, I will try it, but we wanted to try the crepes today.Crepes:  I had the one with smoked salmon, arugula, lemon & tomatoes. It was delicious & light. I also had the house red wine for $5.50. My mom had the crepe with prosciutto, mushrooms & bechamel sauce & loved it. Dessert: It was hard to decide! They make ALL of their desserts, including the gelato. Although their pastries looked tempting (more reasons to return!), we went with the gelato. We tried the pistaccio, amaretto, coconut & peanut butter (yes! pb!). They were all equally delicious. You can get 2-3 flavors in 1 cup, depending on the size of the cup you get.Coffee: We had the gianduia because the picture of it when you first walk in looked amazing. It was also delicious.Overall, I thought it was great. The food & service were wonderful. The place is bright, clean, and everything is new. They had the soccer game on, and they were playing house music..a very Euro vibe. I forgot I was in the Gables for a while.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,7/13/2014,250,256,7,11,8>Lo de lea, lo de leeeee, lo de Lea he whoooooo!!!Another neighborhood spot that has me singing along, lo de lea specializes in Argentinian food, so of course I expected lots of meat. But I was pleasantly surprised to find some really delicious menu items that had been treated with just as much care as the beef. It's not easy to find a restaurant that satisfies my hubby's love of animal flesh and my desire for delicately balanced deliciousness, but they've done it.We ordered take out once (yes, take out!) and were so impressed that we returned for a dine-in dinner. The ambiance is so romantic! It's charming, small, and quiet with private parking. Grilled bok choy was fresh and cooked perfectly, grilled cheese appetizer hit the salty spot, and fish was pleasantly not overcooked and seasoned lightly. Hubby loved his steak and was thrilled with the multiple chimmichuri choices. Wine was just fine to top it all off, with plenty of choices at multiple price points. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. The only snafu was a lengthy delay between two of our courses, but this was certainly forgivable. And who doesn't love a crispy baguette when you first arrive? Bottom Line: Lovely locals spot and hidden gem with great food and service at fair prices. Makes veggie and meatheads happy alike.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,7/12/2014,191,271,10,16,12>I was here Saturday evening thanks to ELL (Eat Like a Local) on #Yelp. Our Community Manager, Johnny T., had the brilliant idea of creating this. It's a simple concept. Once a month we try-out a local business in Miami. So far it has been restaurants but I'm hoping this catches on and spreads to other businesses as well. It's a great way to meet other fellow Yelpers as well as branching-out to different areas of Our Communities one normally wouldn't venture out to. I encourage every Yelp User to check this new concept out. Had it not been for ELL, I would never have known about this fabulous restaurant.I've never been to the Mediterranean and the closest I've been to Spain is Little Havana but, I think it's fair to say, this business is pretty darn authentic. The decor is simple, cute and to the point. Its simplicity is what makes it unique. It's almost like being in someone's home.Here you can enjoy conversations with friends while having some wine and tapas in a laid back and relaxing atmosphere. I sampled several tapas and, at least in my opinion, everything was quite delicious. The flavors were something I had never experienced before. It was an unique and unexpected experience. I shall be returning here soon with friends. Or, to impress a date if I ever meet one. Their Wine Tasting Event on Thursdays is something I may do first. Check their website for more 411 on that.My stand-out Tapas were:* Stewed Giant Lima Beans - Bursting with delicious flavor and the beans are perfectly cooked. I was told this was her mother's personal recipe. VERY NICE!* White Bean Hummus - To date, the best Hummus I've had. We were taking turns sampling each other's dishes. Again, everything was delicious. These were just my personal two favorites. Lots of wine to choose from here as well. Most, if not all, are authentic to their region.I will be back...#KeepItLocal
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,7/11/2014,131,120,5,7,6>Fast, friendly, fresh: three words that perfectly describe New Village Chinese Restaurant!I rang this place up at around 3:15pm to order off of their lunch special's that ended at 3:30. By 3:50 they were at my home, delivering a box of hot, freshly made Chinese food.The Chicken and broccoli was far from disappointing, which I expected it to be because chicken and broccoli isn't really an exciting dish. However, I found the broccoli to be fresh, crisp, and flavorful. What a surprise! The chicken wasn't fatty, and I had the option of ordering veggie fried rice sinceI don't eat pork.The general Tsao's's chicken was mild in terms of spicyness, but still satisfying. You can, of course, request it to be hotter.The honey chicken came with the most delicious sweet sauce. I mean, it's hard to go wrong with sugared water but I've seen it done before. The chicken was soft, not hard or overcooked.In my opinion, the lo Mein dish was standard in taste but my mother-in-law, who is by far the hardest person to please, thought it was fantastic!The lunch specials run from 11am to 3:30pm and include an entree with pork or veggie fried rice and an egg roll or soup. They are 5.95 each, which I think is a great deal.Our 4 entrees, 2 soups, 2 spring rolls, and 2 egg rolls came out to $35 including delivery and tip. Can't beat that for Chinese takeout!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/30/2014,1231,54,8,14,13>OMG, I'm stuffed!  So this was my 3rd attempt to come here for lunch, my previous two times it's been closed for one reason or another!!!  So I came with my 2 friends from work.  We all ordered off their lunch menu ($9.99-$12.99).  Of course when you have 3 guys eating lunch together , you need to get appetizers.  We got the guacamole (made at the side of the table) and queso fundido.  The guac was great and truthfully who doesn't like melted cheese wit chorizo!My one friend ordered Carne Asada (Steak) Fajitas only $12.99.  They came out quickly and looked amazing.  Me and my other friend ordered the Burrito $9.99 I had mine with Carne Asada (Steak) and I had them add sour cream and guac in the inside.  I didn't realize but when you order off the lunch menu it also comes with soup or salad, bonus!  So I got the consume de pollo (Chicken soup).  The soup was great, reminds me of home cooked chicken soup.  Now to the burrito, I've had my good share of burritos all over the place and I have put this burrito in the upper echelons of burritos.  This thing was easily almost 12 inches long and as thick as my wrist!  It was litely grilled on the outside.  The steak was cooked perfectly, the refried beans had a lil bit of a crunch to them and the vegetables were fresh, over all an amazing burrito.I will now officially put this place in my official lunch rotation in south beach!!!!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,6/29/2014,62,23,5,11,6>tl;dr: excellent, friendly salon that can work with a variety of hair types (including thick, curly hair) and staff that actually listens to what you want. GREAT for color as well!I was scrambling to find a new hair salon after my trusted hair salon back home moved away. I was skeptical about finding a hair salon here in Miami since everything is expensive and there is often a communication barrier for the non-Spanish speakers. I am so grateful that I listened to my fellow yelpers about Hair Healers!My sister and I made a same-day appointment right before Thanksgiving, and HHI graciously accommodated us. We both have very thick, curly hair that's also significantly color-treated. My hair stylist, Yili, was very attentive to my complicated expectations (change my base hair color to chocolate brown, ombre the bottom blonde, cut without shearers, etc). Although she doesn't speak English, I was able to communicate perfectly with her through the other staff. Yili did an incredible job with my first ever ombre (she was even finishing up a co-workers ombre hair treatment when I walked in) and also cut my hair evenly and exactly how I was hoping for it to be. My sister and I were also offered a variety of snacks and beverages along the way!The final charge was $200--which admittedly is a little steep--but given the amount I had done (full hair coloring, cut and wash, ombre coloring, 2nd wash, blow-dry and straightening) and the fact that I spent 5 hours in the salon, the price was definitely reasonable. My sister's root touch up, hair cut, blow-dry and style was $100.Safe to say, I think HHI just got a new regular.TIP: Make sure to park in the back, where parking is free!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,6/28/2014,83,47,5,13,8>My friends and I held a surprise dinner here for my dear friend Michelle. Saying that it was a success is an understatement. The surprise was scheduled for 8, I arrived at 7 PM and the table was already arranged on the second floor/ back corner. The live band - Jay Valor Band played all night (great covers and good vibes) and they even sang happy birthday as she walked up to the table! The pre-set menu option 1 worked out well, we even had leftovers with a party of 15! On the menu was the following:Family Style Supper - all courses served for the table to share FRIED GREEN TOMATO - these were delicious, not the best I have ever had but definitely yummy! 1855 BLACK ANGUS BURNT ENDS - I don't usually prefer burnt anything but once you cut open the crispy outer layer the inside meat was so tender and pulled apart effortlessly KALE SALAD - Best Kale salad I have had! The flavors are just right and add ins allow for you too enjoy the Kale without that overwhelming veggie taste that is hard to avoid! DRY-RUBBED & SMOKED MEMPHIS-STYLE SPARE RIBS - absolutely out of control good, the rub although different it worked. I am just sad that at this point I was getting full and only had one! SHRIMP & GRITS - I could do without the ham, so I just pushed it to the side to devour the juicy shrimp that has a kick! I was pushing through the grits to get to the shrimp! HOMEMADE CORNBREAD - I actually never got around to trying the cornbread as I was too focused on the shrimp.CRISPY BRUSSEL SPROUTS - Can't beat a restaurant that makes you want to eat your veggies, these were cooked to perfection.MAC AND CHEESE - Once again you cannot go wrong with Mac and Cheese, if a restaurant manages to mess up mac/cheese they should just close the doors. The top layer was baked just right and inside the devil! Total diet sabotage. So yes if you are thinking of going, don't hesitate. Go for it. Side note the valet is only $8, the wait staff is friendly, they allowed us to cut our own cake aside from the desserts that were also included in the pre-set menu. I didn't care for the desserts but everyone else was fighting over the bourbon milk and oreo cookies!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,6/27/2014,529,642,17,20,19>To me, Kush seems to be one of the most-hyped-up places to open in the 305 since Yardbird. I get somewhat annoyed by those levels of hype, but Kush, having been birthed from the already-credible Lokal team, lives up to it and then some. I didn't even eat anything, but forget about the food for a second. To my mind, this place could serve nothing but frozen Ore-Ida tater tots, and it would still be worthy of 5 stars. Why? The beer. I'm not going to get into specifics, because honestly, I do not want the masses descending upon this place in a wide-eyed frenzy. It's already crowded enough, and I'm worried this factor will limit how great of a "hangout" Kush ends up being in the long run. If it makes any sense, I hope this place can be a successful business, without getting "too popular."South Florida now has plenty of bars with excellent beer selections. What sets Kush apart is that its selection is curated by total beer geeks, for total beer geeks. It may not have the sheer number of bottles and taps of some other bars in the tri-county area, but what it does have is simply on another plane of existence than that proffered by your typical World of Beer. You'd have to go to Coffee District in Delray, or possibly even Redlight Redlight in Orlando, to even approach what's going on here. The quality of the selection makes Kush feel comparable to seriously hardcore beer havens in major U.S. cities with more advanced beer cultures than ours. If this is truly where we are right now in South Florida, we have come a very long way in a short period of time. It's small inside. Too small to contain the happenings on a recent special Thursday night, one featuring drafts from the 5 Rabbit Cerveceria from Illinois. Thankfully, they have an outside window from which one can order. Standing outside on the sidewalk was where the real party was that night. For whatever reason, I've often preferred drinking beer while standing up...and drinking an expensive, rare lambic while standing out on North Miami Avenue was quite the novelty for me. How perfectly "Wynwood" is that, ordering from a window and standing out on a gritty urban street drinking one-of-a-kind world class beer like it's Olde English 800 (well, except for the snifter, of course...gotta have the proper glassware, after all!) Man, I feel like such an urban snob, and I love it.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,6/26/2014,206,133,7,11,10>I drive by this place pretty often and have been meaning to give it a try! I made plans with two friends to grab a bite and catch up, when one of them recommend this joint! Parking is the obvious issue here, since it is right in Brickell. We parked about a block  and a half away, but it was raining that day! WAHHWhen we got in there are only about 6-8 tables and a bar area. There were a few un-bussed tables, but I think we had just missed the rush! There were about 3-4 employees, all very nice and greeted us when we walked in. The menu on the wall is VERY hard to read, so I had to grab a paper menu. I ordered a bacon, egg, and cheese on an asiago bagel and it was awesome!!! It was very cheesy which I loved and the bacon was thick! The bagel was pretty good too! The food came out pretty quickly. I tried some cream cheese off one of my friends bagels and it was so good! It was creamy and not too cold! Their prices are a LITTLE high....yeah I know, Brickell! Their coffee and tea selection is good! I like that they have a big menu of sandwiches and lunchtime items. Their soda selection, however, consists of the old school bottles, which is fun and cool at first, but they are expensive and small. Cant wait to go back for breakfast or lunch soon!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,6/25/2014,202,202,4,12,7>When you mention Red Fish Grill to anyone from Miami they immediately go "Oooh. That place is niiiiiice." I made the niiiiiice choice by making reservations for Friday evening with my guy. The drive itself was romantic. If I wasn't starving I'd say that's a nice little date itself. The restaurant is nicely tucked away in Matheson Hammock Park. At first I was worried going at night would eliminate the impact but we looked up to see a sky filled with stars. Tell your date to look up to see what you can't in downtown Miami.Now, the actual restaurant. The service is absolutely spectacular. From the hostess to the waitstaff to management, everyone treated us like our happiness was important. I couldn't say "thank you" enough to them. The food keeps me from giving it 5 stars. The fig salad was pleasant, but a little heavy on onions. My fiance admitted he's had better ceviche but liked it all the same. For entrees I had the snapper and my man had the bouillabaisse.  We both enjoyed our dishes, but the flavors weren't extraordinary enough for me to rave about. I will say this. Their kitchen staff definitely knows what they're doing.  Aaannnnnd I'm a total sucker for desserts. The key lime pie is on point. Overall, go. You're going to have a beautiful experience. It's the ideal place to impress your date.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,6/24/2014,149,91,14,12,15>I'm here to talk to you about the 3 B's. Bocce. Bar. Brunch.If by the time you read this review, the 3 B's no longer exist, I am taking full responsibility. It is my fault and I'm not sorry. I'm not sorry because I did brunch in a way that brunch has never been done before. I did it right. I tackled it full-force. I killed it.When the Bocce Bar staff saw four girls waltz in on a sunny Sunday afternoon, I'm sure they thought nothing of it. They probably assumed we might pick at some items from the antipasto table then try an egg-white omelet and maybe nibble on a dessert for good measure before calling it a day.HA! It's safe to say they had no idea the destruction that was about to ensue. We started off slow and steady at the antipasto table - prosciutto, eggplant, peppers, potato salad, cheeses galore. It was the perfect way to warm up. The variety of items was both impressive and overwhelming, and I politely suggested to the waiter that they offer larger plates so that I could still see some white room beneath the smorgasbord of items covering my plate. Next came the entrees. While none of us were particularly interested in getting involved with hot dishes at 1pm while basking in the sun, we figured why the hell not. We went with ricotta pancakes, salmon, seafood lasagna and pasta Bolognese. Just a little light fare before hitting the beach.While we waited, we moseyed on over to the dessert table. Pies, cakes, cookies, tiramasu, mousse - you name it. My friend pulled the, "I'm filling up this plate for our whole table," yet we all know that's the oldest trick in the book. She was on a solo  mission and she meant business.Did you forget that our entrees had yet to arrive? Oh, so did we. When they placed the hot items on our table, we let out a collective groan yet still dug right in. Naturally, we took several breaks so that we could fill up on our bottomless Prosecco while our stomachs took a break from the hard stuff.After taking a serious Prosecco and Bocce ball break, we realized we hadn't even tried the omelet station. Since we didn't want the chef to be offended, we ordered an omelet to share...out of the kindness of our hearts, of course. Boy, am I glad we did. I don't think I have ever raved about an omelet until this one. I unabashedly asked the chef to drizzle a little truffle oil on top to which he masked his horror and obliged. Now I can say this omelet truly epitomized perfection.5 hours later we staggered out of Bocce Bar with an abnormal amount of food in our bellies and giddy grins on our faces. Should we be proud or ashamed of our shenanigans at Bocce Bar, you ask? I'm still trying to figure out my stance.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,6/23/2014,244,213,3,12,7>4.5Wow... wow and did I already say WOW!We have  only been here twice and I can't wait to go again. For an appetizer you have to try the Grilled Morcilla - I don't know how they get that crunch on the outside, and I say this because I have tried to make it at home this way and I have yet to  master the skills of the Chef from Del Sur. They are absolutely to die for.The first time we went I had their Three Hour Beef Short Ribs Over Prosecco Risotto with Baby Arugula - OMG OMG OMG!!! I seriously want to get this again. The short rib was so juicy and filled with flavor that my mouth is watering as I describe this to you. My fiancé had the special that day, which was chicken, although very good (this is why I am reviewing it as a 4.5 - the chicken was just chicken, nothing really special about it and not worth the price in our opinion). The second time we went, I had the lamb shank with polenta, it was very good. The lamb just fell off the bone. My fiancé isn't a big fan of lamb and even he loved it. He had the the churrasco with grilled vegetables. This dish was not only healthy low-carb but delish. I actually really favored his over mine, which was surprising, because I love lamb. So far everything we have gotten here has been delish and I can't wait to go back to try some other dishes.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,6/22/2014,202,74,7,10,9>I've been to the Filling Station a few times and haven't written my review, quick frankly because after leaving this place, I go into a food coma! EVERYTHING I have had here is good. Now, I am a very picky eater, especially with high fatty foods because it's not simple to perfect fried, high cholesterol foods without making it overwhelmingly greasy,  and repugnantly seasoned. They know what they're doing here at the Filling Station peep!So here's this runs deliciousness:Pulled Pork Cheese & Sour Cream Taters- OK don't be alarmed, I know it sounds Ike a lot, but trust me, it's the perfect balance of flavors. You have the heartiness of the Pork, which is seasoned and slow cooked to perfection. It dissolves in your mouth! Then you have the season taters (and yes they are the best in town!) with black peeper, salt and a hint of garlic. All topped off with cheese sauce and sour cream (my mouth is watering describing this dish). It seems overwhelming, but really it's not, I honestly think it's one of their most popular dishes, a must try!Spicy Jerk BBQ Wings- I don't know what award they have, but it is well deserved. These wing are amazing!!! See my check in, I was very excited about having these! Spicy enough to make your nostril drip (lol sorry), but not so bad that you can't keep eating lol. Picture sweet and savory with a bit of spice, well cooked, and always made fresh to order (I've had them twice, and both times a win) ORDER THESE! The Caddy- Simple cheeseburger, because I like my burgers pretty plain with original toppings, lettuce, tomatoes, onion, etc...Really great burger, grilled to perfection and topped with your choice of cheese (I like classic Cheddar of course). Lightly seasoned, you can really taste the bold beef flavor which is a plus for me. They have a variety of crazy themed burgers that you can choose from if you want to be dangerous. All burgers are served with their seasoned tots (yum) or you can sub for fries or onion rings. I had their seasoned fries which are also very good (salt, pepper and garlic)House Filly- I know what you're thinking (damn she's a fat-ass) I wasn't the only one here trying all of this! My boyfriend ordered the filly with cheese and beef and it was very good. Not a big filly fan, however, the second time I came back here I had it, so what does that tell you! I ordered mine with all the fixings and it made it even better. Very generous with the steak and seasoned well. Again their food has such a great balance of flavors, very impressed!Friendly staff and happy to serve. Great place to hang out with friends and have some drinks, flat screens and awesome bar specials on Thursdays. There is only one bathroom and it's a little upstairs hole in the wall, which isn't soooo bad I guess.Enjoy!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,6/21/2014,365,232,6,12,13>COLOR ME CONTENT. Enjoying the breeze, the water view and the hanging gardens on the patio at PAMM. It's such a relaxing yet fabulous Miami moment!We were 3 for lunch on a second Saturday when admission to the museum is free, and I was awfully glad we had a reservation.  There was a very long line at the concession stand, so long, in fact, that we had to be quite assertive to find our way to the hostess station.  We were seated in a lovely spot in the shade--come to think of it, all the tables are in the shade, thanks to the amazing design of the patio, which must be experienced in person to appreciate.We had a cold crisp bottle of Prosecco, heirloom tomato gazpacho, turkey sandwich, gruyere omelet, and a warm shrimp salad.  Everything was delish! Gazpacho had lots of sweet red pepper, so it was very sweet indeed. Shrimp salad was the super-star.The atmosphere was completely unfussy.  There were families strolling the patio, people were wearing shorts and sandals, no snoots. Still, the food and service were really lovely. Prices were about what you'd expect--$8 for soup, $18 for shrimp.I'd love to come back for dinner sometime; I'm sure the lights at night are beautiful. ATTENTION CRUISERS: If you're staying just one night near the Port, this place would be a PERFECT spot for a Miami experience very close to the hotel without blowing the budget.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,10/31/2011,147,180,7,5,7>When I saw the sign for Rosa Mexicano go up on Lincoln Road, my heart skipped a beat. And then my stomach did a happy dance. I love Mexican food. Anything that promotes excessive eating of sour cream is right up my alley. So, when I needed a spot to host a gathering for a group of girlfriends, this was the first place that came to mind. We started off with a giant guac, made right at our table. Satisfying, yes, but the poor waitress had to keep the chips coming in excessive amounts because with guac like that, you're going to need more chips. Next, queso fundido. Two, please. And the little pans they came in were licked clean in less than 10 minutes. Margaritas keep thirst to a minimum. And more than one round was ordered. And believe it or not, we were ready to keep going. Tortilla soup, fish tacos, quesadillas, the options were delicious and endless. Dessert capped off the meal with raspberry-filled churros complete with chocolate ice cream and dipping sauce. The raspberry filling was SUCH a good idea and exactly what we needed to leave us wanting more the next time we happen back into this palate-pleasing place. My only complaint, they cannot accomodate more than five outside. It would have been nice to do all this gorging outdoors in the beautiful Miami spring sunshine, but instead we lived it up in the well-decorated inside. Which, by the way, is as classy as the meals. No burros, sombreros or Mexican jumping beans in these digs. Ole!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,10/30/2011,224,140,14,14,11>At first look from the outside, The Stage looks like a future site of flashing blue& red lights, yellow police tape and body chalk. The front door is hidden in an alley way between 2 seedy looking building s below the 195 underpass. Dexter is no stranger to this alley I am sure but if he comes he will be surprised to see a red velvet rope to gain entrance into The Stage.The Stage may have the red velvet rope outside but none of the red velvet rope attitude inside, it's $5 cover after all if you are not on this list so who cares.Once you walk inside you subjected to what Dr. Who aficionados know as " Time Lord  Science "  because like the TARDIS this place is much bigger on the inside than it appears and quite posh.There are 2 really fancy bar rivaling anything on South Beach or Brickell as far as decor and selection. Both are close enough to the actual STAGE that you can hear you favorite band kick ass or if the band sucks drown deaden you ear drums with another drink and head outside because there is a garage door that opens up to an mini garden out back that also has seating and one of those awesome food trucks for snacking .The crowd has always been pleasant , maybe a little crazy but in a fun way - if The lead singer from Radioboxer swan dives off a bar , what are you going to do ? Run catch her I hope !!The  staff polite and attentive no matter if it is packed to capacity like some other place a stone's throw away .... cough ahem Bardot . cough cough.Stage please don't change but maybe add one more exterior light to be less scary outside :)
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,10/28/2011,504,281,7,13,10>This review is based solely on the bar and karaoke nights. I will have to try their infamous burger one of these days...First off, I love the fact that this place is like a hidden gem of Coconut Grove; nestled away far enough down Main to keep most tourists and the drunkest/rowdiest college kids away.Us older local kids come down the tree lined streets of the Grove to enjoy this place, away from the ruckus of beer pong, flip cup and pudding wrestling. (not that anything is wrong with any of that, it has it's time and place) Karaoke is my game and I come here to play. They are smart enough to pair their karaoke night with their ladies night, so the social lubricant allows us to lose some inhibition and get up there to belt out a tune, or two...or three. The crowd here during karaoke is pretty chill so I have found it a good spot to *test* out jams that I haven't sung before. There is one bartender that can be a tad unfriendly...but I have learned to just bypass her and order from who ever else is working.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,10/27/2011,164,73,6,9,8>Brunch Club!!! Anytime you meet up with fellow yelpers for brunch you know it's going to be AWESOME!!! Michelle Z. had been raving about Angelique's for quite some time, and for good reason. The location is super cute, the staff is nice and friendly, and the food is great. I had the French toast which was good, with fruits and this amazing cream. Don't ask me what it is, but it's awesome. I also ordered the patatas bravas (angry potatoes) and they were good as well. Picking off others plates was fun as well; the waffles were really good too. I definitely would love to go back with my family.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,10/26/2011,619,794,10,13,13>One of the reasons I love bicycling, besides the fact that one gets to enjoy nature, get some healthy exercise and maybe lose a few pounds, is the fact that I've discovered lots of very cool places like this park that I would never have found otherwise. I was out on a bike ride to nowhere on a recent Saturday afternoon when I rode past the sign for A. D. "Doug" Barnes Park. I saw a neat sculpture which was basically a utility pole sticking sideways out of a hill, with cables running into the ground around it, and I could see a lake in the background. I decided to ride in and check it out. When one first enters this park from the entrance at Bird Rd. and SW 72nd Ave., the first thing you see is a fairly large lake, encircled by a paved bike/walking path with several benches, shaded seating, and 2 picnic shelters right on the water (both are currently being reconstructed). A bit further in, one comes to the swimming pool, playground and basketball court which are surrounded by several shelters, picnic benches and lots of open, shady spaces. There is also a baseball/softball field and a tennis court nearby as well. What I found to be the most outstanding feature of this park, however, is one that I'd never have expected to find. I saw signage pointing towards a "nature center". Intrigued, I rode back to that area and what I found was very cool! There was a nature area, open from 9 - 5, 7 days a week which featured a few miles of paved and unpaved bike/walking trails through an old growth, undisturbed forest. As I rode through, I heard lots of critters scurrying away from the paths, and saw tons of birds, squirrels and other wildlife. Behind the nature center is a large fire pit with bench seating in a wide circle around it, and a man made waterfall. Once you head down the trail area, you'll see several benches and a small shelter which are placed along the trail, allowing people to sit, talk, check out the surroundings and simply enjoy nature. A bit farther in there is an elevated, wooden observation deck. On the other side of the nature center, there are paved trails that take you back to park offices and 2 cabins which are used for groups or organizations who wish to camp or hold programs here, and there's also a butterfly garden. I was very impressed by the nature trails, as the forest was truly untouched by man or by weather from all appearances, and it was completely secluded, quiet and peaceful, aside from the distant sound of the music being played by the ice cream truck over by the swimming pool (and the ice cream truck was playing Christmas carols in April, to add to the annoyance). In all, I'm happy I found this place. This is definitely a park to keep in mind to bring a date or spouse when you simply want to get away from the city, forget about the rat race, and walk or bike through and enjoy nature in its unspoiled, undisturbed splendor.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,10/25/2011,250,256,13,21,20>*Review for Happy Hour Only*...though I'm dying to come back for dinner. With their sustainable seafood concept, the food is right up my alley...This is one of the best happy hours going right now. The venue itself is gorgeous. High atop the Epic hotel, it affords breathtaking views of the water and downtown. The pool area is stunning, and while you aren't supposed to linger around there during happy hour, strolling through seems to be fine. The restaurant is indoor/outdoor, but the happy hour party settles onto the patio.Adding to the scene factor, a DJ provides the tunes (not too loud). The crowd is mostly young professionals; attractive and friendly enough. Plenty of lounge-y tables and couches invite you to take a seat. Conveniently, there's a bar right outside and cocktail servers if you prefer to stay put.The logistics are what'll really get you: $5 basically everything from 4pm - 10pm. Yes, happy hour goes until 10pm!It's pretty damn fabulous, but I have to withhold that fifth star because some staff members can be snappy and parking is a pain. Minor details that are easy to forget when everything else is so lovely.Bottom Line: Pretty people sip on fantasticly priced cocktails at a gorgeous location; what's not to love?
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,10/24/2011,276,303,5,8,9>I've had dinner at Lolita's twice now.  Honestly its not the best meal in town.  That said, and appetizer & an entree for $20 or $24?? Where do you find a bargain like that?The decor is beautifully, dimly lit with tons of candles.  Very cute!! Service has always been good.  The food is just mediocre.My Tips, go with the salad as an appetizer, I've had the Bacon, Lettuce and Chery tomato Caprese tower with smoked salmonHuevos fritosAll very good, entrees wise I've only had the veal churrasco and its always been good plus it comes with a basket of crispy fries! Stay away from the Serrano croquetas...they are not the best croquetas you've ever had!! Trust me!!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,10/23/2011,132,69,4,8,7>Great Place! I can't believe I had never been here--ever! It's very laid back, met some funny drunk people, and the outside bartender was such a pleasure!! If you're looking for a no-drama bar, Tobacco Road is it! Oh, and did I mention how inexpensive it is in comparison to most of these wannabe bars? Parking is $10 but when you come back with a receipt they give you $5 back. We had a great time!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,10/22/2011,444,433,8,15,9>I swear it was close to 100 degrees outside as I biked across the island to Hotel Victor on Ocean Drive. I stumbled into the air-conditioned oasis, also know as the lobby, and hoped my dress wasn't dripping as I asked how to get to Spa V. I was directed to a private elevator that shuttles people specifically to and from the spa below.The lady at the front desk was cheerful and had a distinct island accent. She handed me a short form to fill out and once I was finished I traded it to her for a key to a locker in the women's locker room. The room was spacious yet ironically a bit maze-like. The lockers and stall doors were dark, paneled wood and everything else was white and beige. I changed into a white waffle robe and perfectly-sized black flip-flops and walked to the cool down room to wait for my masseuse. This is what spa dreams are made of. There were comfy black and white printed couches and chaise lounges topped with pillows. They were loosely divided into four corners by beige curtains that were tied back and modern bookcases covered in magazines albeit the room was too dim to be able to read them. I poured myself a plastic cup of ice water and settled into one of the plush chaises.A few minutes later, Ivonne introduced herself and led me to one of the private treatment rooms. I had reserved an 80 minute massage + reflexology session for $99 as part of the Miami Spa Month promotions.I started facedown on the plush table. She alternated some Swedish technique with some deep tissue to exorcise the muscle demons that have been inhabiting my shoulders for as long as I can remember. This may have been the best massage I've ever had. Every time she finished a muscle area, it fell into a peaceful sleep. And by the end of it, I smelled like a Christmas candle thanks to the warm cinnamon oil she was using.Then came the Reflexology, which is an alternative medicine that stimulates pressure points on the feet, hands, or ears with specific thumb, finger, and hand techniques without the use of oil or lotion.It felt kind of like I had been abducted by aliens that were probing my feet because they had never seen a human foot before, but in a good way. Once in a while she would hit a nerve and something somewhere else in my body would twitch or tingle. It really added to the overall massage experience.I reached Spa Nirvana when she finished up with a neck and scalp massage. Really? That was 80 minutes? It felt like time was standing still. My next stop was at the steam room. It is co-ed and clothing optional. Even though I was the only person there, I opted for one of the velcro-secured towel wraps. Inside it was like a big, warm blue tiled cave. The only thing I could hear was the hiss of the steam and water droplets dripping from the ceiling.I figured the steam had two benefits. 1) Rinse off the cinnamon oil and (2) Help expedite the muscle detox process that is stimulated by the massage. I inhaled the steam and sweat in several different positions before deciding to check out the pool.I had to go back up to the lobby and up the stairs to the second floor. The covered bar area resembled a colorful cabana and the pool was surrounded by lounge chairs with comfortable white cushions and some plush red couches dripping with pillows. I grabbed a spot partially in the shade, donned my yellow sun hat and opened up my book. To my left, I could see the beach and some cargo ships in the distance. An attendant came by once to ask if I needed anything. I declined.I could only finish one chapter before I was drenched in sweat and needed to take a dip in the pool. It was shallow and water continuously spilled over the edge and into a narrow moat around it. An "endless pool" I think they're called. There were a few other people in and around the pool that were not really there to relax so I didn't stay in long. I returned to my chair just long enough to dry off before heading back to the spa.Well, all good things must come to an end so three hours after the start of my Spa V journey, I was changing back into my dress and packing up my purse. I checked out at the front desk with my Amex and dreaded going back out into the oven waiting for me outside.[The closest thing I could find on their website was the 75 minute Relax Me Massage at $165 for 75 minutes. $165 + 25% gratuity = $217; $99 + $25 gratuity = $124; total savings = $93]. Worth it.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,10/21/2011,169,270,9,8,10>5 Star Service! Great wines and friendly service. 5 Star Ambience! For its location it is very classy, very rich and confortable, very small and cozy. 5 Stars on the Italian food! Ate withy family a tried several plates: The special "Don Giovani" WOW!!!! 3 Sauced linguini with steak and Mushrooms. Tasted the Lasanga, WOOOOOW!!! perfect amount light sauce with perfect amount of meat. And the Gnnochii, delicious. Fills you up fast (says my sister) but delicious indeed! Rich Sauce.5 Stars on price!! Pasta from $12- $17. And for the amount and TASTE it's worth it. (My sister took the gnnochi home).5 Stars on my review. I am proud This is my first, first review for a restaurant and Proud to place it on the top. I'm not a local here, nethier known anybody from the restaurant. Just doing my yelping.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,11/30/2010,20,102,1,5,4>What a cool little place! It used to be "Hole in the Wall Subs." A former bartender from Keg South bought it and changed it into a little pub. He is the nicest guy ever. He definitely treats his customers right. The food is super tasty. The selection is your  typical pub food: burgers, chicken sandwiches, fish sandwiches, chicken wings, fish dip, and fries. The chicken wings are the best around (especially the BBQ ones). Oh, and they never skimp. It is always a hefty portion!Well, even with all the positive there is a slight downside. It is quite literally a HOLE IN THE WALL. It is small and does get packed at night. It is worth it though. Definitely check this place out if you are looking for a low-key night with some friends. Good stuff.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,11/29/2010,148,183,4,9,10>Town Kitchen & Bar, my hat goes off to you. Because while you're on the more expensive side (I, mean, seriously, $10 for waffles?), I still adore you. Why? Simple. You're one of the only places that has managed to get me inebriated in the middle of day (and by middle of the day, I mean morning).And yes, while I admit that there are several other external factors at large that led to my inebriation, (e.g. bright sunshine & laughing friends). Let's not forget perhaps the most important - the $15 all you can drink Mimosas. Oh yes.What better way to start the day, right?Fully aware of the large amount of champagne+OJ I was about to consume, I went with the semi-healthy yogurt, fresh fruits and granola. Always a safe bet. From what I can gather, the serving sizes are rather large (they'd better be for the prices!), so I guess it's okay. Everything looks deee-lish; wouldn't mind coming back here for some real food one day. Possibly my only qualm about this place is the fact that nobody could seem to log into their wireless, which was one of the reasons we chose to come here in the first place! Waiters, waitresses, servers, managers NOBODY seemed to A) either know the password or B) know how to access the internet. FAIL. especially because we called them beforehand just to ensure they had free wifi that worked.Other than that, the service was excellent and the servers were very understanding and attentive to our alcoholic needs - instantly refilling out bottles when we ran out. All in all, super cute place to come and have brunch with your girlfriends.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2010,11/28/2010,216,339,5,9,5>This place was suggested by Kristen H., and it's great!  The place has it's local flavor, waitresses haitian, paintings on walls, this is immersed in the haitian community is a definite!  The restaurant is clean and well maintained, they also have 2 flat screen TV's, who would of thought right...!Also visited by locals and their friendly service makes it like home for some.  Definitely a place for families.  As we got there with Kristen H., we stood out as non locals - just funny.Prices are super reasonable for the amount of food they give you.  I ordered the Chicken Stew with rice and it also comes with fried plantains.  The rice portion was super HUGE, almost 4 portions there!!  The chicken was flavorful, you don't see many places serving chicken with bones and skin!  This is one of those places.  The chicken had a lot of sauce, which was yummy with the rice.  Food can easily be shared with another person.  They have chicken, pork, goat, meat balls and more!!It was an interesting haitian experience!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,11/27/2010,473,460,7,7,6>Lou's Beer Garden is a hidden little spot that is definitely worth checking out. It's a really laid back place to grab a beer with some friends and not have to break the bank. They have really reasonable prices and really good beers. It's an outdoor atmosphere with a great ambiance and the food matches it perfectly. Nothing too pretentious but nothing to simple either. Just make sure if Lou asks you if you want to see the mascot you prepare yourself to be introduced to a frozen baby pig....lol.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,11/26/2010,166,208,6,3,6>I have a thing for cupcakes. I don't know what it is. Perhaps   it is  their small portions. The fact that they are so cute and pretty. However, there's always a risk with cupcakes -- that when you get to the core they can sometimes be a bit dry. With this late cupcake craze, new shops have been opening up around town. Buttercream Cupcakes happens to be right by my tanning salon and I just caved today. I went in around 8pm (1 hr before they close) and the selection was quite limited. It only seemed logical to get one of each ;)I got the red velvet, 2 oreos, vanilla chocolate, and chocolate coconut. I took my first bite and I almost died. These were the most buttery, moist, spungy, fluffy, cottony, smooth, silky, decadent, rich, sweet, creamy cupcakes I have ever had in my life. I shared them with my niece and mom. We had a few bites of each and we came to a conclusion -- from now on weekends will be spent trying a new cupcake  with a nice cup of java (they serve their own coffees too). Even though my stomach is killing me for having just had a sugar overload.. it was worth it all the way. So don't wait, go get yourself some sweet cupcake goodness at Buttercream Cupcakes now!!! :)
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,11/25/2010,504,281,3,7,6>I've had dinner here only once, and while it was great I have to admit that what I am really a fan of is their breakfast. MMMmmmMMMM...I love love LOVE breakfast, the heartier the better. Smoke't knows how to make a hearty meal to start the day off right.My favorite decadent breakfast plan: start with a mixed berry cocktail (naturally), share an order of biscuits with maple butter, then get your hands on the egg sandwich (Texas toast makes every sandwich better) and a side of cheesy grits. It's worthwhile to get your eggs over medium on the sandwich, there is plenty of toast to soak up the yolk.One of these times I'll have to tear myself away from the sandwich so I can try to Mexican Hay Stack....one day...
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,11/24/2010,22,189,5,6,6>Angels sang and a beam of light shined down on my plate revealing my own Anton Ego- Ratatouille moment. Flashbacks of my childhood rushed past me as the amazing dish that is the Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli melted in my mouth and was accompanied by the prosecco e dried fragole cocktail.I sent complements to the chef, the bartender, the owner, the manager, the waiter...My GF and I decided to try Scarpetta for a "Special Night." Scarpetta means "little shoe" in Italian and is also the action of cleaning your plate with a piece of bread attached to your fork like ...well, a little shoe.  And that I did. I let my bread soak up all the remnants of my amazing dish, any passerby would have thought I had received an empty plate because of how clean it was. We were wowed from the moment we walked inside. The decor was superb and an ocean breeze graces the outside tables and diners.One thing I did not enjoy was the bread(s) selection and their toppings. I could have had three little dishes of marscapone butter (amazing) instead of that strange tapenade or lemon infused oil. Eh. The large piece of plain bread was delicious but that other salami and mozzarella bread, not so much.This is the kind of place I do not mind spending a little bit more money to enjoy. I loved Scarpetta and it exceeded my expectations.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,11/23/2010,279,273,5,7,9>For the 2nd time in one weekend my boyfriend's cravings have led me to eat things I know I shouldn't, but loved just the same. Yesterday afternoon he decided he absolutely had to have Chinese food immediately. After arguing against it for about two hours I threw in the towel when I realized I would not be able to convince him otherwise. So off to Yelp we went and found great reviews for Pekin Chinese Restaurant & Supermarket but there was no website so we searched for the menu online and ordered Beef Fried Rice, Chicken Lo Mein, Pepper Steak and General Tso's Chicken. They don't deliver to Brickell, so as we were on our way to pick the food up we realized we didn't order from the place with several great reviews on Yelp. We'd actually ordered from Pekin Chinese Restaurant , which only had one review, because it was the only menu we found online. Since we'd already ordered the food we of course picked it up and hoped for the best. Although I didn't actually go into the restaurant because I had my puppy with me, my boyfriend said the restaurant was filled with Chinese people (great sign). After paying only $25 for all the food we got, we drove home and proceeded to enjoy the most fresh and savory Chinese food we'd have in ages. The food at Pekin is just as good if not better as anything i've had at Chinatown in NYC AND they don't use MSG!!!! The service is quick, the food is delicious and the prices are very reasonable. I definitely recommend Pekin Restaurant and will absolutely be visiting again.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,11/22/2010,304,163,10,15,11>A soon to be food haven situated in the thick of South Beach's most glitzy glamor spots.I was lucky enough to attend the soft opening of Eden, which now occupies the old Talula spot. The place is simply beautiful. An open kitchen with high ceilings is balanced with modern, green abstract wallpaper and dark furniture. The back patio space is more loungey and is decorated with herbs and plants that are used in some of the dishes. The theme continues even to the dining table, with baby basil seedlings in tiny glass vases. (A detail which I couldn't help but appreciate.)The food is reminiscent of the new restaurants carving out their own foodie niche in Midtown. The Gigi's. The Sugarcanes. Places that are fresh, innovative and make the food the hero of the night. We started with crispy artichoke hearts, jerk fries and a scallop ceviche. My favorite was the ceviche and the artichokes were a close second. The ceviche was lightly dressed with a kimchee sauce and fresh herbs like cilantro rang through. For our main courses we tried the lamb and short rib- both solid executions (except for the brussels sprouts, which I prefer a lot more caramelized and crispy)The wine menu has an interesting concept- they offer wine in 4 different modes: sip, taste, drink, and _____ (i think the last was savor?)Anyways, you can order a few ounces and create your own flight, or a single glass, a bottomless glass (the "drink" option) or an entire bottle. My only caveat was that many of the wines are commonly available- it'd be interesting if they offered hard to get wines in this format.Overall, Eden is refined without being glitzy. Affordable, but thoughtful (especially with overly priced and under impressing places like Phillipe a few feet away). I'm looking forward to exploring more of the menu once it finally opens. In an area ridden with over priced food served to a soundtrack of techno beats, Eden is a welcome new addition. Welcome to the neighborhood.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,11/21/2010,390,402,4,5,2>Like many of you, I've been eagerly awaiting the opening of American Noodle Bar. I've always been a fan of Asian cuisine, and I feel Sakaya Kitchen has helped pave the way for a new generation of Asian street food in Miami. American Noodle Bar is one of its brothers.The interior is "flying kick you in the head" badass. Literally, there is a graffiti of Bruce Lee on one of the walls. If that didn't get you pumped, the communal table will, as you and random strangers make plans to take over poor farming villages behind a wall decorated with a bamboo forest.But enough about day dreaming: on to the food.They have something called bacon sauce. I'm drinking it. If I could, I'd take a whole bowl full of the sauce. Oh yeah, the bacon sauce is on the noodles, as well as Chinese sausage (which also deserves to go on everything) and the pork meat balls. Other sauces that piqued my non-bacon interests: smoked lobster sauce (I'll try with shrimp), brown sugar ginger (with pulled chicken) and... sriracha butter? I know what I'm doing when I get home...There are other items on their chalkboard menu (hey, did you steal this from Sakaya?). I went with the cheeseburger dumplings because what part of that doesn't sound great? The dumplings are bite sized, so a great group apetizer. Also the chopped cucumber and tomatoes that come on the side are great. Also on this side menu are a footlong corn dog, pork egg roll, edamame hushpuppies, Banh-Mi sammich and a lot of other stuff. I was not expecting this variety from a noodle bar.They also have fresh brewed white peach tea. Its good.I took a break to shove another chopstick full of noodles, sausage and balls in my mouth. Yeah, I went there, and if you want some good food on the cheap, you'll go here.Update: I couldn't finish the whole bowl yesterday. And like most pasta + sauce leftovers, it was better the second day. I can see myself getting two bowls, and using one instantly for leftovers.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,10/20/2013,763,459,5,12,7>WOW. No wonder this place has amazing reviews. It definitely deserves them. 100%Sooo I adopted a tiny little kitty (4 weeks old, awwww I know, how cute) and the foster parent recommended that I go to Brickell Bay Animal Hospital for all of his pet-care needs. I'm all like hmmm ok I've never heard of this place and I'm not particularly loyal to any vet so why not?I didn't realize what bad experiences I've had at other vents until I had a SPECTACULAR experience at Brickell Bay Animal Hospital.First of all, you walk in and don't hear 100 million dogs barking their faces off. I was like...peace and quiet in a vet?! Wow. Second of all, the place is spotless. I also never realized that my previous vet was not so clean as I had nothing to compare it to.The front desk staff seem to actually CARE about their job. Did I just say that? Wow how new and novel for someone to actually give a crap about going to work everyday. You can tell they genuinely care about the health and wellbeing of your pet. Shocker! Be prepared for a big friendly hello and big smile when you walk in!Now on to the doctor, wowzers. What a passionate guy! He is so sweet and explains things in plain language that everyone can understand.My kitty had hot spots (which I had no clue what those even wore) aka allergies and when he was bleeding all over the floor one day and itching himself like a mad man I was convinced he had fleas but did not see ANY. Then he scratched more and more and finally the biggest scratch just looked like a bloody piece of meat. I was like ok this needs to be checked out ASAP. So I took him in...he also got some shots while he was there as it was time for him to get his first round of vaccines anyways. The doctor explained to me about why he might be getting these allergies and prescribed him medicine. As the itching continued I brought him back. The hot spot also became infected and so he made out of cloth this band to go around his neck so that he could not itch it. He also upped the dosage of the medication and added another one since the spot was infected. My cat is still mildly itchy but the cloth around the neck did the trick and his hot spot wound is healing very well. Also the itching went down significantly and now my little furry baby is happy :-)They also CALLED ME!!!!!! Yes they followed up to make sure the medication was working and left a voicemail as I was in school. I didn't get out until late and didn't have a chance to call them back and the next day they called me AGAIN! I was blown away. It's rare to get that kind of service from anywhere these days let alone a vet! Amazing amazing amazing.I definitely will be going back to this vet. Seriously he is the best in Miami.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,10/19/2013,141,121,8,10,7>I love supporting locally owned businesses and being an advocate for eating well and steering clear from THE NASTIES (parabens, silicones, artificial crap, processed foods,guys that say "dats fire bro! "). It would be unnatural and counter-intuitive to feed my furry daughter corn, gluten and disease ridden kibble from BJ's.  All that Science Diet, Nutro, Eukanuba and Rachel Ray garbage is of the same quality so don't even bother.  Once i understood that our 4 legged companions need a different type of nutrition than the crap most vets are trying to peddle i became a fan of going the raw route when i saw how my sister's fat, depressed, stinky mouthed daughter turned back the clock and became as healthy as ever; she regained her puppy vigor ( she's 13 btw)!!!!THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!-best prices (they beat anyone and happen to have the most competitive prices retail and online, no joke.)-great variety and options whether you're a novice or a full fledged pet nutrition expert so you can take babysteps and transition-knowledgeable staff-check-in perks and discounts-there's always parking-no poop on the floor.their customer service is unmatched and they really show the community love with all their giveaways and contests. If you haven't checked this place out, i highly recommend you do so and bring your pets. I've never had a bad experience here.  Yours truly,Fargo's mother
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,10/18/2013,28,27,9,10,12>My little boy is the kid who sits in the front of the classroom to make sure he is in clear view of the teacher and hope no one will bother him. I've taken him to other day cares and overnight pet boarding and have concluded he truly believes he is not a dog and doesn't belong there. The guy is afraid of his own shadow.. which is why I was extremely pleased with Furry Paws and will be taking Oliver regularly.They open early which is great for people like myself whose work days start early, 7:30am to be precise. The dogs are separated as they should be. There are cameras for you to log on from work and see what your baby is doing. I happened to log on just as Oliver is staring at the lady who is in the room with the children (there is always a human among them) as she walks over, picks him up, and pets him for a few minutes. THAT made me smile and feel comfortable that my baby is in good hands. Furry Paws is the only daycare he has been to and NOT look like he had seen a ghost when I picked him up.. and they get to play outside!Great location with doggie amenities, kind staff, and clearly full of love. Absolute recommendation.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,10/17/2013,162,161,12,7,6>This little piggy went to MY BELLY!!!My fab loudgirls took me on my first outing since my recent surgery this past Sunday and I just cannot tell you how incredibly amazing this brunch was. Swine you say, is a stout-bodied short-legged omnivorous animal that is dear to all of our bellies and let me clarify something- this place is NOT for you vegans out there so keep your distance- you have been warned.Entrance: Greeted with nothing but smiles, and being that I had an assistive walking device with me they immediately sat us as close to the entrance as possible. As we walked to our table we received a short sweet harmonica serenade by a very charming character aka Alex the bartender who made me feel at ease right away. Let's just say, with that- Swine had already scored major golden brownie points in this foodie's book.Ambiance: love the wood, its rustic, simple, non-pretentious. Like a restaurant should be: a little get away from your daily routine.Service: Our knowledgeable server- Jill could tell right away that this table of nurses was seeking refreshing alcohol tinged beverages along with a hunger for all things bacon. This lead us to the following salivating, worth every damm calorie meal...Food: Cornbread- don't even second guess it, just get it!BLT Benedict- oozing goodness of warm hollandaise and fresh organic yolks mixed with pieces of bacon and biscuit...wow!Morning Quiche- perfect size, little pieces of pork belly mixed peeking through airy eggs, with gruyere and a super flaky crust...just enough to get you going!Today's Omelet- smoked pulled pork shinning in the middle of bright yellow bed of fresh eggs with a side of delightful fruit...hits the spot!Chicken Fried Bacon and Waffles- please read the first 3 words of this sentence...yes indeed- pieces of chicken wrapped in fried bacon inside crusty brown goodness, carefully placed in between warm waffles, decorated with refreshing spicy watermelon and pieces of pecans. Oh and lets not forget the bourbon maple syrup--I died and went to heaven, and on my way up I whispered: oink oink oink.. ha!Warm Sticky Icky Bun- piece de resistance!!! Yes the bun is good but the added toppings could stand all on their own...Sweet potato pie ice cream, candied crispy smoked bacon, and maple bourbon toffee syrup...so dang dang delicious!!!After this ridiculously long review, I thank you for taking the time to read it and salivate with me as I type these final words in hope that you too can experience this place:Indeed the only part of a hog you can't use is his squeal... Yours truly: Swine.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,10/16/2013,13,45,3,5,6>I go on Friday and Saturday nights when they have local rock bands playing.  Some are better than others but I think it's just a matter of personal preference of your favorite artists and songs. What I like is that there is close and ample parking, even when Publix and Outback have customers at 10'ish.  It's been mostly full to packed but I've always found seating, even if it's at the benches at the pool tables.  By the way, the pool players will always allow for new players to get in, so if you do wait, it's not really a long time.  The waitress have always been great, accommodating and friendly.  They're always circulating about and will happily get a glass of water when you request it.  It is dark with middle-aged customers in casual attire and there is always smoking.  I've been there when it's been a cloud of smoke or last night when only a hand-full of people were smoking.  But, you will always have some level of smoke in the air.  A few times, though, the bathroom has been really really bad but I'm happy to say that last night, even at 2am it was decent. If you want to have some level of conversation, don't sit near the dance floor or band stage because it does get loud in those areas.  Speaking of the dance floor, it is rarely  packed but when it is, it's a blast.  I've always found the people there to be very friendly, meeting lots of new people and having very casual and easy conversations every time I go.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,10/15/2013,158,324,7,12,9>This place is a true 5 stars.  In fact, it deserves a 6, and to give it a five makes me feel that I need to go back and downgrade some of my fivers.  I admit I didn't have a very good idea where Uzbekistan is.  (FYI wiki tells me that it's in Central Asia and used to be part of Soviet Union)  The dishes show influence from Middle East, Russia and China.  Highly recommend reservation.  When we walked in on a Sat night at 7, the place looked empty but every table had a reservation tag.  Good thing we made reservation via Open Table.  For drinks, they offer Russian beer and Georgian wine, among others. The beer was brewed in St Pete, Russia.  The traditional Uzbek bread, non, (costs $3) was delicious with crispy crust and chewy inside.  The friendly waitress made some suggestions, we tried many dishes, and loved them all, with our favorites being:1. Manty - The dumplings likely arrived in Uzbek with some silk trader from China, and I'd say this lamb dumpling trumps many dim sum places I've been to, with its thin, delicate skin and juicy filling. (Similarly, the lagman is obviously a cousin of ramen, and the fried lagman is much like a yaki soba.)2. Eggplants "Oasis" - curiously the real thing looks better than the photo on its website, with the flavor to match. 3. The crepes - pillowy soft with a slightly chewy crepe.4.  Pilaf - a mutton and rice dish with carrot and onion.  5. Baked trout - while the lamb dishes are delicious, some of us want "seafood".  Uzbek being a land-locked country, we settled on baked trout. The fish was deboned and the inside stuffed with mushrooms, meat was moist, with a bit of fat under the skin. For dessert we redeemed the check-in deal with ease, received a thin cake with walnuts and ordered another dessert made with egg white, somewhat like a meringue.We also enjoyed the live music, provided by a trio in a variety of languages (English, Spanish, Chinese and I am sure Uzbekistani and Russian?)  The dance floor was filled with dancers as the evening progress.  All in all, we had a lovely evening.  When the bill came, we were surprised they charged only a modest 15% tip so we added some more to it.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,10/14/2013,77,44,7,11,10>Can I give this place 10 stars???? Oh please Yelp?? I LOVEEE Magnum, it is as good as it gets and them some. Great music, showtunes, piano, delicious food, seductive ambiance and spot on service. What More Can You Ask For???I come here as often as I can and with my move closer to the area, I will be here even more. I love ALL their plates (well no, I did not enjoy the crab quesadilla and neither did my date that night). Although, everything else is great. I have tried either by ordering myself or trying other people's food. SO delicious. Even my stingy brothers do not mind coming by here and spending a bit of cash :)I went here for my birthday and they made the night very special. Even let one of my friends sing for me while the piano played the song she chose :) I felt like a superstar!They always greet you as if they have known you for years and the host always brings an after dinner cocktail, which is yummy. This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Miami and I know plenty of people who share in the same feeling. I cannot BELIEVE I have not already reviewed this place but THANK YOU Yelp for reminding me:) See you at Magnum!.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,10/13/2013,50,57,8,11,8>As the name describes, this place is "just funny"-- Miami Improv at its best.I came here on a Friday, and the place was packed, but my husband I got good seats at the side. The crowd roared in laughter, and all activities they did were interactive and hilarious.I am a tad bit shy, so when I was called to go onto stage (without raising my hand), I was a bit surprised. Paired against another audience member, I was supposed to use the hands and body of the cast member I was assigned to tell a story against another cast member. I was a bit nervous because I had trouble following the story, but nonetheless, it was very fun and allowed me to step out of my comfort zone. Tickets are priced fairly at either $10 or $12, and it gives you the opportunity to relax, have a good time, and share a couple of laughs with the audience. You can clearly tell that everyone who works there enjoys what they do.I will probably come here again if I am ever in the need of live entertainment, but please note that you may be called out from the audience to participate, even though you may be that introvert who is secretly hiding in the back.And the adventure continues...
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,10/12/2013,170,440,2,9,6>this could easily be one of the shortest reviews i write if i summon it all up with three little letters:: OMGService - We were greeted by one of the most kindest hostess ever.  She advised us that unfortunately they were very busy and we needed reservations of which none were available... they did however have a small top table for "walk ins" like ourselves and we happen to be the first walk in of the evening.. so off we sat.  it was a nice cozy little table but it would of been ok with us... Hostess walked us over, explained a little about the place and introduced us to our waitress & assistance for the meal...Here comes Ashley - sparking bubbly well informed young lady.  Very aware and descriptive of the specials available for the evening.  Her description of the dishes made them all sounds mouthwatering!!! We wanted one of each!!  She was kind and informative. Her assistant  Joseph was a very nice young man.  He too was very knowledgeable with the menu.  He was very helpful and friendly.  Thanks to his suggestion, I have enjoyed one of the very best flavor sangria's to date.   it is a house blend made with pomegranate.  even hubby who is not a sangria drinker enjoyed his very small sip!!!After a very brief stay at this high table we were advised that one of the booths had become available and if we wanted to, could change to it (reservation did not show up).  We were advised that your reservation is held for 15 mins and if not there, it is canceled and made available to others.  I was also advised that you have to state when you make reservation if you want a booth..now to food: We started off with a delicious appetizer "Pork Wontons"  this is a party in your mouth kinda of experience.  Imagine a crispy lite wonton topped with delicious small bite pieces of perfectly seasoned pork all dressed up with crumbles of queso fresco drizzled with a silky guava glaze!!! The combination of crunch with salty & sweet is mouth watery...... size good enough to share, but honestly could of had one all by myself!!dinner: Went with the Pistachio covered Mahi Mahi with butter sauce on top of mashed potatoes with leaves of spinach with a hint of truffle.  It was a beautiful flaky white nice size portion of fish cooked to perfection.  covered with plenty of pistacchios.  this was awesome. hubby went with fillet Mignon.  this was butterflied cut and cooked with a nice crust to a med well temperature.  also served with mashed potatoes and spinach.  this was easily a top steak.  gentle silky beef with delicious sauces.  it was amazing.  a delicious  ending to an amazing dinner - Creme Brulee - fluffy, creamy, airy delight topped with just the right amount of burnt sugar and a beautiful fanned strawberry that assured a piece on each bite!!! place is romantic, great service and far away for some.. but it is worth the drive  make sure to get reservations thou.  we are looking forward to our next visit.....
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,10/11/2013,336,556,14,26,16>I came. I saw. I stripped down, liberated, and conquered!Before I write any more, I would like to point out that I have never been much of an exhibitionist. Nudity has always bothered me. It's just everyone's eyes glaring at you and seeing all of you that gives you that anxious feeling. However, since I had an urge to go to the beach, wanted to celebrate my birthday, and had to escape the bad reputation of South Beach during Memorial Day, I decided to "experience full liberation" and visit Haulover.Tips for your Haulover escapade:1) Coming here is a mission. You have to go on a two-lane one way street when heading from north to south, but once you get there it is really easy to find a parking space and head under the underpass. Note: there are two ways to get to Haulover, so I think I must have gone through the back way (the first entrance I saw) because I was nowhere near 10800.2) Come here alone. If you are with a buddy, you might have preliminary jitters. However, I did notice that a lot of couples come here together.3) Try not to look. When I first arrived, I noticed older people staring at me probably because I am so young, but try to not get it to stop you. There is a misconception that everyone who visit Haulover is old, but this is not the case. There were a lot of people in their young to mid 30s frolicking around. There is also a lot of eye candy, but try to not get your wandering eye to get you into trouble.4) Relax, and enjoy the water. The water is clean and crystal clear, which made my trip to the beach one of the best I have ever had.Overall, I would visit Haulover again. It's a nice friendly crowd. It feels very liberating to go bare into the ocean, and the beach is beautiful! It is definitely something worth doing.I stayed here for about an hour and a half and studied my statistics book. It may be shocking at first, but once you strip down, it is all fun from there forward.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,7/9/2010,223,96,5,10,7>I've been coming to this store for almost six years now, ever since I moved to Miami. Some of the most unique pieces in my wardrobe have come from this little gem. The ambiance is funky and fun. Even if you don't usually like vintage, you will probably enjoy browsing the wares. They have a selection of everything from women's to men's, shoes, purses, belts, gloves, jewelry and even lingerie. The very nature of a high end vintage store is transitory. The selection is constantly changing, but you will always be assured that almost every piece on the racks is in good condition and usually also something you wouldn't find elsewhere, even at other vintage shops in the area. The store is FULL. You have to be a bit patient and look through the abundant offerings to find the perfect YOU piece. You have to be in the mood to browse to come here and enjoy. I've actually been feeling down, or stressed, and decided to grab a hundred bucks of my mad money and go treat myself to a soothing mindless hour and a half of vintage shopping indulgence here. I make this place a deliberate destination. Although the sizes, as mentioned by other yelpers, tend to be limited and skewed toward the medium range, I have found pieces here that fit my size 2 frame like they were altered already. I have also found a few that, while not a perfect fit, could be easily altered or hiked in with a belt to look stunning. Sometimes a quick dart to pull in a bust line or a whip-stitch around the hemline is all it takes to make a good find a great find. I actually enjoy putting a modern spin on vintage clothes, so a little alteration is a plus to me. The prices can be so reasonable and so outrageous in the same visit. It's really the luck of the draw whether the item you fall in love with will be so inexpensive your jaw drops or so off the chain ridiculous you stomp out in disgust. It all seems the same to me, but a year or two difference, a designer label or an original tag ( all of which I couldn't give two flips about) can drastically change the "value" of a particular vintage piece. Overall, I would really recommend you set aside some time and enjoy yourself here. You'll most likely come away with something you never knew you couldn't live without. Also, one of the best Italian places on Lincoln Rd is literally next door. Wrap up your shopping trip with some Linguine Alle Vongole at Sopranos next door, and go home happy.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,7/8/2010,201,337,6,9,9>Whisk, where have you been all my life??After hearing everyone rave about Whisk, Zac and I decided to try the infamous burgers one Friday evening. We barely found parking in the small plaza where Whisk is situated. Whisk was full of people. Luckily we were able to find a table to sit in. We went all out at Whisk, trying an appetizer of hummus. DELISH!!! Then came the burger and chips, a medium-rare cheddar and ranch mouthwatering piece of heaven!! The chips had Parmesan cheese bits on them. For dessert, we ordered a brownie which was good. The service was spectacular and fast. This is what other restaurants should model their service after. I also loved the quaint look of the place, making the customer feel as they are enjoying their meal in the comfort of their own home. This is hands-down the best burger I have ever had!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,7/7/2010,120,391,2,5,8>havana meets miami on the corner of flagler street & 57th avenue. let's cut to the chase: the food. it's good, it's packed with flavor, and they serve you so much that 3 people can eat from 1 'completa'. they've got everything from pork, to moros, to yuca, and my forever favorite...tamales! anything Cuban is here...including the staff's attitude. oh wait! they have really good (natural) juices too. the MUST try juices are: jugo de mango & jugo de melon- buy a cup or take home a 1/2 gallon. you take your food to go or enjoy the outside seating...and as the old saying goes: "barriga llena, corazon contento". i wonder if i should start writing my reviews in Spanish....hmmm...
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2009,7/6/2010,587,1627,6,7,7>This is a neighborhood beer & wine place we all wanted - comfortable interior, friendly staff, subdued lighting (except for the corner by the window which is perfect for studying or for those who just want more light), and small ambience. "Look small and think big" should be their motto as it makes a great impression.That being said, there's excellent drinks - and for women who doesn't like beer, you could try the banana flavored beer (I dare you! It's good) and the raspberry beer (Frambroise) - both of which are like wine (corked beer, who knew they existed?!) And yes, they have enough beer to put Zeke's to shame (plus, about remarks of beers running out - it happens at Zeke's too). We needed a mainland version of Zeke's with great prices, and we got it - and upped it with high-end beers that Zeke's doesn't even have.They also have food that spans all over the globe but I haven't tried those yet. But because they have food here, you can bet that this is another one of those rare bars that are smoke-free, and for someone like me, I truly appreciate that!When I was here, it seems to cater to the indie and a laid-back crowd that always like to strike up a conversation - and this is always good in my book. :) I'm sure the demographic of the bar changes with the time of the day and whether there are performances at the nearby Arsht Center.I can see how my rating could drop to 4 stars if it gets too crowded as this is a small space and having too many people probably would kill the ambience especially if you were sitting in one of the low tables by the wall. But for now, for what it is, it earned my love.Thanks DRB! Next step, becoming a true republic!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,7/4/2010,268,629,8,8,7>i am by no means an expert in indian cuisine but this place knocks it out of the park for me.i went in on a weeknight to find a small quaint restaurant. there were about 5 tables occupied and we were all spaced out to give a sense of privacy.our server was super nice and attentive and helpful with the menu. i decided on the butter chicken which was mmmm mmmmmmmm good!! luckily i was able to save half for lunch the next day. oh btw i ordered mild and it still had a kick to it. my friend got medium and it was a bit too spicy. so use caution when ordering.the rice was good. and the garlic naan was also great!!i asked about a dish i had in washington dc that was possibly one of the best things ive ever eaten. he told me if i got him the recipe or at least actual ingredients they would try to replicate for me! how awesome is that?!?anyways i cant wait to go back..
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2009,7/3/2010,253,216,10,9,9>Oh B&B- Why do I love thee?I love thee for your delicious burgers and friesi love thee for the truffle oil on my sidesI love thee for your yummy mac and cheeseI love it so much I want some now, pleaseI love thee for your twinkie with vanilla ice cream dessertEven when I manage to get it on my shirtB&B- you're a fat girl or frat boy's delight...and you always manage to make my night!-Yours forever,J.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2010,7/2/2010,153,1226,21,19,14>my friend Y wanted to go dancing on wednesday and she kept on telling me about LIV, a club ive only heard of on TV and shit. im not the south beach mega club type-of-guy, but Y knows how to party proper so i accepted her invitation. thank god for cold weather in miami cause i usually dress pretty ratty but since it was cold, i was wearing nice dressy pants, a long sleeve shirt, a geeky sweater and a fancy scarf. Y was dressed up all hot and stuff. the moment we walked into the lobby i thought, oh man, im going to stand there for 10 minutes, get annoyed and leave... there was a group of people trying to get in. a lot of dudes trying to get in. fuck them, i know! so we stand next to a group of 8 girls which get in immediately. as soon as that happens, me and Y make eye contact (hint hint) with the bouncer. he asked me, is it just you two? yes sir. come on in, the bouncer said without skipping a beat. so, word of advice for the dudes. find a girl. like... in general. thanks. LIV is pimp, posh, pricey and a bit ghetto. ghetto boys get ladies too. shit, sometimes i even wonder. what the hell is this beautiful whore doing with this ex-convict? but with time, i have learned not to jugde. ok, i lie. that was bullshit. i witnessed two fights while at LIV that night. tell me thats not ghetto. so i havent been drinking for a while and im glad cause Y wanted a drink and i walked her to the bar. she ordered a chivas on the rocks. the bartender was actually nice and smiley, of course, she was charging $21 for that glass of chivas. "here you go, chivas on the rocks, its 21 dollars baby." i wonder if she ever thinks to herself, "here you go, its 21 dollars. fuck you baby. pay up." but thats just my imagination running wild. anyways, add two dollars tip and thats 23 dollars Y dropped for a chivas on the rocks. yes people. LIV is pricey so unless you really roll high, dont you even try... it would be stupid to spend 50 bucks on two drinks when you pay $100 a month for your hyundai. seriously. dont you even try.Y wanted a cigarette so she decided to bum one from one of the losers who actually paid for table service, so i stepped to the side and let her do her thang.... the beautiful uber-expensive cabanas... unidentified loser got his hopes high. he offered her a cig and even shared some of his vodka with her because he and his buddies had a whole bottle. she smoked her cigarette and then said peace sucka. so off we go dance. music was ok. not the typical poplife stuff which is not necessarily bad but unexpected when you think of poplife. we had fun. we danced and jumped and clowned by the dj booth. so, if youre already in, you can make this place fun for you... thats if you look for and find your space. the dance floor was packed and we dont like that. Y got thirsty again but this time she went for a corona. that was $8 but Y didnt tip the bartender this time (not the same bartender she got first) because she was a snappy bitch. i usually hate it when people dont tip but in this case. fuck her. dont give attitude to costumers even if your job sucks and especially when no one is giving you attitude. in short. LIV is huge and beautiful. you can potentially have fun here if you go with the right crowd and find a comfortable spot. you will spend money like crazy and might witness a couple of fights. i can see how club-goers can idolize this place cause the property is spectacular. i can see how people who dont get inside LIV dream about bombing this place off the map, but thats just the way huge hot posh clubs are everywhere in the world. deal with it or skip it. i personally would not even think of going on a weekend and definitely would not go more than 4 times a year, if that.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,7/1/2010,179,117,11,13,12>working heat in your home is not something you usually have to worry about in south florida, but this winter (and by winter I mean the whole 3 weeks of actual cold we've had) has been a different story. last week, when temperatures dipped down into the 30's, I turned my heat on for the first time in the year that I've lived in my apartment. it triggered and started blowing air...but much to my dismay it only blew cool air. I was able to borrow a space heater to get me through that first night, and the next day I promptly came to yelp to ask for a recommendation. lucky for me, jen r. had used Dade Appliance Service before and suggested I give them a try.they sent someone out within 3-4 hours of my initial call, Willie the repair man, who was friendly and explained all about my heating system and what the problem was. he opened the thermostat, rerouted a couple of wires, and presto! there was heat! 5 minutes and only $65 later, I was ready for a comfortable night of sleep. the heat worked well and I was completely satisfied and ready to give Dade Appliance a good review....until the next night when my heat went on the fritz again. this time it kept turning on and off and on and off in quick succession with nothing at all coming out of the vents.it was late by that time so I knew it was gonna be another space heater night. I called Willie first thing the next morning and he was back over within 2 hours. he again explained exactly what went wrong (as a result of the heat never having been used), what it would take to fix it, and then patiently waited while I got approval to make the more costly repairs. while we waited, he went ahead and made the replacements necessary, just to make sure they would work once we had permission. Willie made sure everything was working, double checked all the new parts and explained everything to me so that there would be no questions. since then the heat has worked better then ever and I will not only call on Dade Appliance Service for any of my own appliance repair needs, but I will be sure to recommend them to anyone I know who might be in need of their services. friendly office and repair staff, very reasonable prices, prompt attention to their customers, and an attention to explaining and answering questions that is too often lacking. thank you Dade Appliance!!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,6/30/2010,1381,665,8,13,15>Dear Falls,Ahhh, the relaxing sounds of water running through the rocks...  That's the first thing I always think of when I think of your Falls Mall.  It's quite a different shopping experience than the rest of Miami malls.  First, the entire mall is outdoors, so that in itself is different.  People can enjoy the amazing Miami weather AND still shop, without being cooped up inside of a cold mall.  The lagoons and water falls are a great touch, and having the water run through the majority of the mall as a little river, really adds an amazing touch.  It's just so pleasant to walk around and hear the sound of the water flowing; I often forget I'm even shopping!  I think it makes everyone's shopping experience just that much more pleasurable.There are a lot of great stores in your mall as well.  First, you have the only Bloomingdale's south of Aventura, which is a bonus.  Also, there's a Macy's, Bebe, BCBG, Charles David, Nine West, Tupelo Honey, just to name some of my favorites!  There's also a movie theater and a few restaurants (Johnny Rockets, Los Ranchos, PF Changs).So with all of this in mind, it definitely makes you one of my favorite malls in Miami.  I guess the only thing missing are some major staple stores, like a Sephora (oh how I wish you had one!), a Zara (asking too much?), Guess?, and perhaps an Antrhopologie...  Sigh...  Until then, we wait on your 5th star.  ;-)All the Best,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,6/29/2010,619,794,10,33,18>Wow!  This is the first time I've used this facility, and it definitely won't be the last.   The cost to park here is very reasonable compared to parking at the airport.  Where you'll pay $12/day to park at the airport, this place has a rate of $7.50/day and your 7th day of parking is free.Where they really excel, however, is with their customer service.  I pulled up to the entrance of this parking facility, the attendant greeted me, I handed her my reservation and she explained where to park and wished me a Merry Christmas with a smile.  By the time I'd parked and unloaded my luggage, there was a shuttle van stopped near my vehicle, and the driver was there to assist me with my bags. The drivers of the shuttles to and from the airport were both friendly, upbeat and joked with the passengers.   When I returned to the lot, I was dropped off within 3 feet of my vehicle, and when I went to pay and exit the lot, before I had the chance to hand over my ticket, the attendant greeted me with a smile and handed me a complimentary chilled bottle of water.This place cares about their customers, they want to earn your business and it shows.   In an age where customer service seems lacking, many places could take a lesson from Park 'N Go IMO.One thing to keep in mind when using this facility is that they DO NOT have shuttle busses that continuously drive through the terminal at FLL.  Once your flight arrives and you've collected your bags, you then call them at the number on a card they give you, and they'll dispatch a shuttle to meet you at your terminal.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/14/2007,5/17/2008,620,469,,5,4>Went here with my Grandmother when I was in town for a wedding.  We used to go to "the cove" which I thought was a little better.  The coffee here wasn't that good.  I had some nice slices of belly lox to go along with my bagel as well as some whitefish.  Both the lox and whitefish were very tasty.  The OJ tasted like it was from frozen concentrate and I couldn't even drink it.  The service is good, as my grandmother goes there all the time and the waitress that is there used to know her from "the cove"  so she takes care of us.  If you want some good lox and a bagel, I'd recommend it.  The parking could be difficult as the small lot fills up quickly.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2007,5/16/2008,69,355,1,6,4>We had a phenomenal time here. We didn't have any of the service problems the other reviews mentioned- actually the service was excellent. We had the front circular table for six, which was wonderful. The food was great, although the recommended 3 plates a person would have been ridiculous- we got 1 plate per person and two for the table to split, which was perfect. The lobster nachos, pizza, greek salad, and tuna with watermelon were the best of the bunch. We also got a scorpion bowl, which was great.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/14/2007,5/15/2008,71,172,6,8,5>Just a quick summery for you boys and girls:Two best thing about this hotel are.A.The temperature inside the hotel is so low on the hot summer days, that the windows fill up with condensation.  This give the hotel a really "chill" while keeping you "Cool" at the same time (Gosh that was lame)B. Their hotel pool stays open for 24 hours.  So if you get back from the clubs and whatnot, you can get in your skivvies and take a dip.  Drinks are allowed at the pool.C.Location, Location, Location.  Right in the heart of everything.And the bad.A.The pool is quite skeptical, as you can not see your feet looking down in the water.  Either due to over chlorination, which I think (Hope) is the case, or due to overuse.B.Its not exactly a pool to stay at if you have young kids or if you are an old couple looking for quite time.  It is more of a adult spring break type pool.C.Rooms are Small, like dorm room quads.Ok Bye.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2007,5/14/2008,16,22,2,3,2>Awesome joint to hang out at on a Tuesday or Thursday night.I was introduced to this place by my friend Katya S., who promoted here (not sure if she still does).  She's one of the coolest people I met in Sobe and I have to give her credit for the amazing time I had when I lived in South Beach.  If you are lucky enough to happen to catch her here, you'll know who she is: she's the one who knows EVERYONE!Touch has a number of things going for it:1.  Cool crowd - a mix of young professionals who are willing to have a conversation and out of towners who are interested in experiencing a local feel outside of Ocean Ave.2.  Friendly bartenders (major props to Jolene for being COOL as ICE).3.  Some of the smokingly hottest entertainers in South Beach.  These aren't no Mango Mango girls dancing on a bar.  These are women doing fire dances and playing gourd instruments with serious skill who are seriously put together.4.  I've never had a full meal here, but I can tell you that the apps are delish.The decor of the place is beautiful, but you'll end up spending more time looking at the entertainment regardless.The one drawback is that the bar area is not that big so it fills up pretty quickly.  The bar is also circular so it can be annoyingly hard to get a drink on a crowded night.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2007,5/13/2008,156,263,3,2,4>This is a four-and-a-half-stars place. Certainly the culinary peak of my visit to Miami. Just a short block from the hectic, thick vibe of the Ocean Drive scene, this palm- and banana-  leaf, twinkle-lit patio is a laid-back escape. We were planning on having the $35 Miami-Spice special prix fixe (much the same scheme as the SF Dine-About-town promotion), but struggled to find a vegetarian entree (although both of the starters were veggie and interesting). In the end, we were swayed by the waiters recommendation that we go with the "Vegetarian Five" - a veggie platter, where the chef will conjure up a platter of 5 veggie varieties, based on, but not limited to, the side-dishes and healthy accompaniments to the on the extensive meat and fish dishes.We made our meat-free selections, leaving a few items to the whimsy of the chef, While we waited, To drink I had my habitual dry Kettle One martini, up, olive, staying clear of the interesting looking, but way too sweet-sounding "Electronic Cocktails", which came with illuminated, blinking ice-cubes and colorful multi-layered liquors.! nice touch was the surprise delivery of a tiny alcoholic, mango smoothie , served in a little shot glass with a straw. Booze amuse bouche!So, we had the greens with lychees and mango to start, which was unbeatable. One of the best salads I have ever eaten! Eva!For the entrees, our two-times-veggie-five came with a total of nine separate little dishes, of which eight were just totally scrumptious. Chick-pea tottellini was proably my favorite, although I liked the deep-fried mac-n-cheese too!The dessert was a little disappointing, the ice-cream being below-par and the fruit platter being very large, but overpriced The service was excellent, with the waiter being both entertaining and attentive. More than that, as a member of the vegetarian persuasion, I found that the kitchen, the waiter, and all were eager to please and more than capable of doing so. Add this to the laid back sultry atmosphere and you have a evening to remember.(Booze amuse bouche! Just the chance to say that again could keep me coming back!)
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2008,5/12/2008,441,626,,4,3>Checked out some comedy the other night at the Colony. Nice little theater that apparently gets some big names from time to time.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2008,5/11/2008,114,184,4,5,4>Butt implants. Call me naive but I didn't realize they existed.Until three girls got up on the bar, part of the rotating guy to girl trio show that happens pretty much all night, and one was showing them off. The dancers and waiters all wore neon leopard print attire and when they got up on the bar - they were pretty good dancers - at least always interesting to watch.So the scene is equipped with mood lighting, murals, dancers on bars, drooling guys or girls staring at them and tourists attempting to dance.I thought I was going to a salsa club - my one night in Miami - but on Monday there wasn't a salsa dancer in sight. So I drank lots of Mojitos. Lets just say, I haven't had one since that night due to the painful next morning.However - I don't know that anything like it exists outside Miami - in the US at least - so i appreciate its wild flavor.Also, the bartenders were nice.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2007,5/10/2008,10,9,3,5,3>I'm such a foodie and will eat anything (except celery - don't ask).  Indian is one of my favorite cuisines (along with sushi and Ethiopian) so I was very excited to find some good reviews about Anokha.The food was surprisingly good (and I say surprisingly because Washington, D.C. - where I'm from - has some of the best ever Indian restaurants) and their wine selection was even better.  This is a bit pricier than I expected (about $12.00 per plate and wine is about $8 a glass).  Expect to spend approximately $80 for two people (2 entrees, 2 glasses of wine, a basket of flatbread, and tip).Their flatbreads are slap-your-granny good!  I wanted to order a whole lot more but was already stuffed with my shajahani paneer with basmati rice.  Very delicious.  My dining partner had a shrimp dish (the name of the dish escapes me right now) and she reported that it was delicious.  We plan to bring our husbands next time!The only negative is parking (if you read my other reviews, you will see that parking is a make or break star for me).  The only parking is on-street and you're lucky if you can find a parking meter that works.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2007,5/9/2008,38,38,1,4,5>When my wife and I met friends at Versailles we were once again amazed by the crystal chandeliers, candelabras, and gilded mirrors with backlit cherubic etchings that suggested the namesake French Chateau. As a tuxedoed gentleman greeted us and helped us locate our group I was struck by the crowd and the atmosphere: parties of two, four, or more enjoying soup, coffee, baskets of bread...sounds of children laughing, clinking silverware and chairs being scooteded as waiters rushed about balancing overloaded trays of steaming food. The aromas of coffee, warm cakes, and fresh baked bread convinced me...we were in a Diner! Versailles is a hustling, bustling, embodiment of an old town Havana Diner chock full of Cuban authenticity. No wonder this place is so popular with the locals!As we sat down our waiter delivered press toasted bread with a just dusting of butter. Crisp on the outside, warm and doughy on the inside, with just a hint of garlic, it made me realize how hungry I was. Not to worry! The bread was immediately followed by trays of appetizer samplers someone had already ordered. We sampled Empanadas filled with cheese, Croquetas filled with minced ham, Yucca fries, and Plantain chips with an interesting creamy, garlicky dipping sauce infused with mint. Our friend Robert raised an eyebrow towards me as the waiter brought a little plastic cup of something. I think there was a glimmer in his eye as he drizzled the contents over some of the plantain chips. Wow! That homemade "Mojo" delivered a serious garlic kick to the chips. We had a laugh as I commented that the fried appetizers paired quite well with the effervescence of the Mojitos.Ever the adventurer I ordered the Lengua Asada (Beef Tongue slow cooked in its own gravy) much to the chagrin of my wife who ordered Chicken in a garlic sauce. Also ordered was a Baby Churrasco (Skirt Steak with Chimichurri Sauce), Chicken Milanesa (Breaded and sauted then baked topped with a thin slice of ham, creamy tomato sauce, and cheese), Stewed Ox Tails, and one Croqueta Preparada (a sandwich of ham and spiced pork with mustard, pickles, swiss cheese, and two chicken or ham croquetas). The prices here are an exceptional value with only two of our entrees topping out at $12.95. As expected I had to put up with some goodhearted wisecracks from the peanut gallery as I enjoyed my Tongue dish but enjoy it I did. It tasted like the most velvety tender pot roast one could imagine with a thin gravy that added a new dimension of flavor when sopped up with the black beans and rice. I ate every bite along with the interestingly prepared plantains; sliced on a bias and probably tossed on a griddle much like home fries they were soft and sweet inside with tasty caramelized bits on the outside.The Chicken in garlic sauce was moist and perfectly cooked breast tenderloins in an intense garlic gravy over white rice. The sauce was almost too garlicky for me but my wife loved it. More to my liking was the very tender Baby Churrasco steak grilled to a perfect medium rare with a Chimichurri sauce of parsley, green onions and yes, more garlic! Churrasco is one of my favorite Cuban dishes and this is one of the better versions I have tried. For me It is probably second only to the house Churrasco at El Siboney in Key West. Though I didn't sample the other dishes at our table I heard no complaints. The Ox Tails looked as though they were prepared with care with a nice caramelized sear before slow stewing to a falling off the bone tenderness. Judging by the look of sheer joy on my friend Herman's face as he devoured every trace I may have to try these the next time we visit. The Chicken Milanesa looked interesting and I will probably have to try a Croqueta Preparada one of these days as well. I simply didn't have room to sample it all. Proportions over all were plenty generous without being over the top. However, we were all too full to order dessert.Service was very good as usual. We had a waiter with two assistants for our party of 6. They were formal yet friendly and attentive without being overbearing, keeping glasses full and whisking away empty plates. We never felt rushed. As we lingered over caf con leches I enjoyed the people watching and the culture reminiscent of what Havana surely must have been like in its heyday. I was comfortable sharing this warm moment with friends as we laughed and enjoyed the ambiance. Versailles is by no means a gourmet restaurant. The food, while good, is not fine dining or "knock your socks off" Cubano cuisine. If that is what you seek look elsewhere.Versailles is, for all intents and purposes, a neighborhood Diner. For me though, it is also a state of mind.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2007,5/8/2008,190,45,1,4,5>Followed Jordan N's footsteps. Jumped on the Mover from Brickell to find this little jem of a cafe in Downtown. Two of my coworkers are Jamaican so when i told them I found a spot for them we had to go try it out.Good: The place is super clean. The husband and wife owners are the staff and provided incredible service. The kind of service you cannot find in Miami. There is nice selection of dishes to have for lunch. We had the brown chicken stew . You have a choice of white rice or rice with beans, and a selection of cabbage or fried plantains. The meal was about $7 with a Jamaican soda. The chicken was so tender it fell off the bone. Very tasty dish. Other dishes include curry goat and some other Jamaican favorites.Bad: The food is served Piccadilly/Cafeteria style. Which some people might not like. NOTE: They also have counter service of some type where you can get some Jamaican Patty's for on the go Caribbean style dining. Great place.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,5/19/2013,423,372,11,14,13>I was so stoked to stumble across Fritay last night! Fritay is tucked away in an older plaza, so it could easily get lost as you drive along NW 7th AVE, but this food and prices should not be missed. What a tiny little hidden gem in such an unassuming location. The name says it all (Fritay = Fried), so don't expect to eat light at this spot. Jump right in and throw that diet out the window, because they are definitely doing something right, they've been open for 5 years -even through the recession! The prices are so reasonable; it made me feel like I was back home. The Special Meal includes a sampler of three meats, rice and three sides! This was perfect because we wanted to be able to try it all. The griot and pikliz were on time and my new favorite Haitian treats are: Marinads - similar to a conch fritter, but can be made with any type of seafood added to the batter, then fried up & Acras - fried Malaga and batter mix - oh yeah! But guess what Yelpies??? Say you're cruising up NW 7th AVE craving a little snack, well, you can just swing by and hit up Fritay's dollar menu!! That's right, I said dollar menu. Other than the food, my second favorite part is that when you are craving a tasty fried treat for what you would pay for a national fast food chain, you can support an awesome local business owner!! Way to go Fritay, I'm a fan!!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,5/18/2013,490,388,4,9,9>The customer service here is wonderful - from making my appointment over the phone to my nail technician to the owners, everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating. The gentleman on the phone who took my appointment request made a mistake and scheduled me at their closing time on a Sunday, however I was taken in without a hitch once arriving. My nail technician seemed to still be learning the art of acrylic nails, as they weren't quite perfect (they were a little thick, taking a long time to dry and came out a little uneven), but they were good enough. I was going on a business trip the next day and they lasted perfectly. I would go back and just ask them to make my nails a little thinner, and pay more attention to the surface. They were so friendly, I'm sure they would accommodate any requests. I saw several others getting shellac and regular manicures, which all looked great. They have a lot of the new Essie colors to choose from, which I loved. Once my nails were finished, I was a little worried about getting to my car before the time expired, since I had to park far away due to a Heat game. The owner mentioned that I should have parked in the building, as the valet there is only a few dollars (I can't remember the exact amount - I think around $4-5) with validation from the salon. Definitely will park there next time. My nail technician then offered to drive me to my car! So sweet :) A great addition to Downtown - I will be going back for sure.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,5/17/2013,250,256,9,13,10>WHAT is wrong with me. I ordered Andiamo! three times in one weekend last fall and I haven't even reviewed them?! Shame on me. Andiamo's has the best pizza in Miami, perhaps the world. Hush puppies, all you NY pizza and Chicago pizza snobs. I don't like that mess. It's boring/too saucy/too meaty/too thick/frozen/canned/yucky. I like Andiamo's and I'm right. Here's why. It's FRESH. They make their own dough and sauce and all of the ingredients are fresh (i.e., not frozen or canned or bottled boxed cellophaned or packaged in any way). They don't oversauce it. The crust is the right thickness, which is to say, thin. Crust is analogous to an artist's canvas, upon which paint or ingredients are strewn. It need not be fussy or get in the way of the main attraction. They don't skimp on the toppings, and they bake that shit in a brick oven before serving it piping hot.So the quality of the pizza is unrivaled, you've gathered as much. Andiamo! also presents a vast array of creative gourmet pies which have been designed for your enjoyment. They're all amazing, but our favorites include the Popeye (the choice of ricotta is brilliant), Mediterraneo (it's kinda healthy), Portobello (sweet caramalized onions mmmm), and South Philly (spicy goodness). Always with a large Andiamo salad on the side.Besides the pizza itself, I would be remiss if I failed to mention the efficient delivery system. Friendly on the phone, fast to your door. I've dined on their patio, too, and haven't had reason to complain about the waiter service, either. Plus it's damn cute and has a freaking CAR WASH in the store. Does your pizza place have a car wash? I didn't think so.Bottom Line: Duh, best pizza ever.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,5/16/2013,352,828,8,14,8>The 2013 NBA Playoff Season arrives and Miami Heat fans look forward to the Playoffs. If you are looking for Playoff tickets, the NBA Heat Resale Marketplace  website, Ticketmaster and Stubhub are trusted sources. All of these sites offer instant delivery and some tickets can be purchased up to game time. I would not recommend buying them in front of the arena since law enforcement will be seen arresting ticket scalpers. The lower bowl seats (section 100) will sell for around $200+, with sections 300 and 400 going for less. The 2013 NBA Team features a starting lineup of LeBron James, Dwyane Wade, Chris Bosh, Mario Chalmers and Udonis Haslem with a strong support cast of Ray Allen, Chris Anderson, Joel Anthony, Shane Battier, Norris Cole, Juwan Howard, James Jones, Rashard Lewis, Mike Miller and Jarvis Varnado. Coach Erik Spoelstra and the rest of the Miami Heat Coaching Staff led the Heat to a 66-16 record this year, best in the NBA. If attending a playoff game this year, some things to know: - The theme for the 2013 Playoffs is white so if you plan on attending the playoffs, you should wear a white heat shirt. If you don't have one, they usually give one out during the first game of a playoff series. - The gates usually open 1 1/2 hours before the start of a game. - You can take public transportation to the game. The Metro Mover has extended service during the playoffs. However, the Metro Mover service usually ends at 12-midnight, so if you miss the last train, you'll need to catch a cab. - There are parking lots around the arena from $20+. If you find a free paybyphone meter, you can park there. Make sure you check if there is a maximum time limit. - Many tickets are Ticketmaster PDF versions. If you don't have time to print your tickets, there is a place at the arena to print your tickets (but it will take extra time).If you plan on eating at the game, traditional popular items include: Chicken and Fries Basket, 2 Jumbo Dogs, Papa Johns Pizza, Rosa Mexican Guac and Chips, Wok Chicken or Beef Noodles, Sushi or Nachos. For the 2013 Playoffs, I recently attended a food tasting with a new menu by the Levy Group. The Concessions are run by Levy Restaurants, which also runs the concessions at the Miami Marlins Ball Park. New items on the menu will include the Prime Steakhouse Cheddar Burger (it was wonderful!), a SOBE Fish Taco (crispy, not too spicy) and White Hot Heat Popcorn. If you are fortunate enough to get into one of the suites, there is a Niman Ranch Beef Short Ribs,Char-Grilled Peppercorn Tenderloin and Lobster Quesidilla that were all very good. As far as drinks, there is both bottled and draft beer. If you get a soft drink, the large size comes with a souvenir cup that you can take home. It comes with unlimited refills, although if you refill it too many times, you might miss some of the game. If you drink comes in a bottle, they will take the cap off. I assume it's because they don't want disgruntled opposing team fans throwing them on the floor. There are bars setup throughout the arena where you can get a mixed drink or a beer. For the playoffs, they will be serving up some 2013 Playoff Drinks which include the Moet Ice that comes in a souvenir white cup, the Moet Gran Brut Champagne, the MO-HEAT-O, the White Hot Sangria and the Agua Fesca. At one of the recent Heat events, I got to sample all of them! If you are wondering what you can and cannot take into the arena, you can't take a professional camera (an SLR where the lens comes off). If you are sitting in the lower bowl first 10 or so rows, you shouldn't use a camera flash. If you do, the usher or security will ask you not to use it. That said, if you sit behind the basket, I personally don't believe you should use your camera Flash, especially when a Heat Player is on the free throw line - just can't believe the NBA doesn't have a rule against it. I've also seen them ask people to check backpacks, large bags, iPad, computer laptops etc. You can enter the arena at the main entrance. If it is very crowded, I recommend going to the very middle. You will be asked to take everything out of your pockets as they use a hand metal detector. You can also enter on the South Entrance across from Bayside. This should be a very exciting 2013 Playoffs. Go Heat!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/15/2013,211,141,6,10,6>Pizzarium is my hands-down favorite slice pizza joint in the Central Business District #DWNTWN.  I've only been to about a half-dozen places, but at this time, Pizzarium is IT.It's housed in a nicely decorated, clean, modern space on Flagler Street a little east of Miami Avenue, with plenty of indoor seating.  You order at the counter, and are issued a numbered little stand, and after your pizza is heated it's delivered to your table.  There's a customer accessible soda fountain, with all the free refills one might want.The pizzas are pre-cooked, and a variety of delightful, authentic, Italian-style toppings are on the displayed pizzas at the counter.  The signage boasts of "all-fresh, organic seasonal vegetables" etc,  The pizzas are square, and cut into about 4" x 4" squares.  A "slice" is a pair of squares.  A "taster slice" is one square.  The taster slice is a great way to mix and match pizza types, especially if you are not with a group.  There are 27 pizzas described on the menu.  I'm not sure whether all are available simultaneously, but there were quite a few each time I've been there.The crust is amaaaaazzzing.  It's made with Italian flour, and the dough is what as known in the baking business as "retarded."  The rising is slowed by refrigeration, allowing lots of bubbles to form without overly heavy use of yeast.  The result is a medium-thickness, light and airy crust, crisp on the outside without being dense.The tomato sauce on the types I had was fresh-tasting, and tasted like it was made in-house, as described on the menu.  There were fresh, whole basil leaves on my Margherita slices.  The cheese was a nice, fresh, mild mozzarella.Prices run from $3.00 to $5.50 per double-slice, with most being $4.95.  Service was fairly quick - after getting a soda, picking a table and getting settled and checking in on Yelp, the food arrives quickly, served on little wooden faux pizza paddles.Recommended!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,5/14/2013,82,120,5,7,5>you say you like authentic chinese cuisine? well then, my friend - you got to check out this place...located just east of Miller Square in west kendall, you will find this place packed every night w asians getting their grub on! why do you ask? the food is that good!the decor is that of a typical mom & pop restaurant operation and there is not much to be said about the interior design or the lack thereof but for all that they saved on the decor, they made up on the quality and taste of the food served here!first off, clearly the best singapore stir fried mei fun noodles we have had and trust me, we have tried quite a few! it's our favorite dry noodle dish and these folks know how it's done! also worthy to mention is the yeung chow fried rice here is fresh and great! other dishes worth mentioning include snow pea tips w garlic, crispy salted chicken, salt & pepper squid or shrimp, sweet & sour pork chops (HK style), steamed fish w scallions and ginger, and sauteed mussels w garlic...the bathrooms are like the rest of the decor, outdated but nonetheless clean and better than average... there is a nice aquarium by the entrance to the kitchen where kids love to check out but please don't tell them that those are the very same that end up on the lazy susan either steamed or fried ready for you to consume! =)note: if you are a big group or planning a birthday or celebration, it is definitely a good idea to check w the restaurant and make a reservation esp. if it's on the weekend... and if you plan to bring a cake, there is no cake cutting charge! they accept credit cards here and the wait staff here speak cantonese and mandarin so you can practice your broken chinese here... there is also the americanized chinese food menu available for the honey chickens and the special fried rice folks but I would highly recommend ordering from the "chinese" menu!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,5/13/2013,159,118,12,11,10>As much as I would like to keep Sweet Dogs all to myself, I won't. This is what a hot dog place should be. In the words of the owner, Victor, "I want people to think: If I want a hot dog, I'm going to Sweet Dogs." And there are damn good dogs to be had.I tried the Marlin which is topped with guava BBQ sauce, a fried egg, fried sweet plantains, banana peppers, and potato sticks. It was a great combination! I honestly picked it because I wanted to have something I didn't think I would enjoy. Crazy, right? Well, Victor proved me wrong. All the ingredients combined perfectly. He has the kind of imagination I could only achieve after consulting a vaporizer.The attention and friendliness we got was second to none. We got samples of the mac n cheese and the BBQ beans. The mac n cheese was good but man those beans were on a whole other level. I ordered a side of the beans and they're topped with chopped onions and cheddar cheese. Excellent!The portion size is just right. It's so much better on all levels than the Colombian hot dog places all over Miami. I didn't feel like a bag of lard waiting to be harvested by Tyler Durden after my meal.Enjoy this place now while it's slow because I can guarantee one day it'll be packed around the clock.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,5/12/2013,518,294,1,3,3>My son and I have been here for a couple of plays and they have all been pretty good!  We saw "Alexander and the horrible, terrible, etc...", "Snow White", "Peter Rabbit and the Garden of Doom"!  My son enjoys the plays and is beginning to recognize the actors from play to play!  The director Earl is very animated and you can see his love and enthusiasm for the craft when he speaks.  He sounds so passionate about it!  He even gave my son and his Cub Scout Pack a backstage tour!  That was pretty sweet!Great family fun at a reasonable price and to me when you expose your children to the arts it's an experience you never forget and it instills at least an appreciation if not love for the arts!  Their summer camp is a bit pricey for me right now but will try to keep it as a goal for next summer! I love this place, you can also grab lunch somewhere on Miracle Mile after enjoying a play!  Best place to park is the garages, otherwise you'd pay more parking on the street.  I've enjoyed performances from Ann Marie Olson and Clay Cartland is EXCELLENT!!!Cant' wait to see "GODSPELL" in October!!!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,5/11/2013,17,35,1,5,7>The ArtCenter/ South Florida is a cultural jewel among the tourist oriented, Euro-themed restaurants and cafes that litter the Lincoln Road promenade. Inside this center, there are dozens of artist studios.... each with a big window, so you can look in and see them working.  This center provides a unique opportunity to not only become inspired artistically, but to observe and chat with local clever craftsmen up close.  The most recent exhibition, "The Afterlife" with works by Byron Keith Byrd, Alex Heria and Franklin Sinanan explored the concept of the afterlife in a bizarre and inquisitive way. Indeed, whether an individual believes in God, Allah, Buddha, Jesus, Zeus or a Higher Power, the afterlife is a core concept for most religions. Below are some insights from my walk around: Upon entry, I was a little affronted. First, I saw the "Religious Trap"... where 312 spring-loaded mousetraps were arranged to form a huge Christian cross. Next, I saw an illuminated "Sweet Jesus" sign that was reminiscent of a sign outside of a Deep South tent revival. It is, after all, sometimes, low lying fruit and popular to dissect the errors with organized religion. Thus, I was uninspired and bored. However, I went back again with a more open mind. It isn't fair, after all, for one to dismiss a whole exhibit after a cursory walk-through. Perhaps, these artists can peel back the veil on something otherworldly.First, I came across the colored photograph, "Blue Jesus" that was embellished in a gaudy floral golden frame. In the photo, Jesus was blessing me in 3D while dressed in a bejeweled robe. The features of his face were not in porcelain, rather they were of plastic. He was illuminated by a stream of light that elegantly shone through trees in the backdrop. That particular stream of light was the only item that looked true in the photo. As Jesus was bejeweled, 3D, plastic and in an exaggerated frame... the piece to me represented the man-made version of him. Under those man-made layers and illusions, may lay truth. Afterward, I went over to the "Life's Journey Altar" that was made from blackened Styrofoam wig heads, African and Buddhist masks, voodoo candles, plastic flowers, wooden rosaries, feathers, crosses, sundry liquor bottles, offerings, and a plastic slave ship. I hypothesize that it was a motley mixture of artifacts constructed by global cultures trying to understand the mystery of what happens after death in a tangible form.There was an untitled piece of mixed media in the back that caught me off guard... for it had a white doll with a crossed out neck holding a yo-yo while inside a womb. The piece also contained a half man/dog over a fire, bones, skulls, a coffin, piranhas, candles and tulips. Similar to life... it was incredibly complicated and mysterious. In addition, it represented a complimentary dualism of sorts as it had prints of life, death, light and dark. At the end, there was a painting of a dead black bird with an illuminating quote underneath. The quote read... "Flee as a bird to your mountain... for LOOK! The wicked bend their bow... they make ready their arrow or string and they may shoot secretly upright in heart." Indeed, the history of man is not only wrought with war, but with dogmatic religions that replace mystery with certainty. Don't be ensnared. Respect the mystery and the journey. Remember, we are free. We are free.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,5/10/2013,708,615,8,9,7>Shhhh! Don't tell my boyfriend that I really love steak. We all know that men love a good juicy ribeye, but us ladies like to get in on the action too; so when my boyfriend kept saying he really really needed a steak for dinner, I "gave in" and took him to Siga la Vaca. Hadn't heard too much about it but it's in the hood and the Yelp coupon made it the perfect pick. It was pretty empty on a Saturday night, but I am hoping that at other times it's more crowded because I want this place to stick around. The servers were all really friendly - they kept the wine flowing and eagerly provided whatever we needed. From the fresh salad bar and delicious empanadas that began the meal, to the amazing key lime pie that ended it, it was nearly impossible to stop eating. What happened in between was equivalent to a meat lovers heaven - I especially loved the morcilla, skirt steak, ribs and grilled potatoes. The men cooking the meat were extra pleasant, making it even harder to not go up for seconds, and thirds, and...Every once in a while, nothing sounds as good as an Argentinean steakhouse and I encourage you to give this one a try! Pretty soon, I might be the one begging HIM for a steak dinner.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,12/21/2010,224,140,8,10,6>I ducked into Panifiore the other day to avoid getting drenched during Tropical Storm Nicole and glad I did.It is decorated like a modern Italian bistro with lots of muted orange and green - small but comfortable tables and chairs and a few booths.The highlights:Good sandwich and soup combosFree wifiDirty style sea salt chips Italian food mixed  salsa music playingGood magazine section too Icy machine yay !!!I had delicious sandwich with roast beef and 3 cheeses and arugula - I am not an arugula guy but it taste pretty good on the sandwich.I love the way the woman at the counter great everyone with " Hiiiiiiiiiiii " you just have to hear itFor about $9 you can have a filling healthy lunch that you won't be ashamed of eating and burping up in front of your co workers in the afternoon.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,12/20/2010,43,42,6,11,8>Its pretty simple, Mikan provides Brickell residents with fresh, simple, reasonably priced Japanese cuisine, specifically, excellent sushi. Unlike many other Brickell sushi spots, Mikan doesn't attempt to portray the false high end, eat here to be seen, Ed Hardy wearing dining scene which turns me away from so many restaurants. No, in a land of over-priced, underwhelming, and quite annoying sushi options, Mikan is there to serve the sushi simpleton. I usually go with the spicy tuna roll ($4.99), a spicy hamachi  roll ($4.99), and the spicy crunchy roll (spicy tuna + avocado + crunchy tempura flakes) ($6.99). I really enjoy the spicy tuna and hamachi recipes here for its simplicity. Also, the sushi chef will make it as spicy as you want upon request. Another dish worth mentioning is Mikan's version of hamachi jalapeno (Nobu style), but for about half the price that Nobu charges. Now, I'm not claiming  that Mikan executes the dish on the same level as Nobu does, but if your heart desires those are flavors (yellowtail + jalapeno + yuzu), as mine often does, you can fulfill your yearnings here. So, if at the end of the day you want (a) sushi, (b) that is safe to eat (ie. fresh), (c) in Miami, (d) without going into bankruptcy; then Mikan is a solid choice.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,12/19/2010,77,119,4,8,8>Best thing Joe ever did was open its "Take Away". If you're familiar with Joe's regular dining SOP's, you know to usually expect an hour wait on a good day. Here, there's no wait and the same stone crabs you came for. Yesterday, I literally ordered at the counter and by the time I finished signing my receipt, PRESTO...the food was already in hand to take home. Just because it's take away doesn't mean you have no where to eat there. You do! There's actually a lot more seating area than you think. Now, I don't think you can order a steak on this side of Joe's, but if you're looking for sandwiches, fish, soup, sweet potato fries or crabs, you're golden. While there is plenty of parking, it is so fast, that I think you can even pull your car up the door.Joe's Take Away takes 5 minutes for a dinner or lunch that people wait for hours.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,12/18/2010,82,128,5,12,9>Its been my experience that I am consistently impressed by The Ritz-Carlton. My Sunday brunch at The Ritz-Carlton Key Biscayne was no exception. Never a fan of mass produced foods I have always been skeptical of brunch. Three of us went to enjoy a beautiful day and have a few drinks by the beach. Because this review is about the brunch and not the hotel, you'll just have to assume that everywhere you turn from the valet to the house keeping staff you'll be impressed. Now on to brunch!When you arrive you'll be escorted by the host/ess who will take you on a tour of everything offered. Let me just take a moment to list a few of the items that were there. Three types of caviar, rack of lamb, whole snapper, risotto, cheese station, sushi, and sooo much more. There is a whole bar where a bartender serves bloody marys, mimosa's, blennies, and just about anything else you want to order (or your server will bring you what ever you want to your table).Speaking of bringing things to your table when you want eggs benedict/waffles (blueberry, pecan, with whipped cream, fresh fruit or otherwise) ask your server. To keep these from over cooking or drying out they are made to order. Bravo! Each station around has a uniformed chef attending it to keep the food up to par and is discarded after it needs to be, no ifs ands or buts.Truly, if you are looking for a outstanding brunch experience look no further. The price is a bit high (about $75) but it's The Ritz, you should be expecting that, and your getting your money's worth. 2.5 hours of drinks, caviar, waffles, and desserts later I was quite happy. A nice walk around the hotel grounds and I was done for the day.I give this brunch 5 stars, absolutely outstanding. I don't really care for brunch but this made a believer out of me. I can't wait for my next chance to go. Word of warning; this is a marathon, not a sprint.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,12/17/2010,170,154,4,7,12>I was lucky enough to be invited to a private party at the Soho House.  I had heard about it through different articles, and I had read about its exclusivity.  It was everthing that they had described.  The actual building is not too big, but its gorgeous, the lobby is decorated in dark wood and white.  I visited the 2nd floor where there was a beautiful bar decorated all in white, with ceramic cuban tile on the floor, and a jazz trio playing live music, just a very relaxed atmosphere with some people dancing and some just conversing.  The pool area had another bar with oversized patio furniture and music playing, oh yeah and complimentary cocktails!!  It was awesome, a really great time in a beautiful place.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,12/16/2010,34,306,4,7,6>The pastries are homemade and delicious. It is one of the few places I can get an authentic coffee eclair (2.50). The almond chocolate croissant ($3) was amazing as well. For lunch I had the quiche and salad combo ($6). The quiche lorraine was perfectly cheesy, with enough ham, creamy, and a nice buttery crust. The salads all looked very fresh and I decided to try the smoked salmon and cucmber salad (very clean flavors and tasty). I had a bite of the ham and gruyere panini which my friend and I both loved. I'm definitely coming back.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,12/15/2010,75,268,6,9,11>AMAZING! INCREDIBLE! EXHILARATING! WONDERFUL! FUN! ENERGETIC! and oh sooooo many more adjectives that I can not think of right now but WOW!!! what an event! I wasn't able to participate this year but I'll be ready for 2011 (God willing) This event is incredible well planned and organized. You have more that 18,000 people participating and the energy is hard to describe. Even though you have to get up before dawn (up by 4am) it is worth it. I waited at the cheering zone by mile 10.8 along with hundreds of other supporters and, let me tell you, it was an experience. Like I already said but HAVE to say again, the energy is HUGE! they have a huge tent with water and juice, delicious Publix chocolate chip cookies, posters you can use to cheer the runners/walkers, cow bells, cones, whistles and balloons. The weather was perfect, it wasn't too hot but it wasn't cold either, the sun stayed out of the way for the most part and the rain was very light and only a couple of times. At the finish line, all the participants get a gorgeous medal, they get water, fruits, cookies and their families excitedly waiting for them. The wheelchair participants are AMAZING too, they give you more energy than you already have. Looking forward to a year full mental and physical preparations to participate in the event next year.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,12/14/2010,113,143,5,8,6>Yuuuuuuuuuummmmmyyyy!  I bought a Groupon deal from LA Sweets and got 12 mini cupcakes for $6.00.  I got around to picking up the cupcakes today and I love that their mini cupcakes are small, but not tiny.  So far, I've only tasted the Rocky Road cupcake, but it was sooo good.  The frosting was really chocolatey and the cupcake was moist.  It's taking all of my will to not dive into the box that still contains 11 mini cupcakes.Today, they had a pretty good variety of flavors including chocolate toffee, vanilla toffee, chocolate peanut butter, rum, almond vanilla, and more.  I was hoping to sample their red velvet but they didn't have it today. The only problem with this store is that since it's inside Sunset Place, the parking can be an issue if you just want to walk in and grab a few cupcakes...and with the fierce cupcake competition in the area, it's a lot easier to just stop in at Buttercream.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,12/13/2010,202,177,6,8,7>So the dipping sauce for their wings is Blue Cheese Gorgonzola and it is still as good as ever! They had live music last night which was pretty good (didn't start till around 10:30pm) but man the place was packed for a Wednesday night! I also had the Andouille Sausage Bisque which is FAN-tastic!! They changed their menu a bit but everything is just as good as ever! The only problem was we tried a new appetizer the Tostones, which come stuffed with shrimp and topped with cheese but they overcooked the tostones.. they were like little stone cups! We were both trying to cut them with butter knives and it was a task. So a miss on that one but yummmmm altogether!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,12/12/2010,178,264,4,13,11>I love a "hole in the wall" with great food.  Substantial is a perfect example.  Located in a warehouse/commercial area sits this little sub shop where you watch them make your order fresh.  The "small" subs are huge and everything I've tried has been good or great.  My favorite is a hot turkey, ham and roast beef on wheat.  They have tons of choices for subs, tons of soda choices on the fountain with both Pepsi and Coke products, and sides including many fried items, side salads, potato salad, chips, etc.  The seating accommodations are far from fancy but the food is worth the visit.  Say hello to the super friendly cashier guy who always has jokes and banter to lighten your mood!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,5/24/2012,210,101,12,14,13>So it's kind of difficult to give a restaurant a 5 out of 5, just like how I find it difficult to give a movie a 10 out of 10, unless it blows me away.  However, giving the Pincho Factory a 5 out of 5 was ridiculously easy!Now aside from the fact that after eating at the Pincho Factory, my husband and I HATED ourselves for letting ourselves go and just pigging out, the food was the "bomb . com!"  And yes, that will be the first and last time I type "bomb . com."The decor was on the modern side and the place was small - it only had a few tables and a couch area.  They have their usual food items on the menu (burgers, pinchos, hot dogs, etc.) and then a special menu to the side with their not-so-usual items.  The staff was very welcoming.  The prices are decent for what you get.We decided to have the Western Burger (burger with bacon, onion strings, and bbq sauce), Foreman Burger (a burger with two grilled cheese sandwiches instead of the buns), Cajun Fries (fries with grilled onions and pink sauce), a Steak Pincho (meat on a stick!), and the Fried Cheesecake (think of it as a cheesecake chimichanga!).The Western Burger and the Foreman Burger were both flavorful and the burger was well-seasoned.  Now, the Cajun Fries - I didn't realize that I was eating most of the fries until the husband called me out on it!  They are SO good and highly addictive - I actually want an order NOW!  The fries were extra crunchy, even with the grilled red onions, pink sauce (probably ketchup and mayo) and seasoning. Let's talk about the Steak Pincho (which comes with cilantro sauce).  Now, to quote the husband "This is better than the meats on the sword at Texas de Brazil!"  WHAT!?!  Yes, the meat was THAT flavorful, THAT tender, and THAT damn good!Fried Cheesecake.  A crunchy roll with cheesecake goodness inside, drizzled with chocolate sauce and condensed milk.  Do not leave this place without trying this!!!  Loved it!We will definitely be back to pig out!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,5/23/2012,21,69,9,13,11>I used to go to the RTB in NYC when I lived there. I was too, way too happy for words when I found out that there was one here in MIA. I am a spa freakizoid so me being able to get hydrotherapy, for a minimum of two hours, plus at a price that is under $40.00 per visit. Man, I was happier than Groupie at the ESPY Awards. I am about to get it in. LOL From the 500degree radiant heat room, to the Aromatherapy room (scented with Lemongrass and Mint), to the Haman ( wasn't able to stay in there longer than 2 minutes...way too hot), the high pressure hose room, the Rain room (this one is my favorite). The ocean water Jacuzzi will be the first thing I jump into every time I go.  On the day I went it had been raining so the outside area was cloudy and not too appealing. So I was not able to go outside to see what the pool and private beach access was like. But I surely will do that the next time I go. All I know is that this little hole in the wall place is a gem in Miami. Because it is so low key, the location in NYC always had celebrities and masters of the universe coming to just enjoy the steam. One thing that everyone has in common regardless of your economic or social standing is that we all SWEAT! This is an amazing place to do just that. Just try it...you will love it.PS. ONE more important message...BRING THE BIGGEST WATER BOTTLE YOU CAN FIND. You will need every drop of it. If you can get a Coconut water in there too...DO IT! DETOXING WILL DEHYDRATE YOU. BRING WATER.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,5/22/2012,146,160,5,14,7>The empty restaurant space at the end of the commercial area on Broward Blvd sat empty for so long.  I was awaiting the opening of il Biaggio with its nicely painted mural for about a year and half.  Then, all of a sudden, the place was repainted, and with little fanfare, the Foxy Brown opened.  Does the experience live up to the cool name?  I am glad to report it does.I made a reservation for  last Saturday night at 7:15.  They were busy, but we were seated upon arrival immediately.  Our waiter Bryan, introduced himself to everyone in my party and gladly answered questions about the name of the restaurant, named after the owner's dog, and about menu items.  Bryan's friendliness continued the entire night, and his service was great.  Ask for him if you go there.  Besides him, the runners and management were also very friendly and were quick to pitch in, removing dishes, and providing hot towels after each course to clean up with.  A nice touch.For appetizers the table split the chicken lollipops, the tempura green beans, and the pretzel bread with a cheese and ham spread.  All were really good.  The pretzel bread was the favorite.  Hot and salty.  It should be noted the pretzel bread sticks can be ordered for .50 per stick.  Not exactly free bread, but this is better and well worth it.  The green beans tasted fresh and the chicken was nicely flavored with a small kick, but not too much to handle.The entrees are comfort food styled with a nice variety.  I went with the Beefaroni, which is pasta with short rib and ricotta cheese.  It was nicely flavored and a satisfying dish.  The short rib was very tender and not fatty.  The pasta could have been a little more al dente and the flavor was good but hit mainly one note so it could have used a bit more spice, but for me pasta dishes could be a bit repetitive.  My brother had the bangers and smash which he ate with gusto.  I sampled a sausage and it was flavorful.  My girlfriend had the fried chicken sandwich.  The chicken was really delicious, with a sweet batter, and the roll it was served on was enjoyed.  I am craving it now.  Other diners had the hangar steak which was cooked as ordered and fish and chips, both reportedly good.  The french fries were flavorful and crisp and not soggy.  The fries served with the fish and chips were served in newspaper for a true English pub feel. Dessert consisted of white chocolate bread pudding and a chocolate milkshake.  Both desserts were very tasty and not a bit or sip of each remained.  This place only has beer and wine, but a nice selection of each.  The decor is casual with a flat screen TV sitting over the small bar.  There is also outdoor seating.  Pricing is very reasonable.  There is a small on site parking lotOverall, I really liked the Foxy Brown and plan to return.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,5/21/2012,17,56,7,13,9>My boyfriend and I came to Pho Thang on a stormy, gloomy Saturday afternoon. The small restaurant was practically empty. Only two other tables were occupied. Considering the location, and the absence of people, we were a little hesitant. But, I figured it was just because of the storm. Thank God we decided to stay. As we walked in we were immediately greeted by a sweet, short, older Asian woman. She sat us at a table near the window, and suggested we try their Thai tea. I literally jumped in my seat and said "Yes! We'll take two please!" Thai tea is one of my most favorite drinks. I was starting to like this place. I got the Ginger Pork and Egg Roll Vermicelli, and my boyfriend ordered the Pho Chicken. He was a little skeptical about the "Rare Beef" but says he wants to try that next time.While waiting for our meals, we took in the atmosphere. Pho Thang is a very small with outdated wooden tables and chairs, but it feels homey inside. As for the noise level, there was none. There was some instrumental music playing quietly in the background, which added to the tranquility.  On each table they have Hoisin sauce, Sriracha hot sauce, soy sauce, and a homemade pepper sauce. The homemade pepper sauce was delicious. When our dishes came out, we were hit the a pungent smell of basil. My stomach began to grumble, and my mouth was watering uncontrollably. The ginger pork was sliced into thin cuts, and they were so delicious. The noodles and carrots mixed well with the basil. But the best part of the whole dish was the egg rolls. I'm not a fan of egg rolls, usually because they're so greasy, but these were the best! They were fried to a crisp perfection. I had never had egg rolls that tasted so good. Hands down, egg rolls were the best part of my meal. The Pho chicken was amazing, as well. The broth tasted like nothing I had ever tried before. My boyfriend added the homemade pepper sauce, which enhanced the flavors even more. We slowly devoured our food in this calm restaurant, and we enjoyed every bite. It was agreed that the next time one of us got sick, we would not eat chicken noodle soup; we would eat Pho! The service was impeccable. The food was scrumptious. I have found my new favorite "whole in the wall." Don't let the location deter you. Pho Thang has some delicious, quality authentic dishes. I recommend this place to anyone who is feeling adventurous with their taste buds. Pho Thang will not disappoint. I give them 5 stars because their service was on point and the food was delicious. But, this is my first time having Pho. So unless I try some better Pho, this restaurant totally deserves 5 stars just for taste.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,5/20/2012,100,59,4,16,6>Great Italian food at the beautiful and very sexy Delano hotel on South Beach. "The scene to be seen." Directly dining behind us was Mickey Rourke, two tables in front of us was Kevin Connelly (E from Entourage) and Kim Kardashian's BFF was slithering around as well amongst other celebs I didn't recognize (miamiherald.com/2012/01/…)So you can imagine how pricey Bianca is. Easily $100 a person with one cocktail, sharing one appetizer, one entree each and ending it with a shared dessert. The food itself was good. Really good.... 0 complaints on that department. APPETIZERS:Char Grilled Octopus - with a Cherry Tomato Salad and Aged Balsamic ($28). Simply Grilled Langoustines ($36)ENTREES:Vongole - linguini, clams, garlic, white wine ($29)Truffle Tagliatelle - handmade pasta, seasonal truffle and cream ($58)Branzino - salt roasted, tuscan potatoes, fresh lemon ($58)DESSERT:Tiramisu - Lady fingers w/ Espresso ($14)Check out the pics.So why Four Stars? Nothing was that unique or out of this world for the price you're paying (unlike a dinner at NAOE/Zuma/Etc...). You just have to get over the fact that you can find equally as good of food for half the price around town in places like Fratelli Milano. Then again, we were sitting next to Halle Berry at Fratelli Milano :)
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,5/19/2012,479,576,6,8,10>We've got another Lincoln Road Winner!I first tried out Serendipity 3 before they officially posted their name. It was their 2nd night since opening and was fairly empty. No sign was on the front yet, so no one knew it was open.  My friends and I chose a table outside and the staff scrambled to bring enough chairs for all of us. We tried some drinks and appetizers; wine, champagne, nachos with all the fixins, and the black and blue burger with sweet potato fries. Not only was everything delicious, but the staff and managers went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed, refilled our water glasses, and answered all of our questions. At that time there was a limited menu, yet everything was explained to us. That night, I made a gesture during conversation and accidentally toppled my drink. The waiter and busboy came running out to clean it up and wipe up the table and bottom of the glass. We all had a wonderful evening.After seeing Serendipity 3 on Deco Drive last night, I was reminded of how I wanted to come back again.This time everything was in full swing. Full menu (quite large) and full of patrons.We tried the cake martini (delicious and strong....and pretty) and the frozen hot chocolate (absolutely delicious with many deep flavors of chocolate, homemade whipped cream, and milk chocolate shavings. My friend had the Thai Beef Salad, which was served in a fresh coconut with many different flavors. I had the Blackened Grouper Sandwich with Steak Frites. It was even better than expected. The bun was soft, the fish was fresh, there was flavorful asian slaw and an awesome melding of flavors. Not only that, but the fish fit the bun. ( I tried the fish sandwich at another place last week and the bun was hanging over the fish).The service was impeccable, with the waiter even bringing over some heat lamps because my friend was cold.I guess you could say Serendipity 3 is a very welcome addition to Lincoln Road with delicious fresh food and amazing service.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,5/17/2012,324,47,13,16,13>I don't usually give 5 stars...but when I do, I make it worth the while.I have been coming here since I was a kid, and my dad has been coming here even before that. This place is one of the better sushi places in town by far, hands down. Even before the face lift it received a little while back, the food has been amazing.  You can always tell a good sushi place has its bearings in place when they serve fresh (not frozen) tuna. This place not only does that, but the toro (underside of the tuna) is to die for.Sometimes if I go for a meeting....it is usually a bad idea, because I am immersed in my food, and tune out the person/people talking. I usually get the chirashi (spring for the "top choice", which is equivalent to upgrading from bottom shelf liquor to top shelf...there difference is worth the money.) The sushi moriawase or nigiri special is amazing as well. Pretty much any sushi/sashimi you will not be disappointed. Everything is balanced...the shari (rice ball for sushi) is just perfect, not too much rice, perfectly prepared, and the fish melts in your mouth. Uni, ikura, amaebi, mirugai (giant clam), saba, hirame (flounder), hamachi....*closes eyes....just can't get enough!If you happen to go for lunch, try out the bento boxes. All of them are loaded with variety in their respective compartments.Quick Jap tip for you: One thing that's not on the English menu & is on the Japanese menu, is that you can choose tekka maki (tuna roll) in lieu of the listed California roll.You won't be disappointed...if you are, hold me accountable (I'll take care of your left overs.)
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,5/16/2012,255,530,10,15,10>Twenty five years ago this place was called Brasserie Le Coze, a classy way hip French restaurant, owned by Maggie Coze. It was a restaurant packed with the celebrities of the 80's not only was it classy but it was a place of art work. As the Grove began to die, so did Brasserie Le Coze and it was soon replaced by the News Cafe and that too went about the way side.Class has returned to that lightly traveled portion of the Grove, where the Mayfair Hotel meets the vacant buildings. Equally as beautiful as Brasserie Le Coze, Villa Mayfair serves up upscale Medeterainian Cuisine.The ambiance is five star all the way, it oozes class. The floor tile is artwork in itself. Only to be out mactched by the intricate ceiling.The service, I was somewhat disappointed with, it went from spotty to excellent and then back to spôtty. Antwan our server is a well versed waiter. He new the menu and made solid recommendations; however, he would disappear. And when I wanted to order dessert it became so taxing that I chose no dessert.The cuisine, wow it was excellent. The starters were Stone Crab, I know that it is hard to ruin, and the served it up well, with three different sauces, the entree, I ordered scallops stuffed with potatoe and spinach topped with caviar. It was so good, so classic, so excellent. My guest had the Turbot, which is a flounder like fish. It was flakey and succulent. It was topped with a simply classic "virgin sauce" it consisted of diced tomatoes, pine nuts and garlic. So simple yet so yummy! Dessert, well you know the story, but it sounded good.Dollar wise, yep, bring dollars, euro's and Iraqi dinars, as you'll need them all.The location took me back to the days of Stringfellows, Cat's, Tu-Tu Tango and Howell at the Moon. We'd meet at Brassierrie Le Coze, downing our drinks and consuming the best the French made, then started the night. I like Villa Mayfair, it's classy, and wants to make a try of it.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,5/15/2012,195,275,7,9,7>The hubs and I came here on Sunday for brunch and had a wonderful time! I've driven past this place at least 30 times and never stopped in.. I really regret not trying it out sooner. When we arrived it was about 11:30 - noonish and the place was packed and there were people waiting for seats outside. We gave the hostess our names and we had to wait about 10 minutes, not bad at all. Our table ended up being a high-top by the bar which I usually don't like because the chairs are awkward to get on and off of (I'm only 5'2 so.. I usually have to hop onto these high chairs) and they're normally not so comfortable. But thankfully the wicker style chairs the restaurant has are extremely comfortable and easy to 'climb' onto. lol Our server came over right away and took our drink order. She was nice and friendly. And was really efficient. I ended up ordering the Italian Omelet and my husband ordered the Home style breakfast. Both were absolutely delicious and the portions were huge! We did not finish our plates. The home fries were really yummy as was the mimosa I had to wash it all down. The ambiance is a little Keys-ish in my opinion, most of it is open and there is a fountain in the center of the back part of the restaurant. I felt like I wasn't in Miami at all. Which is really cool. Its awesome when you can walk into a place and be transported somewhere else instantly. So not only was the food delicious and plentiful, the employees were really welcoming and funny, the restaurant itself is like a little escape from Miami and also the prices were extremely competitive. Both our breakfasts, and a mimosa came out to $23.  Needless to say I will definitely be back!Thank You Berries!!!
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,5/14/2012,229,492,7,10,9>MOFONGO is now my new favorite word too! I highly recommend getting a Mofongo dish on your first visit. What is Mofongo you ask? I couldn't find a good explanation in the reviews here - but now I know, it's a pile of tostones, kinda mashed, but still crunchy and flavorful. You choose your dish based on your protein: we did shrimp, they have chicken, beef, pork, etc. too. And it's all topped with a sweet yet salty tomato sauce, that was surprisingly good for someone not a fan of red sauces. I'll admit it, we almost licked our plate clean. So dissapointed they didn't have the Ballitos Cheese Balls appetizer but that meant we got to try the Crab Cakes instead. Perfect - wow. I was skeptical and became a believer on this day. They weren't bready at all and had a great dijon sauce. Not a crumb left. They were sadly too small for my liking, but what can you do?And then to finish - the cheesecake was super creamy yet thick enough and not too sweet, delicious. I can't wait to come back, I keep telling everyone I know about it. A perfect place to visit in Wynwood. I wasn't all too impressed with the decor like other reviews said, but it was a fun casual place to enjoy lunch, and the server girl was a bit off. However, I can't wait to try everything else on the menu, it all looked so good and with not one bit of this meal being a disappointment, I can only look forward to more good things from Jimmy'z.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,10/3/2010,163,84,6,8,10>Y-3 has a second home and its in the shiny new Lincoln road complex across from Regal 18. This store is very different to it's bigger brother in the design district , but still has everything you need. There were huge bursts of color everywhere due to the spring line arrival. Bold oranges , tennis ball yellows , and patent blue decorated the room. There was still the more traditional whites and black and greys from every season. It seems this season is a bit cheaper and there is some value to be had before stuff even goes on sale (will it even make it to sale?). Enjoy it while you can. Now you don't even have to cross the bridge in order to be down with Yohji :)
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,10/2/2010,87,122,5,5,3>You stole my Sundays from me, from now on I will be spending my free time on Sundays here. I think I did drool while i walked through and once I got to the section of your limited editions I stood there for almost two hours IN HEELS! I don't think i could ever get enough of you! And can't wait until my first purchase of the collector's edition of Ellen von Unwerth, Fräulein. When I walk by my library at home and see Taschen on the cover I smile :)
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,10/1/2010,170,440,5,9,7>i have been a bit cynical about getting food out of a truck!! since my only past experiences (post pincho man days!) was with those famous Roach Coach lunches!!!! but my hats off to this foodie truck!!! Fish Tacos - Delicious!!! small but mouth watering delite!!! burgers - whoa! nice juicy well seasoned burger!!!! feel like even asking for a plain w/cheese only burger is a great choice! can really enough the beef flavor!!! (im not really into beef, but it was yummy!) did not get a chance to try the taquitos cause i would of liked the chicken but they ran out!!! we are signed up to follow the moving truck on Twitter!!! a must go to again!!!!!!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2010,9/30/2010,122,89,8,12,12>I had to get a bridesmaid dress taken out and I had a difficult time trying to find a place that could do it for me without ruining the dress. You can trust just anyone with alterations. So I called a cousin who had gotten married last year and asked if she new of any seamstresses. She referred me to this place. Tony's Fabrics is a little hole in the wall fabric shop near the corner of SW 107th Ave and Coral Way. I called and they said they could alter the dress for me. So I went, tried on the dress and the seamstress told me she would have the dress finished in 5 days. On the 6th day I called, the dress wasn't quite ready, but that was fine since I didn't need the dress for another couple of weeks. So the 8th day, I went and picked up the dress and it fit perfect. Not only did the seamstress do a wonderful job, she only charged me $15.00. I was so shocked because she told me the dress was difficult to alter so she had to take the whole thing apart. I was expecting to pay $50.00 or more. So I gave her a fat tip instead. Be warned, the accept cash only and they speak very little English. So if you only speak English like me, it is better for you to have a bilingual friend to assist you when you drop off your clothing so you'll be able to tell her exactly what you want.Thanks for the referral Gaby!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2010,9/29/2010,83,148,13,5,12>You will see a lot of shafts here. And I'm not talking about seeing multiple recreations of the main character from a 70's blaxploitation film with a funky theme song either."Shut Yo Mouth!" you may say as a WEAM virgin, but, it's oh so very true. For instance, there's a giant golden shaft, great for hugging and photos that you can use as your Facebook default pic (guilty). And if you have a keen eye, you can also find one that belongs to  Homer Simpson. There's also a pretty cool sculpture of a peacock, which takes the name of the animal pretty literally. Not to mention sexy sketches by John Lennon, a wall of va-jay jays of all shapes and sizes, and a rare black light poster of every single Disney character engaging in an orgy that's worth something like10k.Coolest thing? The place is owned by a 75 year old woman who zooms around the place on a scooter.This is a great place for shits and giggles on one of those nights where you're scratching your head looking for something different to do. Plus, if you're lucky enough to run into the art director, David, he can give you a pretty thorough rundown on some of the art here, and a lot of the stories attached to the pieces are pretty fascinating.I'd advice coming here when they're having a special exhibit of some sort -- they recently had a "Golden Gals Gone Wild" show (which featured erotic art inspired by the show "The Golden Girls") and another one that was called "Fun Foods" which involved live painting and edible art.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,9/28/2010,164,73,8,6,8>I AM A HUGE FAN OF THIS PLACE. I have eaten breakfast, lunch, dinner you name it... it's allllllll good. But mainly my boy friend and I go for their breakfast. Which includes eggs, ham, french fries, tostada (bread), and cafe con leche (coffee) for only $2.70. This place is a hole in the wall, their front door at the moment is a huge piece of wood because someone ran into it with their car. It has been like that for about 2 weeks now. They have posters all over, announcing a Karaoke event that I believe finished last year December. Other posters have half naked Spanish singers/dancers. The posters look like they were done by a 3rd grade art class. HA!!! Also, the best part is this one lady she is the only waitress I have seen in the morning. The place is tiny but she alone has it all under control. They have a window for quick orders, you can call in and have your food ready when you get there for pick up or to sit down, and they have regular seating to eat. This lady does it all, and we have never waited for more than 15 min from the moment we sit down to the moment we start eating. She is great. I usually go for the breakfast but their dinner is awesome as well. I always order the pechuga de pollo (Chicken Breast) with rice and beans for less than 5 bucks. El Arroyito is truly AWESOME!!!!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2009,9/27/2010,65,268,1,6,7>I found this place driving to Cake Design by Edda one day and am I glad I did. After being quoted $500 for a cake for my baby shower at Cake Design which was absurd, I decided to go Todo Dulce.  The doors were closed, but Alejandra (owner) let us in.  I explained what I was looking for and was quoted half the price of Cake Design.  I tasted the sample and was hooked.  I returned about 3 weeks later to place my order.  Alejandra was great at capturing my vision for my cake.   Needless to say my cake was a hit at my shower.  Everyone was in awe at the detailed work.  The cake was so moist and delicious, it melted in your mouth.  I also ordered merenguitos which were a huge hit.  The outside were crispy and the inside were chewy (you can't get that quality from the store).  I am definitely going to use them again and would recommend them to anyone.  I am so tired of the rum cakes from Cake Design and the absurd prices they want to charge.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,9/26/2010,566,440,9,12,11>I was pleasantly surprised by my visit to Scully's Tavern for dinner on a regular Wednesday night. First surprise was the menu, I was expecting typical bar food, fries, burgers, nachos etc. When I read the specials menu I was taken aback. Lobster? Prime Rib? Escargot?! This was quite impressive! We ordered the escargot and there came my second surprise because they were topped with melted cheese!! I've never seen escargot prepared this way, I forked up a good piece and WHOA! They tasted awesome! The third surprise of the evening was the stellar, awesome, incredible service! We were seated at the bar and from this experience I don't think I'll eat here any other way! Josh and Tammy were on their mark the whole time, even pouring my beer when my mug got low and sincerely offering help when I couldn't decide what to order. When I finally decided I ordered one of their special sandwiches, Reuben's Sister Rachel. A corned beef sandwich on rye with coleslaw, Swiss cheese and thousand island dressing. I was really happy with my choice! The other sandwich on the table was the encrusted Mahi sandwich. This sandwich is kind of a big deal here and I understand why, the fish tasted fresh, it was moist and needed nothing else to make it good! No room for dessert here, but as we finished off our beers we noticed something... could it be... a mic... and... a karaoke machine?!?! The first couple people who partook of this lyrical challenge weren't good, but I'm sure I'll be back to show off my musical stylings! I'm sure I'll be back period, I really like this place!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,9/25/2010,1381,665,13,15,18>Dear Sugarcane,Love.  LoVe.  LOVE!  Yes, I love you.  Lately I've been very selective with my 5-star handouts, but YOU Sugarcane, deserve that and more!I met my fellow Wine-n-Cheese lover, my dear friend Sarah, for a happy hour dinner after work yesterday.  Wanting to pick somewhere new for the both of us, we decided to try our luck here.  I am so glad we did because I am just in love!I happened to arrive a bit earlier than Sarah, so I explained my situation to the hostess, who was so nice, and headed to the restroom to wash up, while she selected a table for us outside.  A nice table facing the entire outside area, I enjoyed the atmosphere that you have going on.  There are vines climbing on all of the iron railings, and nice potted plants throughout the patio.  With the nice, cool breeze blowing, we quickly felt transported elsewhere, completely forgetting that we were located in the middle of a shopping mall.We luckily made it in time for your Happy Hour, so we were able to enjoy half-off the specialty cocktails and some of the appetizers were also reduced.  SCORE!!  I started with the Spice of Love drink, which was vodka with mango and a touch of jalepeño.  It was REALLY delish and the kick in the after-taste was well worth it!  Sarah had ordered the Ginger-cucumber concoction, but unfortunately it was unavailable, so she opted for some cocktail that had vodka with blood oranges - SUPER YUMMY!At this point it had started to sprinkle a tad, so our server made sure to bring us inside and get us a table next to the nice open door so we could enjoy the breeze.  The inside is absolutely stunning, with a high cathedral ceiling, with the exposed wood beams, and tons of beautiful fans.  The windows are gorgeous and there are also mirrors high towards the top on one side.  There's 3 separate kitchens which are all opened and exposed to the restaurant; one for hot plates, one that's a wood-burning grill, and the other is the sushi kitchen.We decided to share the cheese platter, as we were keeping it rather light, but I also went ahead and ordered myself 2 of the Kobe Sliders with the quail eggs on top.  OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!!!!  Wow, I will never want a burger without an egg again!  So good in fact, I even ordered 2 more to bring home to my love, along with the goat cheese croquettes, which were heavenly.  The cheese platter was also really amazing, with burrata, bleu, and manchego cheeses, as well as fresh slices of pears, green apples, toasted almonds, and a bunch of grapes.  SO worth it.I noticed you have a pretty eclectic beer menu and opted to try a Smith's Nut Brown.  Very tasty and delicious, serving as the perfect after-dinner drink/dessert.The service was phenomenal throughout.  Our server was constantly checking up on us and making sure we had everything we need.  There are also people walking around with water pitchers to ensure one's glass is never less than half-full.  The manager even made sure to come ask how everything was, and I noticed he did the same with every other table as well.Keep this up Sugarcane, because I see a lot of good things coming your way!!!  Looking forward to returning with the fiancee, as he absolutely loved all the snacks I brought him home.All the best,SabrinaAnna*PS.  My honor to you is that you're my 400th Review!!!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,9/24/2010,156,245,16,13,10>Okay so no one likes to get towed and thankfully I don't really have anything to compare this service to, BUT if I ever wanted to be towed again, I'd definitely call this place!My car insurance (progressive) covered this and sent someone out.  It took about an hour for them to arrive, but given miami traffic and the time of day (4:45 was when I called, around 6 was when he arrived) I was okay with it.  I was sweating bullets when the hottie, I mean, tow trucker arrived and he very generously offered me a bottle of water from a cooler.  Now I'm sure they do this with everyone b/c they were nice little bottles advertising the company, but it made me feel special in light of my current situation.  He also suggested I sit in the cab of the truck so I could get some a/c.  Also, he was very attractive which added a little smile in the awfulness of a broken car.  Conversation was the norm - where are you from? what's your job? the weather, but at least there wasn't too much awkward silence.  He delivered my car at the mechanic and was off.  I wish I had caught his name b/c unfortunately I had no cash on me (who can predict breaking down and needing cash for a tip?!) and would like to make it right.  I did, however, have a "you've been yelped" card and left that so, Mr. Hot Tow Trucker, let me know your name so I can take you out for drinks!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,7/24/2012,423,372,9,9,9>Let me just say that I may just a *tad* bit obsessed with Kawaii Universe. Not only do I love stickers, but I absolutely foods made to look like cute adorable little faces!! The artist, Valentina, is a Miami native, who has busted into Wynwood with such a unique graphic art concept. She creates HANDMADE stickers in collections, with most snuggly little faces. My new favorite collection is the soft serve ice cream cone collection!! Or... is it the Asian foods collection?? Or the Chinese dragons?? Don't make me decide! Oh, right, I don't have to. What's even better?? The stickers are re-stickable! Yes!! You can move them around and to where ever you want. I had one on my phone case for a while, and now it's living on my computer at home.   Kawaii Universe is open throughout the week, to my delight, since I drive home every day right past this gallery. When I need a little cheering up, I just walk in and pick up a new sticker. It works every time. Yet, I find myself fighting the urge to stop every other day. During the week is the best time to stop by the gallery, as opposed to art walk, which can be a bit crowded. Valentina will definitely make time to give you a tour and explain her inspiration on each collection. The backstory is totally worth taking the time to chat it up with her. My complete crazed infatuation aside, Kawaii Universe is truly one of the most original galleries, with one of the most original artists in Wynwood.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,7/23/2012,327,121,10,20,15>This place is sincerely a little piece of Korean heaven! I stumbled upon this place while a friend & I were en route to Shilla/Sushi Cafe on Flager. Somehow I see a sign written in Korean letters glowing in the corner of my eye and I instantly yelled out Stop! Make a U-Turn! I'm SO SO thankful that we did because I starting to be a little apprehensive. Its stuck in the very corner of a completely spanish shopping plaza. Lo and Behold, when we entered I felt like I was in K-Town! NOTHING but koreans! I swear! We were the only non-koreans dining at the restaurant. Its a super cute and small little place. Very mom and pop. The story went something like, its originally a Nicaraguan restaurant so they teamed up and made sort've a mash up of Korean/Nica restaurant. Sounds a little intimidating and scary but its really not. Its more split half and half. Order Nicaraguan or order Korean. The main Korean waitress came out and immediately helped us out, gave us a free appetizer and homemade Korean dish that wasn't even on the menu. Ordered the Bulgolgi (beef)  and that alone was enough to feed atleast 3 hungry people. Thats the only thing we ordered and we left with leftovers and were completely stuffed. They brought us so many kimchee and extra sides to try the Bulgogi with, it was really overall such a wonderful experience! Bulgogi, kimchee all wrapped in Lettuce! yum! Definitely need to go back to try the many other authentic things on on the menu. (Like octopus or squid!) but in the meantime, I HIGHLY recommend this place!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,7/22/2012,202,72,8,11,9>Realty is one of those services that you usually hear about through a friend or family member and you'll just go with one of those options. I'm writing this review for you so that you can throw out all those suggestions on the ground and just go with these guys. ;)After several successful and pleasant experiences my mom-in-law had with Mario at K&A landing her a renter for her property and also my bro-in-law finding renters for his place I decided that Mario would be the best choice (see, every realty suggestion starts with mom). Before contracting Mario to help me find my new house I had hit up several realtors who quickly dismissed us and made us feel like crap and almost immediately stopped taking our calls and emails because we were working with a modest budget and weren't in a hurry to buy - we just wanted to find the right place.Mario and K&A aren't just in it for the big fish and huge commissions, they legitimately want to help you find a home, rent/lease your place, or get that mortgage off your back. Mario was patient, professional and ALWAYS had my best interest in mind. For ANY realty needs, I'm ALWAYS going to call him back because he deserves all my business and yours.Sorry this review isn't as colorful and animated as my reviews usually are, I wanted to make it simple and clear, K&A Realty is really the way to go.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,7/21/2012,587,1627,4,8,5>Out with the old and in with the new. Completely new.That's how I felt when I entered Jean Paul - they've not only renovated the space that used to house a coffeeshop, but it feels like it has entirely been redone. Nothing feels like left over from the coffeeshop days. What I saw instead was a refined and romantic space that just oozes with character - in an essence, right when I walked in, I knew I would be returning. With candles, beautiful wallpapers, seductive modern woods at the wine bar, and rustic wooden chairs that just gives this a cozy cottage feel - almost as if it was Mandolin Aegean Bistro - how could I not? But this place feels even cleaner and more refined without having to stuff it up to your face. It is still a cottage, after all.They'll also have a market open soon in the back room they have in the cottage - and it should feature housemade gourmet items such as their own infused olive oils, prepared meals, etc. The cuisine offered in the restaurant is very much Peruvian-influenced international cuisine, with a focus on locally-sourced ingredients.I only stopped by briefly to get a sampling, but from the one item I had, which was the crispy pork belly appetizer cooked in pisco brandy and grapes with mashed sweet potato, I was already impressed. It was rich and bold in flavor, and the perfectly balanced juice was great for mopping with the bread that was served. I would order this again, without a doubt.I also have my eyes on the flounder tiradito, which I plan on ordering soon, as well as several other menu options.Value-wise, I thought it was very reasonable, considering the portions and the flawless service (thanks Maritza!). Lunch and dinner prices does not fluctuate except by a few dollars for the main entree items, making this place a good deal for a great meal at either times. They also have happy hour where the wines by the glass are half off, starting at 3 PM, with affordable bite size appetizers being available for order (you'd have to wait for dinner at 6 PM to order from the full menu again).This is definitely a perfect date spot and also a refined yet comfortable "chilling" spot.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,7/20/2012,31,80,8,7,7>My son has been playing at Danny Berry Baseball for two years now and I can attest to the fact that not only has he learned to be a better player in terms of his basic skill set, he has also learned the "heart" of baseball; how to will with grace and lose with class, how to cheer on his teammates, and how to play hard on the field and be friends with the members of the other teams afterwards.  I don't know of any other program that instills sportsmanship as well as Danny Berry does.Starting at age 3, boys and girls can sign up for Danny Berry.  In the Spring there's Little League and in the Fall there's travel league.  Over the summer, Danny Berry also runs a baseball camp (which includes other sports and swimming).  Danny Berry also can provide private baseball lessons if you would prefer.Located just behind the Alper JCC campus, the fields are well appointed, with lights that come on in the evening, and Danny Berry has batting cages as well for practice.  The coaches at Danny Berry are top-notch.  They are quick to praise a child for getting something right, even if they don't master the skill ("great hustle!"  "good swing!") but they don't sugar coat it when a child doesn't live up to his own potential ("where were you?  Why weren't you backing your teammate up?  Keep your eye on the ball!")  I particularly appreciate the emphasis the coaches put on each child's effort.  It is a maxim of baseball that you can't make every hit, catch every ball, or win every game, but you can try every time.  When a child is trying his hardest, he will be singled out by the coach as an exceptional player.  Or as one coach put it about my son, "he didn't catch any of the fly balls today, but he's going to keep trying, and pretty soon he's going to catch every single one of them because he never gives up practicing it."  Several months later, my son does indeed catch every single fly ball - with a practiced ease that comes from endless drills.If your child is interested in baseball, I highly recommend giving Danny Berry a try.  The program will inspire an ongoing interest and love of the sport as well as delivering a fantastic skill set that will be drawn upon for as long as your child plays sports.Of Note:  Danny Berry also offers baseball parties.  The children play for an hour and then eat for an hour. Also of Note: Danny Berry has a food truck on the premises.  It is not fancy by any stretch, but it is GLATT KOSHER (meat).  Chicken nuggets, hot dogs, burgers and fries are all available, as well as peanuts and cracker jack!
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,7/19/2012,144,87,10,10,10>Not too shabby.My first visit to Hoolie's was last year on St. Patty's Day. So, I'm sure you can imagine that this was quite a first impression. Funny thing is, I left there so inebriated on that night, that only bits & pieces come back to me.Please don't ask me to tell you whether the bathrooms were clean, whether the service was fast & friendly, whether the food was good (Didn't eat, although I probably should have) or any of those typical review questions.I was just too far gone. It was St. Patty's Day, after all. What did'ja expect?? I don't remember any of those things. What I do remember:1- Drinks were flowing.2- My friends are awesome.3- I love St. Patty's Day. Now, more recently, I visited Little Hoolie's with some friends on a Sunday night. It's one of their Karaoke nights. It takes a bit of liquid courage for me to get up there, but it does happen every so often. The Karaoke DJ (Kara-O-King) is cool peeps. They have a band to back you up which is pretty Rock N Roll, if you ask me. On this visit, the bathrooms were decently clean, but they have ashtrays built into the wall INSIDE THE STALLS. Weird. I liked that they have a hand sanitizer dispenser inside the stall, although it was empty this night.Downside: Their menu is apparently so outdated that the Happy Hour info is inaccurate, which makes me sad. Upside: The friendly waitress explained that they were going to be getting new menus and gave us a breakdown of the new Happy Hour specials. (Find them in my Quick Tips)Oh and they have a personal hygiene-slash-glowstick dispenser in the bathroom. There's a combo that you don't see very often.All in all, a pretty decent place to gather with friends, have a few decently priced drinks, belt out some tunes (if that's your thing) and kick back.This place is a little too far from home for me to become a regular, but it's pretty cool in my book. I'll be back.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,7/18/2012,227,222,18,12,14>I was a STAUNCH supporter of Transit Lounge. I mean, I used to be there just about every weekend. Transit was one of those places that, when you asked yourself, "Where should I go tonight?" always came to mind first. Transit was Transit. Transit was a staple. Like popcorn at a movie. Like mustard on a hot dog. The proverbial cheese to Miami's macaroni. (Damn you, Juno!) So when it closed down, I was pretty freaking heartbroken. I didn't expect to like whatever opened in its place. Just out of spite. Out of defense for a fallen comrade.Man, oh, man, did I jump the gun.Purdy's ownership group --- whatever it's called --- took Transit, turned it on its head, and birthed its very own little Gattaca-era Ethan Hawke.Let me explain.You see, it wouldn't be the same if perfection had taken Transit's place because, let's face it, Transit was anything but. In fact, oftentimes, it was a downright hole, but that wonderful imperfection was part of its charm. So you don't want a pre-accident Jude Law walking through the door and taking its place; you want a little engine that could. You want to see chinks in the armor. You want to see cracks in the facade. Why? Because imperfection, as our protagonist failed to understand, allows for comfort, and comfort is all anyone is seeking on a Friday or Saturday night.What Blackbird did was make the broken clock work more than twice in a day without adding any fancy bells and whistles, without decking the place out with a runway or a giant pearl hanging from the ceiling or seizure-inducing lighting or lasers or awful club mixes or God knows what else: all of which have entrenched themselves in the Miami club/bar scene. It remodeled with a totally cool and minimalistic black and red motif that gives the place a darker, more subdued feel. Ownership replaced the restaurant-style seating and replaced it with wrap-around booths that allow for 1) more people, and 2) a closer, more intimate experience. Best part of the seating? The tables and how each one has an herb plant just sitting calmly amidst the debauchery. It's such a beautiful contrast, such a simple idea, that I can't believe I'd never seen it before.The rear, which before was covered in graffiti and always featured some sort of live DJ, was painted grey and is now a very simple, very cool, very laid back respite from the louder inside.In other words, it's a break from the thud of an oft-loud Miami landscape.And I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the bathrooms. Now ladies, I can't speak to your side of the lavatory universe, but the men's room at Transit was abysmal. It felt like you were going to walk out with a disease. Ownership replaced the faulty sink, fixed all the little wayward leaks that made it so your foot would sink into about half an inch of water, and tiled the wall with a tiny checkerboard panel.You have no idea how important bathrooms are to a mild germaphobe like me. You have no idea how happy this makes me.Blackbird took an already good idea and made it better. Like stuffed-crust pizza. All it needed was that little extra ingredient, that little extra attention to detail, to totally overhaul your perception of what works and what doesn't, to remind you that imperfection is perfect, to illustrate that the idealized (those boring carbon copies in Gattaca) is no match for the real (a wonderfully deep, extraordinarily flawed, intrinsically interesting Vincent Freeman).Perfection, as our protagonist ultimately found out, is for suckers.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,7/17/2012,86,29,5,9,9>It's too often that some of us who enjoy food over analyze dishes and end up forgetting how magical a meal can be, and how powerful the memories and emotions simple food can evoke truly are.I recently had an amazing dinner at De Rodriguez Cuba with my girlfriend, her father and his soon-to-be wife. Service was amazing! Provided by an extremely attentive French waiter named Hugo who brought in his great personality to make us feel at home. We had the Marlin Tacos, the papa rellena and the croquetas for appetizer family style, and braced ourselves for what was to come; if the appetizers were any indication of what the rest of the meal was going to be like, we were in for a treat!I then had the incredible Ox tail (rabo en lata), and even not being a Cuban native, I knew that this was the real deal. Chef Rodriguez has an amazing attention to detail and respect for traditional dishes that can clearly be savored when trying his new takes on old favorites. After dessert, we were fortunate enough to have the Chef join our table for a chat. It really felt like we were in his living room just talking, as old friends would do when they visit. After hearing about our wonderful meal, and getting to know us, he discovered that his mother hails from the same part of Cuba as my future father in law. He insisted that before we left, we HAD to try his mother's black beans ("Gloria's frijoles negros" in the menu).If you have ever watched the movie Ratatouille, you probably remember the scene when the awful food critic is distraught by a simple dish of Ratatouille that caused an overwhelming emotion and made his eyes water as he was taken back through a journey to his childhood in rural France.I swear this happened to my father in law that night... He took one spoonful and his eyes watered... He sat there silently, sobbing as he finished his bowl of beans and you could tell that right then, in that moment, he was a kid once again, eating his own mother's beans back in Camaguey. I couldn't help but envy his connection with this dish.I had never seen a person have such a special moment because of a dish. It is a true testament of the effort, love, sweat and tears that Chef Douglas puts into his creations. It was pure inspiration...Thank you De Rodriguez Cuba for a truly unforgettable night, and for reminding me what food is all about
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,7/16/2012,87,128,5,16,10>The Urban Farmer is a triple threat...  1. It runs a CSA (Community Supported Agriculture) Program.  I've been getting produce from them for over a year and I love it. You can either buy a share or 1/2 a share. Moreover, you can pick up your share either 1 a week or 1 every 2 weeks.  My household consists only of my husband and I, so 1/2 a share every other week fits us great. You pay for 4 shares in advance, and it is very competitively priced. It is the same price (most times cheaper) than Publix, and you know where everything comes from. 2. Sells/manages hydroponic systems.  They teach you how to grow your own stuff: squash, tomatoes, broccoli, lettuce, peppers, anything that can grow in our wonderful Florida weather. Think of having your vegetable garden growing in a small earth box or vertical-tower system. They also offer courses/seminars. 3. They are also now holding a Green Market, every 3rd Sunday of the month.  I have yet to visit it, but I hear it's very popular. I must say that I'm not affiliated in any way with this business. I'm just a very happy customer that believes in the mission of the owner: to give the tools needed to grow our own food as well as to offer access to locally grown foods. Check their website, set up a site visit. You'll never think of your food in the same way!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,7/15/2012,149,235,10,11,8>I divide my life into two eras: pre-California and post. If you have ever spent a significant time in the Golden State, you might be able to relate. In my pre-California life, my understanding of Mexican food was limited to Taco Bell and El Paso Salsa - this was the context under which I approached a hole-in-the-wall burrito haven for the first time as wide-eyed, impressionable and naive freshman. That first burrito at Patty's, it changed me. Hot sauce wasn't something to be afraid of any more, Carne Asada, cheese and refried beans rocketed to the top of my cravings list and hungover Friday mornings were never the same again. My post-California life has been punctuated by the discerning lack of decent Mexican food. I've been to Homestead, I've been to Taco Rico, I've hit all of those heavily recommended hot spots, and still, I remain on a relentless search for a perfect burrito.It's my Everest. Miami River Mexican is getting me one step closer to the summit.Let's be clear, I did not order the burrito, so the summit might still be in local grasp. After a recommendation from a stranger, failed yelp search and a single Google location listing and a nervous car ride up 8th avenue where (I swear this is a true story) I donned my yach-cap navigator's hat I directed my dining companions to this neon-orange mexican haven nestled between two auto-repair shops. Yes, we got hassled to buy used cars. Yes, one of them had bullet holes in it. Yes, they had been repaired with caulk. Yes, these three girls from Brickell were sketched out - but hey, you have to make sacrifices for good food, right?Walking inside you find there's a bar, a sit-down portion AND some pool tables in the back, a couple TV's hanging from the roof playing soccer and a bunch of wall-mounted clay vases (well, I think they were vases, the jury's still out on the decor. Will update after a second visit). Our waitress, picking up on our fish-out-of-water situation, was very patient and accommodating and answered all of our questions with a smile. Well, the ones that were asked in Spanish, at least. We ordered some fresh home made guacamole to complement the chips and salsa on the table, which was a solid choice, and one I will continue to make in the future. There are varying degrees of salsa, but they start at "hot" and escalate to "hellfire" pretty quickly, so heed your waitresses warnings and order a milky horchata to balance out the burn. The mildest salsa was of a mango-passion fruit variety and we loved it. The green salsa was a little hotter so we approached it with care, but the hellfire orange salsa was a chipotle based sauce which meant I had to weather the heat and pour it over everything. It was delicious! BUT my throat, mouth and nasal passages were on fire.The horchata was good, but not the best I've ever had. Horchata in Miami is generally grainier and thinner than what I would drink in California. The search for the perfect rice drink is still on. We each ordered three tacos, at the wallet-shattering price of $1.75 a piece. After all, we did splurge, opting for the "Tacos Especial" which come topped with avocado, radishes, grilled onion and radishes (yes, radishes). On a regular day, these tacos would set you back $2.25 (or $2.00 if you're not feeling especial), but on Wednesdays all tacos are $1.00. The Mexican 100 Montaditos, if you will. We ordered al pastor, carne asada, grilled chicken, and steak tacos- but have no idea who ate what because we're fairly certain our orders were interchanged at some point, but it's fine because everything I put in my mouth was delicious. (By the way, meat options range from straight pork, steak, chicken, al pastor or barbacoa to chorizo, tongue or chicharon). The tacos are not only delicious and PACKED with flavor, but are also PACKED, period. Keeping all of that meat inside the small home-made flour tortilla proved impossible and required some wipies for post-meal clean up. Not to mention that I couldn't even fit the third taco in my belly I was already so full after two. Glad to have made the trek into uncharted territory, I put my yacht-cap back on and steered our group back to the safe confines of our Brickell high-rises.But we will be back. And we will eat burritos.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,1/25/2013,929,30,10,16,11>What brought me to Cane A Sucre? Yelp!!! What keeps me coming back? Their AMAZING food. First off, thank you Yelp for helping me discover this little gem. I am so happy I found you!  I've been to Cane A Sucre three times, twice in one week. I fall more and more in love after each visit. Cane A Sucre is a cute sandwich/café shop with indoor and outdoor seating. I prefer to sit outside; they have several misting fans conveniently located outside which is perfect for keeping cool on a hot, humid day. This isn't your typical restaurant, you first order inside, pay, take a number and sit wherever you'd like. A waiter then brings you your food once it's ready; somewhat like Pei Wei but service is friendly and attentive.   In the past I've ordered Le chicken baguette, Le salmon baguette and a tuna steak burger. I usually order their lunch special, which comes with half a baguette and the soup of the day for around 7 bucks. Not only is the food cheap it is also PHENOMENAL. I am totally obsessed with their baguettes and soups. I highly recommend Le Salmon Baguette; the ingredients come together to form a combination of perfection. Smoked salmon, cream cheese, yummm!! Their tuna steak burger (seared not fully cooked) is phenomenal as well. Cane A Sucre makes the best soup; make sure to order their lunch special to try the best of both worlds (soup and sandwich.) GOOOO!!!! Trust me!!!
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,1/24/2013,138,146,11,11,9>Shuck N' Dive is as close as you're going to get to Nawlins dining without booking a plane ticket to The Big Easy.  NOLA happens to be one of my most beloved cities to visit.  I go there every year mostly to get crunked on Patty O's hurricanes and overload myself with Cajun goodness. Shuck N' Dive does a pretty solid job of replicating this style of cooking here in South Florida.  As soon as you walk in the door, you hear the zydeco music flowing and see the Abita beer signs flashing in your face.  From the looks of it, this place would fit in along Bourbon Street very well.  From the moment we set foot in the door, our server was amazing.  I had a beer in front of me in under a minute - she was quick to refill our mugs and made sure we were well taken care of throughout the visit.  For starters we tried the oyster 3 way.  You can pick 3 different styles of oysters for your platter.  We choose the Oyster Bienville (shrimp, green pepper, bacon, cream and parm), the Oyster Rockefeller (creamed spinach, onions, garlic, hollandaise sauce) and the the Black & Bleu (butter/bleu cheese).  I am a big fan of grilled oysters - these were pretty good indeed!  But, I would have liked to have them come straight to the table from the broiler while they were still sizzling.   For dinner I opted for the "Mahi Mardi Gras" which is a generous piece of blackened mahi slathered in crawfish etouffee and came with red beans and rice, hush puppies and slaw.  Cole slaw is such a simple thing, yet so many places tragically mess this up.  This was not the case with Shuck N' Dive - in fact - this was probably one of the best cole slaws I've ever eaten.  The hush puppies were just OK - not much happening here - just a rotund ball of fried dough.  The red beans and rice were tasty and totally laden with bacon grease (just how I like it).  My hubby ordered the shrimp po-boy and BOY OH BOY was this an authentic po-boy sandwich.  I literally closed my eyes and was transported to the po-boy food stand I adore so much at Jazz Fest.  Only a few minor faux pas for SND, how can you call yourself a cajun cafe and not have a bottle of Tabasco on every table?  Also, beer and wine only?  I need to see a hurricane or hand grenade option on the menu.  Tsk. Tsk. I'll be back for those fried green tomatoes and fried pickles...
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,1/23/2013,87,85,4,6,6>Finally, a neighborhood Italian restaurant in Miami where you can have real Italian food. I arrived to the restaurant around 9:30p.m. on a Friday. The restaurant's location is very unassuming, but I, for one, like when restaurants are located in areas that aren't so obvious. Parking was a hassle and unless you don't mind blowing $15 on valet parking, you'll likely circle around the restaurant a few times to find a spot on the street. As expected, it was a busy night, and we were told by the hostess that our wait was 30 min--that turned into 45 min, and then into an hour. After a complimentary glass of Champagne and a very courteous apology by the manager, we were seated and desperate to dig in. Here's what we had:Grilled filone bread with fontina fonduta: Such a great starter. The melted fontina cheese was good enough to eat alone. We practically licked the bowl. Arancini: Breaded rice balls with cheese and tomato. It's what I like to call Italian papa rellena. So good! Polenta with sausage and cipollini: The flavor of the polenta was wonderful. It's just that the texture was more watery than how I usually prefer my polenta. Still very delicious and worth a try. Grilled octopus: I'm not a huge fan of octopus--it's chewy and bland, in my opinion. However, it had a nice presentation and my dining companions seemed to have enjoyed it very much. Broccolini al Cesare: With all the carbs we were having, it only made sense to order at least one non-carb, vegetable dish. I loved the bitterness of the the broccolini with the garlic and tartness of the parmigiano. It was a great interlude to our next dish. Lasagna with shortrib and taleggio: This is a rich and decadent pasta dish--I highly recommend it be shared. I loved it nonetheless. I mean, how could I not? It has shortrib! Tiramisu: This is not your average, run-of-the-mill tiramisu. It's served in a jar and topped with coffee granita. Creamy, semi-chocolatey, sweet, cold, and salty all at once. The perfect meal closer. I'll definitely be back to Macchialina to see what else they whip up. Overall, great service, great food, and great ambience.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,1/22/2013,39,86,9,11,9>Do you remember back when you were a kid, running furiously with cash in hand trying to catch the ice cream truck for a frozen treat? Well, during the North Beach Food Truck Festival I had the pleasure of reliving that experience as an adult with HipPOPs gelato truck.If you are a diehard chocolate lover and foodie, try the Mexican Choc Chipotle with dark chocolate dip and crushed pecans, it is rich smooth chocolate with a little smoky heat and the the nuts add a decadent crunchiness you have to try for yourself.Next time I had the lemon which is the most delicious fresh lemon sorbet with a hint of lemon peel, I almost wanted to dip it in vodka and slurp but I digress.HipPOPs has some of the most fresh and delicious gelatos/sorbets I have ever tasted. I believe any combo can also be made into a shake too. When I joked with the owner if he was making a lot of $$ that night given the long lines he had he smiled and said "Don't know about that, but I do know we are making a LOT of new friends ;)" I heart HipPOPs! Try them out, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,1/21/2013,415,166,9,17,11>A dream is a wish your heart makes....when your fast asleep.Vivian made my dreams come true, that day she met me.There is no person in this industry like Vivian. No one. From her attention to detail, to warm personality, Vivian Colls and her team put together the most beautiful arrangements I have ever seen.I first met Vivian at my venue, the Coral Gables Country Club, where all she had was a notebook, her assistant, and me with my scatter brained ideas. I told her I wanted something classy, but not over the top, kind of rustic..but what I remember telling her vividly was " I want whomever is in my wedding to fell in love, and happy. If they're with someone they're more in love, if they're single they're more in love with life". Flash forward 8 months later, and we're in crunch time and Vivian is answering my emails, puttin out fires with vendors, going above and beyond! I remember going back and forth on my ideas for flowers, for arrangements, because I knew what I didn't want ( crazy flower arrangements) but couldn't quite pinpoint what I wanted besides the manzanita trees. Boy, did she make sense out of my crazy head!What I loved the most about Vivian is once I told her my budget, not once did she try to pressure me to go bigger or suggest flowers or arrangements that were clearly out of my price range. And even with that, she made my wedding day look like a million dollars! She was there from the rehearsal, to the day of, and not once left my side and was never too far away from me in case I needed her. When I saw my ceremony chuppah and reception room for the first time I was breathless. I've finally been able to watch a wedding video my friend did for me and even now is when I can appreciate all the details that went into the wedding even more. Vivian is proof that with great taste you don't need to go over the top . I don't think even in my dreams I could've pictured a more perfect set-up. And the best part? My guests were so happy, and felt EXACTLY how I wanted them to feel : enchanted, warm, and full of love and happiness. Vivian Colls and her team set the tone, and are the standard for excellence and unique creations.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,1/20/2013,73,205,6,10,8>You know those days when it is so gorgeous outside it hurts to waste it indoors?  The sun is shining, the clouds are quietly floating by, and everything just feels happier?  Well, lucky me, I was able to spend one of those days at Secret Woods.I guess this place is still a pretty good secret, since it hasn't even been reviewed yet!  If you are looking for a great place for a walk, you have to come here.They have a small butterfly garden, which was lovely.  Butterflies everywhere, and as a bonus, one of the most giant spiders I have ever seen!Besides that, there are two separate trails, Laurel Oak and New River.  The Laurel Oak is a mulch trail that goes through a marsh, and is home to THOUSANDS of fiddler crabs.  I was only able to see baby crabs, but there are holes the size of oranges - I think I would freak out if a saw a crab that big!The New River trial is a boardwalk that takes you down to the river side.  I saw a giant feline on this trail (I don't think it was just a cat, since it was HUGE, but I couldn't get close enough to see) and a raccoon darted across my path as well.The best part?  Since this is a nature center, it is always free!  This is definitely a great way to spend the afternoon.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,1/19/2013,529,642,14,25,15>Our beloved, beleaguered River of Grass. If you're a South Florida native of a generation or two (or three), you likely feel this place rattling around in your very bones, a stark, peaceful counterpoint to our frenetic metropolitan area. Sadly, a lot of people just "don't get it." It's unlike any other national park in the country. It doesn't have the imposing grandeur of Yellowstone or the Smokies, nor the monoliths or sheer relief of Arches or Bryce Canyon. Expecting a similar experience as those can only lead to disappointment, but if you can recognize that Everglades has its own unique beauty, you'll realize that it's in the same class of national treasures, and deserves to be loved every bit as much. One "problem" with the Everglades is that while it's an enormous park in terms of acreage, much of it is difficult to access. Difficult may be an understatement, when we are talking about hundreds of square miles of frequently-wet slough, punctuated by the occasional hammock (slightly higher-elevated tree island) featuring a swampy paradise of greenery and potentially-unfriendly wildlife. Oh, there's nothing to stop you from undertaking a swamp slog, nothing at all. However, keep in mind that this is the exact same terrain that defeated the United States armed forces in the Seminole Wars of the 1800s. If you're not a grizzled South Florida swamp veteran, or a Seminole/Miccosukee, it'll defeat you too. If you want to walk around, you have a few options. First of all, everyone should spend some time on the Anhinga Trail, an elevated walkway over the full-of-wildlife Taylor Slough not far from the Coe Visitor Center. It's almost Disney-esque...if Disney World had an "Everglades" ride, this is probably what it would look like. The anhingas stand on pilings like Animatronics, completely unafraid. Alligators? Oh yeah, lots of them - this is probably the closest most tourists will ever get to the scary reptiles, and indeed, for most casual drive-bys, this trail represents "seeing the Everglades." Other trails include the Pinelands, a short, dry hike through our indigenous pine scrub that represents the highest-elevation ground, and the Gumbo Limbo, a lush trail filled with tropical hardwoods including the eponymous, and the occasional solution hole - erosions of the underlying limestone bedrock. If you want a longer hike, the Gumbo Limbo trail accesses Ingraham Highway, a respectable 11-mile walk. That's about it for hiking - as I said, there isn't much consistently dry ground in the Everglades. Want to really see the Everglades? You need a boat. Especially as the sawgrass freshwater prairies give way to a more brackish environment, there is some navigable shallow water, best explored via canoe or kayak. Go all the way down to Flamingo, the End of the Road, for the canoe rentals. You can choose to paddle around right at Flamingo, where you'll likely see a saltwater crocodile or two, or you can drive 9 miles back up the road to 9 Mile Pond, where boats are also available (though you still have to drive to Flamingo to pay). I would highly recommend paddling 9 Mile Pond - this is a real, up close and personal Everglades experience. Mangrove tunnels, grass paddling - it's so peacful and quiet. The full route is marked by white stakes, which is a very good thing or else you'd get lost after 500 yards. It takes about 3-4 hours to paddle, so keep that in mind if you want to attempt the whole loop. There is a bypass halfway through that shortens it - for most, this is what I'd suggest. If you have your own kayak, go ahead and attempt Hell's Bay. I've never done it, but I've seen pictures, and it's a crazy maze of mangrove tunnels, though helpfully marked just the same. I know some people may not have the time, but if you do have time to spend, get into a boat of some kind - you'll appreciate the Everglades that much more. Camping? Take note of the summer mosquito season - and be warned, we're talking about *clouds* of mosquitoes here. They are thick. Fall/winter/spring months, while not devoid of bugs completely (this is a swamp, after all), are much more tolerable. Not to mention, the famous Everglades heat and humidity relents.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/18/2013,619,794,16,16,18>I've been lucky enough to be in town this parade for the past few years, and I can tell you that it's one of the funnest events of the year in the Miami area.As I understand it, the King Mango Strut parade began when some people were kicked out of the King Orange Bowl parade for being too irreverent and non-PC.   They started their own parade, the King Mango Strut, and they basically parody and satire all the major political and news events from the previous year.  They poke fun of a lot of things that made headlines and have a good time doing it.  The irony of it all, of course, is that the King Mango Parade lives on, while the King Orange Bowl Parade died out years ago.As others have mentioned, the parade is much more fun when we're together as a large group, complete with coolers of "adult refreshments", food/drink tables set up for our group and recurring treats such as drunk gummy bears and jello shots. Our group also tends to get involved in the parade, interact with the people who are participating in the parade, and this past year, a few even went out into the street and joined in on the "Gangnam Style" dance that the "Ganja Style/Legalize Florida" group was performing.In all a good time, and for some reason this event always feels so laid back - Christmas has passed as have all the preparations and shopping for the holidays and King Mango is a chance to stand around and recap the big news events of the past year while having a laugh or two - or maybe a bunch more.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,1/17/2013,587,1627,6,7,6>This place came to me as a surprise.Despite it being one of the oldest Venezuelan restaurant in Miami dating back to 1996 (Venezuelans living in Miami before this time was a pretty rare idea before the late 1990s), this place does its publicity by word-of-mouth. I didn't know about this place until a single rogue article appeared earlier this year.And so I came here for breakfast - and it is surprisingly priced very reasonably and the place is well-kept and organized. I ordered the arepa con perico ($4.50 for an arepa with scrambled eggs with tomato and onions) with queso blanco rallado (grated white cheese) y mantequilla (butter) that was included - and a jugo de parchita (passion fruit juice - with water, not milk) and had a filling meal.And I give this place five stars - the passion fruit juice was just perfect and with the breakfast, it reminded me of a good meal I have had in Venezuela - a la casera - homestyle. The arepa was also surprisingly just perfect - great size, grilled right, and perfect for filling the perico, butter and cheese.These arepas aren't the small and skimpy kinds you find in many other Venezuelan restaurants in Miami. And they're far much more reasonably priced here - for $5 max! It's the real thing. But there's other things in the menu as well that I'll love to come back to try - they have tequeños, empanadas, patacones, cachapas, hallacas (tamales), lunch (chicken & beef entrees, pepitos & sandwiches, etc). I even spotted a "plato arabe" or an Arabian plate that has grilled chicken, tabouli, hummus and pita bread.I'll definitely return for Venezuelan food done right!P.S. The sign outside gives an impression that it's a cake shop - but I did not get that impression once inside inside. The sign is old but inside it is apparent that their primary focus is being a counter restaurant.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,1/16/2013,233,409,18,16,13>I was pretty sad when American Noodle bar vacated this spot.  I actually poured some Ramen soup on the ground to mourn my dead homie.After eating at Blue Collar, I got over it.  Quick.The food here is seriously outta hand.  I'm not sure how I would categorize the menu, there are lots of different southern comfort foods, breakfast items, salads, and an ungodly selection of veggies.  Maybe I just call it GOOD STUFF.We ordered a trio of entrees:Big Ragout - The dictionary says this is pronounced  "Big Ragoo".  I have no idea what a "Ragoo" is but holy sh$t is it BIG.  This is not a sandwich.  There is no possible way anyone can pick this up and eat it.  It is a huge mound of slow cooked veal placed on some bread...and it is YUMMY.  This may be the entire baby cow on this sandwich....Mac - This stuff is the real deal.  I know everyone thinks they have good mac but this one was crusty on top, creamy in the middle, and oozing with goodness.Shrimp & Grits - Glad to see some places repping the south here in North Cuba.  They say this is an app, but you can eat this for your meal.  Good stuff but the Ragoo and Mac were stronger.My belly was about to burst after leaving here.  Everything was so good I just could not stop eating despite my growing discomfort.This would easily be a 5 star review except for one complaint.  This place is incredibly HOT inside.  I know it's a small venue with an open kitchen but you should not be sweating profusely while dining indoors unless you are here with your girlfriend and your wife just walked in.  Not sure what's up with the AC, but it might have been cooler outside under the beating summer sun.Come here at night when it's cooler, but the food here is great.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,2/5/2013,1127,496,7,11,9>WOW!Been to a handful of Cirque Du Soleil shows and this one did not disappoint!Went to Opening Night with none other than Yelp Miami's Ringleader, Mr. Johnny T.This was actually their 1,000 show. That alone is incredible.From the very opening it is a high energy show with "frogs" jumping all around this dome shaped structure. Every single "scene" is amazing but my hands down favorite was towards the end when a man and woman do an INSANE roller skate routine. Edge of my seat, waiting for something to go wrong but SO SO SO impressive.I assumed the theme was "nature". They have some native american dance scenes, frogs, monkeys, cave men, etc but then totally threw me off with a futuristic Lady Gaga type section that focused on what I think were diamonds? Perhaps that's to symbolize man taking from nature......or maybe I am reading too much into it.The show is perfectly balanced with high energy - high risk, stunts mixed with hilarious comedy. One of the "comedians" actually liked my photo on instagram - which I thought was super cool. So make sure you use those hashtags so they can find you!The gross mismanagement of parking and concessions will be over looked as I am sure Sun Life Stadium provides those. Parking was like the Wild Wild West with no direction of traffic whatsoever. The concessions were a total mess. Hot sodas, computer/register crashing, no trays to take your stuff to your seats, trash cans overflowing with garbage, etc. But not even THAT could take away from the show. Plus, the chocolate popcorn was to die for.AMAZING show and would highly recommend it.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,2/4/2013,969,161,28,22,17>in-college-i-dated-an-exchange-student-from-the-london-school-of-economics-she-was-basically-the-human-version-of-the-united-nations-born-in-israel-ethnically-turkish-spoke-greek-and-practiced-a-customized-version-of-sunni-islam-hande-didnt-cover-her-hair-with-a-hijab-or-abstain-from-alcohol-but-was-tyrannical-about-observing-religious-holidays-and-not-eating-haraam-forbidden-foods-we-met-just-before-ramadan-the-month-of-fasting-and-she-spent-that-time-starving-and-jittery-from-nicotine-withdrawal-towards-the-end-of-the-month-she-was-starting-to-get-delirious-and-probably-imagined-i-was-a-walking-talking-iskender-skewer-grilled-lamb-marinated-in-tomato-butter-sauce-and-get-uncomfortably-close-to-smokers-to-inhale-their-breath-i-needed-to-cheer-her-up-after-a-successful-ebay-mission-to-get-a-carton-of-larks-i-was-on-a-quest-find-halaal-meat-the-only-problem-miami-isnt-dearborn-michigan-with-the-nations-largest-muslim-community-this-was-pre-yelp-so-by-sheer-luck-i-found-a-pakistani-cabbie-outside-of-club-space-and-he-pointed-me-to-asia-grocery-it-not-only-had-what-i-was-looking-for-but-these-treats-as-well-a-menu-of-seven-homestyle-items-cooked-to-order-the-whole-bill-of-fare-costs-20-and-will-feed-2-big-3-average-or-4-small-people-having-not-even-seen-a-south-asian-until-i-got-to-my-first-college-level-chemistry-class-i-had-no-idea-what-i-was-eating-for-your-benefit-heres-a-brief-glossary-paratha-buttery-fried-breadchicken-tikka-marinated-in-yogurt-butter-and-spices-then-baked-in-a-clay-oven-and-served-with-a-cucumberoniontomato-saladrolls-beef-kabab-spicy-ground-meat-chicken-kabab-saffron-spiced-or-vegi-curried-legumes-and-vegetables-wrapped-in-a-parathasamosa-fried-pastry-stuffed-with-spiced-garbanzos-potatoes-peas-and-carrots-served-with-chili-saucei-washed-it-all-down-with-some-freaky-drinks-it-was-a-bit-of-trial-and-error-as-i-tried-an-aampanna-green-mango-juice-box-that-was-saltier-than-licking-paula-deens-armpit-as-an-encore-i-tried-ayran-mint-yogurt-drink-thats-similar-to-lapping-up-a-yoplait-that-someone-that-doesnt-like-you-dashed-against-the-ground-at-the-bonneville-salt-flats-these-are-some-i-enjoyed-badam-sounds-like-something-a-pimp-from-the-70s-would-say-i-went-badam-on-those-jive-turkeys-but-its-really-almond-milk-available-in-regular-chocolate-or-saffron-flavor-basil-seed-drink-feels-like-youre-drinking-a-bottle-of-insect-larvae-but-tastes-like-the-goddess-of-love-kamadeva-herself-poured-you-a-glass-of-honey-wine-idris-fiery-ginger-beer-with-hands-that-will-literally-choke-you-with-hot-hot-heat-after-trying-sweets-made-from-lentils-jaangiri-i-decided-to-go-the-more-familiar-route-and-purchased-kulfi-frozen-custard-the-flavors-made-me-realize-why-the-spice-trade-began-in-the-first-placefalooda-rose-kesar-saffron-and-pista-pistachioasia-grocery-is-a-scaled-down-version-of-the-anarkali-market-in-lahore-pakistan-which-sells-anything-and-everything-from-instruments-to-rice-cookers-if-you-need-any-help-dont-be-afraid-to-ask-any-of-the-employees-of-this-family-owned-business-theyre-a-treasure-trove-of-information-for-where-to-buy-saris-best-tea-for-making-chai-or-recommendations-for-hindi-filmsi-counted-down-the-end-of-ramadan-to-the-minute-and-made-my-entrance-bearing-cancer-sticks-from-england-meats-blessed-by-a-cleric-and-potatoes-polish-vodka-we-watched-the-bollywood-rom-com-salaam-namaste-and-then-i-serenaded-her-with-modern-englishs-lyrics-ill-stop-the-world-an-melt-with-you-while-using-a-kulfi-popsicle-as-a-microphone-it-was-a-night-worth-waiting-43829-minutes-for
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,2/3/2013,253,216,4,7,7>Dining at Nemesis was more than a meal, it was an experience. Come with an open mind, empty belly, and plenty of cash in your wallet, and you'll be in for a delicious treat.We were feeling adventurous the evening we went to Nemesis, and decided to try the grilled octopus and the tortellini. O-M-G, the grilled octopus was so much better than I imagined and that I could possibly describe. The dessert (I can't remember what it was called) was recommended by the chef and also incredible. Since we had no reservation, we ended up sitting at the bar that directly faces the kitchen. It was quite entertaining to watch brilliance in action, and it was nice that Micah took the time to talk to us. We also got a visit from her adorable chatty young daughter who was hanging out at the restaurant that night.Bring a date or your favorite friend, and check this place out. You'll definitely forget you're in Miami! Please note--reservations are a must & this place is not ideal for large groups.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/2/2013,309,226,6,7,6>Ah, Sunday. I think you may be one of the more disliked days of the week - I mean, let's face it - it's the end of the weekend, and you-know-who is right around the corner (back to work, kiddies!), but you still offer one last hurrah... brunch!After reading all the great reviews, Grisel L. and I decided to bring our friend from NYC here for a girls' brunch date - and it was exactly what we expected it to be!  Lovely atmosphere and delicious food... perfect!The restaurant is delightful.  This is a great place to come with anyone - your besties, for a family birthday, to relax with your better half...   It's very simple, very classic, clean, and relaxing.  There is tons of outside seating on the deck, and the inside (although small) is really chic - all white decor.  They even have a super cute lawn area/type spot with a table... perfect to reserve for a birthday or special occasion!  And in the spirit of that beautiful Sunday morning, the gals and I took advantage and sat outside on the deck, promptly ordering a pitcher of mimosa - love!The food was very, very good.  We started off with the fritatta to share - essentially an omelet with chorizo, some veggies and cheese which was very similar to a Spanish tortilla.  Really good, definitely big enough to split!  As my main dish, I chowed down on the eggs benedict which were just so perfectly cooked and put together.  When I cut into the egg, the yolk just oozed onto the muffin and, well, you can imagine how it made me feel...  My friends had the waffle (huuuuuge) and the french toast (huuuuuge).  I had a couple of bites of their dishes, and have to say they were solid, tasty dishes.  The french toast, especially, was divine!Because we were so stuffed from our gluttonous american sized portions and imbibing the pitcher of mimosa, we had no room for dessert.  I was eying the bread pudding from the moment the menu was handed to me, and it devastated me to have to turn it down (ah, first world problems!).  Because of this, I am planning a very soon to be trip back with the ball 'n chain - I absolutely recommend this place!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/1/2013,139,195,2,8,5>My co-worker and his wife took me here for the 1st time. We got there at 8:30pm and it was a little slow so I was kinda skeptical but at the same time happy that we can be seated right away. The manager greeted my friend Carlos and prepared our table.  He was very attentive and treated him like family. Since they have been numerous times, I just left the ordering decisions in their hands cause they know what sushi concoctions I like :) This place has plenty of creative Sushi on the menu if you are into that and other non-traditional Asian inspired dishes but I had my heart set on chef's specialty rolls.  We started with the Crispy Rice Spicy Tuna for apps. The diced tuna topping was fresh, crispy rice was still warm from the oven...what a delicious way to start so I figured...I was in for a treat! These were the sushi items we ordered (See my pics)1) Opera Tower - Wow..What a creation!2) Beef Eater - Flavorful & Filling...good for non-fish eater!3) Crazy Tuna - Yes..it is crazy good!- All of these dishes were presented carefully unlike some Sushi restaurants which serve sushi rolls that are kinda soggy from too much sauce. The chef at Nove Kitchen knows his craft very well.4) The 4th Sushi Entree was not on the menu but I think they were called Sushi Bomb (See my pic) - My friend Carlos knew the hookup for these delicious morsels. They were round, filled with mini diced tuna, wrapped in thinly sliced avocado, touch of eel sauce, and caviar on top. It was an explosion of flavor!For desert, we had Panqueque w/ Dulce de Leche Flambeado. By this time, we were all so full but had to do the right thing, eat and savor this yummy dessert.  The server brought this dessert to our table, then flamed it to give it crunch and topped it with ice cream...yes...we were entertained, enticed by the presentation so we devoured :)I cant speak for the other dishes on the menu but I love the all the selections that my friends ordered. I will definitely come back to try other items on the menu as I was impressed with the flavors on my 1st visit :)
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,1/31/2013,52,77,3,5,4>My office decided to have their Holiday lunch at Crave restaurant. I work in the Gables and they wanted a restaurant that was near and upscale that everyone could enjoy. Therefore, we made the reservations and went. What an experience we had!!! We first ordered appetizers: Crispy rice with spicy Tuna:Flying fish roe, jalapeño, spicy mayo; Bamboo bite:Crunchy tempura shrimp, cream cheese topped with avocado, thin slices of jalapeño, with hibachi & unagi sauces; Fresh Blue Crab and Artichoke:creamy crab blend, shrimp, fresh herbs, tandoori bread and not to forget the Marguerita flatbread. Whoo! lot's of appetizers for us to share and very excellent too. We also ordered the Koji Beek Tacos but they were out of it. Yeah, there were a lot of holiday parties at the restaurant.For quench our thirst we all had white wine from the Riesling, Pinot Grigio, French Chardonnay etc. Very suprisingly.As an entree, I had the Angel Hair Pomodoro, my colleagues had the Seared Ahi Salad, Spicy Lamb Burger: Tzatziki, caramelized onions, goat cheese; Asian Noodle salad, Spicy Lamb meatballs and Mahi Mahi tacos. Everything came out on time (even thought there were big holiday parties around us) and hot. Full service.For dessert, were were surprised with champagne and an assortment of Crave Miniatures. All of my colleagues left with a great impression for Crave and I well I told them I will be celebrating my big birthday celebrating there!!!Love Crave and definitely coming back for my big celebration!!!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,1/30/2013,143,73,9,15,9>This is a bit lengthy! Sorry! I've been here twice so far. Once because DJ Questlove from The Roots was the guest DJ and the second time was just to chill with some friends. Few things I like about this place. No cover fee! How great is that? No cover fee all night. The line might get kind of long but don't let it scare you! It moves pretty quickly. I got in line on a Friday night after midnight, maybe around 12:30 or so and I waited about 10 minutes. Dress code isn't super strict. It is casual but don't expect to get in if you show up in sandals and sweats, you feeeels me?Now the crowd. Some people get inside and they're like, "OMG it's so crowded! Let's leave blah blah blah". No worries! There's an outside patio! And honestly, as hot and steamy it gets in the building itself, the outside patio is your best option, lol. There's also a pool table (inside), a ping pong table (outside), and they have regular board games for the lounge-y area inside (Connect 4, Jenga, Dominoes, etc).I personally love the music here. They throw it back REALLY far sometimes and you just want to do the Charleston lol but they play the new stuff too. Definitely expect Jump On it, Poison, This is How We Do It, etc etc. Drinks are kind of expensive, but what do you expect? No cover fee ... they gotta make their money somehow! Their long islands and specialty drinks are usually strong . . but for some reason, depending on the bartender, they'll give you different-sized cups, one bigger than the other. Same price though :( so they should be a bit more consistent with that. Last thing is parking! Don't forget this is Brickell. Parking around there is a bit crazy so I suggest parking 2 to 3 blocks away and walking. That's all, folks!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,1/29/2013,223,142,12,13,12>Ok, I will keep it real, I don't like to exercise. Like, at all. I want to be healthy and thin but I don't like to work for that goal. It's just not fun!But Hannah S. recommended going to a spinning class. I haven't gone to a spinning class since my sophomore year of college in 2001. lol Not sure that I wanted to make a fool of myself, I hesitated. But she raved about the spinning class with Shawn P. at Sanctuary 7 and I caved in. After going to his class I've got to say that I love spinning now. I want to do it every single day. And can Shawn teach the class? I walked in to Sanctuary and was greeted by the front-desk lady and Shawn with huge smiles. A Pilates class was going on and I peeked in. It looked like fun. I would like to try it out at some point. The cycling room was next door. It's a medium sized room with a bunch of bikes and mirrors. I loved that they all faced a mirror (for you to focus on how hard you are working, I'm sure). Shawn began the class with a fast song and then slowed it down. I was a bit nervous because it had been so long since I had cycled but I found myself actually enjoying it. Shawn made me laugh and motivated me to keep pedaling faster, even when I wanted to give up.This was really such a great and fun class! Big thumbs up to Sanctuary for providing such a great and clean gym, and to Shawn for being an awesome instructor. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,1/28/2013,224,239,5,7,7>O.m.g. I feel like I died and went to heaven after eating here, no joke.I went for brunch. So my review is only based on my brunch menu item choices.What'd I order??Black truffle steak omelette - 4/5 stars. Very interesting, taste was spot on, the truffle oil was definitely noticeable in every bite. Delicious i tell you. The only thing I would change about this menu item would be to add more egg. It was too much steak compared to how much egg was on the plate. Gotta get the ratio right. My boyfriend ordered-The fried chicken and biscuit - 5/5 stars! Amazing. Seriously freaking amazing. My boyfriend is a Southern boy and has eaten some of the best friend chicken out there. Once he took one bite, he was amazed. He called it the best fried chicken he'd ever eaten. He was so impressed he even told the server. Of course, I had to taste it. That is when I too had a foodgasm over that damn fried chicken that I can't stop dreaming about. I would go back every Sunday if I could just to eat this offering.Dessert?Krispy Kreme bread pudding - Holy calories, holy taste! Soooo good. A must-try guys!!Prices?Way overpriced for a brunch (see picture of brunch menu). But sadly they know they could get away with it since the food is so good.Service?Very good. Drink refills came, he checked on us several times, and chatted it up with the boyfriend about the chef which is ironically Asian (making the best fried chicken!) Impressive, I tell you.Decor?It's a bar, people. Don't expect fancy schmancy stuff here.Overall, I really did enjoy my meal here. Best meal I have had in a while.The Local-I will not only return but I will also recommend you to all my friends/family. Can't wait to meet that poultry face-to-face again, lol.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,1/27/2013,82,120,5,7,5>Let me start by saying this place is... WOW! IMO, this place is SoBe's best kept secret for asian fusion cuisine,,, you are in for a treat! I promise...They say that great food and great service is what makes a dining experience an enjoyable one... of course, I cannot disagree w that but add to that, great company and Chef Ortiz, the man himself, making a personal introduction to his pride and joy and taking the time to explain to you the menu and how he puts his culinary passion like an artist does on a canvas is taking a dining experience to the next level! I can't remember the last time I had so much fun just getting together w family and friends and just sharing time, laughs and great food! As for service, this place is at the top of my list... ask for Mr. Carr and he will tell you all about the menu items and his own faves...At first glance, Chef Ortiz would have been the very opposite of what I would have expected for a head chef to be cooking for me british good eats and asian cuisine and we are not just talking about one style but many... from korean to vietnamese and everything in between, he manages to put his own twist and make even a spring roll into a work of art... As he explains, everything is made fresh daily using the finest ingredients and I must say, it makes a BIG difference in the taste... Everything is so fresh that he doesn't even have a fridge or walk-in cooler as most restaurants do... By the end of the night, my initial perception of this man was completely out the door... I am humbled and pleasantly delighted and my tummy feels enlightened but hopefully not looking like the sitting happy buddha... Chef Ortiz, cheers! Bravo!OK, on to other things, the decor and the ambiance of the place is nice but honestly, I was having so much fun that we could have been out poolside and the experience would have been equally impressive... On to the food... Here are some of my faves...-BBQ Short Ribs... meat falls off the bone... delicious... dip it into the sweet hot sauce if you dare!-Banh Mi vietnamese sandwich... very nicely done... and the only banh mi in town!-Wings... very nice w the freshly made hot wing sauce made... -Ho Chi Minh Beef... not on the menu yet ...part of the new menu coming soon... this is great! ask for it spicy and your taste buds will thank you later...-K Pao Hot Dog... if you are not into asian cuisine, try this one! it is loaded!as for drinks... they have a full bar... white sangrias are flowing but if you want something smooth, check out their cold sake selections... my better half went drink happy and tried everything from the "snow maiden" to the "wandering poet" so make sure you either have a designated driver or have your loved one be able to "designate" you back to the right room/suite... =)If you still manage to save some room for dessert, go for the sundae or the chef fave ice cream sandwich... indulgence to the max! I can go on about this place... from the moment you arrive and giving your keys to the valet to the moment you you get back into your car, it is top notch hospitality... if you want to take the experience even further, stay a night or two at the Surfcomber and you just found yourself immersed in a small piece of heaven just like we did!HAPPY ANNIVERSAY MY LOVE! Let's do it again soon! =)
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2008,11/1/2009,115,143,6,10,7>This mall is the best mall in Southern Miami to do some wardrobe adjusting at, there is everything from a JCPenny to a Saks 5th Avenue.  It's where the Macy*s flagship store of Florida is, meaning if Macy*s sells it, it is going to be in this store.  As for the other sorts of retail there's the GAP trifecta with Old Navy across the street, a Coach & Tumi exclusive stores, a huge new Victoria Secret, and a Nordstrom which I could never find anything I like in that store.  The Food Court is pretty impressive having a Chik Fil' A, and a Johnny Rockets.  Along with a Crepe kiosk, but they also have sit down restaurants like The CheeseCake Factory which usually have a 20-40 minute wait, and another place that I've never really looked twice at across from it.  Specialty stores are also abundant with a Mayors, Sephora, Gamestop, Foot Locker/Champs, Hot Topic, New York and Company, a wide spread and at least there's a sign that a new Apple Store will be opening.  A Very excellent mall for the avarage consumer, if you want something more high end and have an afternoon to lose yourself, The Shops of Bal Harbor is where you want to go, I used to go there to purchase Yves Saint Laurent sunglasses, because they are the best, and it's quite stunning.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2009,10/31/2009,904,1293,9,16,16>They have been around for 71 years. I think that says it all. I would love to be able to just sit at that counter (because that is all they have, no tables) and just go back in time to the 40's & 50's for just a while. I seriously felt that I had, although a cup of coffee and some talk in '46 would fascinate me to no end.  The conversations that must have gone on in there, the history lover in me is chomping at the bit. We actually found it by accident. How is it that we have been passing by on our commute and missed it every day?? Maybe its because its right in front of a cemetery and I am obsessed with them? Never looked at the other side of the street, until today. Old school through and through. No nonsense service, delicious grits, eggs, coffee.. y'kno. Breakfast. Prices reasonable and yes as everyone has mentioned its CASH ONLY. Good thing we had some. The best part? Free parking in the back. The lunch menu looked delicious, I will have to return for a bite soon!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,10/30/2009,106,279,10,16,13>Que rico!!!!!!!It had been so long since I had un-Americanized Mexican food, I am so glad we rediscovered this little place with big flavor. I hadn't been here in the longest time, so much so that I had almost forgotten about it. Thankfully, some awesome friends who love Mexican decided to come here last Friday night and we joined them. 10 o'clock at night and this place was packed!!! The staff moved quickly to set up a table for the ten of us, and we were seated in no time.mmmm. mmmm. mmmm. Everything in the menu sounded so delicious; I had the hardest time choosing what to order - so, being the pig that I am I ordered everything that looked good (almost the entire menu). I had Tacos al pastor - good but too much onion for my taste; Tortilla with beans and cheese and sour cream - put that cheese all over my nose, I don't care, every bite was crunchy and delicious; a Chicken enchilada which was really, really good - my hubs had the cheese enchilada and I think I liked that one better, but the chicken was delicious nonetheless; and I finished off with a bite from a chicken flauta that I was too stuffed to eat, so it was quickly devoured by others in seconds. All that, and double it with my husband's order, plus two beers, all for $25 - no kidding - this place is depression-economy heaven for hungry people!Writing this review is making my mouth water just thinking of all the food, don't be surprised if you find me there on my way home tonight - mmmm!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2009,10/29/2009,314,746,14,17,13>OMG, OMG, OMG!!I don't eat meat....so what on earth am I doing in this place and why do I love it? I was told by my carnivorous friends that they have a "burger bar" here with a Veggie burger....they were all having cravings for the meat, so I decided I would give it a whirl. And my God, am I glad I did.If you go and sit in the little bar area they will bring out their burger menu. It's pretty cool because they have a couple signature burgers or you can get or create your own. Who wouldn't want to make their own?We all made our little creations. You select what burger type - they have a falafel option for veg heads, various beef types and some variety of bird burgers.  You pick 6 toppings for your burger de jour. Topping options are cheese, veggies, and sauce. And voila, your wonderful little burger comes out made to order. I must admit my burger must have came from heaven. I don't know what they put in their falafel mix, but it was excellent. Topped with a little feta cheese, heirloom tomato, jalapenos, spinach, and for some reason I can't remember the other 2! I guess I'll just have to go back for a recreation. Oh yeah, you get to pick your bun too.They have fries they cook in duck fat, for that reason I did not have any. The carnivores said they were delectable. The carnivores also devoured their burgers and one said "if I could make love to food....I think I just did!"I recommend going to this place to check out the burgers. All the meat heads loved it & they have veggie options for all your green grazing friends. I can't comment on the rest of the menu because we didn't even look at it. The burgers run $16 a pop, but are well worth the splurge. The service was great and we all left fat and happy. Don't tell my friends I said that!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,10/28/2009,1381,665,12,14,14>Dear Casavana,I am soooo grateful for you.  You saved our lives last night.  Neither one of us was in any mood or condition to drive to the Coral Reef location to pick up food, but we were both really craving Cuban.  So we decided we were going to bite the bullet, order the food, and make a little adventure out of picking up dinner...  However, when I Googled "Casavana" on my phone via text (best service ever!), an additional location that I had never seen appeared.  That was THIS location.  And not knowing where Mills Drive was, I thought maybe we would luck out and you would deliver!Well, the truth is, you don't deliver to us normally, but since the girl who answered the phone took our order, address, etc, and told us that you would deliver, you came through and honored our order, even after you called to let us know you don't come our way (neither does the Coral Reef location, WTF, FML).Thank you for the outstanding customer service of delivering an order to stick to your word.  We really appreciated that hospitality since we didn't want to drive.The food was delicious, as expected, although I found my Sopa De Pollo to be in need of salt.  The Pan con Bistec was A-MA-ZING and cooked to my perfection (American cheese, papitas, and cebollitas).  And the BF's Croquetta Preparada was DELISH!Thanks again!!!Sabrina*
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,10/27/2009,142,214,10,16,13>Insert Friend's Name here: "Oh my gosh you look so cute. Where did you get that?"Me: "Flamingo PLaza of course!"9 times out of 10 I have found amazing stuff here. There are about 5 different thrift stores in the plaza. I will say if you are not an avid thirfter be prepared. Bring cash, patience, and a sense of fashion adventure. I have gotten everything from a Vintage Lacoste cardigan for $3, to an awesome chair for $4, and tons of purses, bags shoes. It is a great place to find nice blouses, especially if you are like me and enjoy them in the retro variety. Finding kitchen utensils, and other home items is pretty easy. I once found an awesome full size green etch-a-sketch! Drawbacks: you end up spending more money that you might think because there is so much to choose from. So shop wisely. I find it's helpful to gather everything you picked up and do a full look through. Check the size, for stains and ask yourself will I wear/use this?Be ready to sift through and take your time.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2009,10/26/2009,75,268,7,8,7>Went here last night to celebrate my sister in laws birthday.  Three of us arrived first and the other two met us there a bit later.  First of all, they have FREE valet parking...almost unheard of here in South Florida...5 stars for that.  Second, they were pretty packed at the time we arrived but we were seated almost immediately.  They were very welcoming and nice as we entered.  The restaurant is a bit small, cozy and very charming.  As we had to wait a little bit for the rest of our party to arrive, we had a look at their drink list, which it's not very extensive but it was good.  My son in law had the Japanese beer, Saporro (I think) and I had (I don't remember exactly what it had) a peach, vodka and something cosmo...it was delicious.  Our party finally arrives and we are ready to celebrate the night away.  Our waitress, Kim, was excellent, she also gets 5 stars.  We start with some coconut shrimp, they were good but not the best I've had.  Some sushi rolls and then...our food arrives.OMG!!! was it delicious or was it delicious!!! oh wow!!! it was EXCELLENT!!! five different plates and we were ALL satisfied with our choices.  I had the chicken pad thai..wow!!! 5 stars, hubby had his pineapple fried rice...5 stars and so on for the rest of the table.All in all, the place is very nice...the service was excellent and the food was outstanding.  To end our wonderful meal, we ordered two desserts and we, quietly, told Kim who's birthday it was and, when she brought my sister in law her wonderful dessert, she had put a candle on it and brought someone else from the restaurant to help us sing happy birthday.WONDERFUL!!! DELICIOUS!!! OUTSTANDING!!! you HAVE to ck it out.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2009,10/25/2009,25,75,5,9,10>I can't believe I'm the first one to write a review for this place, because every time I go to one of their openings, O.H.W.O.W. is constantly packed with the most beautiful crowd this side of SoBe.    If you can brave the rough-looking neighborhood that it's located in, you'll be rewarded with the best time you can have on the cheap in Miami.  Free beer and good DJs are a staple at every event they host, and some times you can get lucky and get free liquor and/or free snacks at some of the events, too.  O.H.W.O.W. has a gallery is in the front area of the building, a warehouse area with a stage (in back of the gallery) where DJs and bands perform and serves as a dance area, and an enclosed lot (on the side) where you can go outside and hang out and talk.  The next time O.H.W.O.W. has an event, do yourself a favor:  skip the expensive and loud clubs and lounges, head to O.H.W.O.W., enjoy the art, music, free beer, and people, and tell your wallet to thank me afterward.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,10/24/2009,223,290,7,9,9>Best of the best in vegetarian fare. It's an instant favorite of mine when i'm in the area. I know Michael C. was talking about how this place seems to be a niche joint exclusive to the vegetarians, but I never got that vibe. I didn't walk into this place wearing organic cotton and a beanie; I actually went in wearing aviators and was still treated more than fairly. I got the tuna sandwich on pita with beets(?), carrots, lettuce, spinach, and tomato. Pair that up with the miso sauce and it was pretty great. I also had a tofu/vegetable empanada. It was the first time I had tried tofu and hardly noticed, tasted like a soft chicken. Definitely well-seasoned. To top it off, I had this green smoothie, forgot the name but it looked super weird and came out to be THE best smoothie i've ever had. Next time I go i'll get whatever they're serving. I know this is the kind of place I can eat ANYTHING in.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,10/23/2009,381,1142,9,11,10>I used to come here regularly for many years and couldn't remember why I stopped coming, so I gave it another try last night.  We had one of those feasts that dreams are made of.  We started with the escargots (snails in garlic butter) and the foie gras.  The foie gras is no longer a canned mousse but actually homemade!  It tastes so much better now.  They still haven't updated the menus yet but make no mistake, that's high quality and homemade foie gras you're tasting.  It comes with Belgian endives holding the foie gras gelatin and diced pineapples.  The snails were out of this world good.  That garlic sauce is really a home-run.  For dinner, I had to go with a safe bet and get the always remarkable confit de canard.   The duck leg was very crispy, hot, fresh, and perfectly seasoned and was served on a bed of trufled sauteed potatoes and frisee salad.  When I used to come here, I used to love getting the entrecote beurre persille with french fries.  That ribeye is so juicy and buttery and their french fries are unbelievable.  I of course opted to go for the Bordeaux to accompany our meal.  They were great and suggested a cheaper Bordeaux that they thought was actually better than most of the more expensive ones, and they were right on the money. The maitre D and the waitstaff were very courteous, funny, and friendly and frequently gave us some wonderful freebies as they recognized us from when we used to be regulars.  It was a great experience and I will highly recommend this place if you're looking for a wonderful and authentic brasserie in Coral Gables.  I can also vouch for their Merguez (Moroccan sausage) as well as the steak that comes with the shallots sauce.  Almost everything I've had here has been wonderful.  They know meat and they do it well.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/31/2014,587,1627,5,15,8>The darndest cutest cupcakes ever - and surprisingly good ones at that considering it's even vegan (as much as I believe in the health benefit of vegetarianism and veganism, I just don't generally find food as tasty as those loaded with fat of any kind :)). What made their cupcakes shine is really all in the presentation and their frosting/spreads that accompany it. The chocolate spread that comes accompanied on the plate was a perfectly rich complement to the cupcake that had a dollop of delicious frosting. And the toppings, whether it is an edible flower or a fruit, are also a nice subtle touch for the tastebuds.I would definitely come back even though the parking isn't quite the easiest of sort (there are no parking signs all over the place, but I was told that people are allowed to park there as street side parking is supposed to be for customers and employees). This is located in the hidden area of Iron Side (aka Little River Business District) in the backstreet of NE 4th Ct in Upper Eastside.Side note: Their coffee is good as well, as they use an espresso machine.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,3/30/2014,274,769,6,11,10>Olivo's was carnivore heaven! I came for dinner on a trusted recommendation and was not let down. For starters, I was seated very quickly on a full Friday night and service was very prompt and pleasant. My waiter Carlos' suggestion kept the courses coming and was on point with his suggestions.Bread was a tasty mix of flat, brown and croissant with a generous chimichurri dip and butter. (The brown was my favorite). The provoletta was OK, nicely presented with red pepper and herbs. The wine racks looked cool with blue backlighting.My dinner was the Grilled Short Ribs. The menu description of criollo sauce caught my eye, and I was a happy diner. Served medium well, the marinade sat subtly in the background pleasuring my taste buds without overwhelming the natural flavor of the meat. The ribs were perfectly juicy and tender, and large enough to take for dinner tonight. Carlos was even helpful with home preparation recommendations.Coconut sorbet with strawberry slices and mousse. Brought to my table by the chef, it was cool sweet and with a lot of fresh fruit. Yes, dessert was great.  I could go back just for that.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,3/29/2014,141,121,8,14,8>I'm surprised there are such few reviews of this awesome little place. Please don't let the location keep you from having take out from grand ave's not so little secret. The conch fritters are supposed to be the must try item but to my dismay they were SOLD OUT. While deciding what to order to go I followed the sage advice of the nice chatty lady that dove face first into her fried fish sandwich and got inspired to do some face planting myself.I HAD TO order myself a little snack to whet my appetite.. If you want a terrific appetizer to decide what to order... Go for the sausage sandwich and ask for lots of onions and hot sauce.GREAT IDEA MISS SHAUNTRICE!!The owner must have some Willy Wonka feelings towards wings because he has so many flavors and textures. I forget the names but the most memorable were called "Luhweasy" or "free weezy" and "sticky icky"How could you not want to know what that's about?Some are dry rubbed, some are sticky. Some sweet, some tangy, some can burn deliciously!!The guy takes his wings serious and adds fresh ingredients like scotch bonnet peppers to the sauce to kick it up a notch. Just ask him- he'll explain all his creations or his employee manning the register will too. Which btw i love that he has a high school kid learning and working hard. Good job!Ps...he makes Souse.  Call ahead because he sells out!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,3/28/2014,336,556,8,11,12>Different flavors, different textures, this place should be deemed the superlative of "Most Outstanding Place for Cultural Pistachio Desserts on Miracle Mile"-- because this place is just amazing. I came here to escape the daily tribulations and mundane problems of working in a fast-paced office, and this place provided me with a place to ponder, relax, and think. Very casual environment, indeed!The place is very "hipster"-- very hidden, not very mainstream, bare décor, just a place to relax and drink coffee. It isn't a current hit to visit because their hot food section is limited, but I love their baklava. I am not sure what exactly the craze surrounding Panther Coffee is, which they offer, but I hear so many people talk about it. It tastes like all other coffee to me, but still delicious and keeping you awake when you feel like taking a nap at work.I will come here again to satisfy my pistachio needs, but if you are on a tight budget, check out their prices first. I think their baklava is definitely the freshest I have tasted, but this place could burn a hole through your pocket. Maybe I am just cheap. The coffee was $2.50ish, and the cake I got was $6 something, rounding up to $10, but this type of cake was the type of cake that is made with detail, fresh layers of different tastes and textures, and makes you leave with a smile. The freshness, taste of honey, and crispiness of their desserts can be worth it though-- and maybe I am just cheap because everything I have tried here has been delicious.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,3/27/2014,158,150,6,8,7>Although I don't frequent Colombian restaurants as often as I should, I've been hard pressed to find a better restaurant than La Cabana Paisa. This joint, located in one of the most unassuming shopping plazas off Bird Road and 127th ave, serves up some delicious and, what I believe to be, authentic Colombian food. I truly can't recall how many times I've been here and I can honestly say the food and service never lets me down. Being a slave to routine, I always order the same entree: Carne al Carbon. This baby comes with steak, rice, beans, plantains, and a side salad with a slice of avocado on top. BALLLLLIIIIINNNNN! And to top it off (and I mean this literally), they have some delicious sauce that they always bring out so don't fret, you won't have to ask for it because I don't know what it's called but it should be named HEAVEN. Anyway, I pour that sauce over the meat, rice, and beans and it just elevates my meal to a new level. Hooray for good sauces!!! The layout of the restaurant is very spacious but it does stay busy. They also have a small bar where you can eat or throw back some drinks. If you're bored of the conversations being had at your table, look up at the many TVs they have around the place which are usually playing Spanish music videos from my parent's generation, definitely appreciated and entertaining.And if you're worried about the prices, you're in luck because this place has great prices for their food. I know it's located far west than most people tend to drive for good food but if you're in the neighborhood, and even if you're not, get your butt to La Cabana Paisa. You will not regret it.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/26/2014,211,327,5,10,7>I thought I update my review, one because my after my last treatment and the one I just received today my adult acne is almost to non existence.  My facialist is the best. Two because I made a great mistake in saying that my cleanser was raised 30%. I misread my receipt and thought the price went up when it was the same. oops.. But its my favorite cleanser.Anyways the results I get with my facial technician has helped improved my skin so much that I do not need to really wear powder anymore. unless i have that hormonal breakout once a month  I would give her name but im a little selfish right now to share her right now =P shes very professional and honest. They remodels their lobby and it has a little guest relaxation area, its very nice. I love the decor. they have teas, water,  and hot chocolate.  Unfortunately the hot water machine was lukewarm. Yanie the receptionist is very courteous and fun to talk to.treament Room one is the best treatment room of the two, the bed is so comfy. However you can hear outside noise that kind of distrubs the peace and tranquilty experiences of the place. Overall I love how my skin feels after coming here.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,3/25/2014,44,67,4,7,6>This place is easy to miss because it is located in a small little office complex where there are no other restaurants around. Every time I come here the staff is very friendly.I have gotten the garlic steak, jalapeno ranch steak, and the honey mustard chicken. They are all really tasty with my favorite being the garlic steak sub. The garlic sauce that they put on the sub is delicious. I definitely recommend coming here for lunch if you are in the area and don't want to spend too much for lunch. Their fries are also good. They are crisp and lightly seasoned without being greasy.My only qualm with the place is that they charge the same price as places like hungry bear, but they don't give nearly as much meat. It's not like they are stingy on the meat, they give enough, it is more like hungry bear gives enough meat to feed a bear...ooohh bear puns!!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,3/24/2014,234,191,14,10,9>I take back what I said. I take it all back. I have converted to a Swine lover. Ship me off to the Swine convent. I'm forever a fan.We started off with the cornbread (which was awesome), burnt ends (again.....freaking phenomenal), hush puppies (superb...I'm just going to keep using words all the synonyms ), and the mac & cheese ( we probably could have eaten....the entire pot of this stuff ), and the pork shoulder....oh the pork shoulder. So juicy. So tender. So everything I wanted it to be. The drinks were good and strong. We had old fashioned and some girly drink there. Order the old fashioned. You won't regret it. Thank me later.Now....desserts. Desserts is where it's at. We had the Swine shake, which has bacon bits (the real stuff) on top with house made cracker jack, the key lime pie (do they serve this in heaven? cause it sure felt angelic), the cookies and milk which comes with bourbon spiked milk. Yes, bourbon spiked milk. I literally drank just that for the end of my meal. We then had the sticky icky bun (yes, we still had space) which you ALREADY know is AMAZING, DELICIOUS, PHENOMENAL, OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD. Last dessert served was the triple chocolate bread pudding with housemade coffee ice cream and smoked fruits. How I so badly wanted to eat all of it, and lick the plate. That combo was just great. I'm not sure if I was left speechless because I was so full or if it was that good, but I'll go with the latter. Just go....go now. and order one...of everything. Except the Mac & Cheese. Order 5 of those.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,3/23/2014,158,324,8,16,12>I'd say it's among the best and most authentic Cantonese restaurants (hence the five stars) in Miami, as evident by the many Chinese dining there.   They do have a separate Chinese menu to order from (different from the one posted in the gallery here).  As you can tell from the numerous pictures posted, garlic soy chicken is a can't-go-wrong dish to order here.  Tender juicy chicken with ample garlic slices on top.  I also love their salt and pepper chicken wings.  They are cut in a very unique way I haven't seen elsewhere, but once you get over that you'd love the spicy deliciousness.   Sweet and sour pork, done in the authentic way and not the neon hue of the Americanized version, is another delectable dish.  They also make a pretty good beef ho fun (broad rice noodle).Their lobster is more expensive than other Chinese places but definitely a better quality, bigger and full of flavor.  If you like something more exotic: lotus root in nam yue (red tofu) sauce, stir fry A Choi (that's the name, vegetable "A"), goat stew in clay pot, beef brisket with taro, pipa tofu, are dishes that you will only find in real Chinese restaurants.Some misses: the bitter melon and ribs is bland, as if they haven't been cooked long enough for the flavor to blend in.  The salt and pepper fish like-wise, not as good as the chicken.  The chicken feet in vinegary spicy marinade is a bit too chewy.The waitresses here are all very friendly and nice.  Sometimes we'll tell them "last time they didn't pile on enough garlic on the chicken" "we want extra fermented tofu in the water spinach" and they will gladly let the chef know and make sure it's cooked the way we want it.  Trust their advice on what is good and fresh.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,3/22/2014,159,44,8,11,9>A friend of mine referred me to Doral AC Repair. I was in need of an AC repairman. My AC had this weird noise for quite some time already and then one time it decided to stop working. It was hot that day. I was at home doing some paperwork, when it happened. Since it was so hot, it was hard for me to work on anything.Thus, I made a quick call to Doral AC Repair. The representative asked me to describe and identify my AC unit. According to the information I have given, the representative told me that I might still have a warranty and they have the needed parts for repair. He also told me the possible cost and the time needed for it to be repaired.After the phone call, 2 techs arrived after 1 hour. They already have the necessary parts. After another 30 minutes, my AC was back in action. They even gave me an assurance that in the event that AC suffers any issue, they will be there to fix it again.I guess, they are my heroes that day.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,1/24/2012,1489,1675,17,23,22>Oh wow finally after having this place bookmarked for over a year we visited. We happened to be around the corner after dropping a friend off at home. We were thirsty and hungry so I text my friend Patrick to see if the food was any good. Ha well he loves this place so much he decided to meet us. When we first walked in I was pleasantly surprised. OMG, this place is so cute. Tucked in the middle of two small building's with a pool in the center and tables surrounding the patio with the bar being in the back area. We checked in on yelp and got a free beer, woohoo nice, gotta love the check in offers. After reading some of the reviews I was not expecting the best service and with that I mean slow service. The opposite happened, our waiter through out the entire evening was terrific. We started with some wings and calamari, which were very good, lightly battered and fresh. I had a sampler of beer, three different beers which all were great except one I did not care for. The snob ordered a large rare beer that was good but after munching on the hot wing's my palate was a bit disturbed. Sitting outside in such a lovely environment with good company was great. At one point I went to the restroom and woah spotless clean and the most gorgeous glass sink I have ever seen. I wanted to wash my hands forever. hee hee Next up after plenty of beer we decide we better order some real food. I ordered the Grouper and hubby had some chicken dish. P ordered some fish as well. Presentation was nice, the food was good but nothing I would write home about. Hubby's chicken was very good, my grouper was just under seasoned, kinda boring but it was very fresh and juicy. All in all I loved Lou's, the service, the amazing beer selection, and the atmosphere. Very laid back cool place where you can just chill. I will visit again for some good beer and maybe just stick to apps. Had a great fun evening and so thankful I finally got to visit. See you again Lou.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,1/23/2012,21,82,7,7,6>4-4.5, somewhere around there.  went there tonight for dinner and really enjoyed it.  everything was spot on except the ocean dumplings.  i thought they were pretty bland and the person i was with didn't like the consistency.  everything else though - hummus, saganaki, greek salad (amazing!!!!), octopus (delicious even though i think octopi are such cool animals and i hate eating them but this was a tasty dish), mussels, and pork something or other with onion rings (i am usually a vegetarian but i am starting to try a bite or 2 of everything when i go out to eat and this was delicious) and i think that was it.  the service was great.  she was there when you needed her but not overbearing and she was very very cute as well. our waters were kept filled all night which i really appreciate.  i really liked this place and there were so many things that i didn't try but wanted to.  i am so glad to have this place within walking distance.  loved the decor as well.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,1/22/2012,479,576,2,10,11>Free Range, Grass fed, Locally grown..... Even though I have recently begun a vegetarian diet, I felt good walking into this place with my friends who were not vegetarian. It was a bit chilly outside and my friends requested hot tea. Very friendly staff were accommodating to my friends requests for honey, hot water refills etc. (Even though this is a burger restaurant). My friend ordered the Miami Blues Burger.(Florida grass-fed burger w/ crispy bacon, Maytag blue cheese, homemade ketchup, shredded lettuce and sliced red onions). I had the veggie burger (oat bran, brown rice, beets, and prunes, served w/ mayo, French's, lettuce, tomato, pickles, thinly sliced white onion and melted jack cheese.) Both were served with ketchup & honey mustard sauce in cute little cups attached to either side. My burger was amazing. The best veggie burger I have ever had. My friend said her burger was great as well and prepared the way she liked. We had choices of regular or sweet potato fries (same price) We both ordered sweet potato fries. Both the burgers and the fries were hot, fresh, and delicious. Dessert was Puerto Rican Tres Leches. It was mouth wateringly delicious. Perfect texture and flavors. Before our meal Matt, the owner, came by to thank us for sharing opening week with their family; and to feel free to give any comments or criticism for any improvements. His wife also works there. It seems like a family place. We also saw quite a few families happily dining there.  I feel this restaurant/pub will become a local favorite and is here to stay.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,1/21/2012,151,175,5,8,8>We arrived here wanting to grab a drink without having to pay for a cover. As we made our way in we were met with loud pop music blaring from the DJ's speakers. At an Irish pub? Ok, we're in the 305, that's how we do so it was all good. After grabbing our beers from the bar, we meandered around a bit exploring the place. It was packed on a Saturday night and yuppies were everywhere having fun.We walked to another room that had open doors and overlooked S. Miami Ave. This room was playing indie rock and had a more laid-back vibe. There were tables everywhere and we quickly sat down. Our waiter was quick to introduce himself by name and was attentive. Since it was so packed, we shared our large table with a small group that just wanted to set their beers down and sit. It was cool being able to be indoors and yet feel the cool night air as we overlooked the city's skyline. The beers were typically priced for a place like this - 6-7 bucks for import draft.  This place is nice for a drink date or to come out as a group for good times. Probably my favorite place in Mary Brickell Village to grab a drink.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,1/20/2012,85,48,10,19,10>Do you ever have a day that you wish all your stress could be squished up in a little ball and thrown Jordan-style in the trash?! Canyon Ranch can do that! I love their attention to detail. One thing that made me feel great was right before the treatment you are taken to an area with a bowl of beautiful stones. You can pick a stone and use that as reflection of your stay. I still have mine and I still can say this was Awesome!I remember first coming here for a Yelp event, and Canyon Ranch stuck in my mind ever since then. It has such a relaxing feel even when you first pull up the driveway. So when I got the opportunity to get the full experience of Canyon Ranch with one of my nearest and dearest best friends for a spa day, it was everything I remembered and more. Two services you MUST try: The Aquavana Experience and the Mud Rooms. It will change your life!Ok so here it goes:The Aquavana Experience is like an aqua-themed lounge, It's perfectly equipped with custom steam rooms, saunas and themed "rain" rooms. Men and women are separate, and I liked this a lot. You change into your bathing suit, get your robe and it's like a kid in a candy store, err um, spa store!- my advice: stay in here as long as you can! They have thermal baths to melt your problems away. There's also an array of aroma rain shower rooms complete with different settings like monsoon or summer mist- they emit fragrance and specialized heat according to the setting as well as the water pressure..... AaaaaaaahhhhhhIf you dare, there's an ice room with fragrances like peppermint and eucalyptus , but don't worry, no Popsicle freezing- the water only sprays as a mist in this room (whew!) Ok another AaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhStay in the Aquavana area for at least an hour here.... At least! There's so much more to enjoy,because that was only the beginning! (but those were my favorites!)    one more Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh, and it only gets better :)When it's time for your treatment you head to a room where they serve you tea and fresh apples. By this time you have transformed to bliss- mode I kid you not! So my friend and I had the opportunity to do a Dead-Sea mud treatment. Make sure you go with someone that is comfortable in their own skin, because you do need to strip down for this one...Oh but it is life changing!!! No worries about strangers here...you get a private room and locked doors. You get 3 types of mud: One for the face, one for the body, and one for the hands and feet. Step 1: Get Naked, Step 2: Apply Mud Evenly, Step 3: Eat Apples and Drink Cucumber Infused Water. ;pLet the mud dry a little and then you step into the connecting Private Sauna Room. Sit on a towel and close your eyes...You sweat, you breathe in, you breathe out, you relax, you talk, you laugh, and your skin absorbs all that mineral rich mud...and I swear time freezes for a moment. Ok here's the cool part: 45 minutes later the showers from above automatically turn on and it's the most refreshing feeling ever! Smooth, baby soft skin never felt better!The service was impeccable, every detail made an impact on my friend and I, and we enjoyed every minute of our stay here. I cannot wait to return!I guess it's only fitting to end this review with another Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!Thank you so much for a wonderful time!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,1/19/2012,39,131,5,11,6>Good hair days for me are few and fair between.  Instead of waiting for the stars to align for my next good hair day, I'm going to Blo Midtown.  Service is fast and friendly, kind of like if your best friend was an expert stylist and came to your apartment to give you a long lasting blow dry.  There are many different styles to choose from the blo menu and I went with the boho blo which is beachy waves with a braid.  I'm a fan and will definitely have some future check-ins.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,1/18/2012,1381,665,13,12,12>Dearest Fish Box,I...  umm....  Well....  I love you.  There... I said it!!I have been to La Camaronera before, but had not had the pleasure of dining from your Food Truck.  However, I was so excited to hear that you were going to be down the street from my house at the Village of Palmetto Bay Food Truck Round up.  And now, I get to have this pleasure every 1st and 3rd Friday of each month.  HEAVEN.I guess next time I will force myself to try something different, but when I find something I like, I tend to stick with it.  LOL  So let me explain...La Minuta sandwich is phenomenal and hits the spot every time.  The fish is always fresh, the combo of tartar sauce, ketchup and onions is just heavenly, and the crispiness of the fried batter is just to die for.  We went with some friends who had never tried this, and let me just tell you, we made them believers as well.  The fried shrimp platter situation is also a plus.  Crisp, tender, delicious fried shrimp made to order.  Crispy goodness all around!!  And it's ready in 10 minutes or less.  Who can beat that?!  Simply amazing!  :)Thanks for the good eats!  Hope to catch you around town.  If not, we will definitely be at the next Village of Palmetto Bay roundup...Til the next time,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,1/17/2012,323,315,8,11,11>As much as I've loved Hakkasan in the past, a recent lunch during Miami Spice reminded me just how phenomenal it really is.  Love the dim, dark interior that manages to be seductive and beautiful, even in the daytime.  The dim sum lunch was fantastic, and course after course was brought till you thought you couldn't eat any more.  The dumplings were each little works of art and each plate was completely distinctive and unique in its flavors.  From little green purses filled with chives and shrimp to gorgeous star shaped dumplings, it was visually stunning, and packed with taste.  The larger plates too, which were meant to be eaten family style, were also fantastic.  The radish cubes tasted like ultra-tender potatoes and turned out to be a surprising hit.  Even the tofu dish was incredible, with just the right texture a sweet-soy type sauce that only enhanced the magic of the dish.  The ginger pot de cremes for dessert had a more subtle ginger taste than expected, but that didn't deter them from being any less amazing.  So creamy and mild it was the perfect end to an already spectacular meal.     Something else that should be noted, we had a friend who is a vegetarian, and so the Miami Spice menu for her pretty much meant limited things she could eat.  However, she was able to order a vegetarian dim sum platter off their a la carte menu, and she too was really happy.  Beautiful dumplings with creative choices like a pumpkin-y flavored option made for a great meal.Impeccable service and delicious food Hakkasan truly is one of Miami's best!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,1/15/2012,170,440,7,16,10>Wow TV can be deceiving.... We first saw this place on a food network tv episode which made this place look huge!  It is actually a whole in the wall!A whole in the wall GEM that is! This tiny ice cream shop is filled with big bold delicious flavors... Even thou you can find your usual ice cream parlor flavors such as chocolate and vanilla, there is nothing usual about this place!First of all the service - it was amazing!  As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a smile and a sample spoon in hand! Able to taste varies flavors (actually I believe I only skipped 1) without feeling guilty cause they actually encourage you to do so...  the party started!Flavors: Abuelita Maria - (hope i got name correct) - Consist of rich creamy Guava Ice Cream swirled with cream cheese and Maria cookies!  Yes, those delicious cookies our Mom used to give us as a treat!  This extra love raises an already delicious guava ice cream to another level! Making a party in your mouth!!Coconut - My favorite! Even thou it sounds like an easy flavor to do, I have had my share of really fake coconut flavor, usually added by too much artificial coconut flavoring... This was an explosion of delight!  My taste buds where jumping for joy at the contact with the creamy smooth texture filled with scrumptious flakes of real coconut!  Mantecado - also known as French Vanilla - this is a traditional Cuban flavor which was one of the most (and still is) popular on the island!  This buttery delicacy served here is one of the best I have ever had! Brings back alot of childhood memories!We had the opportunity to speak with the master creator of these delicious concoctions and owner of shop.  She was super nice and advised us of a little shop secret!  Next time you visit keep in mind that they only have a small area to display ice cream in, but that does not mean those are the only flavors available... Go ahead and ask what is in the back room! You may be surprised to find out there are even more delicious and unexpected yummies there!  As we did.She offered us a Whiskey Flavor one (sorry she did mention name but I was so overwhelmed with delight forgot the darn name!)  After you try this one, you will understand!  It was creamy delicious and full of bold whiskey flavor!  There was also a beer flavor available, but I am not a fan of beer, so gotta say I skipped this one....This tiny shop is big in service, flavors and atmosphere!  It is a must try for locals, visitors and even those who think they really do not like ice cream!!!  Can't wait to go back soon!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,1/14/2012,619,794,11,10,12>I came here this past Friday night for dinner with 2 others.  This was my first time at The Palace, though I'd heard a lot about it and am always seeing ads for this place.We met up here at 8, had a drink at the bar, and when we were ready to have a seat for dinner a few minutes later, there were 2 tables for 4 open on the sidewalk out in front of this place.  We snagged one, and a few moments later a very good looking and well-built bartender arrived with menus.The Palace's positioning slogan is "Every Queen Needs a Palace".  Their primary claim to fame is that if you come here for Dinner on Thursday-Saturday, or for Sunday Brunch, they feature a hostess in full drag on a microphone, and she introduces a number of drag queens who come out and perform on the sidewalk along Ocean Drive while the patrons dine, take part in the fun and cheer on/tip the performers.  According to their website, their drag shows take place on Thursdays from 6-9p, Fridays from 6-10p, and Saturdays from 6-7p.  Sunday brunch shows run from 11a-4p.On this Friday night they had 3 drag queens, each of whom performed twice during our time here.  Between their performances, the MC did a bit of entertaining, and it was very fun to watch the unsuspecting tourists who were walking up and down the sidewalk in front of this place, as they suddenly found themselves in the middle of a drag show.   Some smiled and had a laugh, others pretended to completely ignore what was going on around them, and one guy gave his wife a bit of a shove and motioned for her to move on as quickly as possible.They have an outdoor bar on the front patio, a larger bar and dance floor inside, and tables/chairs set up on the patio and on the sidewalk in front along Ocean Drive for dining. While The Palace does offer a steak, salmon and a few pasta dishes, their menu primarily features salads and sandwiches, wraps and burgers which come with your choice of fries or salad for an average of about $13.  I had the Palace Chicken wrap (grilled chicken, lettuce, cheese and ranch dressing) with fries, and my food was very good.Note that if you need to use the restroom here, you should prepare to get friendly.  In an effort to try and provide facilities for the amount of people who pack this place during t-dances and other events, the restroom I used was about 2/3 the size of my bathroom at home and had 4 urinals and a sink crammed into that small space with no privacy walls.In all, The Palace can be a lot of fun, especially if you're with a group.  If nothing else, they offer good food, the drag shows are free (we did tip them during each performance though they didn't push for them), and it's great for people watching, especially seeing people's expressions when they're simply walking past and suddenly realize what this place is and what's happening around them.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,4/21/2011,206,149,8,12,9>I had always wanted to try the Chocolate Fashion in the Gables, but just never got around to it.  Now that Chocolate Fashion opened in South Miami, I made sure to drop in for a bite on my lunch break.   Upon entering, the display of delicious dessert treats like truffles, tarts etc. literally jump out at you.  They look absolutely irresistible!!  I sat down at a table and placed my order for the special of the day, a turkey club on multigrain bread.  The sandwich was phenomenal!!!! I'm talking 1909 delicious... The sandwich comes with fresh delicious turkey, avocado, lettuce and tomato along with a side of salad.  The salad was SO GOOD, the dressing has a kick it's a dijon honey mustard I believe.   All around, a great find.  For dessert I ordered a mini key lime pie tart.  A-MAZ-ING!!! Literally left me wanting at least five more mini tarts!!!!!!!!!!Definitely check this place out.  Great stuff and super cute.  Good service too, the staff was friendly and attentive.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,4/20/2011,64,481,5,10,6>I really want to love this place as much as much as my fellow Yelpers but I can't help but think that the only reason this place is getting such rave reviews is because of the pathetic state of restaurants and food in South Florida. If this were in Brooklyn or Portland or the Bay Area or LA or.... it would maybe rate three stars. This place is a lot like the Buena Vista Bistro. A really good little neighborhood joint. There should be at lease two of these in downtown Coral Gables, four on the Beach, a couple downtown, Morningside, up and down US-1,etc. they should be all over the place. The food is good and solid but not great. I have had several dishes and none were disappointing. I will surely be coming back. What I would really like is to eat like this on a consistent basis any where I am in South Florida, good simple food served well for a reasonable price.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2010,4/19/2011,534,839,23,13,11>I love Ass.Pork butt, Oxtail and other animal ass.I'm pretty sure I was the only Gringa in the place when I walked in for lunch this Sat afternoon. This place is located catty-corner to MDCC's InterAmerican campus. I see the other reviews were dissapointed. Maybe they have more discerning tastebuds them me, I'm a Gringa. Or maybe I just ordered well.The oxtail is very good. The fried bananas were nice soft, how I like them. the beans and rice were a bit dry though. And the cuban bread was good. Of course, anything slathered in that much lard is going to be good.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,4/18/2011,420,662,14,17,15>I figured Happy's Stork was an appropriate choice for my 400th review, as we did enjoy a rather epic after-party here the other night.This place reminds me of Ms. Newby's - a Panama City Beach dive bar near and dear to my heart - so I immediately took to it. It's a liquor store and bar - the perfect combo, since every libation under the sun is just steps away for the bartenders.My +1 and I were the first to arrive (on the recommendation of a fellow Yelper) - and yes, it was a little uncomfortable walking into a place like this in our cute little outfits ... but the awkwardness quickly disappeared, and a whole hoard of fellow Yelpers soon joined. The jukebox was ours - we danced, we sang, we drank. The bartender was great, took excellent care of us and helped all the Yelpers feel at home. The place has CHARACTER, all the way around.So yeah, definitely an epic evening. Happy's Stork is my kinda dive. The one downside - smoking. As with any bar of this nature, your clothes, hair, purse, etc. become infested with secondhand smoke. But, still worth enduring for a good time at Happy's Stork.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,4/17/2011,1489,1675,13,17,14>Oh wait I see a gorgeous purple flashy shiny, new piece of metal giant truck what is this beautiful thing offering?  Purple People Eatery, and what a fab name.  I stroll over to look at their menu, this was only their second night out flashing their purple prettiness.They did not have any menu's printed but as soon as I walked up I saw taped to the window, "Tonight's Special Ropa Vieja Sandwich" $5.  Yay, yay, my first truck to hit up and it is something I really like.  And they have bottled water for only $1, where most other trucks charge $2.  The lady who took my order was very friendly.I stood off to the side and she called my name moments later, the wait time was good not like some other truck monsters.  Seriously, one truck we waited over 30 minutes, um crazy!  The sandwich was on a soft hamburger type bun filled with juicy, tender good flavored beef.  Each bite was better than the previous.  It is hard to eat and can get messy, good size, well actually small but very filling. So, yes this sandwich made me a fan it was very very good and tasty.  The only thing is I did not realize it came with cheddar cheese.  I love cheese but not necessarily on a ropa sandwich.  Next time I will tell them to hold the cheese then it would have been perfect in my eye's. Prices were reasonable as they should be. So enjoyed my sandwich and your beauty of a very nice looking truck.  I want a small little replica of your truck, it's that pretty. Rolling on, see ya soon!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,4/16/2011,144,73,7,7,7>This is by far the best place to come to for your alcoholic... I meant alcohol needs. I love that I can come here and stock up on some great tasty beers that aren't sold else where, amazing wines to share with friends, and great hard to find liquors as well.I seem to come here with the mind set that I am not going to go over 40 dollars this time in the craft beers section. Unfortunately that's never the case. I get out of control and want to buy everything I see there. Last time I asked for some help in choosing beer from one of the guys stocking the area and he didn't seem upset to take the time to guide me through some great selections of beer. I ended up getting two six-packs of great beer and I was under 20 dollars! I couldn't believe it. I seriously would love to take a trip down to this store weekly but I'm afraid they'll think of me as an alcoholic. Eek!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2010,4/15/2011,229,492,10,10,14>After the great debate over NAOE and all the amazing things I've heard about it, I've been not only craving sushi alot lately but also trying to venture out past South Miami to find better. And after Ramon C.'s suggestion and great review, we went here. It is unnoticeable and unappealing from the outside. But there is parking out back.Be prepared: it is a grocery store. What this means: you will either a) be excitedly shopping while you wait for you food and leave with twice the bill amount b) be a bit annoyed at the set-up of the place.What was cool:*the crazy cheap bill, holy cow this is CHEAP and FRESH sushi. i don't think i've ever seen cheaper. Like $5-$8 rolls, not $12-15 like some places. *the beautifully small handwritten menu - great for those indecisives like me, you know who you are ;)*the water bottle they give you to have as much water as you please*the secluded table we were given in the back, so private yet we were forgotten about*you pay at the register when you are leaving with all your groceries (we left with frozen shrimp gyoza and veggie croquettes - they even have frozen sushi-grade frozen salmon/tuna to make at home)*they are only open til 7pm so you gotta get here before rush hour traffic is over.*i can't stop thinking about the California Paradise Roll and the Combo plans and have already planned what I am getting my next visit.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,4/14/2011,304,163,3,14,4>Check your ego (and any preconceived notions of what a real workout is) at the door.Forget choreographed group classes set to house music. Forget high tech cardio machines that monitor your vitals. This workout is as elementary as you can get. Think pull ups, chin ups, mountain climbers. But inconceivably harder than when you did them in grade school. It's all about high intensity training. The coaches are friendly, open and not intimidating in the least bit. And you'll actually see people smiling and chatting before and after classes. No egos here. Just hard work. (Ladies, don't think that you'll get too bulky or that the excersizes are too hard core.There were a few other girls at my intro session, and we all kept up.)This place is ideal for anyone who has a competitive side. You won't want to give up mid-rep when the skinny kid next to you is flying through his rounds.There are free intro classes to give you a taste of the torture you're about to endure. My weakly arms can attest to that. Just google "crossfit before and after pictures" and you'll see why I'm going to sign up for a membership today.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,4/13/2011,124,104,7,10,10>I was at Sustain the second day after their official opening to celebrate the holidays with my Cheap Tuesday Night Dinner Club (no, this wasn't a Tuesday night and our meal did not fit the guidelines of being "cheap" but we splurged for the occasion).  The concept is based on the use of locally grown and sustainable ingredients. The decor was very interesting, an industrial style with a lot of metal sculpture and hardwoods, crafted into organic shapes.The menu consists of small plates, larger appetizers and salads, and main courses.  The restaurant hasn't received their liquor license yet, so we were able to bring wine (5 bottles!).  We sampled all four small plates, all which were very tasty.  The meatballs with mushroom and cheese were the standout for me...small but rich with savory, earthy mushroom sauce and creamy cheese.  Perfect size to taste but not fill you up.  I wanted to sample the menu, so I ordered the "50 mile" salad, squash soup, and spinach and chile pizza.  The salad was very simple, a mixture of fresh herbs and greens, avocado, beet, pickled onion, and a soft local cheese.  The simpleness highlighted the quality and complex flavors of all the components.  The squash soup was very flavorful, both sweet and savory and was topped with spicy peanuts, which added to the richness of the soup.  The pizza was good, but a little bit spicy for my taste, the heat from the chiles drowned out the spinach, ricotta, and garlic flavors a bit.The rest of my group sampled the menu as well, the burger was a hit, as were the fries with bone marrow.  The fried chicken was tender, crispy, and juicy, but the macaroni and cheese side was only OK.  We sampled the desserts which were also good, my favorite being the chocolate and bourbon pecan pie with hazelnut ice cream.  Very tasty with a rich, shortbread style crust.Service was very helpful and friendly but the kitchen seemed a tad slow.  As it was the second day open, I imagine those minor kinks will be worked out.  I will gladly be back to Sustain to try more of the menu, and its a great addition to the Midtown Miami area.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,4/12/2011,202,134,5,10,10>I had this place bookmarked for months and I finally got around to going when Groupon had a special on them. I loved it so much I've been back a few times for lunch. The place is quaint, with seating both inside and out. You walk in and you have the wonderful aroma of all these exquisite, exotic cheeses. They have it nicely sorted and categorized so you can navigate your way around. There is always someone by the cheese section that can assist you with what you are looking for. I also loved the fact they have all these wonderful chutneys, jams, and other concoctions you can buy by the jar. They usually have some free samples of either cheeses or sauces/jams you can try which is nice.Now onto the food. I've only had their sandwiches but I must say they're amazing!!! After reading several reviews, I noticed many people raved about the grilled chicken sandwich so that's what I ordered & I'm sure glad I did. You have your choice or white or wheat baguette (I order the wheat and it is wonderful), with grilled chicken, pesto, fontina cheese & other yummy stuff I don't remember because I was so enraptured eating I didn't stop to look at what else was there. It is served warm which melts the cheese and warms the chicken and what you have is one darn good sandwich! The bread isn't too thick or hard which is nice because it doesn't take away from the sandwich. It doesn't hurt the roof of your mouth biting into it which is always a sign of good bread! You can get a side of salad for $4.95 if you'd like, which I did, and it was enough for me and my husband to share. They also have amazing quiches and salads- so there's definitely an array to choose from- and all have amazing combinations so its not just a plain ol' salad. I'm definitely keeping this place as one of my regular spots- it's been consistent with providing great food & service, and at a price that's perfectly affordable.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,3/8/2011,566,440,8,22,8>Want to make someone feel like a million without spending a million, bring them to Scarpetta! A surprise dinner from my girls included me getting dressed without knowing where we were off to and as we pulled up to the gorgeous Fountainbleu my jaw dropped! We took a nice half booth outside, no regrets here the outside patio was well lit, cozy and not unbearably hot. I munched on their bread served with 3 nice spreads as I looked over the wine menu. I'll be honest, I know nothing of Italian wines so I told the waiter what flavors I liked and he picked out the perfect glass of red wine for me. It went with everything we ordered! Onto the menu, simple, freshly prepared pastas, all types of meat and fish and that feeling you get when you want to order one of everything! Since we couldn't order everything we went with two appetizers to start, the polenta and mushroom fricassee appetizer along with the short rib over orzo appetizer. I knew polenta and truffle oil would be decadent, but I never imagined the marriage of flavors would be that good, I wanted to buy a gallon of it and take it home with me. The short ribs were perfection, not soggy, but fork tender and the cheese and orzo added a special taste to a familiar favorite. We followed our entree rule, when ordering entrees no one can order the same thing, this way it takes care of that wanting to order everything feeling. Four diners, four entrees. I had the agnolotti dal plin, a tortellini type pasta filled with a meat paste and cheese, quite tasty. My dining mates ordered, Spaghetti in tomato & basil simple yet well prepared. Scialatelli which I didn't try and Black Tagliolini which had fresh delicious pieces of squid in it, I almost ordered that and glad my friend did so I could taste it. We ate almost in silence from how good all the food was. We munched away, talked, drank our wine and just barely noticed our waiters, yes there were several of them, all night they zoomed by the table making sure we were doing well. They did this so seamlessly it deserves being mentioned. Despite not needing to we decided to order not one, but two desserts! The first was an almond chocolate cake served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. WOW!! The warm cake was dense like a flourless and had the right amount of decadent chocolate in it, not repugnant but really chocolaty. The second dessert was chocolate (yes, more chocolate) Zeppoles with a mascarpone dipping sauce. They were described by one of my friends as an Italian version of a Thai Donut. All I know is that I could eat about a dozen of those things, they were lightly dusted with toasted hazelnut and made me want a glass of milk real bad! They were the perfect end to an awesome meal! Let me just say It's not one thing that makes a restaurant five star worthy. For me, it's a combination of all aspects, leaving the place feeling I got precisely what I paid for and came for, being fed well and served well. This is what my Scarpetta experience accomplished, it covered all bases perfectly without making me beg. I say for a couple bucks more than Romano's, Scarpetta delivers something delicious and special, it's worthy of your time and dollars. As a local though, I suggest steering clear during high tourist time.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,3/7/2011,156,83,7,9,7>My favorite person in the world (Gina H.) brought me here after the Yelp Dysfunctional Family Picnic on Saturday. I'm moving right across the street so she wanted to show me what she calls 'the best Pizza place in the area'. I thought, well, CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.Yet again, I was bested. This place was spectacular. Nice cube design with plenty of outdoor seating in a very warm, comfortable environment. Nice blend of younger and older people sitting around ordering some of the best pizza Miami has to offer. After reading Gina's review, I understand why her mind was just overtaken by Andiamo- it's doing the same to me.They bake the pizza in one of those old school brick ovens. All fresh (no, REALLY fresh) ingredients, with a taste/texture that is just TO.DIE.FOR.I can foresee myself becoming a fat blob soon after moving so close to such an awesome place. Oh well!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,3/6/2011,140,119,5,21,10>The Comedy Inn is located in the Quailty Inn by The Falls Mall. $25 gets you enterance to the show and open bar all night.The room is fairly large with a bowl of chex mix on each table. The open bar was good, didn't have any of that cheap house liquor. They even had Ying Ling beer. I saw they had Mailbu as well, but couldn't see that much else because it was a little dark. The crowd is a bit on the older side but for great comedy I didn't mind.The comedians were really funny. A guy even came out imitating Chris Angel and that shit was great. The host is great and the owner is very humble as he comes out in the begining of the show to introduce himself. During the middle of the show the bartenders start giving out shots to everyone. At the end  of the show Papa John's pizza was waiting outside for everyone. Come early so you can get a seat. Show starts at 9:00, I was there at like 9:15 and it was fairly packed already. Comedy Inn is a good place to go on a Friday night when you're in the mood for a good laugh and tired of the bar /nightclub scene.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,3/5/2011,330,118,16,13,15>Foodgasms are awesome. Care to have one? try the fried cheeseburger dumplings from American Noodle Bar and let the party in your mouth begin...oh yeah...giggidy!Seriously, this place is so small and the concept is simple yet it works. Everything on the menu is less than $10 and yummy. I had a bowl of noodles with roasted shallot broth and shrimp and it was tasty! the broth was not overpowering and with a bit of sriracha sauce it gave it an added kick. I also have tried their chicken wings and french fries and both were equally satisfying.Some complain of the fact the American NB is located inside a motel, but I don't mind. It's not everyday you get to eat and have the opportunity to go to motel after. Who knows, perhaps after one foodgasm you want to keep the party going...if that's your kind of thing, I don't know. Whatever. So if you're in the neighborhood and looking for something simple and cheap, or in need of a good foodgasm,  I definitely recommend stopping by American Noodle Bar!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2011,3/4/2011,341,375,11,16,15>wowThis place can be a lot of fun but you have to go in expecting the bar scene from the original Star Wars    The people watching is top notch      If you like the website People of WalMart, you will love it here     My favorite part is watching the doggies race but they are over in like 21 seconds and then you have to wait a half hour for the next oneThey also have been adding some pretty interesting concerts    Here is the upcoming schedule      Maybe a UYE is in orderMARCH 12 @ 8PMGIN BLOSSOMS & SUGAR RAYMARCH 19, APRIL 9, APRIL 29 @10:30 &MidnightCHIRINO SISTERSMARCH 26 @ 10PM An Intimate evening with TAYLOR DAYNEAPRIL 3 @ 4PMAMERICA & DAVE MASONAPRIL 17 @ 4PMTHE VILLAGE PEOPLE & THE SPINNERSThey also have Badia Friday Night Fights, Live Boxing on April 8th and May 6th      Check out their calendar for all their interesting promotionCome here with a modest budget, learn to play some of the games and how to gamble and for the equivalent price of dinner and a movie you can have a great time doing something a bit different         You never know, you might actually go home with more than you came with and some funny stories to tell your friends
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,3/3/2011,268,629,7,7,7>ive been fortunate enough to go to oceanaire several times, with parents. lucky for me, bc it is very expensive.the menu is impressive, it is printed daily. with check marks next to each fish that was brought in fresh that morning. most of the fish ive never even heard of. the portions are huge, especially the sides. the vinegar fries are awesome and addictive. while the risotto is just blah. ive had the crab cakes, shrimp, and seabass and all have been wonderful.last time i was there we ordered the seafood started platter. a huge and i mean huge platter with shaved ice and oysters, mussels, crab, lobster, jumbo shrimp, etc. all over. its really steep at 70 for the small but sooo delicious with 4 dipping sauces.it was packed on a recent friday night. and i mean packed. we almost lost our 830 reservation for running late. that was unexpected bc the other times ive been ive always wondered if they would survive, bc it was always kinda empty. well they seemed to have their act together. ps - the bread pudding dessert is divine!!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,3/1/2011,141,170,7,6,5>This place is really really yummy! I ordered steak frites. It was like $13 or $14 but damn did I get what I paid (er, my parents paid) for! I got these really yummy potatoes with a perfectly cooked steak and a HUGE salad! I was STUFFED!My mom got the mofongo... I don't know if I like mofongo in general but I thought their's what pretty good. My dad ordered cuban pork with beans and rice and the beans were some of the beans I've ever had! Very tasty! For desert the fam shared a coco flan and a guayava cheesecake... we practically licked the plates! The server was VERY nice and although the place is small, it was a nice homey atmosphere. I'll definitely be back to try some other tasty items from the menu! :)
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,2/28/2011,473,460,7,11,10>I came here not that long ago with a friend of mine...he was telling me that he loved the place and that I had to try it. It's in the Miller Square shopping center right next to the Bally's gym. It's a very simple place with basic tables and chairs, a condiment station and a counter to order your food. I had Chicharron de Pescado which was outstanding. The fish was fresh and crispy on the outside while being perfectly cooked and soft on the inside. The portion size was huge and it came with Yuca and a dipping sauce. I was very pleased with my experience, it was a no nonsense good meal. I will definitely go back here the next time I am in the area.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,2/27/2011,108,209,3,6,6>I was warned to be careful what I order, some things just aren't all that at this place.  Well, I suppose going with someone who has been before may have helped the cause, because my experience here made me want to go back again.The space, though very cool, is a little overwhelming.  You're not really sure what to look at since everything is so bright and trying to grab your attention, I suppose that was the intention.  It was pretty slow, and we wanted to sit outside, so we were told it would take a few minutes to clear a table.  I figured this was because everyone was sitting outside, but no. It wasn't.  I'm not really sure what that was about, either way, we were seated before we could even order a drink at the bar.The outside area is pretty, even though it kind of reminds me of the outside area at a cafeteria of an office building.  Just kind of a weird vibe, but the murals are a nice touch.  There's a large grassy area where, apparently, it's ok to let your children run rampant, as one customer seemed to think.  I'm just glad they grabbed the little devil before he could turn the hose on.  I suppose eating out presents these types of hazards, you know, getting doused with water or smacked in the face with a remote control helicopter.Food and service were both very good.  They actually have a large number of vegetarian options for a restaurant that, at first glance, seems to be very meat oriented.  We started out with fried Artichoke app, which was delicious and I would come back just for 5 orders of this and some drinks.  Drinks: They have a very inventive drink menu, but I'm not sure if they actually put alcohol in it, because we both had more than one and weren't feeling a thing.  I had the Aiko and they were very tasty (Plum Wine, Ginger Beer, Lime, Fresh Ginger).  The NUNCA (Sake Caipirinha, Strawberries) was also ordered.  They seem to put a lot of sweet syrups in their sweet drinks.On to the Main's: Turkey and Veggie burgers were ordered, Salad was subbed for the fries.  The veggie burger was surprisingly good, quinoa and sauteed veggies deep fried to a crisp.  It held together pretty well, although charging me $2 for 3 blue cheese crumbles probably wasn't the best idea they had.  The side salad was a little more than standard - good greens, radishes, some other veggies that seem unremarkable.  It also came with a little scoop of some kind of slaw, which had a bit of an off putting fragrance to it when you first put it in your moth, but ends up tasting ok.  The turkey burger was reportedly well seasoned and delicious.Our glasses were always full and our food arrived fast and fresh.  I'd go back to see if I had the same experience, and might make it a usual if it lives up to it.  The prices are very reasonable as well, except for the $2 blue cheese ;)
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,2/26/2011,39,17,11,15,10>I had heard very good things about Delicious Bites from both Gina and Mike, so I knew it was going to be sooner or later that I too would make the short little jaunt from office to restaurant.Today was that day.  The craving set in yesterday evening, and when someone showed me the menu this morning I knew it was a sign that I must make the journey.  So I grabbed Gina and Mike, and a few others and we made our way over.Prior to my visit, I had heard many great things about their Argentinian Empanadas, so my main goal on my first; and not my last, visit was to try these delectable treats (@ $1.50 each).  So I strolled up to the counter and ordered four; one of each (ham and cheese, spinach, meat and chicken).  Once they were brought out to me, the only question on my mind was which one to eat first.  Pot luck brought ham and cheese my way, the dough was so fresh and just delicious, and I noticed I did not have any ham and cheese yet...the next bite brought that lovely ham and cheese and that mixed with the freshly made doughy pocket made my mouth sing with praise.  Next up was the spinach, and it totally surprised me.  It was soooo good.  Some corn, red pepper, and fresh spinach or escarole...tasted more like escarole.  WOW!!! My taste buds are dancing with delight.  Chicken came my way next and with its hint of spice and little bit of egg was definitely making my mouth even more happy.  Finally, came the meat one, and it too made my mouth do back flips; if that is even possible.When my plate was empty I was very sad, and very tempted to order more, but I did not want to overdo it on my first visit.  I heard the hype and I am here to say the hype is believable.  Delicious Bites Empanadas are to die for and have permanently been logged into my taste bud memory banks.  If I had to rank them, I would have to say that the spinach one was my favorite due to it's full flavor and sheer surprise to my palate.  Next would be the chicken, then meat, and finally the ham and cheese.I look forward to returning to Delicious Bites soon to try out many more of their menu items, and having a few Empanadas as well. Plus, the price is right and worth the drive.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,3/28/2009,147,180,14,11,10>Would you believe me if I told you I ate Here Comes the Sun every day (except for Sundays and holidays bc they are closed) for three years? Well, I did. Every single day. If you don't believe me, ask the owner, Kenny, or his adorable grandma. It got to the point where I didn't even have to tell them who I was or what I wanted. I would just call and say, "hungry," and my order of steamed rice with soy cheese and sun sauce was on its way. When I say rice and cheese, I mean a troff of steamed brown rice with soy cheese baked in an oven to crispy crunchy golden brown perfection. My ability to consume the dinner-sized portion of this in one sitting left most of my friends in awe. So what is it about HCTS that kept me coming back for years? Wait, there's more to it than that. When I lived on the Beach, I  would actually call to put my order in at 10 a.m. so that I could get it during the Beach drop off around 2. Yeah, I would wait four hours for this stuff. And most of the time I had to wait another 20 minutes to heat it up again. But I didn't mind one bit. And it was all because of the Sun Sauce. No one knows what's in it for sure, maybe some cumin or tarragon, maybe some tofu, some apple cider vinegar, magic powder that addicts you upon first taste. All I know is that if the show "Intervention" had a special on Sun Sauce addicts, I would surely be on it. After just one taste you're hooked. Three years later, I'm still a sauce-er. And you cannot make me go to rehab--no, no, no.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2009,3/27/2009,126,91,7,7,7>My friends and I decided to eat at this place based on Yelp. We weren't disappointed. It had been a while since I had good lasagna so I was in the mood for some when I came here. Surprisingly, it's not on the menu but they DO have it and it was extra good. The lasagna was a good size portion for $14.95. Service was incredibly well. We did wait a bit long for the food but they kept giving us good bread at the table so we were chilling for the most part. Apparently the fettuccine Alfredo is really good but I didn't have anyway. Some cappuccino as post meal drink was a cool $3.50. I highly recommend eating here to save yourself from the mundane food at the food court and the stupidly long wait at the cheesecake factory nearby.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/19/2008,3/26/2009,723,1088,6,11,9>This place has an identity crisis - It is a bowling alley with a million other things going on around you - I am purist, my previous life as a "bowler" required concentration and focus- How can I possibly focus on the pins when I have giant screens above with 3 different games and a news ticker going on ? I am a pretty good multi tasker - I can, yelp while I work and talk on the phone at the same time... and I chew gum as well - but man !!!! this is a stretch for my mind !However, if you take this place for what it is: A restaurant/bowling alley/ Sports bar/night club/ everything else ... and you can spend a few hours in here without having seizures - then it is a lot of fun !!!So... the chicken wings are good, the nachos are abundant, the cheeseburgers are ... cheeseburgers, the beers are cold and the waitstaff is pleasant We have had some pretty good times here, but that is because of the many beers we were consuming - so I am not sure what to make of it - I will probably keep coming back to have a few drinks and celebrate birthdays - and I am sure I will have fun - So I guess, it is OK
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,3/25/2009,162,138,6,14,9>I've been going to European Wax Center since 2004. The service is consistently great with aestheticians that are knowledgeable about proper hair removal. There have been two occasions when I was less than thrilled with my wax and they offered to redo it for free. If you're a Florida Resident your first wax is free and you get a discount on their memberships.They also have a great online scheduling tool where you can see what time slots are available and make an appointment that's convenient for you. You also get points for using the online scheduling tool which is a great perk. After you accumulate enough points you can use them for services. They also have a great referral program. If you refer a new client they take $5 off your next service. They have several locations in South Florida so you're not tied to one location.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,3/24/2009,106,279,7,9,10>Had a dinner date w/Em on Friday and as most of our dinner dates go, it was great. I love Doraku, and although I'm giving it one star less this time, it's for the quantity of food, not the service or ambiance. This place is great, especially if you're on a date. I love the dividers between their booths, the lighting is dark and the music lively. As the night goes on the music gets louder, but so do the patrons. It's all a fun environment. Our waiter on Friday was Rick. He was super attentive and really nice. Took care of everything we needed and provided some great sushi suggestions. We'll try the beef one next time for sure. Rick recommended the cucumber-lime martini; I love the cucumber martini at The News and was hoping this one was good too; it was good but not as good - however I do recommend you try it, especially if you like a strong martini. My disappointment comes in the sushi portion. Usually I'm fine with one sushi (volcano or dynamite) as the extra seafood on top is enough to fill me up. I ordered the volcano this time, but it was only 6 skinny pieces and came with such little tiny bits of scallops, that I had to place an order for another dish as well. We ordered a spider roll as the extra roll, but it wasn't rolled tight enough, and it was so big I couldn't fit it all in my mouth. I don't like those huge rolls. I like to enjoy my food, not have to swallow it whole to make room in my mouth. It was also so big, that it didn't fit in the soy sauce bowl - go figure. My husband loved both his philly roll and the god of fire (i think); and he ate most of the spider roll too. For dessert we had the banana tempura - which i LOVE. Again, everything was great, except I'm making a list of the rolls I'm not loving. I do love this place though... don't know what it is.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,3/23/2009,41,32,1,14,9>I love kayaking out here. It's beautiful, and stress relieving. Kayaking out to the smaller surrounding islands is a nice workout, with a great pay-off.If you could, I suggest heading out here on weekdays. It gets pretty busy on weekend, regardless of how early or late you're in and that takes away from the whole "getting away" experience. Also, weekdays are great for treasure hunting ;) Oleta offers bike and hiking trails too, but kayaking is def. the best of all.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2008,3/22/2009,2,30,4,6,5>One of the best things about living in Miami is our access to a virtual open tap of the best cafe con leche this side of Havana. So the fact that Enriqueta's brews some of the best anywhere is saying a lot!  A cup of hot steaming milk is served alongside another cup of  pure, dark, strong, cafe Cubano, so you can adjust the proportions to your own taste (including sugar), and even make it stronger as you go. Careful though, if you get it to go. Unless you want it super sweet, ask for "poco azucar" (a little sugar) or "sin azucar" (without sugar).The tasty, satisfying breakfasts and lunches are a bonus, as is the totally unpretentious atmosphere. They'll serve you quickly enough, but it can be hard to get the check during peak hours. Nothing egregious thought, and besides, the servers are sweet and the whole place is so great, that it's not annoying.Whoever said it's our Cuban Katz's Deli--right on!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,3/21/2009,352,828,3,9,5>This park has public clay tennis courts, two full court outdoor basketball courts, racquet ball courts, a pool and a dog park. The basketball courts are lighted and usually open until late afternoon and the evenings. It's more or less a SOBE scene with the West courts unofifically reserved for a full court game and you'll need to assert yourself to get into that game. The two East courts usually have unofficial 3 on 3 games and again, you'll need to assert yourself to get the next game. You can reserve a tennis court by calling or try dropping in, but on weeknights and weekends you should reserve a court. There are also tennis lessons. Don't be surprised if they limit your play to an hour only, even if it is busy. It's a SOBE thing. I've played on a company COED softball league on the baseball field. The league we were in was very competitive league but was well organized. The baseball fields are lighted. There is public parking in the main lot near the swimming pool and tennis courts. There is also street parking on the East and West sides of the park.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,3/20/2009,43,67,5,9,9>Not much to say except to agree with everything that has been written -- Michelle has done it again and created something truly special in the DD. Michy's WAS our favorite spot in town, but Sra. Martinez now eclipses it because of its focus on tapas with an incredible collection of things to try.Real standouts for our table were the crispy artichokes, shrimp tiradito, the cheese plate (manchego, valderon, and murcia al vino), pork belly, white bean stew, razor clams, fish cheeks, uni sandwich, and the greek yogurt "ice cream" (wonderful spin off of caprese). We tried and liked many other plates, but these were a level above. The foie and the short ribs (probably the most incredible thing on the Michy's menu along with her sweetbreads), were cut so thin for the preparation at Sra. Martinez that I think the dishes lost a bit.But the amazing thing for me is that this restaurant is about 23 seconds new and already humming very smoothly with good service and almost no "new restaurant" sort of awkwardness. Their service even during Basel was lauded, and it really shows that Michelle and her husband (who greeted us during our trip, and who seem to be rightfully very excited about taking over the historic bank building) have a great crew and focused idea of what they want from their restaurant experiences.We were told that the wine list is going to be significantly expanded very soon, but there were several interesting choices already (and Michy's had a small list too... same sommelier). Personally I'd like to see some additional lighting elements in the space, because it feels a bit dark, or at least could use a bold bit of color of drama to tie the space together right there in the middle. We'll certainly be back again and again.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,3/19/2009,196,289,11,12,10>I just purchased my second pair of glasses from See.  On a whim last year, I walked in to take a look.  My laser eye surgery didn't fully correct my vision, but now that I don't need bottle-glass thick lenses anymore, fashionable lenses are actually an option for me!See obtains their frames from European makers and claims to offer innovative styles without the European price tag.  I just think they have cool funky frames and I appreciate that price tag includes the lenses.  However, the price tag does not include the "extras" like anti-reflective, scratch resistant coating etc.  That will run you an additional $100.The on-site Dr. offers late appointments and is available on the weekends.  The Dr. I saw was great and I believe gave me the most accurate Rx ever.  My second pair took about two days -- a lot quicker turnaround time than last year's pair.  That's because See now has an in-house lab and can do some prescriptions in 20 minutes (if it's not busy).  As Siobhan V. mentioned, all the sales people are friendly, attentive and helpful.  This is my go-to place when I want a new look -- especially when I can do it using my flex-spending/health savings account!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2009,6/5/2010,315,122,5,7,5>The Bath Club on Miami Beach (59th St. and Collins Ave.) has long been a private, membership-only establishment with its' own intimate, members-only restaurant. But starting November 1st, the fully restored 1920s Mediterranean-style clubhouse restaurant is open to the public. It will be known as The Cape Cod Room, operated by Ken Lyon, longtime caterer now best known as owner of Fratelli Lyon.Upon the recommendation of friends, we went this Saturday and love the place.  Amazing seafood and the place is really pretty.  Started out with shrimp cocktail, heirloom tomatotes, and clam chowder.  Entres of Lobster mac-n-cheese and a seafood stew that was incredible.  Really nice inexpensive wines for the time being but full bar.  Place needs to liven up a bit including music, but it was a good first run and can only expect better things to come.  p.s. the service was much better than Ken Lyon's italian restaurant in the design district.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,6/4/2010,133,114,7,9,8>It's great to see that Pembroke Gardens has really taken off. Part of me wishes it had a strong anchor, like a movie theater, or better yet, an indie or Sundance theater. However, the few fun bar/restaurants help to do the trick. The Pub is my favorite of them at Pembroke Gardens.Let's get the dirty stuff out of the way from the beginning. The food is nothing to write home about. It's pretty standard and a bit heavy. If we were chugging a Guinness in Wexford on a cold winter's night, the myriad of tan fried foods would be perfect. However, there's no simulating that here. Two of my besties and I frequent the Pub to have a few beers and to catch up on gossip. I never eat anything unless I'm completely desperate. (besides, Lime Mexican grill is just a short walk to the left!) IF you are going to have a snack with your beers, go for the curry chips.Now that I've completely pooped on their food parade, let's sing some praise. The beer selection and quality/temperature of their taps are just outstanding. Have a few pints of Guinness. There's that old wives tale that a Guinness is like having a meal. Well, this is a good thing for me since I don't like the food at the Pub! The blue ribbon winner for me, though, is the Boddingtons on tap. If beer came with coolwhip on top, it would be the Boddingtons at The Pub. I spent a month in Ireland last year, though, and learned from a Guinness technician (oh yes, they travel the country in Guinness vans, maintaining standards) that a pint of skim milk or OJ have more calories and sugar than a pint of the big G. SO, go ahead and guzzle, fatty, you know you wanna!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,6/3/2010,471,255,23,21,14>Woo!! saved by La Milagrosa! I totally pulled a "Can't buy me love" move this weekend and decided that it'd be hot to "borrow" my mother's pink suede boots because they'd look so good with my hipster outfit. After doing this, I proceeded to party and dance the night away at Vagabond (not the best place to frolic  with delicate shoe-wear) til 5 in the morning. Needless to say, when I woke up the next morning and looked at the floor, the situation was NOT looking pretty. The story gets better...One of the boots' heel had broken and the sides had worn out and stained black (I take my dancing seriously). Since my brother is a shoe aficionado, I stealthily borrowed his suede cleaner and brush and went to work... to no avail. All of a sudden my mom calls me downstairs because she wants to show me a shirt she bought for an event she had coming up (I'm not making this up I swear.) Lo and behold, the shirt is the same shade of pink and "It's going to go great with my boots!" (not unless we decide to throw in some random stains with a black ink pen... fml)I had two days before she noticed so of course I quickly turned to Yelp for the solution. After doing some research I found the reviews of La Milgrosa and quickly and stealthily got myself over there 5 minutes before they closed shop. I met Diego, the owner and I told him my situation. He was frank and honest; they'd be able to fix the heel but he didn't know about the stains because the shade of pink was so rare. He'd put some shampoo on it and see what he could do. $20 bucks and it'll be ready on Wednesday... uh NO, cant do, she has the event on Tuesday night! He smiled and told me he'd try *crosses fingers* I liked them a lot even though they're Argentinians and inevitably Messi fans....yes, we also took a minute to discuss soccer (...I'm Spanish remember?). I liked them even better when I got a call Monday morning telling me that the boots were ready...SCORE!!  I sped down Coral Way, anxious to see the results and when he handed me the boots....I FELL IN LOVE!, you could hardly tell the boots had ever been worn!!! and for $20 bucks?! I didn't even have to date a nerd! (movie reference, if you haven't seen "Can't buy me love", please ignore) Now this is what I call service...well deserved 4.5! Thank you Yelp, you save my neck once again.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,6/2/2010,126,56,8,9,9>Oh Buck. So many nights nearly forgotten thanks to you. Only nearly forgotten, because you are simply unforgettable. Buck has GOT to be the most unpretentious place anywhere near South Beach or the Lincoln Road area. The entrance is hidden, as it should stay. Located practically in an alley behind Miss Yip's cafe, the only sign for the bar are the 6 home depot-esque stickers on the inside of the door. The bouncer out front has always been nice, and unwavering all of the dozen or so times Ive gone.You enter into a a stairwell as if getting off the subway into Queens. Graffitti tagged artistically and with quite the talent (nipples even!). Then you walk in. This is no fancy shmantzy place. It's a place hidden off the beaten path. There was a recent time where the walls were adorned with painted shoes. Then painted skateboard decks, and now canvases displaying local. raw. talent. The drinks are great and relatively inexpensive. Note: ask for a "Buck-Bomb" They are delicious and taste like rootbeer!And don't get me started with the music.  Not everyone can fuse the Ramones into Outkast so fluidly. Saturdays are fun, but my favorites are Tuesday nights. Nearly empty, but it becomes almost like a lounge with awesome old-school hip-hop tracks, and those hardcore breakers, dancing for themselves. Buck is going to make you realize what good vibes really are about on SoBe.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,6/1/2010,110,113,5,6,4>Off The Grille should be renamed Off The Chain!For quite some time now one of my younger brothers had been telling me about this treasure (because really this find is nothing but a true gem).  I am hardly in the Kendall area but drive out here every now and then for my neice and/or nephews football, baseball, cheerleading, dance, you name it they do it shannanigans.  We, older brother, sister-n-law, mom, grandmother, neice, nephew, and I collectively decided to have lunch here one saturday afternoon after one of the baseball games.  Holy cow!  That's all I can say oh and this place is off the chain. They serve the food in wraps or as an entree on a plate with rice or chips.  Homeade banana chips.  Off the chain!  Now I will explain to you why I named everyone present because I will name all the selections ordered:shrimp curry wrap pesto shrimp wrapchicken cordon bleu wrapfish special wrapshrimp curry plate with yuca bites chicken and cheese wrap (off the children's menu)steak platter (off the children's menu)Can you believe that everything, yes everything, was not great but fantastic!  We all sampled each others food and shared.  The wraps are not like average wraps you find anywhere, they are best of it's category.  So effin tastey!!!  Every bite bursted with flavor.  Even the kids loved their food.  The banan chips and yuca fritta bites are to die for.  I honestly feel that everytime I drive to kendall I will eat here.  No doubt!  This place is off the chain!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,5/31/2010,365,232,1,8,3>I love Rivals for three reasons: 1. You can get there by boat.  Easy, convenient dock space is free for customers.  2. The Kobe beef sliders are out of this world.  I'm trying to become a vegetarian, but I cannot resist them. They come with fries tossed in truffle oil which are sinfully delicious. 3. There's something for everybody.  My husband can watch the game(s) on their numerous TVs, and for me, there's a beautiful view of the IC Waterway.  Rivals is much cleaner and prettier than your average sports bar.  The prices are a bit inflated, but other than that, Rivals is a real winner.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,5/30/2010,85,48,5,9,9>My first impression of the restaurant: This was definitely a place for personal dinners, take your time, sip your wine and enjoy your company....Like a breath of fresh air from all the trendy, flashy uptight restaurants. This brings that HOME-feel, and I love it!And I constantly crave anything Greek, Mediterranean, Turkish, etc...so this is going to be a favorite place for me, and as I write this review I'm already thinking of when I'll be going again!!!! I love Lamb!They also had a great array of seafood on the menu, which I will try on my next round.It's best suited for small groups, the patio is romantic with gas lanterns on the tables and hanging from the trees, light music (Yeah, I'm a sap for that stuff, all romantic and cozy...OK sorry sorry, continuing the review)My party and I tried the squid, nice and light, and came with a cream sauce which was a good twist. Of course we indulged in wine as well (wine is for all occasions!)  Entree: I ate the pulled lamb with a dill and olive oil salad....Yum Yum to my Lamb Lovin' Tum!Can I tell you, when you eat something and just pause, you know it's delicious!  It was simple, flavorful and enjoyable. I'm sure it would have been great with some tzaziki sauce as well, but the fact that I didn't ask for any meant I didn't really need it and maybe it was better that way!On my fav list!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,5/29/2010,73,61,7,6,4>Grace Jimenez is probably the best thing that has ever happened to me. She saved me from the endless toil of shaving and the horror of razor bumps, leaving me flawless and smooth. And by "me" I mean "my vagina". Bikini waxing was a process I avoided for years because every time I would "give it another shot" I would end up screaming in pain and too traumatized to go back. Not the case with Ms. Grace. Our heart-to-hearts distract from the painful spots and before I know it, I'm freshly powdered and picture perfect. Grace doesn't sacrifice comfort, speed or attention to detail. Her prices are extremely reasonable for the quality of work she does and her convenient location means you have absolutely no reason not to get your ass over there immediately. GO!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,5/28/2010,73,158,5,9,8>First off...50% off! we had made reservations for the night that was supposed to be their opening day, they didnt get their licenses in time so they told us if we came in that weekend they would give us 50% off our check, which they did without us even having to remind them.Guacamole (verde) - really good. i am usually very tough on restaurant guacamole and i love theirs. ive tried a few of their versions and while this one is still my fave they have all been good.Habanero remoulade - nice and spicy, very good.Queso fundido (reg) - what can i say, melted cheese...its delicious.Borracha (salsa) eh, would never have again bland and expensiveElote - obsession worthy. a big corn on the cob with yummy cheese all over and a nice cream sauceRajas c/crema - roasted poblanos with a yummy creamy sauce. i could honestly just eat a whole plate of this...unfortunately for me, i actually do care about my waist lineCamaron tacos - okPollo barbacoa - okTilapia taco - delicious, probably the best of the tacos ive triedAl pastor - ok, not the best pastor ive had but def very goodChorizo taco - really goodBacon taco - amazing.Vanilla bean flan - wouldnt order again. overall, desserts are very weak in this restaurant. i really think this place would do well with ordering desserts from somewhere instead of continuing to try to make them...the service is really outstanding here WHEN yoshua (sp?) is your waiter. if you can, request him, he is adorable and is very excited and knowledgeable about the menu
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,5/27/2010,286,311,6,6,7>Pura vida is cute little sandwich place on Washington and 1 st. I go every weekend on my way back from the beach for my usual croissant sandwich to go. On the menu: healthy sandwiches/pitas, a big variety of smoothies, fruit juices, acai bowls, snacks bars... they offer many lunch combos for $9.95.My usual waitress Elise is so sweet and very helpful, as well the other waitress and the owner.This is a great place for surfers. They have many boards for rent and also have an Internet station and ATM.I especially love that they use Costa Rica's motto as their name. Pura vida is enjoying life fully.  Great place for vegetarians too. I love their pita chips!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2009,11/11/2009,94,113,5,15,8>Let me preface this review by stating that I am part Lebanese and have been eating Mediterranean food from a very young age.  While there's nothing like my grandmother's cooking, Maroosh definitely holds a special place in my heart (or should I say stomach?).  The food is excellent, the service is terrific, and the owner always welcomes you with a friendly smile (or a kiss on the cheek - if you go as often as I do), which gives the place an extra little something-something.Their kabob lunch specials are great and very reasonably priced (all under $10).  Their dinner appetizer combo is amazing- You get to order any 5 appetizers off of the menu for $30.  I usually order the hummus (w/o meat), the baba ghannouj, grape leaves, armenian sausages, and the baked kibbeh (my mouth is watering just thinking about it).  This is enough food to feed 2 people for dinner and then some.  So, if you stop to think about it at $15 per person (for dinner)...  you're not spending a whole lot of money and you're walking out of there with a nice, full belly.  They also have great options for those who want to host a group event there (group menus posted online).  I know because I had my bridal shower there and everything came out perfect.  They were spot on with the service, food, and entertainment.  Thank you, Maroosh!!
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,11/10/2009,420,662,7,9,8>I think I've found my new favorite haunt, thanks to Sharie B's stellar recommendation!As a "pescaterian," finding good edibles for lunch can be a serious challenge. There are only so many Subway veggie sandwiches I can eat - for real!Anyway, The Last Carrot is a wonderland of options for someone like moi. From peanut butter and banana pitas to spinach melts and delicious spicy hummus. It's so incredibly rare to find a restaurant where I can eat EVERY item on the menu. Yay Last Carrot!The pita sandwiches are delish, I had the hummus and the BF had the tuna. The homemade vinaigrette they serve with it is to die for. I want to eat only that on every salad I consume for the rest of my life!!!Can't wait to try the variety of juices - carrot, cucumber, wheatgrass. I may even be back tomorrow, who knows! They also take lunch orders by email (if you send your order by 1130am) and they deliver. One thing - I did get hungry pretty soon after scarfing down my hummus pita. Then again, I probably should have picked up a vegan dessert or some juice - no doubt it would have further filled me up.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,11/9/2009,147,180,12,11,14>For the record, I am 30. That, however, did not stop me from pulling my hair back in a bun, putting on a leotard, pink tights, a ballet skirt, leg warmers and ballet shoes and taking the adult ballet class at In Motion. And you know what? It was fun. Lots of fun. Sure, I haven't done ballet since I was 6 or 8, and I'm terrible, but I got  a serious workout. The 6-year-old ballerina in me is alive and well, and boy is she going to be sore tomorrow!In Motion has classes for kids as young as toddlers and adults who never got over the desire to wear tutus. And they totally won't laugh at you if you show up in one, which is oh so kind of them. Seriously, though, the place has nice teachers and  a very sweet owner (who even made sure we got to our cars safely). It's a great resource for a different kind of work out. And you can wear ballerina gear (because you know deep down inside you really, really, really want to toss those leg warmers and ballet shoes on and spin around the room like the dancer you always wanted to be). Not too far into your first class you'll suddenly remember what fifth position is and your index finger will magically find its way skyward. And you'll wish you could have gone to a school like Fame, too. Keep that dream alive and sign up for adult ballet.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2008,11/8/2009,34,109,5,6,7>I'm debating wether to give Bond St 4 stars or 5.  4 1/2 if I can.  Came on a Thursday, had a great dinner, great atmosphere, good service. We got: Lobster Tempura (4.5* simple and straight forward. very well done!) Crispy rock shrimp (5* def recommended)Miso sea bass skewers (5* nice grilled flavor, a little smokey, perfect balance with the sweet miso)Kanpachi Tiridito (4* good fish, good flavors. wasn't my favorite thing, but was very good)Yellowtail belly Sashimi (5* unreal!  so good! great texture, flavor- totally spot on)Chu Toro Sashimi (3* the only thing we had that was sub par... not "melty" like good toro should be)Uni Sashimi (3.5* good, but it could have been a little fresher)Chocolate Cake (3.5* standard under baked (in a good way) chocolate cake with ice cream.  Good texture, good flavor)3 glasses of Masumi Okuden (5* This is a favorite sake of mine and they had it by the glass.  Made me a happy girl)3 cocktails (it's hard to mess up vodka soda)-All said, we had a great dinner.  I would def recommend coming here on a special occasion. (Read: a little pricey, but worth it)-Make a reservation, you'll need it.-As I say with all restaurants, ask the server for his or her favorites.  They know what they're doing and they know the product.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2009,11/7/2009,259,519,8,10,7>Let's get the annoying things out in the open. So they like to ID here, but you can't blame them for not wanting to get shut down. There are long waits on weekend nights. Whatever. I see people waiting for 2 hours for huge plates of bad food at the Cheesecake Factory and they're not complaining. It's Miami. When a place is good everyone goes and there are long waits. Deal with it. We went to Yardhouse on a Saturday night. Knowing that it would be packed, we called ahead to put our name on the list. When we got there we were told that there was still an hour an a half before our table would be ready (again, you should expect this). So we went to the bar and had a couple of drinks. They have a huge selection of beers- even beers for people who don't like beer, like me. Our wait was more like 45 minutes, which was nice. I'd rather a hostess overestimate our wait than underestimate it and piss someone off. The menu has got something for everyone. From burgers to fresh seafood, and it's all good. The mac and cheese is to die for, and the burgers are made from Naturewell Natural Angus beef, and they are damn good too. The crowd is very much what you would expect at Merrick Park, but with a few Miami Tools sprinkled in for good measure. If you come by during Happy Hour (3-6pm) appetizers are half off, and they have specials on beers and martinis.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,11/6/2009,244,213,4,8,6>I started going here with my boyfriend/fellow yelper Tony C. I love this place. It's in the Circle of Miami Springs so to speak, and it looks and feels like a little town that isn't part of Miami. They recently added one of those covers outside and they even had a guy playing guitar and singing this past Saturday. If you have never been, the cover outside is a big deal because the place only seats outside and even though they have fans when it's hot you couldn't really feel them and when it rained you had to hide under the little bit of shelter they had, now NO WORRIES! Eat, feel the fans and enjoy your food.Oh yeah, so let me get to the food. I've only been here about 3 times and I always seem to get the same thing, the black bean chicken melt. It's bedded on a pita bread cut into four delicious slices, it has chicken, black beans, corn, red onion, red pepper, herbs and cheese, what more can you ask for? In the middle of the plate they place a Caesar salad that is so fresh, I can't explain, every time which have only been 3 times, I can't complain, the dressing they use is Delish and they give you just enough that you don't feel like you have to ask for it on the side.I definitely have to try something else next time, but it's so hard to resist the black bean chicken melt ;)If you go make sure to take Cash, this is a cash only place and even though they do have an ATM inside, it's super old and sometimes gives problems, don't fear there  is a Bank in walking distance but it's easier to just come prepared.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2009,11/5/2009,278,388,7,13,11>After cleaning out the garage I ended up with a bunch of cans of used paints, solvents, and other toxic stuff to throw out.  I had no idea if Miami had even had a proper place to take care of disposing such items.  I looked on the web and found this place.  It's in Doral and the service is free to the public.  Don't dare throw stuff like this into the garbage.  Do the right thing and handle it properly.  You'll be glad you did and thanks!  They're open Wed-Sun 9a-5p.  Here's the official word:*********************The Department's permanent Home Chemical Collection Centers accepts oil-based paints, pesticides, solvents, pool chemicals, unbroken fluorescent light bulbs (to include the older, long-tube fluorescents, modern compact fluorescent light bulbs (CFLs) and other fluorescent types) and other household items. The centers also accept latex paints that are still in liquid form; however, it is recommended that new paints or latex paint that is still in good condition be donated to neighbors or community groups. The centers are available to non-commercial residents only.The Centers are located in West Dade at 8831 N.W. 58th Street, and in South Dade at 23707 SW 97th Avenue Gate-B. Normal hours of operation are Wednesday through Sunday, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2009,11/4/2009,341,375,8,8,9>Attended the "TARGET WEDNESDAY AFTER HOURS" and had a really nice time    Was able to talk to my old art teacher and she made feel bad for not having painted anything lately    I wish I wasn't as socially awkward as I am because it seemed like there was a lot of interesting people      The presentation of 20th century art by Prof. Tony Jones, Chancellor of the School of the Art Institute of Chicago was great but all I could really think about was "What am I doing in the same room with him"The museum itself is super sleek and modern but somehow doesn't overshadow the works inside, it draws you in and then lets the art do the talking, what it is saying is entirely up to you     The actual exhibits on display was not my style and perhaps made me a little angry but art is supposed to make you feel so I guess it workedWill I come back again next month? yes
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,11/3/2009,471,255,15,38,23>Probably one of my favorite places in Coconut Grove, nah actually scratch that; in Miami. I've been here on multiple occasions to do a couple of photo essays on the place because I find it breathtakingly beautiful.  There is something so peaceful about this place that just keeps me coming back.Their ceremony room is a beautiful white marble building, with huge open windows that let the right amount of sunlight shine in, whilst shaded by the many Banyan trees and the vegetation that dominates the Grove. The residents are the sweetest most welcoming people you'll have the pleasure of meeting in these parts of town. They have a book store that sells all kinds of incense, crystals, memorabilia and art, really amazing stuff.If you find yourself with a whole lot of nothing do on a Sunday evening and you feel curious and in the mood to experience something different, come check out their mass. It is so absolutely beautiful to see the women dancing, the men chanting, and the kids just running around feeding off the warmth and happiness.  And some better news, after the ceremony they serve a huge homemade Indian feast (vegan) that is absolutely delightful.  Not too long ago I read a review from Jordan N. that said that we all have/need a place to get away from 'Miami'...this is true, and the Hare Krishna Temple is my getaway.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,11/2/2009,151,175,7,8,7>Came out for a late lunch and received impeccable service. We decided to sit outside on the sidewalk to enjoy the weather along with the food. We were told we can sit anywhere we liked and the server promptly came out. He suggested the watermelon lemonade and brought out some bread. The lemonade was very good and after the bread was finished, he asked if we wanted some more. I really appreciate a waiter who checks up on the table every few minutes and this waiter was on point. As I ordered the blackened fish wrap he suggested I get it medium due to the cooking length possibly drying out the blackened fish. I took his suggestion and the wrap was great. I got the fries with the wrap and they were very good as well. Great service and great food at a price that won't break the bank.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,10/24/2010,255,530,8,6,11>When I was 13 years old I was picked up by the Public Safety Department for allegedly throwing mango's at cars on Red Road.I was immediately sentenced by those same police to hard labor, pulling rocks out of a five acre field off of 87 Ave and 74 St. Back then I guess there were no judges just cops. But, that one minor incident lead me to Norman Brothers. Back then they were a small strawberry field, with a lot of rocks, since then they have morphed into a gourmet grocery store. I don't know if there the same owners or not.But, tHese owners of Norman Brothers are typically on scene. Tim, Johnny and the rest of them make you feel as if your the only customer. Norman Brothers has from the unusual (black garlic) very good, to baby turnips. I admit I'm a usual there and find myself purchasing products to make an unusual meal, there have it.Norman Brothers, reminds me of old Florida, when Miami was normal and friendships went a long way.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,10/23/2010,94,113,,6,6>Had a lovely dining experience at Xixon last night... one that makes me want to tell the world about it.  We didn't have reservations, so when we were led to the down stairs cellar area, I was a bit concerned.... However, after our meal I realized that this is the place to be sat at.  It was cozy and quiet with very attentive service.  Perfect for a date night with my husband.  The food was amazing -- One of my favorite tapas was the piquillo peppers stuffed with bacalao.  Sounds kind of crazy, but this tapas dish was SPECTACULAR.  The bacalao was fresh (not the salted kind we Cubans are used to).  It was made into somewhat of a mousse and stuffed inside these roasted red spanish peppers.  The sauce it came in was the perfect accompaniment... great for dipping your bread into.  The one dish that I wouldn't order again has to be the albondigas (meatballs).  While they weren't bad, they just were nothing special in my book.  Definitely skip on the albondigas and go for the piquillos...  You'll be glad you did.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2009,10/22/2010,223,72,4,14,11>I was so thrilled to see this little spot on NE 2nd come to life - what a fantastic (and sorely needed) addition to Buena Vista East!!The space is so comfortable and charming. Owned by a husband and wife team, they've hit on the perfect combination of friendly staff, amazing food and great prices.I arrived late for dinner and my companions had already ordered a selection of mezzes for the table to share. We started out with the Turkish Sampler of hummus, tomato walnut dip, fava bean purée served with the best crusty bread ever. I could have eaten only that and been happy.The marinated, grilled octopus was phenomenal. Texture and flavor were just sublime. The Greek Village salad was fresh and flavorful and the fried calamari were light and tender.It was raining that night so i missed out on the the patio experience. Can't wait to come back!!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2010,10/21/2010,70,117,10,13,11>This is one of Hialeah's gems. It's also known as "El Mejor Batido de Hialeah"( Hialeah's best milkshake)- and that's not a lie.Go here for lunch, try the watermelon juice; It's freshly prepared, as all their juices and milkshakes are. Please do not come here and ask for a chocolate milkshake, you can get that anywhere. Test the exotic fruits like mamey or mango.Nothing on their sandwich menu exceeds $3.75. They also prepare pan con ajo( garlic bread sandwich), or pan con ajo y tomate(garlic bread and tomato sandwich)- which is usually something you'd only make at home.Basically, if you're not bothered by dirty old Cuban men, and standing at a counter to eat, go here and munch out  for under $10.It's a 3rd world country in there, and it's amazing.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,10/20/2010,30,68,5,5,6>6:47 Sunday morning. A light, silken touch to my forearm. I open my eyes to 24 lbs. of smiles and the realization that Joey's "big girl bed" might mean locks on the doors. I was pretty sure that this meant that somebody was ready to get up and eat breakfast. And while driving around the greater Miami-Dade County area looking for someplace different to have breakfast, my deduction was verified when we heard a tiny voice coming from the backseat mutter, "Eat?" We decided that by the time we arrived, someplace in the Lincoln Road Mall would be open. If not, we were going to have to find a Mickey D's with a world class playground. I had never eaten at Van Dyke's and was a little leery when I saw how extensive the menu is. I found that it made ordering difficult because there were several breakfast items that interested me. I settled on the crab cakes with poached eggs. It was delicious. Joey's must have been as well because she downed 3/4's of a waffle loaded with whipped cream and berries. The waitress, without our prompting, brought the waffle out to the baby as soon as it was ready. A chivalrous act in my opinion. There was one thing that weirded me out. I hesitate to mention it, because it is my own defect. There was a brief moment when I could feel myself turning in slow motion, wincing my brow as if I had unexpectedly come face to face with a midget clown. To my horror my coffee came in a CLEAR GLASS MUG! I overcame and even asked for a refill. I would surely return any time of the day to sample more from the menu. And if the weather is nice like it was this day, I would recommend sitting outside. Be warned though that the ash trays aren't only there to weight down the kiddie menu/coloring book.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,10/19/2010,133,114,6,6,5>I've been lucky enough to spend a good portion of my life in NYC.The pizza? Pretty good.I've been to Chicago a few times. The pizza? Pretty damn good.Spent some extended time in Italy. The pizza? Well, yeah.Been to Phoenix many times, home of the often-number-one-rated "Pizzeria Bianco". The pizza? mad good.So, I like pizza. It's kinda amazing that something so simple (dough and things on top of it, then add heat) can often be screwed up so royally. (papa johns).Pizza Rustica gets it. They get the basic fundamental of pizza...good bread with things that taste good on top of it.Yes, sometimes the pizza here can be like a lottery. If you happen to really want a slice of something that, for whatever reason, isn't selling well on that day, you may get pizza which was made hours ago. The crust will be a little soggy, the toppings a little dry. If you go at 3am, you may get bit by a pit bull.If you're lucky enough to choose something fresh out of the oven, you're going to leave Rustica telling all of your friends to go. The standard toppings are safe. (sausage, peppers, pepperoni, etc.) It's worth noting, though, that one of my favorite pizzas there is the one topped with chicken, romaine and caesar dressing. On first glance, you think, "really, heating up caesar dressing?". But, it's pretty damn good. Give it a try.When I moved to Florida, my house became a hotel of sorts. Everyone wanted to come and visit. And, why not? It's beautiful here. I'm pretty certain, without exaggeration, that I've shared Pizza Rustica with every guest.This location is smack in the heart of Lincoln Road. It's really one of the few places where you can get some satisfying food down there without paying a ridiculous amount of money. Pizza Rustica owns a spot on my Miami favorites list.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,10/18/2010,723,1088,4,22,13>After coming to Romeo's several times, I realize that my short, basic review, doesn't do justice to this place and the effort that Chef puts into preparing great meals for his guests. There is no menu so he will come out and talk you and your fellow diners and find out likes and dislikes- with that, he walks back into the kitchen and prepares a wonderful 5 course meal that will be certainly satisfying. As a food enthusiast you cannot help it but to appreciate how a true professional makes use of his skills to bring all the ingredients together into a fantastic display of fare. The Romeo's experience is unique, culturally rich and very satisfying, I have come here to do business, to close deals, and to enjoy good company. However, given the wonderfully special affair that dining at Romeo's will certainly be, I would recommend that you come here with special people that mean more to you than just a transaction, this will enhance your experience and Romeo's treats will definitely add you to your bag of great experiences.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2009,10/17/2010,471,255,23,28,24>Tonight I found the little slice of New Orleans that was missing in my life, and I found it at Goodfellas...what a dive!!! The place is dark, raunchy, trashy, and all together charming. This is the kind of place where people know each other by first names. Right as you walk in you'll find and island style bar,  the old-school kind, with sea creature imprints in the wood and a small fisherman raft hanging from the ceiling. Bikers and blue collar types drink their sorrows away whilst Shelly and Nancy pour them some heavy spirits ($3 bucks for mixed drinks) and treat you with endearing terms such as honey, sweetheart, and b**ch.  Toward the back you'll find a small stage where the locals jam with their band. I happened to be here tonight enjoying the sounds of From The Villains, a tasteful mixture between classic and indie rock. There's a food window where Steve the chef will be mixing up some good ole' bar grub that as the lead singer announced "why bother with McDonalds when you can come here and it'll taste better".Honestly I wasn't in the mood to drive all the way to 186th. I looked like a hobo from a long days work and all I could think of is hitting the sack. But I'm glad my friend dragged me here, I haven't felt so much at home in a while. If you are looking for a wild raunchy night at a REAL dive, with some local characters, and a no-frill no BS attitude, make the drive because its definitely worth the experience.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,10/16/2010,286,311,7,11,10>Mai tardi - Never late! True, it's never too late to try this amazing restaurant. Located in the trendy Design District, Mai Tardi has the charm, the attitude and the elegance of a restaurant designed for the younger business class. It has both great setting and great food. I hadn't been back since the Elite event last year, I admit I regret not coming back earlier. Monday night, I decided to eat a light meal / pre-event dinner with fellow yelper Janay. The menu is quite diversified with an interesting mix of tastes. We agreed to order the polpette di bisonte - bison meat balls in a spicy sweet sauce, and the gnocco fritto - fried pizza dough with prosciutto and a quite tasty white tartufo sauce. All this accompanied with a fruity tasting Prosecco... total win! The gnocco fritto was delightful and light while the polpette di bisonte were juicy with provolone melting on the inside. The sauce was a bit too sweet for me but still a great choice. The service was good but there were only two other tables outside so the restaurant was not busy which means they had time for us. Two antipasti were not enough and I pushed for a dessert. Janay chose the chocolate cheesecake. Very very interesting. I wouldn't call it a cheesecake as it doesn't feel like one. It is a very good cake though, quite fulfilling its task. Very chocolaty, with what seemed an amaretto mousse on top. Yum! I will be back!
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,10/15/2010,180,262,4,6,6>Driving in the rain, through the 'hood, and past hookers isn't usually my idea of a good time.  But I was on a mission to check this place out post-Yelp Summer Night Dream party at the Moore Building.  It was a frustrating find at first, but by the time we finally found Cafeina's complimentary valet parking and ordered drinks, we were in a happy place.  Here is all you need to know about this place:Cafe con Leche Martinis.It's like breakfast, home, and abuela's cooking all in a glass - with a kick (and coffee beans as garnish).  We immediately bought a round - and then another.  There's a loungey/bar area, and what looked like a dance floor on the 2nd floor overlooking the first.  We lucked out and managed to snag some couches - but I would definitely recommend reservations for a big group.  Ordered goat cheese and mushroom croquettes with guava sauce, and some quesadillas.  Both were delish.Will definitely be back.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,2/25/2012,587,1627,5,11,11>Italian, Argentine, Venezuelan, and even American gelaterias don't really get my attention anymore. They just don't - I've heard way too many promises since gelatos came into the American vocabulary."The chef is trained in Italy.""Made with fresh ingredients, all natural!""Healthier than ice cream, this stuff is good for you!""Traveled across the Italian countryside in search of the secret recipes and gelato-making processes..."You catch the drift. And since the first claims came many years ago from so-and-so gelateria, many have come and go, opened and shuttered. Some big and small. Roma, Paciugo, Bacio, and even Parmalat to name a few.But the truth is, after trying many in South Florida (MIlano, 4D, Coco Gelato, & Dolce Vita), this one gelateria impressed me. The flavors were right, not hidden in cream, and not overpowering as if it was a sorbet. It was not as mild as Milano, and the flavors were freshly more pronounced than Paciugo.Yes, the prices are not that low, but when you're sharing gelato with another, it's just right. And your mouth will thank you for it as it is worth it.This gets my vote as the best gelateria in Miami. For me, this place is worth the drive. Can't wait to see this place expand to other neighborhoods.Note: The owners run an Italian gelateria chain in Italy under the name of La Scintilla.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,2/24/2012,287,379,6,11,8>Step aside Starbucks, there is a real coffee place in town!With the coffee beans actually roasted on the premises by a roasting machine nearly a hundred years old, the artisans at Panther Coffee truly understand what it takes to make great coffee. First you select your beans ( with the beans from Rwanda being my favorite) and the technique used for brew.  Try the pour over method, which actually IMHO beats out the French Press. Next prepare yourself for, quite possibly, what could be the perfect cup of liquid gold. Now if you come here expecting a quick cup o' joe, well, that ain't going to happen.  Like most great things, it takes time. So, slow down and wait the extra two minutes.  While you are waiting try some of the fresh pastries, which are delicious.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,2/23/2012,131,70,6,16,12>This buffet has the best of both worlds. Japanese food (Sushi & Hibachi) and Chinese food (Dim sum and Cantonese dishes). For under $13 per person (weekends & nights) or under $11 per person (weekdays during lunch) you're getting a great deal considering the range of food offered. Yes, it's a cheap buffet, but it's the only I've seen serving authentic dishes like dim sum, roast duck, chicken feet, chinese vegetables etc. Two other buffets I've been to in Miami (Shin Ju & Kyojin) serve okay sushi and americanized Asian foods. This place definitely takes the cake when it comes to Asian buffets! This buffet consists of 6 different food sections. 1.) Dim sum (Not the biggest selection but some of the most popular dim sum dishes served. This included: Ha gow, shumai, sticky rice, hom sui gok, spare ribs, tofu skin roll, sesame balls and more.)2.) Fresh Seafood (Shrimp, crab legs, oysters etc)3.) Sushi(2 sushi chefs) (The sushi was okay, nothing special) /Hibachi (Made to order)4.) Authentic Cantonese dishes (Steamed fish, roast duck, stuffed eggplant, bok choy etc) 5.) Americanized Chinese food (Usual fried rice, chicken wings, lo mein etc)6.) Desserts (almond jello, tapioca milk, cookies, various types of ice cream etc)So for the variety and authenticity of foods you get for the price, I think you're getting a great deal! Plus there were a ton of Asian people eating there too!!!!  :)
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,2/22/2012,58,81,9,13,8>What a superb litte bistro in Coral Springs!And that's the reason I love Yelp! It was only because of Yelp that my friend and I, the lovely Nicole T., came to this place. Wanting something new to our usual routine, we did our research and found this cozy modern Middle Eastern eatery at the end of Coral Ridge Dr. by the Sawgrass Expressway. Thank goodness we did because it was worth every penny.The eatery's name itself, Falafel Bistro and WIne Bar, is exactly what you get when you eat here. Bistro ambiance with a full bar and a broad array of wines and beer. Dimly lit, cozy, with a nice general buzz in the air. And the food itself is SCRUMPTIOUS. Needless to say, their falafels are divine with a great granular crunch to them. These same falafels in a pita, hummus, and Israeli salad is out of this world. Let me not forget to also give mad props to their soups. I had cream of potato and leek! I love leeks! Such an under appreciated vegetable and works well in puree style soups. Here you can just taste the freshness of the soup; they make their soups daily! To top it all off for dessert I recommend the crepe with nutella and almonds served along side a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  To die for!Let me just tell you that I have no idea how I walked out of that place without suffering a food induced stupor!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,2/21/2012,534,839,9,12,9>How do you get a man to eat a salad?Put steak on it.We came early for an ELITE event to have a light dinner beforehand. The Thai steak was a winner. (They do good steak anything, really.)The lobster bisque was great... but needed more chunks of lobster meat.The spinach artichoke dip, WITH the crab meat (gotta ask for it) was really good!Nice feel, friendly service, reasonable prices for very good food.A definite do-over.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,2/20/2012,202,72,12,19,14>Tonight the SO and I dropped in to WBB to check out the new digs and say hello to our favorite Wine Goddess. While I expected a great wine selection - and wasn't disappointed - I didn't expect the enoteca owner to be such an art connoisseur. There's a few great pieces blessing the walls that even I, who's not an art fan, can appreciate.A lot of wine stores opt for dark woods and a warm presentation but WBB embraces it's downtown home and presents a modern, concrete-n-metal loft feel which I appreciate. Taking a peek at that prices you can see that Stefano is committed to selling you honest prices and more often than not under cuts the competition - or at least that's what Google Shopper app told me.Dip in and check out the little place. If you're on the way to the beach grab the Wineberry wooden box wine (4 bottles worth) and some of the I-look-like-glass-but-am-really-plastic-and-beach-­friendly wine glasses. Ice pack included.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,2/19/2012,97,217,5,14,12>During my trip I stumbled upon this place while driving on the Fed. It just looked really cool. I was just getting my butt off the beach and I thought dining in a tiki hut might just be the icing on the cake. Now, coming from New York City; I am exposed to some of the best dining in the world; so on that note I have to say that Mai Kai is one of the most amazing restaurants I have ever been to in my life. Mai Kai was established in the 1950's and from what I understood it hasn't changed much. The moment we walked in we were transported in the Polynesian islands. I know that is a cheesy statement and a bold one at that but I am not saying that lightly. The ambiance was quite amazing. It's like you are walking into a dark tropical underground. And the lavender!!!! The service was wonderful. We were welcomed by a nice man who told us about the show....show? $11 extra to see a Polynesian show (think Hula). We thought why not. We were sat at the back of the restaurant in a place that was more peaceful and surrounded by the outdoor fountains and lush gardens. I was so taken back that I just sat at the table for 10 min. with my eyes wondering all over the place...lol. Our waiter was very professional and kind. He delivered our menus along with a fun kitschy retro 1960"s cocktail menu. Each drink was illustrated in the menu (and there are lots). I am sure they have your boring sodas, and beers etc. but who wants that when you can have a froufrou drink that you can carry around the outside perimeter of the restaurant under waterfalls and tiki monsters? Of course they have nonalcoholic drinks for the kiddo's and wimp-o's. I can't remember what I drank (it was really good though) my boyfriend had the drink that came with a tiki glass...love. To eat, I ordered the Tuna Steak Thai Style which was perfectly spiced, topped with a diced red peppers and was accompanied with white rice (or brown/fried if I had chosen). I do not like peppers. Ever! But I have no idea what they did to these red peppers they put on top of my tuna but holy crap they were sooo good! The tuna was gently seared and was fork tender. It was like eating a cow steak 10x more tender and with a cleaner taste. My boyfriend has the Flounder which was also Thai spiced and with fried rice and he loved his as well. We decided to not order a appetizer or any of the side dishes because we planned on having dessert but next time I plan to indulge to the fullest extent so I suggest for others to do so as well because you will not regret doing so if you have the money to spend. We decided to have our desert in front of the stage while watching the show. My boyfriend had a flaming banana dessert where the bananas were soaked in alcohol and lit on fire while being mixed and poured over vanilla ice cream (if you can imagine the attention that got us). I was simple and had a slice of Key Lime pie. The desserts were very good, I just wished they had a larger selection. Now on to the show! Seriously, on my list of the coolest things I have ever seen. The narrator helps to take you through all of the Polynesian islands by costume, dance, and amazing music. I don't want to spoil the show so I will leave it at that. I am not sure if they ever change the show but regardless its really worth it. They also have a full bar/lounge near the front entrance but it was unclear how late they stay open....but they do have a happy hour! They also have a gift shop. Tourist trap? I have to say no. I live two blocks from Times Square therefore I believe I deserve the right to claim what is a tourist trap and what is not. The reason why I say it is not is because I came here on a week night, it was not overly crowded, people were celebrating birthdays, and anniversaries, and also having romantic nights out. There was not a over abundance of picture taking except during the show (and even that wasn't bad). The employees were not rude, overworked (or so it seemed), stressed, and they seemed to like their jobs. There was a manager dressed in a white suit who I think was a bit stressed and she was not really all that friendly but whatever. Tourist traps are usually not only over priced but cheap in appearance, quality, and are ran by under paid employees who don't give a shit. I didn't get that feeling here. If I did I would say so......read my other reviews. Keep in mind**** this IS a special occasions restaurant. This is not a place you come to once or twice a month. You will spoil your experience if you come too often. Also, it is expensive. I could have easily spent $300 for the two of us, but honestly I would not have felt bad about it. I HATE TO WRITE SUPER LONG REVIEWS! I had to do it with Mai Kai because its such a wonderful place. When I close on my house in Delray Beach I will be going back there to celebrate!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,2/18/2012,324,47,11,15,11>If only Starbucks could serve these types of edible delights in lieu of their pre-packaged pastries, they would sky rocket to the roof (as will everyone's weight on the scale....but who cares.)I take my mom here for a girl's lunch/brunch on afternoons where we want to relax and talk. They have live music on Saturdays, with different local artists (my favorite is the lady who sings Parisian music.)We usually have prosciutto sandwiches with brie, onion, lettuce, tomato, and dijon mustard. I get mine on a fresh baked baguette, and my mom likes her's on a croissant (both equally delicious.)They have petit fours, pastries, and even a deli where you can order meats to go. They bake baguettes and pain d' epi (the loaves that look like wheat stalks that you can break off) every 1/2 hour. We usually sit outside with our sandwiches and coffee (my mom is fancy, so she prefers cafe au lait with a sugar stick...I take regular, with a little cream, thank you.)My mom likes to feed the little sparrows that come to play in the bushes, waiting for crumbs left behind by patrons. Whenever we dine al fresco at casual places, my mom is the person who likes to feed the ducks, pretending not to see the big sign DO NOT FEED DUCKS. I scold her, but she scolds me back, asking what if I were a duck and hungry, how would I feel (point well taken.) If you are unsure of what you want, I recommend taking a menu and grazing it over while in line. There are about 5-6 ladies running the counter taking orders in quite a rush, after that you're free to relax.Definitely one of the best bakeries in Ft. Lauderdale...artisinal and authentic.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,2/17/2012,969,161,19,17,19>If I died today...yjhgu7nbf  ryhf (knock on keyboard)...Dr. G, medical examiner, would be in charge of emptying the contents of my stomach into a plastic container for analysis. She'd be so confused by the amount of globalization going on in my gastrointestinal tract, that she'd probably say something like --"This guy's bolus (last meal) looks like a UN potluck."At that point I'd probably get up and say, "If you think that's freaky, you should peep my liver."Watch her show on the Discovery channel if you haven't already. I'd always considered myself an international gourmand of mystery, but until Viva Chile, I had never sampled Chilean cuisine. Wine yes! Enough to fill a kiddie pool, but I couldn't name one dish. I didn't know what to expect. As I've never been to the world's longest country, and there are only 5 restaurants in Dade and Broward County combined that serve Chilean fare, I can't speak on its authenticity.Like their morning shows, soap operas, and weather channels...South Americans like to do everything with flair. You'll recognize everything you see on the menu but be sure, it will come with a twist. Here's how I overdid it --Completo, or hot dog the size of 12-gauge shotgun filled with tomato, guacamole, and mayonnaise ammo.French Fries topped with two sunny-side up eggs. Little crispy potatoes let me dip you into the sun of my cloudy albumin sky. If you haven't eaten this yet, you're ruining your life and need to get it together.Pastel de Choclo is a giant meat filled arepa that every other patron seemed to order. Did they know something I didn't (tell me your secrets Chilenos)? I didn't have you PDC but take this as a warning, I'm going to mess you up the next time I see you.Chacarero is skirt steak, tomato, mayo, and naturally...green beans?! You know you're eating something otherworldly when you start talking to your meal --Me: WTF!? Where did you come from!?Haricot Vert: France of courseMe: Welcome to my humble sandwich.The full-liquor bar will NEVER get you even remotely buzzed because the portions are so obscenely large and filling...they should work in adult films. It still gives me comfort to know it's there.I wish I had more to tell you, but that's it. Probably better than I give them credit for but like I said, I have no frame of reference to compare to. Besides nothing can top this little Chilean dish --youtube.com/watch?v=lzas…
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,2/16/2012,326,97,33,29,26>What a WASTE of swamp space.  If you manage to get past the smell of Chupacabra poo that permeates the western outskirts of the Great Suburb of Kendall to get here, you're only bound to be ripped from limb to limb by skin-sucking mosquitoes that hover over the rotted food and foul smelling patrons that take refuge in this Den of Dengue.Are you still here...?  After all of that HOT MESS?  Seriously?  Oh, alright...yeah, I gave it 4 stars.  What gives, right?  I figure if you're 'special' enough to stop reading after that first paragraph you don't DESERVE to know about the Runway Cafe.   Think:  WetLab - but West Kendall style.  Drive straight through the entrance to the Kendall-Tamiami Airport off of 137th Avenue and take the main road down until you see signage that'll kindly alert you to hang a right and follow the path to the Runway Cafe.  Plenty of free parking surrounds this little outdoor bar, but don't be fooled - come 8pm, they start lining up 2 deep and table space quickly becomes scarce.  Table space, interestingly enough, being taken up by young and old alike.  Domino tournaments, heated conversation and some good ol' Caribbean/Latin hip shimmying accompany the sounds of reggae rhythms and...The Love Unlimited Orchestra.  But that randomness only adds to its charm.Sneak in right before sunset and watch the distant 'Glades roll into the evening sky, but before it does, take a second to marvel at the cool aircraft parked around your table.  The beer and wine selection isn't anything particularly remarkable or stellar...but you're not here to be elitist about your drinks.  Grab a cheap brew, order up some freshly made (on the spot!) Jerk Chicken or Curry Goat (comes with festival or bammy - yum!) off the 'daily specials' menu and get ready to dig in!  The service is beyond friendly - I wanted to tell our waitress "hun, if you smile any harder your face is gonna get STUCK that way...and y'know you can't have that -ish in Miami."Word to the wise...?  The $5 Rum Punch will knock you on your ARSE.  I will not discuss what occurred after I consumed 2 cups of it.  My family  occasionally reads this site, after all. So check it out...or don't.  In fact, it's preferable that you don't.  The Chupacabra doesn't take kindly to strangers.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,1/9/2009,1,1,4,4,4>So here it is, finally a spot in Miami that has some sort of  underground NY spot meets Miami vibe.. Louis is dark enough with touch of red lighting to bring out the sexy! The decor was very nice as was the entire club with the whole Louis XVI and skull theme laid throughout .. What gave this lounge originality was the Marie Antoinette dressed woman on chair as you enter and in bathtub as you walk through the lounge. Given it was the 2nd day of opening but the Staff was quite good looking and the service was great.. Overall I think the layout is nice,  not too big not too small with just enough room and furniture to allow for an interesting night.. As long as they keep a tight door and dont let it get out of hand this will definitely be Miami's next Hot Spot!!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,1/8/2009,196,289,8,7,8>This past weekend I discovered another reason why Balans is getting better:  It is open until 4 am on Friday and Saturday night!  See, while others come to this part of town for dinner and happy hour and then leave.  I live here.  It used to be that I would be stuck ordering a pizza or (gasp) making something at home if I got back late from an event and was still hungry.Now I know that I can grab grub and drinks at Balans while other revelers chill to the DJ's sounds.  Also -- the Balans burger is competitive with the Road burger at Tobacco Road (also open late) down the street.Also, EVERY DAY happy hour is from 3-7pm.  Finding myself with nothing to do before Desperate Housewives, I lounged at Balans and enjoyed tasty nibbles and $2.50 Stellas.  Unfortunately, I drank too many and totally forgot about Sunday night TV!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,1/7/2009,2,30,4,5,4>So far I can only speak for the salads, but if they're any indication of the rest of what Jimmy'z has to offer, this is a find! It's a modest little joint with just a few tables, but the salad I ate for lunch today was one of the best I've had at any restaurant in South Beach. Full of fresh dark greens, including spinach, and other really tasty veggies-- cucumbers, carrots, and avocados that tasted like they were just-picked from one of the farms down near Homestead. The candied pecans were a great touch, and next time I'd add tofu (extra points for offering tofu). My dining companion had the jerk chicken salad and called it "awesome." I don't eat meat, but it did in fact smell awesome, and I'd be inclined to ask if they can make jerk tofu. Also, they have San Pellegrino Limonata in a can--delicious lemon soda that's pretty hard to find. I'm really looking forward to going back.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2008,1/6/2009,34,19,5,5,5>Shiso fly. This cozy little space off purdy ave. is just the kind of down home lounge this city was in dire need of. With dim lighting, cool ethnic art displayed on the walls and homey touches like tiny bonsai trees hiding in unsuspecting spots throughout, the place has style. Though I will admit to being somewhat of a wino when I stop in at Shiso, the cocktails here are amazing. With super fun names and exotic mix-ins you really can't go wrong. While I enjoy my fair share of sushi, I'm typically not very daring when I order from a regular sushi joint, but let me be the first to say, the sushi here is out of this world. After working out a few kinks, the crew at Shiso unveiled a new updated menu on New Year's Day including Black Truffle Edamame that was so good I wanted to lick the bowl. With a few more appetizers, entrees and sashimi in the mix the extended menu doesn't disappoint. If you're looking for an intimate atmosphere with a friendly and family-like staff, Shiso is your place. As the other yelpers noted: I highly suggest getting here before the rest of Miami finds out about this hidden gem.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2008,1/5/2009,340,93,6,8,9>"The Barn" - Good stuff...the yellow salsa is amazing, a must have! Fast Service, though didnt speak much english, but its cool, because the food was really good. Been to few of them in broward and tried most of their dishes like chicken and steak with rice and beans and fries..mmmm...they have other choices for salsa toppings but the yellow one is the bomb.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2008,1/4/2009,223,72,3,9,9>A hidden oasis just north of the Design District, Bagua  is more of an experience than a shop. Walking into the store off of NE 2nd avenue is like walking into another world - the sensory experience is amost trance-inducing. Between wafts of amazing fragrance and the rhythms of hypnotic world music, I always feel my stress level go down a few notches. And the space is gorgeous - filled with Asian and global-inspired decor, fun, kitschy treasures, earthy, designer jewelry and enough luxe, organic body products to open your own spa.I do 90% of my gift shopping at Bagua. The super-friendly staff is always eager to help find the perfect present and they gift-wrap for free!I love the high-end designer candles from Jimmy Belasco (just picked one up for a friend's birthday in a very masculine, cedar/clove scent), Archipelago, and Voluspa. They have the best cards for all tastes and occasions from irreverent (Uncooked is my new, absolute favorite) to beautiful and poignant  (Rumi, anyone?). And I've even scored fabulous fashion finds like vegan handbags by Shiraleah and rhinestone-studded flip-flops by Jamie Kreitman.Really, unique doesn't cut it when describing Bagua - more like completely, utterly enchanting.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2008,1/3/2009,341,375,8,16,14>I might be a little biased in my rating of this jewel in Hialeah but that is only because I have some great memories and live a couple blocks away. Hialeah Park is historic site that originally opened in 1921. Driving or like I do, biking into the grounds is like taking a trip back in time. The designers arched the drive into the park so that you do not see the grandstand until the very end. The drive itself is bordered by huge palm trees and other flowers and trees on both sides . It has always reminded me of the drive into Disney World in the sense that you are leaving the outside world and entering a new one. Fast Fact - Winston Churchill watched the races here after WW IIThe grandstand is designed in the in a Renaissance style that once made it one of the most beautiful racetracks in the world and will continue to be until it's no longer standing. Imagine Vizcaya as racetrack and you will get a pretty good picture of what I'm talking about. Recently, weddings, and quinces have given the old girl some purpose. Quinceaneras in the know will take their pictures here and tell those that don't know that they went to an Italian villa for their pics. The grounds have banquet halls so you could have a party here and in fact my Homecoming for Hialeah High was held here(Ah the memories). My grandmother once owned a cafeteria across the street from the stables (which have been knocked down) so for a long time she was an insider at the track and taught me how to gamble at a very young age. I remember being able to go to the center of the track and feeding the famous flamingoes. I did not know then how cool of an experience I was having. Unfortunatly, the park could not keep up with Gulfstream and Calder and has been closed down for a while now. There is a group that is trying to save it savehialeahpark.com  If you are able to make your way into Hialeah, try to bribe the security guard (a twenty spot can go a long way now a days or you can try to convince him that you might have an event there in the future and want to check it out) to let you see the grounds and I'm sure you will come away impressed.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,1/2/2009,77,119,4,5,5>I've been a fan of Soyka's for lunch, dinner, drinks, and now you can find me there for brunch too. When BVB did not open for brunch until about 12, I headed to Soyka and was pleasantly surprised even though I should not have been. I have never had a disappointing experience at this rustic looking locale. The food portions are always generous and tasty. Unbeknownst to me Soyka offers a brunch menu AND they are actually open early for those of you who want to start your Sundays before the brunch crowd. I love eggs benedict with salmon and not every restaurant offers you variations of the breakfast classic. Soyka offers 4 different kinds of eggs benedicts and I am a total fan.Breakfast was a treat at this restaurant that I only thought was open for lunch and dinner, but everything else was the same. Solid service, good food, and smooth can't be bothered ambiance.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,1/1/2009,352,828,10,20,17>There is no better way to kick-off Art Basel 2008 week then a table on opening night at MIchelle Bernstein's new fresh tapas restaurant,  Sra. Martinez or Senora Martinez in the Design District. It's located in the historic Post Office Building and the former location of the fledgling Domo Japones. At Sra. Martinez, you start the night by selecting your seating options, a table, a booth, a seat at the tapas bar or the upstairs bar. There is also a large table upstairs for large parties. My W selected a booth which was nearby prolific Yelper Rob C. who was already working on his second or third round of tapas. Sra. Martinez's tapas menu includes two sections, a Frio and a Caliente. As our waiter explained, the tapas are served in their order of temperature. From the Frio menu, we started with the Tortilla Espanola (Homestead Eggs, Potatoes, Onions, Garlic Aioli), Pan Con Tomate (Ciabatta, Fresh Tomato, L'Estornell) and the Jamon Serrano (Fig Marmalade, Marcona Almonds). As you could expect from a new Michy restaurant, our first tapas order arrived just minutes after ordering. Of the three dishes, the Pan Con Tomate or bread with tomatoes and a layer of olive oil was extraordinary as well as the perfectly toasted almonds and the Fig Marmalede with the Jamon Serrano. These dishes went perfectly with my glass of Spanish Chardonnay.We moved on to the Caliente tapas with the Croquetas (Wild Mushrooms, Melting Manchego cheese), Bacon Wrapped Medjool Dates (Valeon Blue, Marcona Almonds) and the Crispy Pork Belly (Benihana Salad, Fennel-Orange Marmalade). I will start by saying that each one of these dishes is unique in both taste and presentation and from reading the menu, it is impossible to predict what is going to arrive. If you are not adventurous you should ask your waiter the details on each dish. That said, my W did the ordering and loved the Benhihana Salad that was served with the Crispy Pork Belly but was surprised to discover Valeon Blue Cheese in her Bacon Wrapped Medjool Dates since she's not a fan of blue cheese. I thought the Crispy Pork Belly was too fatty and would not recommend it. For dessert my W and I usually split an order but since this was Sr Martinez public opening night, she ordered a Bananna, Fig and Maple Ice Cream dessert and I went with the waiter's Churros recommendation (Churros with a spicy chocolate dipping sauce). The bowl of Churros could have fed a party of 5 but I was glad that I didn't have share. There is valet parking in front and metered parking around the Design District streets. Sra. Martinez's kitchen will be open until 2 a.m. on Friday's and Saturdays as it attempts to ignite late night dinning in the Miami Design District. For that reason, I'm giving it a Yelp 5 because there are few late night options on this side of Biscayne Bay. Also because there are plenty of other tapas dishes I would like to try such as the Fried Calamari, the 18oz T-Bone and the Rabbit Lion in Pancetta.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2008,12/31/2008,26,83,2,4,4>First visit and my partner and  I really enjoyed it. The most reasonable prices on wine by the glass (and flights) compared to other wine bars in Broward, plus they have a retail store.  Non-smoking. This place is much better and more like what I expect in a wine bar compared to the other 2 alleged wine bars further east on the street.  Wine tastings on Tuesday, plus get on the mailing list for beer, tequila, other tastings on the calendar. Owner working on a Friday night made the place feel genuine.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2009,12/3/2009,179,117,11,16,15>we ended up here accidentally after wandering the Downtown streets in search of sustenance when we were turned away from an unexpectedly closed Ceviche 105 (due to 'plumbing problems' said the sign). we were in serious need of food, having been at JAM@MAM for several hours, drinking, watching a fashion show, and generally being artsy. so off this small group of yelpers went to our 2nd choice for the evening...and I couldn't be happier it worked out that way!we were so hungry we decided to get two appetizers and four main dishes for the four of us and that we would all pick at everything (since everything sounds so freaking delicious), but not before starting off with a delicious bottle of Malbec, Carlos Basso Reservado 2007, of which we had a second bottle to finish off the meal just as deliciously.our appetizers were a delicious brie, spec, grilled asparagus bruschetta and an arugula, prosciutto, buratta (mozzarella) salad. both were excellent and disappeared immediately.two of the other yelpers ordered the Quattro Formaggi pizza (good) and the meat lasagna (so very very yummy). the pasta with skirt steak, mushrooms, and Gorgonzola in a cream sauce was also ordered and was so good I forgot what it was called. a similar thing happened with my order, can't recall the name but certainly remember the deliciousness that it was in extreme detail. I had the fettuccine with shrimp, scallops, and calamari in a creamy tomato sauce - some of the best pasta I've had, period.the service was very good, the staff friendly, the place small and cozy, and the company was EXCELLENT! I had a great time, a wonderful meal, exceptional wine, so much laughing - all in all a top notch evening. thanks to Fratelli Milano and thanks to my yelp companions...I can't wait to come back again!
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2009,12/2/2009,165,258,9,11,12>I think we also went to Buena Vista Bistro with high expectations, and while we were happy with our night, I wasn't over the moon about it.  (I'll reserve that for Michael's Genuine.)  The price point was appropriate for the meal we got.  That alone, in Miami, should get four-stars, but I'm going to give it three to provide balance given some of the other reviews.We had the lobster bisque, which was delicious, and which they offered to split into two bowls for us.  (None of that 'splitting fee' crap.  How nice is that?)  The greens with our crab cake appetizer were really delicious.  The crab cake was OK, and served more as a condiment to the salad greens for us.  For our entrees, we had the braised grouper with mushrooms (a special that night) and the seared scallops with ratatouille.  Now, (I know this is sacrilege to some of you) I'm just not a mashed potato person.  So, I would have foregone the ample portion of starch for more veggies.  I'm sure that could have been arranged had I only asked.  Lesson learned.  The real star of the night was at the next table.  Two of the guys ordered the rib eye and fries.  I'm talking slab-o-meat on the plate.  We were in awe.  Good thing they ordered that, as they must have been hungry.  Somewhere during our apps, they devoured the steaks.  Completely gone!  I'm not sure how, but I'm in awe, nonetheless.Finally, a caveat:  There is outdoor dining listed, BUT be warned that you're directly on NE 2nd Avenue, with speeding buses and cars whizzing by you all night.   (Hmm...doesn't 'Buena Vista' mean beautiful view?)  We were there earlyish, so I had hoped it would eventually die down (and that I wouldn't die.)  However, it didn't.  I have an overactive imagination, and images of those police videos showing someone changing a tire when another car plows into them kept flashing in my mind.  Plus, the fumes from buses and trucks were inescapable.  My advice is to sit inside the small, cute dining room.  Save your outdoor dining for a place with true outdoor dining. I'll go to Buena Vista Bistro again, with my lessons of indoor seating and veg instead of potatoes in my head.  It's a sweet place.  I'm glad it's here.  I guess the 'beautiful view' is on the plate, and in the eyes of your dining partner.  Choose both wisely, and you won't be disappointed.IMPORTANT NOTE:  After posting this review, I've just been informed that there's a side terrace for outdoor seating.  WHY did I not see this?  Maybe, I was supposed to be sitting along the roadside.  I'll keep looking for that existential reason, and reflect more deeply.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2009,12/1/2009,290,370,4,4,4>We must have passed this restaurant a ton of times since living in Aventura and finally decided to feast on Cuban food one Friday night. If you expect to find decor similar to Versailles in Little Havana, you are definitely in for a surprise. Stuffed ducks, deer, and other wildlife line the walls with wooden chairs and tables scattered around the room. Despite dining at a Cuban restaurant, I felt the decor was more appropriate to that of the American Museum of Natural History, but somehow it works.The wait staff was incredibly friendly and prompt. To start they give a basket of cuban bread and butter. For a drink I ordered the classic cuban drink of choice; a mojito. It was simple but still good nonetheless. They also have sangria, so I'll definitely try it out during my next visit.I ordered the fried fish with the classic sides; maduros with rice and black beans. The fish was out.of.this.world. It was fried to a golden perfection that I instantly devoured, but because of it's massive size, I still had to take some home. The maduros were mmm mmm magnifico! Sweet and ripe, just the way I like them. My boyfriend, who normally balks at the idea of eating Cuban food when we go out, agreed that this place was definitely going into our rotation of restaurants. Although I'm not of Cuban descent (I'm half Colombian), I grew up in Miami, so I consider a lot of Cuban fare to be my comfort/soul food. If you happen to be in the area and are craving a big plate of traditional favorites, definitely make your way into Little Havana. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,11/30/2009,487,145,6,9,7>I allowed the "first review" for this place to pass right over me. Although I am a regular here, I had hoped it would stay as much of a hole in the wall as I had once found it. The ONLY sushi restaurant, where you find yourself eating next to people of the Japanese culture; that goes to show you who is preparing the most culturally styled food, with as much flavor and purity as you find with the sushi in Japan. Unfortunately for us all, the place has gotten more popular = price changes and a wait to get in during the busier hours. Although I hoped and prayed, I knew it wasn't going to stay a hidden gem for too long.They do not serve any rolls, so keep that in mind when trying to bring someone for their first time. I would go into the menu but the review would go on for days! They have a "weekly specials" menu, which I highly recommend taking a look at, as well as the regular menu.Open only for dinner, but kept open until 2-3am! Police used to feed on only doughnuts and coffee, because it was fast and delicious.... No wonder you always see them at Yakko-San!! However, don't let this ruin your buzz, they're only here for the food as well..Goodbye Krispy Kreme, Hello Yakko-San!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2009,11/29/2009,224,140,7,8,7>This series is what reignited the inner athlete in me in my late 30's.I was taking spinning classes at Sanctuary 7 and one of the teachers mentioned that she was a triathlete. I thought, one day  when I lose a lot of weight and learn to swim, maybe just maybe I could do that.Long story short, I can not swim but the day before I bought a bike at Sports Authority and decided I would just wing my way through it.I almost drowned in the water as I was kicked and punched and had to be rescued by the life guards - I then after almost quitting then doggy paddled to each of the 6 life guards on duty to be the absolutely last person out of the water - but I finished the bike and the run and I have never looked back.The crowd that comes out for these races is a mix of the hard core triathletes, casual weekend warriors and their supporters but all cheer for everyone - its the closest we in south Florida have to the Boston Marathon Crowd .These races can be done individually or as a team - Kevin F and I have done them and they are fun.So what are you waiting for?
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,11/28/2009,148,183,5,8,6>Let it be known that my love affair with Rik Rak only goes so far as the eyebrow threading.Overall, this is a trendy, hectic and overpriced high-end "multi-salon". Upon entering, there is a boutique conveniently located to the right where you can peruse shoes, dresses, jewelry etc. However, all stations are in one giant open room for all to see and can be a bit unnerving, making them seem a little disorganized (there's clearly not enough space). Oh, FYI - there is parking for Rik Rak customers up the ramp on the side.Someone else mentioned that they arrived early/on time for their appointment and had to wait around. I, too, had the same issue. My appointment was for 6:30pm and I don't actually think I got through until an hour and a half later? Perhaps even longer but I was okay with it because I decided to stuff my face instead. One good thing about this place is the bar. A BAR INSIDE A SALON. Come on, that's a fantastic idea! Not only can you get a drink while waiting for your very, very late appointment but you can eat also! They offer breakfast items all day (hell yes!), snacks (yogurt, fruit, couscous stuff with crackers etc) as well as sandwiches and salads and the like. Prices there aren't too bad either.The lady that did my manicure was not very friendly (probably due to the language barrier as she seemed to only speak Spanish) but I definitely loved the hot towel part. Ah, so nice. The Manicure itself was good, I love the color and for some reason it lasts a good while (two reason for my return). I've never had my eyebrows threaded and decided to give it a shot. Now, I will probably never go back to waxing. My advice: if you're thinking about it - you need to come to Rik Rak. The resident threader is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Absolutely, a nut case but she's seriously the best and is the type of person that will analyze and work with the eyebrows you have to completely re-invent your face.   It's a little weird at first, especially if you're anything like me, you walked in thinking your eyebrows just needed cleaning up. Wrong...apparently! During the whole process, she'll make you feel comfortable by talking to you and showing you what she would like to accomplish. Don't be in any haste to get out of there though as perfection is her key and she takes her time. Very pricey ($45) but I think it's worth it, at least until you've been reshaped.Btw, I saw a drop-dead gorgeous thick-eyebrowed male model walk out of her studio that day. Apparently not only does she work on models but this particular guy was doing a shoot and needed ALL of his hair removed...face, body, legs, you name it. Hence the reason she was late for my appointment. Judging by the thickness of his eyebrows (after having it completed), I could tell that was no easy task. Hairrrryyyy!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2009,11/27/2009,201,337,5,9,7>I have hit the nail polish JACKPOT!! I have been looking EVERYWHERE for a certain color, perky purple to be exact, and I could not find it. So I asked my manicurist where she shops for nail polish and she referred me to Imperial. And boy am I glad!So many choices!!! This place is located in a small strip mall and the parking is just horrendous! There is, however, better and more parking around the back. I really expected this to be a small place and never imagined I would find what I was looking for. The place is HUGE and very chic. Attached is a salon that is just as modern and chic. I believe a lot of beauticians come to this place because of two reasons: 1) the cashier asked me if I had a license and 2) they sell good quality stuff and some in bulk. I looked at their selection of brushes and there are just so many to choose from. They aren't cheap but they are reasonable. The cashiers were really nice, though a bit slow. A lot of chatter with the customers. Their nail polish selection...my oh my! So much too choose from and my favorite brand: essie. They had all the funky colors I love!!! I am so glad I found this place!! I'm going to be returning soon!!!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,11/26/2009,98,163,9,10,4>I  am a stay-at-home/freelance journalist with a rambunctious toddler. After tackling an assignment, watching Diego two times, playing at the park, changing dirty diapers, watching Dora once, dancing to my daughter's fave tunes, reading, blogging, surfing the Web, painting, drawing, bathing said child, you get the picture, folks...I'm ASS TIRED. The last thing I wanna do is cook.Enter Shape Lovers. They deliver low-fat meals to your doorstep.For 7 bucks a meal plus a weekly delivery fee (7 bucks to my hood), they deliver HEALTHY  food to your home. You get a soup, side (usually some kid of rice or veggie), protein and dessert. And it tastes GOOD (just add salt). My fave meal so far is the stuffed plantains...delish! My husband claims it tastes good too, and he's quite "special" if you know what I mean.I've been eating it three nights a week for the past month and love that  I don't have to cook. Sure the food is tasty and healthy,  but what I love most is not having to wash dishes -- praise sweet baby Jesus for this service.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,11/24/2009,587,1627,8,14,11>Ikea-look, Valentine-red, and modern Sushi/Thai/Japanese restaurant in the not-so-hot dining area of Little Havana's Calle Ocho.I was lured to this place by several sources - Thrillist Miami had a nice article; two other reviews in Yelp; and a notable mention in Chowhound. And then I was also in the area.There were several things that were impressed upon me besides the cleanliness and the modern atmosphere that is unusual for Calle Ocho - the spot-on service (every details were accounted for), a wide offering in the menu, the presentation / plating, and complimentary dishes.It's not cheap, especially by Calle Ocho's standards, but it's not expensive either for the type of food that is offered. If it was in another part of Miami, the prices would be reasonable - but you'd get better service and treatment here for sure.The complimentary starter was a crab ochi on a fried thin wonton "chip" was delicious. It is a simple mixture of crab and guacamole on a fried wonton chip but it was full of flavor and a great way to start off the meal.Then we received a complimentary vegetable miso soup - it's a bit different from the standard miso thanks to there being more vegetables which brings about a heartier and healthier taste that still would warm a soul in an unusually cold Miami night.For our order, we had ordered a tuna ochi plate which was made on a bed of rice and had more fried wontons. This was not in the menu, but we liked it a lot as we did with our appetizer version.We also ordered a dragon roll ($12.95 - fried jumbo shrimp, asparagus, avocado, scallions, masago and spicy-mayo) which was delicious and wonderfully made - the sushi stayed intact very well and it was fresh enough that it felt as if it could melt in the mouth.We also ordered the fried rice ($13.95 - onions, tomatoes, scallions and egg) and added shrimp. The fried rice was good and well made and the shrimps were big. But I'm not so sure if it justified the price since I could get really good fried rice at The Lunch Room for much less. If disregarding the price, it did not disappoint.The hot tea was a standard tea bag, but it was served nicely and when my companion was served honey and lemon for her tea, the honey was served in a small cafecito cup on a nice small plate that had sliced lemons on the side. It was very cute, as were the fish-like chopstick rests on the tables, and as was the whole place as well.This place managed by a pair of owners is run efficiently and they have further plans for promotion, including being active in social networks (e.g. Facebook), and starting happy hours.I'll definitely return!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,11/23/2009,723,1088,14,23,19>On my way to a boring 6 inch Subway sub, I walked by this place today and noticed that it has finally opened - I have been scoping this location for months in hopes that they would open soon. Today the gastronomic gods finally answered my prayers. Part of the Patagonia Family stores in Doral and Key Biscayne - this one recreates the same concept, absolutely outstanding beef lunch, great salads, out of this world empanadas, incredible desserts and a mini mart to take home some of these great products. You can also pick up an excellent bottle of Argentinian wine on the way home to have with dinner and family. I for one, favor the Vacio - Out of this world, it is THAT good! And enjoy being the hero in my household when I show up with a box of empanadas, Pollo, Carne Picante, Arabes and more ...The Mile just got a whole lot better. I used to have to ride the trolley to La Estancia, Not anymore Baby !!!! I can now walk out from my office and be there in a second .. or two- So wanna catch me for lunch ? See you in Patagonia on the Mile any given day !
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,5/2/2011,70,117,23,15,11>I'm not a paint balling guru; we came here for a friend's birthday hoopla(that's right, I used the word hoopla). I'm rating the paint balling experience at this location based on the mere fact that I did not die, as I had imagined I would.When we arrived, I quickly noted that our group of 20 or so were the only adults out there with one exception. Picture this: Man in mid 40's, adorned in a gracefully camouflaged suit, wearing a chest vest, astronaut mask, four nitrogen tanks attached to the belt, and an automatic paint ball gun fit for destroying all ninjas and pirates alike. DO NOT PLAY WITH THAT MAN.Since we had come in a party, we received group rates. They briefed us on usage of the rental equipment and when the gentleman asked if we had any questions, I boldly said, "Are the paint balls edible?" For all you curious readers, yes. Yes the paint balls are edible, although in my opinion, I'd rather dine elsewhere.If you have had a lifetime dream of shooting people in the face, or testicles(like I do), but are afraid of consequences such as prison or being in the military- play paint ball. Heck, play paint ball here...
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,5/1/2011,587,1627,5,14,8>Lovely! Pricey but worth it!The Michelin-stars winning chef from New York is making a great impression in Miami with his outpost in la Florida!I tried the ricotta cavatelli, lamb duo, duck confit, passion cake, and dulce de leche.Unfortunately this is a bad review coming from me, because if I had to say anything about any of these dishes, it all would be OH-SOOOO-GOOD!But, yeah... the cavatelli starter was amazing. The lamb duo was just perfection. And the duck confit may be the best duck confit you would ever have - considering that it's even cooked in duck fat! And for dessert, if I had to pick one dessert, I'd go for the coupe dulce de leche.Definitely one of the best fine-dining in Miami!Notes:- Appetizers ~$17- Entrees ~$32-36- Desserts ~$12
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,4/30/2011,233,409,11,10,11>The last time I had been to Jimbo's was not a good experience. It was many years ago and someone had suggested we go here for Happy hour after work. I was a young, single, metro douche and was absolutely horrified at this place! No mixed drinks, dilapidated "buildings", no oontz ooontz music, no hoochie mamas to talk to, and all this dirt getting on my slacks! I got the F out of there ASAP and ran to my safe Sobe world so me and my crew could go and gawk at all the silicone in tight dresses while paying $12 a drink. A lot has changed since then, I may still be a metro douche but being married with child makes you much more open minded about going to places other than bars and clubs. We headed out to Jimbo's to celebrate his 84th birthday party and had an incredible time. We saw Jimbo right off the bat and gave him a birthday card and cigar. He enjoyed getting his picture taken with my wife, and was awesome with our daughter - he took the time to draw a picture of himself and give it to her. Besides the obvious debauchery, I can see why so many people come out to pay their tributes to this gentleman. We left him to his cigar and other well wishers so we could enjoy the the scenery.  This was the strangest mix of people I had ever seen. Even stranger was the fact that everyone we saw said hi to us and struck up a conversation. Next we walked over to the dock, to check out the boats and the view. While standing there we were promptly invited onboard the Okeechobee Queen where we met the captain and "crew" for the day. We were offered drinks within the first 5 seconds of being onboard. Everyone was SO friendly i was in shock. WTF?? are we still in Miami???? We hung out for a bit and went to land to check out the band the Loose Cannons. Thanks to yelp advice, we came fully stocked with food, brew, and lawn chairs although there was plenty of food to be had all around. Jimbo eventually came around and started dancing with our daughter which was awesome. We had one of the greatest days ever celebrating Jimbo's 84th. This place really is a hidden gem and although still a dump, it makes people act funny in Miami. It actually makes them NICE...... Jimbo is a great dude I hope to celebrate many more birthdays with him in the future.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,4/29/2011,180,262,6,8,7>When it comes to fresh fish, I have been spoiled.  I grew up in a house where my dad caught the fish, and hours later it was in my belly.  For that reason, I am very picky about where I get my seafood.My favorite way to eat fish - (and for years, I thought it was the Only way to eat fish) - is the "Minuta."  Oh so many years of vacations in the Florida Keys where every dinner was freshly-caught fish, turned into minutas.  It's a cuban style of preparing it... filet it, bread it, fry it, slap it into cuban bread.  Ta-da!I finally got a chance to check out The Fish Box during a recent food truck gathering.  While it took me over an hour to stand in line, order, and get my food... I am still salivating over my lunch that day.  I ordered the traditional minuta sandwich, and what a surprise when I saw that it came with a TAIL!  Talk about fresh!  You might find that a tad creepy, but to me, it means Fresh & Delicious!  The cuban bread was warm, and the special sauce was ammaaaazing.I also got a chance to chat with the owner briefly - and what a nice family.  Also - did you know the people behind La Camaronera are also behind Garcia's on the River?  (My #1 place for fresh seafood in Miami - outside of my house!)Can't wait to go again!
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,4/28/2011,423,372,10,8,10>I love Bill Baggs Cape Florida!!! This park has it all - the bay, the ocean, the beach, the trails, the picnic tables, the fishing decks, the lighthouse, & even a view of Stiltsville. There are just so many things to do, or should we just relax and do nothing. Wait, what? Restaurants too? I have not tried these yet, because I'm a sucker for picnics. During one recent picnic, a family of raccoons surrounded our table. A mommy with some little babies -- they were too cute. No, really, too cute. They were begging like spoiled Labradors! This issue, however, was solved by Brent B. barking like a Rotweiler. The little spoiled Labradors ran away. And now, for the best thing at BBCF -- da da da da--  the 4 person bike! My family came from out of town & we only had 2 bikes at home. Problem solved by this large canopied peddler. This bike was just too funny! What's even funnier is letting the 12 year old try to drive and almost flipping into the prickly shrubs! So many good times had here with family and friends, and so many more to come!!
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,4/27/2011,675,517,5,8,6>After taking our cute dogs to the park, we decided to stop by this restaurant. Loved the couches , very original idea. The atmosphere is so Miami...laid back...nice breeze...yummy food! Pros: happy hour from 5-7 girls drink free champagne! Extensive menu with good Vegetarian options! Fresh water for our pets! double plus!!!Service so nice and friendly!Menu items tried: Fish wrap with french fries, Goat cheese Salad and Goat cheese pizza. All three choices were really good..or so everyone said. My wrap was just right, tasted fresh and was just the right amount. Overall, a great evening! I gotta start hanging out in the Grove more often.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,4/26/2011,137,64,14,8,9>How have I not reviewed Scottys yet!?This is another place that I can't remember not going to. Shame on you if you get anything other than seafood here. My personal favorites are the dolphin fingers, calamari and *drumroll* cracked conch. The conch is moving towards my favorite type of seafood that isn't snapper or shrimp. They lightly fry chucks of it here and they're nothing short of awesome. Typically, I'll have gone out on Friday night and made plans to fish the following Saturday with friends. Wake up around 10, call each other and say "Scottys for lunch?" That's all it takes. Throw on some very casual attire and meet there for some hair of the dog pitchers and fried seafood. Watch the boats come in and out and plan about what boat we're gonna have some day soon. Then it's off to farting around for the rest of the day, with full bellies and smiling faces. 1 star has been deducted because there have been a few times where we've gotten a pitcher and wanted to order food but out waiter ghosted out for like 20 minutes so we just got the check and rolled to the next spot. I like your food, Scottys, let me order it, please.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,4/24/2011,149,235,9,16,11>$9.72That's how much the bill was. For two people. Who walked out stuffed. With 17 oz of beer in their stomachs and sandwiches and potato chips and batatas bravas. Sandwiches made with serano ham, chorizo, manchego cheese, choripan, tortillas and all sorts of other imported goodies?! It would cost me more to buy the ingredients myself at Publix!That's IT?! Yes. That is it. Their $1 Wednesday special can't be beat, and add a relaxed (and rather large) crowd raging from 20 somethings to full families it's a guaranteed good time. The mini sandwiches are exactly as described on the menu. Fresh crunchy mini baguettes with authentic Spanish ingredients stuffed inside.They lose a star because the patatas bravas weren't the best ever (but for $1, who am I to complain!?), they came with the brava and aioli sauces on the side so you could chose how brava you wanted your patata, which was nice, but I like my patatas pre-bravaed. If you go on Wednesday, I would suggest sending a member of your party to scout for tables while someone else waits in the line to order. There are definitely more people than stools and we were lucky to find an empty table for two in the back corner.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,4/23/2011,210,81,8,8,8>Without a doubt, the best option for dinner on Lincoln Road.  You know it is good when they don't need a hot girl outside, shoving a menu in your face and offering "two for one surf and turf."  It is unfortunate they bill themselves as a dessert spot when the actual food is so damn good.The menu changes pretty frequently (possibly daily).  Everything is fresh, and perfectly cooked.  So far, I've tried a seafood risotto and a grilled hogfish snapper.  Both were amazing.  Each dish on the menu comes with a wine recommendation, by the glass or bottle.  There is also a recession special of the day, which is usually some sort of comfort food, like meatloaf or mac and cheese.In addition to being a great dinner spot, it is also nice to sit outside and sip on a cup of coffee while taking in a good book or people watching.Oprah's fat ass should've tried more than just the cake.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,4/22/2011,165,258,11,11,10>Adult conversations I've had.  Adult bookstores...umm...I've been to one or two.  But, adult grilled cheese sandwiches?  Oh, YES!  As the name implies, this is the simple and familiar grilled cheese 'all growed up' with more nuanced, creative fillings in a convenient economy size. Last night, in a fit of peckishness (and, frankly, a need for alcohol absorption), I had a hankering for something decadent.  While a slice of pizza was my first instinct, the pizza shop was packed, and contrary to popular belief, I don't do lines.  So, I walked a bit further to Angelina's where my needs were met and satisfied by the most perfect grilled cheese I've ever had outside of my own home.  Coming with a side salad of baby greens and strawberries, it made for the perfect late night bite.  At Angelina's, there are a number of combinations of adult grilled cheese sandwiches from which to choose, and I intend to eventually choose them all.  So, five stars given to the worthy adult grilled cheese at Angelina's.  My only worry is my waistline.  As an adult, I know that there are consequences to one's actions.  For some adult grilled cheese action, I'm willing to suffer the consequences.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,1/9/2014,415,166,9,15,10>Best new restaurant to hit Miami, or Miami Beach in 2013 by far. I am seriously addicted to Tongue & Cheek and I am not ashamed to say it! It's been a long time since I visit a restaurant and have back to back to back stellar experiences.First of all, best whiskey sour in town. And I don't mean some bs watered down, bottled sour mix drink you used to get  for free at Bougies on a Thursday night. This is the real deal, baby.Almost everytime I've gone, I've had the pleasure of being served by my favorite waiter, David. My second ( and favorite time) visiting Tongue & Cheek he was my server for the first time, and it really set the tone for my feelings toward this place. Friday night, Ozzy and I decide to dress up and have a leisurely dinner. We let David know that we plan on taking our time between drinks, apps, and entrees, and David provided us with yummy recommendations to take us from one course to the next.  He was honest about what would fill us too quickly, and what would not pair well with what we had explained we were in the mood for. We ended up having dinner for three hours, and it was one of the best dates we've ever had as a couple! We usually start with the chicken chicharrones...yes...fried chicken skin. Let me pause right here and let you all know that Friday night is usually cheat meal night, so I do not feel bad overindulging just a tad. This indulgence was accompanied by a free glass of champagne with my Yelp check-in. And it's not some slim champagne flute, it's a nice chilled champagne coupe and is just so perfect.  On our third check-in on Foursquare we also got a complimentary item off their snacks portion. The presentation is great, and their servers are always on point. From the hostess, to the waiters, to the bartenders.The decor: sexy, wooden, an escape from Miami.So, how do dine for three hours?Drinks: Free Yelp Champagne, Whiskey Sour ( MUST) , Walking Dead, KumQuat Old Fashioned.Snacks:Fried Chicken Chicharon - Just leave it all at the door. Trust me. It's so unnecessarily delicious and sinful.Mid:MUST: Steamed whitewater clams with chinese sauge and ginger beer: we seriously spent an hour just eating this and asking for more bread to sop up the ginger beer/chinese sausage goodness. Note to chef: serve this with  hearty loaf! Our waiter David was a saint continously getting more pieces of bread for us.Main:Meesh: spaghetti and meatballs: meatballs made with beef and veal cheek, I mean, come on now. I ate this slowly so that I'd have enough for next day enjoyment. Pasta is made in house, and it is perfect.Ozzy: beef cheek burger : he refuses to get anything else for dinner whenever we go. Juicy, unbelievably tender. Literally fingerlicking if you're into that sort of thing.Sides: Poutine : this can be a snack and mid, so hearty with the braised brisket and cheese..droooool.Dessert: Just close your eyes and land on the milkshake.We've gone back for brunch and it's also a win! Grab some white sangria, order the  lemon ricotta pancakes, and egg white frittata. You are welcome.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,1/8/2014,166,351,9,9,7>Wow, I was pleasantly surprised! I needed to renew my driver's license in person and although I called to make an appointment TWO MONTHS before it was due to expire, the only location that could accommodate me in time was in Hialeah, or should I say HELL-aleah. I arrived with all paperwork as requested, got yelled at by a finger-wagger and when all was said and done and I was home, I realized the totally incompetent employee that "helped" me put the WRONG FREAKING BIRTHDATE on my license! Needless to say, I was NOT going to make a return visit to Hialeah. The people in Tallahassee told me to just go to any DMV without making an appointment. I was skeptical (I mean, do they KNOW what Miami is like??) but I bit the bullet and picked this one.Aside from it being difficult to get to (ran into a snafu getting off the highway), and having to wait in a 3rd world line for about 20 minutes before it opened, the experience was actually not bad!They had a roving "bouncer" (no velvet rope) asking people what they were there for, to better sort them out once inside. When I explained my situation, he brought me right to the front. They snapped a new photo, processed the license and I was on my way in under 20 minutes! The staff was even pleasant!
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,1/7/2014,50,63,6,10,6>I went here for lunch Friday 10/11/13, around noon. When I stepped out of the car, speakers in the parking lot had me dancing to my own private Junkanoo. The restaurant is quaint and immaculately clean.  Surprisingly, the dining area was empty of customers.  A slow trickle did come as the noon hour progressed. There was a video playing of a Bahamian band. This added to the ambience, but the real story here is the authentic Bahamian food!  For my meal, I chose the steamed conch. OMG! The dish arrived at the table loaded with sweet conch in a rich tomato stew, accompanied with a side of Peas & rice,  macaroni & cheese and a salad.   The conch was tenderized just right. I could cut it with a fork.  The macaroni & cheese was made with REAL sharp cheddar....yummy! The serving size was great. So great in fact, that I boxed what was left and had it for dinner.The waitresses were very pleasant and helpful. The only down side to this visit was the wait time for the meal, a good 30 minutes. I joked that they were waiting for the conch to be flown in from the Bahamas.  I'll be back........just not during the work day.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,1/6/2014,487,145,14,23,22>I became a fan instantly, the area itself tends to get pretty busy during the evenings and x2 on the weekends, so when my friends decided this was the chosen spot for dinner I started calculating how far ahead we would have to leave the house. We pulled up and valet was right in front of the restaurant, a great way to start.They're a bit weird when it comes to taking reservations and like for the entire party to be present prior to moving into the dining area, which didn't give us any problems and I in fact liked the rule... allowed me to pressure the friends who normally don't arrive on time. All our friends had arrived and we walked up the stairs for our table. We had a great waitress (from Colombia so great goes without saying), she took our drink order and came back with some bread and butter preparation they have.The place was slammed so we knew we would have to wait if we didn't have our game faces on so we all began looking at the menu and preparing our orders mentally. She came back over and explained how the menu worked, which in my opinion was amazing! Basically they have 3 price points for entrees $21, $25, and $28 give or take a few bucks, and every entree ordered comes with an appetizer of your choice! .. Easy enough and very well priced if you ask me.We all placed our orders; I went with the fried artichoke hearts and the veal churrasco, which were both great, I kind of regretted ordering something fried later in the evening but both plates were cooked to perfection. Other delicious plates ordered at the table included the eggplants, filet mignon carpaccio, applewood grilled short rib and the salmon tartar. Everything came out delicious and the place had a nice feel to it; for dessert we ordered the churros and dulce de leche flan.... amazing!So good, the next day at lunch several of us got to talking about how good the restaurant was, ambiance, food and service. Will be back!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,1/5/2014,21,9,9,13,10>This review ONLY applies to the bar.  I figured since I spend half my life there, I should maybe write something about it.  Why I go- Dave is the best bartender, and like me, from the north.  He is great at interacting with anyone who sits there (the bar), which is a MUST if you like to frequent bars alone.  Nothing worse than a bartender who doesn't speak!  So..I can order food at the bar, which is the same food from the restaurant side.  I also like the booze, and even though the rare times I order tea or coffee I do get made fun of, they are still available.I like the atmosphere and find it relaxing. Dress how you want because who the hell cares. It is easy to strike up conversations with those around you or do the whole "keep-your-eyes-down-so-no-one-talks-to-me" thing.  Plus, once you become a regular, I find I am at least watched over so no creeps creep around me.  Speaking of being a regular...you cannot beat walking into a bar and they always know which 3 things you are going to order and exactly what you like for dessert. This gets an A in my book.On certain nights there is live music-something else I like. I have yet to hear anything I don't like. My only complaint is that the music is always too loud, making it difficult to talk to those next to you.  Most people who go tend to agree, so I am not sure why nothing is done about it. Otherwise, what can I say? They have my favorite green beans out of anyplace I have been and it is like a second home. No judgment on that last part, please.Great bar with great service.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,1/4/2014,159,44,16,22,16>After my husband and i had noticed a strange smell for quite a few days we googled and found out it could be toxic mold. We set up an weekend appointment (nice surprise that it was available) and then the inspector came out...someone was on time for once! He asked us some questions and spoke with us and then went throughout the home and looked in every nook and cranny. To be fair im not a mold testing expert and I wouldn't know whether one way or the other if he was either but it sure seemed like it. Then he took a few samples and let us know why. A couple days later we had the report in our email along with recommendations for how to get rid of the smell and so on. At first i was a little worried because i had no idea what these lab results were trying to tell me so i called the office and they explained everything to me and broke down everything into layman's terms. It seems like they really have all their ducks in a row over there, I'd definitely recommend them.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,1/3/2014,98,175,7,13,10>Eat Greek is fast becoming my favorite neighborhood eatery. It is so refreshing to have a family-run business nearby with friendly staff and good food. The pride of ownership is very evident in both their food and service and I always leave full and happy. The food is very good and the portions very large. The menu is a little bit confusing because they have different versions of some of grilled meats (pitas vs gyros vs skewers vs platters). My favorite item on the menu is the greek salad. No lettuce, just cucumbers, peppers, onions, tomatoes and olives in a light lemon and olive oil dressing and a HUGE slab of feta cheese. I have learned to always order the small salad because even that is gianormous. There is also really good grilled octopus but it sells out so they don't always have it. The star of the show is the souvlaki, of course. A pita with tons of grilled meat (my favorite is chicken), tomatoes, veggies and french-fries smothered in tatziki sauce. It is absolute heaven.The breakfast at Eat Greek is also amazing. Last time I was there each breakfast included watermelon salad with feta. Yum! They also have a Greek omelet which has gyro meat and french-fries in the omelet! It sounds kind of disgusting but it is the best breakfast you can get on the beach, hands-down.I am not sure how long this will last, but Eat Greek currently does not serve alcohol. They are total cool with BYOB and I have never been charged a corking fee. This makes me like it even more...
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,1/2/2014,124,128,4,10,5>First time here, and I'm impressed, most of the food was very good, the service was great and dinner with a beer for two, tax and tip was just under $30.  The guacamole was excellent, and for $7 you get a small vat of some awsoooommmmeee guac. Didn't like the chips though, too Chili's/On the Boarder thin and weak, if you eat a lot of Mexican you know the chips I'm talking about. The tacos I tried were very good, especially the chili rubbed shrimp and carnitas. I was not loving the grilled mahi or the pollo al pastor.  My mistake however, as for some reason, fruit mixed with meat sounded like a good idea at the time, however no matter how much Miami cuisine tries to infuse my Mexican with sweet Caribbean/Florida fruit I remain, not yet a fan. Overall, good spot and I'm looking forward to future visits to try out the entire menu, should only take three or four trips.  I like that once you know your favorites it's there for a quick stop over.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,1/1/2014,327,121,6,7,5>Amazing little tattoo shop! As soon as you walk in it's extremely bright and just gives you a sense of cleanliness, organized and STERILE! Which is super important. The guys here are so into their craft that they'll tell you how it is. I love that. They are all extremely knowledgable and know what they're doing. They're also super super funny and laid back and I immediately felt at ease and like one of the crew haha. They even have work up from featured local artists up on their wall and I love that even more! I honestly had a super deep misconception and that if I ever wanted a tattoo I would leave Miami to get one because I didn't trust the mini shops that would pop up everywhere or even artists because I've seen so many horrific tattoo jobs. Get a tattoo from Asaad, he's professional. He's dope. He keeps it real with you. he's my future go-to man when I start my serious work.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,12/31/2013,120,68,7,11,8>Just had lunch here. One word. Amazing. Okay, maybe two words. Epic.Bocce Bar just opened on Thursday of this week. Perfect timing for Art Miami as all of you need to go here! My co-workers and I came for lunch. The service was absolutely impeccable. Incredibly attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly servers. Our server informed us that Bocce is more of a tapas/sharing concept, so my co-workers and I decided to try a few of the dishes. We ordered the heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozarella, polenta with rapinni and a poached egg, lamb and goat cheese meatballs, and the rigatoni with fresh tomato sauce and basil. Scrumptious. Every last dish was scrumptious. The meatballs had such a rich flavor and were delicious. My favorite was the polenta -- the poached egg paired with the polenta made the dish very creamy in texture and taste, but the rapinni added an additional flavor layer of a tad bitter - it was divine. The rigatoni was perfectly cooked al dente, and the tomato sauce that came with it --- wow! So much flavor. I could have eaten a bowl of just the sauce. The caprese was also delicious and a really great start to the meal.The bartender, Richard, sweetly sent over three cocktails for our table to try on the house. I wish the menu was online so I could accurately describe the names -- but, you should try all of them. The first was kind of like an apple cider - it was yummy. My favorite was a vermouth based drink, that tasted like a summer lemonade. Very light and refreshing. The final was a negroni based drink that had a strawberry flavored liqueur in it -- it was really tasty.I definitely will be back to Bocce Bar again. In front of the restaurant, they even have a mall lawn set up with bocce ball to play! The decor in the restaurant is also beautiful and adds to the ambience. Very rustic italian. Love this place.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,11/19/2013,284,497,7,10,8>How do I know I had some really, really good pad thai? Not only did I finish the entire portion, which is enough for two people, and used all my will power not to lick the plate, but I also spent hours on the internet afterwards googling pad thai recipes and searching for tamarind paste and dried shrimp online. But first things first. Made a lunch reservation on Saturday, since I liked the menu they had posted for Coral Gables restaurant week. Upon checking in with the maitre dis, he told me that the lunch special was not available on Saturdays, to which I replied it did not state that on the website or the menu. They ended up honoring it, so I was good to go.Started with the fluke tiradito. The fish was super fresh, not too thinly sliced, rolled around fresh jicama/ cucumber (?), in a citrusy soy sauce. Simple, clean and delicious. The pad thai was equally awesome. I've never been to Thailand, and from what I've read online, this version is probably sweeter than the authentic one and lacks heat, as in chili sauce/ peppers. But I love sweet and salty food, with the crushed peanuts, I was in heaven. The fried tofu was also great, not greasy at all. I asked the waiter who the chef was, wondering if there was some middle aged Thai lady stirring the wok. He actually went to grab the chef, who turned out to be a twenty-something American, very nice, shook my hand and thanked me for the compliment. For dessert, freshly made Thai donuts. Not greasy, with sweet warm condensed milk and my beloved crushed peanuts. I could have eaten a whole basket full of those. I am soooo coming back for more, the sooner the better.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,11/18/2013,343,219,4,9,6>Went a to birthday party here and the kids had a blast!!! There are all types of trampolines and other things to do. There is a foam pit plus basketball goals. Everywhere you look there are trampolines. It is a great place for indoor fun. Will definitely bring the kids back again. I brought my friend's daughter a second time around to Sky Zone mainly based on word of mouth by co workers and friends. Everyone stated that it was a fun way for kids to enjoy themselves without breaking the bank for parents.The location of Sky Zone is in an area of town that is mainly warehouses. The parking is in a fence area, but be advise if you go at a peak time, that the lot get full and you have to park outside the fence area.Sky Zone have time frames from 30 minutes to 2 hours. For a discount and to ensure the time you want, go to the website and prebook. You can book time on location,but can risk waiting if they reach the limit for people.If you prebook, the site suggest arriving 30 minutes prior.Once inside, there are lines for those who booked online, groups, and walk ups. While waiting in the lines, there are videos above the counter that shows the guidelines to follow while enjoying Sky Zone.The staff was friendly and will to assist. There are several areas to enjoy. In each area there are monitors to ensure things run smooth.There is a small snack shop, shoe slots area, lockers, tables and seating in the lower area.There's limited seating to view the kids, space to stand and watch.I purchased 90 minutes for the little girl and it wore her out. She had a great time and want to return.Since our visit was during the week while the local school was in session, it did not open until 3:00 p.m. (open earlier on weekends, and summer).
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,11/17/2013,529,642,12,19,14>I wonder how many people have completed their first 10K here, without knowing it? While various actual races are held here throughout the year, this zoo is large enough that one could actually walk 6.25 miles over a long day of zoo-ing. During my last visit, I tracked my distance walked with RunKeeper, and over the course of several hours, I managed 4.8 miles. That's a lot of walking, and lends evidence to the absurd sprawling proportions of Zoo Miami. I don't think I walked that much at EPCOT. I didn't even meander much through the Africa portion, instead basically walking in a straight line due to fatigue. What I'm telling you is, wear very comfortable walking shoes. This is a MUST - otherwise, what should be a fun day might turn into misery, as your feet break out in painful blisters with your car (quite literally, I might add) 1 mile away. Oh sure, you can take the tram tour, or the monorail, for an extra fee. You can also rent those silly tandem bikes, again, for an extra fee. However, as always, the best way to see everything up close and personal is by foot. Don't be a wuss. Walk the zoo. It'll be a more rewarding experience that way, believe me. Also, wear a hat and sunscreen up liberally. I remember this zoo when it first opened, and there were hardly any trees. Then, some grew, and Hurricane Andrew obliterated them. Now, many of the post-Andrew trees have grown up, and there's a lot more shade than I remember, but still, a day at this zoo is going to be a sunny proposition. Be prepared.Zoo Miami is split into several sections, the largest of which are Asia and Africa. Asia can be found almost directly to the right, after passing the famous bengal tiger exhibit; while Africa is a straight walk from the gate, past the Oasis snack bar area. I have to reiterate, this zoo is so big, just seeing everything in Asia alone will feel like a nearly complete zoo experience. The Asian elephants were fairly energetic, standing right in front of the crowd, hamming it up. Definitely hit the aviary as well. Africa is where you find the giraffes, gorillas and zebras. Lions too, though they were not out when I just visited. Mentioned in some other reviews, it's true that some of the animals are just sleeping or attempting to chill out. Think about it though, when do people visit the zoo? They visit late morning, middle of the day, early afternoon - right when the vast majority of animal life on our planet is trying to get out of the sun and find a place to park it for the day. How do you feel, in your office at 1PM? I rest my case. And of course the tiger isn't going to be up to much - ever seen a house cat in the middle of the day? Why should the big cat be any different, just because he's bigger? It's not a criticism of the zoo, it's just what animals do during the day. It'd be fun (and who knows, they may already do this at times) if the zoo offered occasional evening/nighttime tours. Aside from being less hot, I think the animals would be livelier. At peak times, the lines to buy tickets can be a little slow. I would go ahead and buy a ticket online - that way, you just walk up to the turnstile and you're in. This is one of the better zoos in the country - it (and the animals, I believe) benefits from having such a large land area to spread out in. It's also uniquely South Florida - how many other zoos have limestone moats cut from the land's bedrock, and also massive limestone boulders hanging around in some of the exhibits as landscaping? I think locals tend to forget about this place, mostly leaving it for tourists, similar to the Everglades National Park. That's unfortunate, because it can be a fun outing.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,11/16/2013,65,77,8,12,7>I am a self-proclaimed pizza aficionado. When I moved back to Miami from NYC, I found that my hometown was definitely lacking in what I would consider to be "great pizza". Thankfully, Stanzione 87 opened up.The pizza: Stanzione 87 uses imported 'doppio zero' (00) flour which is cradled by their certified pizzaiolo and owner, Franco, who "talks" to his dough. You may ask yourself, is this necessary? Probably not, but it must be mentioned because it shows how every step of the pizza-making process is done with passion. Their brick oven, which gets to temperatures as high as 900 degrees, leaves their dough soft and chewy and gives it just the right amount of char. The blackened parts of the crust gives their pizza a unique and authentic taste that cannot be found in Miami, which is perfect for "fare la scarpetta" - to lick your plate clean (ask for their spicy olive oil). Now when the pizza is made with authentic San Marzano tomatoes and fresh mozzarella, which is handmade daily (don't believe me? Check their instagram), you will find that Stanzione 87 is truly Miami's best pizza.The service: I've been to Stanzione alone, with my girlfriend, and with parties of up to 12. Stanzione can do it all. Need your bill split so many ways that's its embarrassing? Sure, they'll do it. Want to take up 4 to 5 tables and put them together because you decided to bring all of your friends? They'll accommodate you. Their servers are courteous, helpful and patient.The bill: The pizza is appropriately priced; you're getting authentic pizza with high quality ingredients. What is there to complain about? The tip is also already included, which saves you the trouble of having to take out your calculator on your cell phone. If you feel that you paid too much, well then I recommend that you stick to Papa Johns.The owners: I've been here enough to come to know the owners a bit. They're a young couple who are kind, warm and who truly want nothing more than to please.If you have yet to go to Stanzione, then I highly recommend that you do. Everyone I've sent there has yet to give me a bad review. If you've been already, then go back! Their pizza is still simply amazing!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,11/15/2013,619,794,8,12,9>Though I reviewed the kayaking experience at Oleta River State Park back in 2009, for some reason I hadn't yet reviewed Blue Moon Outdoor center, where one rents the bikes and kayaks for riding and paddling around Oleta if you don't have your own.I've come here with friends or out of town guests to rent kayaks a few times, though I've not had to rent their bikes. Each time I've rented kayaks from here (actually the kayak, paddles and life jackets), all the rental gear I've been given has been in good repair and the rental and return has been straightforward and simple.My most recent experience at Blue Moon is when a friend and I came here to do their Full Moon kayak tour/bonfire.  The cost was $45/person if you didn't have your own kayak and needed rental equipment, or $20/person if you brought your own.  There were about 100 attendees total on this night, and it sold out faster than normal since it was a "supermoon" this weekend, the brightest and largest of the year.  After we got checked in, signed the waivers and got all our equipment, we were split into 2 groups.  We got into the first group that left about 30 minutes ahead of the second one.  Once we left the launch area, we paddled for about an hour and 15 minutes (stopping 3 or 4 times to allow everyone in the group to catch up, or trying to gather everyone together before crossing open water in the darkness) before arriving at the beach where they had a bonfire burning away and tiki torches and hay bales set up in a large semicircle around the fire, right on the edge of the water.   Blue Moon supplied everything needed to roast marshmallows and make s'mores, and they supplied a jug of water and cups. One of the staff broke out his guitar and played everything from Jimmy Buffet to classic rock and some country and everyone was encouraged to sing along, but on this night, few attendees participated.  Beyond that, kayakers are permitted/encouraged to bring a cooler with items you'd like to consume by the fireside, so a few brought food, some brought beer or wine, etc.  Following about 45 min. - 1 hour at the bonfire site (where we were joined by the people in the second group about 30 minutes after we'd arrived), we departed for the 15 or 20 minute paddle back to the Blue Moon Outdoor Center.In all, the Full Moon tour was great. It was something different for us to try, and I noticed families, groups, a few who, like us, came with friends just to try something different/outdoorsy, and of course, a lot of couples who were romancing it up, basking in the light of the fire and the full moon overhead, while most likely planning to get nookie later that night after their romantic time here.The $45 was worth it for the equipment rental and all that Blue Moon provided. When coming here for one of these trips, you'll also need to remember to bring $$ for admission to the Oleta River State Park, as that's not included in the price of this kayak tour (entrance is something like $4 for a car with 1 or 2 people, $6 for a full car load, etc.)   Know as well that Blue Moon does have snacks and drinks available, but you'd probably be better off picking those things up at a convenience store on the way as they do charge a bit of a premium for those types of things in their shop.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,11/14/2013,57,66,4,11,5>I'm a meat-eater day-in, day-out... but I never shy away from a good vegetarian and, in this case, vegan meal.Choices is in a weird spot... kinda by Little Havana, but borderline Brickell as well. It's essentially in a neighborhood, and it kinda looks like a bodega from the outside. But, inside it's about as veggie as you can get.Went in with my girl and our server greeted us. Top 5 best servers I've ever had. Really solid dude, who was just very attentive to everything. Really nice as well, and kinda knew exactly what we wanted.I order the Mexican Wrap and my girlfriend orders the Mental/Lentil wrap. We get a side of sweet potato fries.Our food took a little to get to us, and our server acknowledged the wait, and got desert on the house for us. (Awesome!)Sweet potato fries came... pretty standard, honestly. They were baked, which I appreciate. Some of 'em were kinda soft, but it's the chipotle-dipping sauce that was awesome. Made with a soy or tofu component... we ate those fries up like it was nothing. So good.Mex wrap was the bomb. Seriously. Top 5 wraps/burritos (technically, it was totally a burrito).  Soy chorizo was so on-point. The quinoa was the best I've ever tasted. The small sweetness from the plaintains rounded the entire thing out. This burrito was better than most meat burritos. Believe me. I'm not too much of a fan of grains inside a burrito... but quinoa is pretty different from rice... and the way they season it, it's on another level.Mental/Lentil wrap was amazing, too. A little more dry than my wrap, but still full of flavor. I love lentils, and I'd actually say that this tasted better than the Mex wrap. But don't underestimate the mex wrap... it's amazing.Didn't end up getting desert, but the offer was still nice by the server.Choices is a prime vegan joint. Not pretentious at all either.BUT, it is pricey, which I expect from vegan restaurants anyway, but I wouldn't come here all the time. Definitely more of splurge-type place.I'd give it 5 stars, but I still need to try more stuff off the menu.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,11/13/2013,119,115,13,17,11>It's hard to find good BBQ in Miami. Technically, it's in Homestead but close enough right? After two happy visits to Shivers I'm happy to say I found my spot from now on. Both my visits were positive ones. The staff is super friendly, the food is great, & the prices are affordable. It reminded me a lot of Smokey Bones which I also love but they are north of Miami. The Food:I tried the pulled pork with the tangy sweet sauce & loved it. I enjoyed the baby backs too, but my baby back heart will forever belong to Flanigans. The pulled chicken was good as were the fries, hush puppies, & corn nuggets. Wasn't a fan of the corn souffle or the mashed potatos. Coke products so big smile there.The Staff:SOOOOO Friendly. Both of my visits we chatted it up with Cindy & Martha for at least 10 minutes. Super nice people. Service from our waitress was great too.After I mentioned how much I enjoyed the corn nuggets I told her the one thing that would just take them to the next level of awesome would be some powdered sugar. She told me she brought it up to someone & they might actually give it a try. Being open to customer feedback is a fantastic trait in food service even if the suggestions don't get applied. Just being receptive is cool as far as I'm concerned.The Ambiance:It's community bench style seating. If it's packed you might end up closer to strangers than you might want but that's just part of the BBQ culture & most people are friendly or keep to themselves anyway.Overall:There's a reason this place has so many positive reviews & why it is the highest reviewed restaurant in Homestead... it simply delivers good BBQ with a smile.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/12/2013,136,366,6,9,8>Amazing experience! Southern food, aka heavy food but so tasty and gourmet. The atmosphere of the restaurant is an experience by itself. What a food adventure for 3 people..We started with the famous Southern Revival cocktail and a bottle of Chenin Blanc. Even if you don't like bourbon, you will like this cocktail. Try it.We shared the Mama's Chicken Biscuits, the Fried Green Tomato BLT and the Iceberg Wedge. All were amazingly good! The biscuits are two small biscuits with fried chicken but the chicken is not greasy and the biscuit is light and fluffy. The fried green tomato BLT is 3 fried green tomato slices topped with pork belly. REALLY GOOD. Moist and crispy pork belly! The salad was nice, I really like the dressing. It is also topped with big chunks of house made bacon.Then we shared the Sweet Tea-Brined Southern Ribs and a side of Macaroni & Cheese. The ribs were HUGE!! So delicious with tons of meat on it. There were easily 8 or 9 long ribs. The macaroni were very cheesy but creamy cheesy. It was good but heavy with the ribs.For dessert (I don't know how we fitted all of that food in our stomachs) we shared the Strawberry Shortcake. Interesting with basil syrup but the cream inside was very lightFour stars because I really enjoyed the food there. Some of the best restaurant in Miami.Only four stars because of the prices and going there gives a good hit to your budget...I will however be back!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,11/11/2013,2,29,2,7,4>I didn't expect much of this place from it's location, but the family decided to celebrate my brother's birthday there, and I was very surprised with the outcome!The vacio (kind of like a churrasco) was excellently cooked, and came with fantastic mashed potatoes. We also tried the empanada, fried cheese, chorizo, and a few other appetisers, and I can confidently say that nearly anything you pick will taste very good and be very well made.The owners and workers were very happy and extremely attentive, and offering us specials left and right. They gave us about seven or eight 50% off coupons to take home even though we used a 50% coupon that night! Even the wine was cheap, and a table of almost 10 ate for $200 or less.For my brother's birthday, the servers played The Beatles' Birthday over a speaker system and sang along to it for him. It was really fun and a very nice gesture, not to mention the crema catalana (creme brulee) with a candle in it (that was also heavenly).Forget what this place looks like on the inside and enjoy what it has to offer on the inside. It is so worth it.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,11/10/2013,10,82,7,6,5>Gotta say, I love this place, and there is nothing I have eaten here I haven't loved.The best dishes for brunch* are the Big Ragout sandwich, and the lemon-ricotta pancakes. The Big Ragout (served at dinner over pasta for twice the price) is a mind-bending blast of incredible pork-and-veal in a zesty tomato sauce, dotted with real mozzarella cheese. For $9, it's slopped heartily (it's a sloppy sandwich) into thick, crusty white bread. You MUST try this. Mmm . . .For dinner? I love the "Corben," a pair of succulent brisket sandwiches prepared on "Portuguese muffins" (fancy English muffins), served alongside a delicious au jous sauce. The two potato latkes and accompanying dark apple sauce are superfluous, as the dish is already TWO full sandwiches. But it's a fantastic dish nonetheless.Want just a bite? Take in the watermelon-cucumber salad, with spicy honey. So fresh, so tangy!The restaurant itself is set inside the defunct Biscayne Inn, a '50s deco motel that feels a bit like a time warp. The only thing is, it's TINY. If you decide to dine in, be ready to squeeze next to your neighbor and to turn up your hearing aid (j/k), as, between the kitchen noise and the drunken laughs at the table next door, it's very loud inside. The outdoor eating area, beneath a tent, is nice enough when it's not super hot or raining.Beware the hipster facial hair and hipster glasses of the all-men waitstaff. They're hipsterly INTENSE!*It's also worth knowing they serve Panther coffee--in hipster lumberjack thermoses.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,5/8/2013,65,53,7,7,9>Let me preface this review by saying I'm a gamer through and through.  Been playing video games since I was 5 years old.  Atari, Colecovision, Nintendo, Gameboy, Genesis, you name it, I've played it.  Growing up in Miami pretty much my entire life I can recall one of my favorite places to go as a child and that was a place called Flippers.  One of the last great arcades that I used to frequent as a child and hone my button mashing skills.  Flippers went away and with it the thought that arcades were still around... Or so I thought.  I stumbled upon this place totally by accident.  Driving by one day and noticing the beautifully pac-man inspired font sign they have on the front I couldn't help but be drawn in.  I decided to pay it a visit with my wife and son in tow and was pleasantly surprised.  Not as big as I thought it was going to be but it's cozy.  It was very clean and well kept which is a huge plus.  The games varied from oldies (pac-man, donkey kong) to japanese imports that I've never even heard of.  Blacklighting going on and anime programming and music playing in the background.  We made our way to the back and came upon the rep that was busy taking care of a customer.  In that back area we noticed they have huge flatscreens that have different consoles set up for play.  Nice comfy rocker chairs and some of the tvs support 3-D.  After a moment we were kindly attended to and my son and I decided to play some mario kart together.  We encountered some technical difficulty and the rep did her best to try and rectify the problem but sadly we didn't get to play.  She kindly refunded our money, expressed her apologies, and we made our way to play something else.  We played some cool japanese imports for a while until our last two tokens were eaten by the machine without giving us our credits.  The rep (who was taking care of the place all by herself apparently) quickly attended to us, gave us back our two tokens, and hooked us up with 4 credits on the machine!  Now that's going the extra mile.  Final thoughts:  I loved this place.  Such a feeling of nostalgia swept over me as I was walking around and playing different games with my son.  It took me back to a simpler time where I could enjoy something cool and my biggest concern was beating the last boss or getting across the finish line before time runs out.  I can't wait to bring my son back again and check out their future events.  I can't believe it's been around for a year!  How could I not have known?  If you dig arcades then go.  Go now.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,5/7/2013,113,636,6,11,9>Where else can you find animals in a natural habitat (not in enclosed tiny cages), but in Zoo Miami (with the exception of some caged birds)? Where else can you get a bang for your buck, and have over 300 acres and over 2,000 animals to see for less than $20, which is an excellent value? Do not waste your time, gas or money to see the dated, crappy Palm Beach Zoo, where animals are pacing back and forth in their cages -- a sign of neglect.  This is one of the nicest zoos in Florida.  It is not only fun and educational, but you don't feel like the animals are miserable or mistreated.  Unlike the Barnum & Bailey elephants and tigers, for example, these tigers are in shape, rather than fat and stunted.  There is a water park for kids, water mist stations for those hot days, and the option of taking the tram or the monorail, in addition to these tandem-type bicycles with a canopy.  You can even canoe in the Amazon section, or use a water peddling bike.  They host events like the Brew Fest and Feast with the Beasts, as well as Easter egg hunts.It's such an incredible value, that even in 3 hours of exploring, you may still find exhibits to see.  I recommend getting an annual pass, which is a great deal, and is just a few more bucks than the usual admission price, and you can come anytime you want and get discounts on the bike rentals, as well as getting first dibs on some of the events.  Not only that, but part of the money goes for conservation efforts, caring for the animals, and feeding them, and bringing more educational exhibits, so you can feel all warm and tingly inside about doing some charitable work.  Kids and adults will love this place.  As a nature photographer, I can never get enough and find myself coming back often to take pictures of the flora and fauna.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,5/6/2013,336,556,4,7,7>I have always passed Pueblito Viejo No 2 driving back and forth from work, but I have never had the urge to sample their culinary cuisine because it just seemed like any random mom and pop shop located off Bird Road. However, yesterday, I was tired of being stuck in traffic, got a random craving for food, and decided to visit them.When I first arrived, the first thing I noticed was that it was a Colombian restaurant, and good thing because I was looking to develop my taste buds for Colombian cuisine.Second thing I noticed was that it is a visual adventure for first-timers. The insides look like a rainbow threw up all over their ceiling and left remnants of Disney characters and vines.! Their walls are decked out like a cowboy saloon, and when I visited their bathroom, I was startled by all the leather leashes. There is not a spot of the restaurant that is decorated in color and personality. The tables are even enamored in photographs.Third thing I noticed were the prices. Meals were around $12-$26, with the majority in the $15 and above range. Not the place for budget eating.Hungry and on a budget, I ordered skewers of chicken and beef, boiled potatoes, and an arepa for $12. The meat skewers were the highlight of the meal. The pieces of meat on it were huge compared to what I have ever seen. Larger than one bite. They were also very savory and full of flavor. The boiled potatoes were able to be cut really easily, and the arepa was crunchy. I definitely enjoyed this meal. The only downside would be that I felt it was really hard to order food here because my Spanish speaking language skills are not the best. I also asked my waiter what he recommend I order, and my waiter pointed to the most expensive things on the menu which is typical of any restaurant. Good thing I went with my gut instinct and got the meat skewers. The wait for food was also long (20 minutes) considering that there were only three customers in the restaurant, including myself.Overall, a good dining experience. The wait was too long, but the food was absolutely flavorful. I would probably come back here to try their different dishes.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,5/5/2013,43,54,6,8,5>Hi, my name is Melissa and I'm a MTB addict!!! Yes I'm completely obsessed with this sport.  I just started MTBiking about 2 months ago and I wish I would have started earlier.I've had my MTB for a year but was dating a guy that scared the shit out of me.. by telling me that people were going to scream at me and it was very dangerous!!! SOOOOO Not true... one reason I'm not dating the guy. lol The sad thing about this sport is that there isn't a whole lot of places to go :(  VKMBT is pretty close to me and I feel safe when I go there.  I usually go with my brother to different trails, but when I'm alone I ALWAYS go here.  The trails flow and you definitely don't get lost.  At other parks, I must say I get a bit lost and forget where the trails I like are located.  This place is perfect because it's pretty much a big circle.  Other riders have been very nice and don't scream at me or intimidate me when I'm riding... yes I'm NOT super fast, but hey who gives a sh*t.. I'm having an amazing time.  There is various type of trails, but compared to the other ones I think this one is GREAT for beginners or intermediate level riders.  You do have to pay $6 + $1 for additional riders/bikes ... If not park in the public parking in front of VK and get a nice warm up before hitting the trails.  Best time to go.. early early early morning :) It's absolutely perfect!!!! After about 10 a.m. it does get crowded on the weekend.  Afternoon after 4 is good too.  During the week: if you go at 3-4p.m. you might have the trails all to yourself.  Some Advice girls: . Pee before you head over there... NOOOO bathrooms only one port-a-potty in the front that is probably beyond disgusting.  You boys have it easy!! Urgh! Happy riding :)
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,5/4/2013,160,130,2,9,5>I've been a big fan of this place for many years.  Considering the fact that we live in the Miami-Dade metro area, I'm always surprised by the lack of quality fish markets/seafood restaurants in our town.  While Captain Jim's doesn't have the greatest location in the world (sketchy part of North Miami, and since I grew up in North Miami I can call it sketchy), the majority of the seafood is of excellent quality (especially the snapper (usually yellow tail, but sometimes hog snapper or red snapper) and king fish), and you'll also get great Key West Shrimp, clams, and other items.  I've noticed sometimes the tuna has not looked the greatest, but I simply didn't buy it.  The staff is always friendly and helpful, and the best part is that you're welcomed to a nice fresh non fishy smell when you open the door (a sign of fresh fish).Captain Jim's also prepares many solid seafood dishes.  They make some of the best conch fritters outside of the keys, a great seafood salad, and a rockin' smoked fish dip.  The Fried snapper and fish sandwich are also standouts.  Really solid all the way around.  You can also get stone crabs when they're in season at great prices.  Since stone crabs are steamed at the docks after they are caught, you get the same stone crabs regardless of whether you go to Joe's or Publix.  Just make sure where you get them has a high turnover and are not sitting in a refrigerated case for two months before you buy them.  I can attest that Captain Jim's sells a lot of stone crab claws when they are in season and that they should be fresh.Go to Captain JIm's if you're ever on the north side of town.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,5/3/2013,191,19,4,6,4>The best and most intense Yoga class I've EVER taken anywhere: Yoga Mukta with Bonnie on Wednesday + Thursday nights and Saturday mornings. What an awesome workout and a great meditation! It's an hour and a half long class, so if you're feeling stuck in your body and want to reach out of your skin, this is a great one (yogis and dancers know what I'm talking about!). Bonnie also sprays a calming essential oil on your forearm during meditation - so nice! I always walk out of class feeling open and centered. There's yoga every day on the schedule, which is great. Pilates and Zumba are also most days. Great selection of classes.There's lots of older, gossipy people, which may ruin your workout swag, but it's super chill. The cardio machines are great and you can watch the big screen TV's while you work, if you bring headphones. Otherwise, when you pick up a towel before your workout, you can buy a pair at the front desk along with gatorade, bottled water and snacks. They also have refrigerated vending machines with healthy lunch and paleo options! My little brother joined the youth basketball team and had a lot of fun. They have personal training packages and all sorts of lessons, including Tennis! Next door, they have an Aveda Spa! It's pricey, but family plans aren't so bad! And most people split a family plan between two.I'm pretty pleased with my gym.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,5/2/2013,33,25,2,6,3>I've been practicing BIkram at BYF since Feb 2012. I really love the staff and the community of yogi's there. If you are thinking of trying this kind of yoga out, this is a REALLY EXCELLENT studio, especially for beginners. The instructors are excellent, nurturing, and want you to truly understand form and the fundamentals of the poses before you move in to more advanced territory. While the instructors don't deviate from Bikram's dialogue, they also manage to keep things fresh by squeezing in helpful tidbits to make sure you are getting the poses done right.  Sam and his instructors run his studio like a tight ship: no extra stuff in yoga room, no talking, no water for the 1st 20 minutes, cell phones on vibrate, no wiggling or looking around in between postures, no running out of the room, ect. At first, you're like "WTF? Am I in some sort of yoga boot camp?" I didn't understand why he ran his studio like that until I "cheated" and went to  another local BY studio on a $25 Groupon. The other BY studio was a loud, disheveled, hot ass mess, nothing zen or meditative about it.  I couldn't wait to go back to my Bikram Yoga Falls home. Each class is $17 and well worth it.  Sam often runs Groupons and Living social deals, too.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,5/1/2013,227,222,3,10,4>I'd been meaning to make my way South to visit Ed's Coral Castle for some time, though I'll admit that the drive often kept me from doing so. The decision to go to the Coral Castle is a day-long venture if you don't live in the area, so if you want to do it right, carve out enough time for it.As for the castle itself, pictures and description really do it no justice. The sheer history behind it (and the scope of the castle) has to be experienced in person. If you're intrigued, then don't look for further inspiration in my words or in those of any other Yelpers. Just make a day of it and go. Enjoy the castle, the story behind it, the many lizards running around the compound, and the sunny personalities guiding tours throughout the day.From a concessions/eatery stand point, Coral Castle does feature a food and drink stand jutting out from its very touristy gift shop. (What would a South Florida attraction be without a gift shop?) Perhaps the coolest thing about a day at Ed's Castle is the fact that you're allowed to pack a picnic and just eat it on the grounds. You're not charged any extra for bringing in any outside food and drink. You're just asked to clean up after yourself, which, really, isn't at all an imposition considering that you're bypassing they're money-making by bringing in your own stuff. For our part, we sported a cooler with meats, cheeses, breads, cookies, wine, and various other sundries.The Coral Castle is a must for any South Florida resident. The story behind it is endearing, heart-breaking, and even a little disturbing. Pack a nice, cool libation and ignore the muggy heat. It'll be totally worth it.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,4/30/2013,352,456,4,10,6>My husband and I had a great time renting a tandem kayak from BMOC on a Saturday afternoon. I think we just beat the rush of other kayak renters as it was REALLY busy when we were checking out. The staff was really friendly though and helped move things along.The prices for rentals seem consistent with other places I've seen- we spent $32 for an hour and a half. I had never been in a kayak with a seat back, that was cool. We're not experts by any means so we had fun figuring it out in the mangroves (something my husband had never seen!). We were surprised when we came across the bay and loved paddling to the private island. Next time we are definitely bringing beverages and friends!The store had other goodies too like water and clothes. A bottle of water was $3.25- ouch! I really needed a change of clothes after we were done (it was a last minute decision so I wasn't prepared at all) and was pleasantly surprised that a pair of cute board shorts was only $11. WHAAAAT? Yes, gimme please. Now I have a cute pair of shorts to wear while kayaking, yay!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,4/29/2013,190,45,7,12,6>If you watch Anthony Bourdain  and his Layover series, this place would probably be one of those hidden gems you would expect to find on a show like that. This place is small really small. A deli style glass fridge and a counter top with a couple mini table outcropping with maybe 8 bar stools. My mother of all people was the one who recommended this place to me. She mentioned that the owner was from Malaga and makes her own Chorizo, and  no set menu. I mentioned this place to a friend and coincidentally said his own mother also recommended the place and would be very upset if he did not go there with her first. So against her wishes and my curiosity we set out to find this Spanish eatery. I was born in Miami with Cuban parents so not to say, we were greeted by an older spanish lady, could be construed into any one of the many latin ethnicities we have in Miami, so to clarify we were greeted by a real Spaniard. The place as I mentioned, is small, but clean, appropriately decorated with different food products from spain, as many of these spanish places have a tendency to do, like Delicias De España. I specially loved the corky spanish  music (flamenco I believe) that gave the place an even more authentic feeling. Just make sure you face towards the inside, as looking out the window and seeing 8th street, could compromise this vibe of being somewhere in Spain.We had the de facto standard of Sautéed Chorizo in Wine. I had never tried "homemade" chorizo, it was fresh and the flavor vibrant,. For our entre we had the Friday special of her non-seafood Paella. I am allergic to seafood, so it had been a while since I had a paella I could eat. The owner mentioned that every friday they have paella and alternate between the seafood and meat versions. The paella was very flavorful, check out the image I uploaded. This particular recipe originated in Malaga which is influenced by the Moors, so maybe different than what you may have tasted otherwise.We had a very inexpensive, but delicious red wine and topped the meal off with a cuban coffee which was surprisingly good.This place is amazing, its hidden, but is being discovered by those whom are always on the look out for authentic spanish food. Make sure you check this place out before people get wind of how good it is. You heard it here first.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/18/2013,1381,665,14,15,12>Dear Sing-Sing,Sing-sing I DID!!!!  We came here the day after Christmas, and I swear I would have slept here.  We had SOOOOO much fun it was ridiculous!  When my group and I arrived, there really weren't a lot of people, but it doesn't matter because everyone ends up in their private rooms anyhow.  You have a main bar at the entrance that allows for people to sing right from their seat in front of the whole bar, which is great because a little public embarrassment never hurt anyone.  ;-)Then, there are quite a few private rooms.  I think I might estimate I saw about 15?  Maybe more?  I am pretty sure that we were in room 7, but I could be wrong...  There were a lot of drinks...  Anyhoo, the private rooms are where the magic truly happens.  All of those "iffy"-toned songs that I never sing in public definitely were sung in the privacy of our room.  Plus, your setup gives everyone a chance to sing multiple times, versus typical karaoke bars where there are a lot of people waiting their turn.The service was amazing all night!  Our waiter (can't remember the name) came in ever 10-15 minutes to check on our drinks and to see if we needed anything else.  I'll admit...  It was so much fun we ended up with a $450 bill for 7 people.  LOL  Good times!I will definitely come back!  This is my new favorite way to karaoke!Still Sing-singing,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,3/17/2013,221,253,6,14,9>And now, for my 200th review......Lagniappe!Blown away.Once you get out into the courtyard....  I mean, wow.Even though I was physically in Midtown, it felt like I was lounging in a close friend's backyard somewhere near a swamp, enjoying the company of their cat, eating food off of their long-in-the-family loved and treasured plates all while practically laid across their well-but-super-comfortably-worn lawn chairs.The setup at Lagniappe is very simple and stress-free.  There are bottles of red and white wine all around or you go to the refrigerator, pull out what you want to drink (if you're looking for champagne, chilled wine or cold beer) or eat (various meats and cheeses), bring it up to the register where you quickly pay, then take your food to the gentlemen in the kitchen be plated up.  As we waited, I couldn't help but notice the menu specials on the board by the grill.  I saw grilled steak and seafood for only $12 w/ salad and a side.  We'd already eaten or I would've definitely ordered one of those specials.There are also a few options available for wine by the glass ($7), which we took advantage of: a great bordeaux served out of a wood box - don't sleep on the wine in a wood box!  I also checked out a few of the bottle prices and all that I saw were very reasonable - basically at retail, no crazy markups.We were the only patrons there around 8pm so our plated meat & cheese were brought out to us.  We enjoyed a sharp wedge of buttery Hunstman cheese with some HOT (& it was HOTTT) salami as the owner's cat, Banjo, looked on.  Added to the plate were olives and 3-bean salad, a delicious jam, and some warm slices of toasted bread.  Yummmm.  I felt like I cheated the place, like I should have paid more (yes, MORE) for what I received.  I think that, coupled with the gorgeous outdoor courtyard - is what really sold me on Lagniappe.Once the crowd started arriving (and they did - I would say about twenty people appeared in a matter of 15 minutes), the musicians attempted to assemble and play some blues for us but there was a freakish rainstorm (seriously, where does rain come from at the beginning of January!?).  [SN: I was kinda miffed that other people showed up.  Like, how did they know about my new favorite secret place?!?!  Then I realized that it doesn't belong to me and must be shared.  The more, the merrier.]  The party was moved to the interior area which transformed from a pretty empty space into what felt like a cozy living room filled with friends, looking forward to jamming the night away.Unfortunately, my friend and I had to leave so we didn't get to enjoy what looked to be forming into a night of great music.  But I left with the satisfaction of knowing I will soon be back to enjoy Lagniappe.  I can't get that magical place out of my mind so I won't be able to stay away.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,3/16/2013,365,232,10,16,10>PINCH ME.  I'M DREAMING. Imagine Michael Schwartz of Michael's Genuine fame opened a casual lunch spot in the Design District and you could get his amazingly creative, downhome delicious, locally-sourced food quickly, frugally, and without any fuss.I came here for lunch the other day, and I got SCHOOLED!  We had the arugula salad with roasted local vegetables and shaved trugole, and it made me hang my head in shame!  Let me explain--I belong to a CSA (Community Supported Agriculture) so I get local veggies at home throughout the year.  There are certain items that are difficult to use up. The zucchini, patty pan squash, sweet potatoes and eggplant tend to hang out in the kitchen long after all the lettuce and tomatoes have long since been scarfed.  Well, I was up to my elbows in the salad, munching and chatting and marveling at the deliciousness for several minutes before I took a closer look at the roasted vegetables and recognized my old nemeses. There they all were, barely recognizable in their elevated state, mocking me in their herb-roasted glory on a throne of fresh crisp arugula, festooned with shavings of trugole.  A most humbling lesson in locavorism.  And there were other lessons here as well.  Fortunately, my dining companion is Italian-American, and she was kind enough to walk me through some of the menu.  Apparently, Mr. Schwartz knows a thing or two about the Lazio region of Italy and the dishes are molto autentico.  I ordered the heirloom tomato and mozzarella salad, and when it came out, I noticed right away that it didn't have any balsamic vinegar on it.  I was all set to try flagging down a server to request some, when my friend clued me in to the fact that the traditional Roman version of this salad doesn't have vinegar. Ok-so I gave it a taste, and YES!  If you use very good olive oil--so good that you can actually get a flavor and scent from the olive oil, then vinegar would detract rather than enhance.  Live and learn.Other highlights of the meal were fried polenta, rock shrimp pizza, panther coffee, and a powdered sugar confection that starts with a "z."  All awesome.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/15/2013,149,91,6,13,9>I must admit I'm a bit of a Brickell rat, opting to stay around these stomping grounds whenever possible. As much as I would never want to speak a bad word about my beloved neighborhood, there comes a time when a girl needs something more. My sushi delivery was becoming monotonous and I found myself impatiently waiting for a table or for my meal to arrive at the restaurants nearby. Needless to say, I'm not the most patient. I would describe myself as a foodie who doesn't particularly like to dine.Enter OTC- the answer to my Brickell dining dilemma. Quick service, affordable, extensive and varied menu, and always satisfying. I have never been disappointed with any dish on their creative menu. Highlights include short rib and brie grilled cheese, pesto quinoa, bacon egg and cheddar fries, and lobster mac and cheese. While this all sounds quite indulgent, the portions are a guilt-free size so it's perfect to taste, share, and enjoy.And now let's discuss OTC brunch...and I'm not just talking about the food. If you're looking for a place to spend your Sunday, kick back with friends, enjoy some breakfast delicacies and bottomless mimosas, you've found your spot. Bottomless mimosas sound too good to be true? Put a $15 price tag on them and you'll think I'm lying. Overall, OTC is a friendly neighborhood spot with awesome food, great service, and an unbeatable vibe. Check it out for yourselves.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,3/14/2013,321,445,5,7,4>My best advice: check out the website, and whenever Joey Gilmore & The Jeff Prine Band are playing, do yourself a favor and drop by! MEAN OLD SCHOOL BLUES! For the most part, though, and unlike the name of the place suggests, the majority of the music acts seem to play mostly Jazz.There's two things I don't like about the place. Some customers can get really drunk and rude, and there doesn't seem to be somebody watching out for that. Some kind of a bouncer, at least during really busy nights, would be good. The other thing I don't like is, the place can get so ridiculously packed, that to get a drink is a real challenge, and because you don't wanna get up from your seat, because you will surely lose it, you avoid going to the bar yourself and wind up waiting some time before you see your waitress. Of course, if you go with a group of people, you can send one of your friends to the bar, too; so it's not unsolvable, but somewhat inconvenient.I love about the place that it has a sofa and several booths to comfortably sit and watch the show, although you do have to pay to sit in the comfy areas. There are high top tables you can sit at for free, though. If you wish to sit outside, they have regular lower tables outside, where people normally sit to chat and eat food. I've been there twice, but ate only once. The bruschetta was OK. Coffee was really good. I'd sooner have dinner elsewhere and go to Blue Jean Blues for drinks and the live music, but if you need to eat before you drink, and don't want to go elsewhere, it's good to know you can eat there as well.As some have mentioned, indeed, the crowd is mostly people 40+. I was definitely the youngest person there. But if you care for quality live music, this shouldn't be an issue. It's also a good option if you're hanging out with older relatives whom also enjoy Jazz and/or Blues. However, do consider, it can be loud and very crowded, but nonetheless, high-energy and fun.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,3/13/2013,433,329,15,29,22>Finally I have found a vegan establishment that can compare to the vegan restaurants in the San Francisco bay area.  Can you say vegan paradise? I think Green Bar is the closest we are going to get to vegan paradise while in South Florida. Only by chance did I find out about this place. One of my carnivorous yelp friends checked into Green Bar, but I think they checked in by mistake. Once  I saw the name Green Bar Kitchen on the Yelp check-in page I immediately decided to check it out the following day.I had to do some work on an annoying friends computer, who's place was in the vicinity of Green bar. So as soon as I left my friends place, I headed on over to Green Bar for lunch . This place is kind of hidden, it is deep within a plaza off SE 17 st. Once you see the  Waxy O'Connors Irish pub and eatery you make an immediate right into the plaza.As  I walked into Green Bar, my  pupils opened wide like a jaguar on the prowl. I could not believe what I was seeing, this could not possibly be what I think it is. Incredibly this place has a juice/smoothie bar bit.ly/VTsE1r, vegan restaurant, vegan bakery (gluten free) bit.ly/VTqb7k bit.ly/VTtMCl, and raw food entree's all in one establishment. They have cold pressed juices, cold organic beers/ wines and more. I had to rub my eyes, could this be true? They sold organic condiment sauces and other tasty edible items.They have a sample section for  sauces and drinks bit.ly/VTpI51. There is also a station for free mint water along  with free almond, soy and coconut milk to add to your organic coffee bit.ly/VTqvTC.I love the interior of this place, it is chic yet has an organic flavor. There are many attractive plants placed on the tables and walls enhancing the aesthetics of the eating experience bit.ly/VTmI8M bit.ly/VTmL4r bit.ly/VTmM8r. Each table also has a sea salt shaker and whole black pepper grinder. They also have a fenced in outdoor umbrella covered dining area bit.ly/Y5aMm9 . The Feng Shui in this place is awesome.          Recollecting myself I  then focused on what I was going to order. I decided on the Live Lasagne $12.00 bit.ly/VTlbiY and a Jamaican style ginger beer $2.50.  I also bought two vegan rice crispy squares (one of them was topped with mini chocolate kisses) to go for $2.00 a piece  bit.ly/VTlCd9. After ordering I asked the dude at the cash register how long they had been open, and he said about 1 week. I was surprised they have only been open for a week, they seem so well organized, like that had been open for a significant longer time than a week.The sun dried tomato marinara sauce and the macadamia ricotta melted in my mouth, they went perfect with the medium textured zucchini. The pesto just topped off what was already divine to the tongue. Both of the  rice crispy squares were sweet and delicious, the texture was pleasing to the palate, they were neither to soft or hard. The people here are super friendly, my hippy meter did not go off either. While I was eating, I was asked how my food was a couple of times by the workers. I was also offered samples of bakery  items.So it is a given, not only am I returning, I am returning frequently.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/12/2013,49,104,7,7,7>OhMahGoodness.I have been here 3 times. My husband only knows of 1 - the other 2 I snuck off early to work to go OUT of my way to stop here!!!!The donuts ROCK. Like, really really ROCK. The caramel bacon log is a MUST. The S'Mores is a close second. The special of the day yesterday was black cherry - and I got the one with ghiradelli chocolate. I should have bought 5.I went with my family on Saturday morning and we got a dozen different ones to try everything! Honestly there was not a bad or weird one in the batch. Lemon pistacio, raspberry glazed, key lime pie, girl scout samoa, the list goes on. And the prices! A dozen is 12.99. That's close to what the chains charge for a dozen glazed! A coffee and 2 donuts is under 5 bucks.The service is also impeccable. They are so nice and cheery and if they weren't so nice I may have swiped that maple candle they have burning in there. If my house smelled like that I'd gain 5 lbs just walking in the door!You definitely need to go out of your way to check this place out. If you are a business owner, I bet if you brought your employees some of these donuts they would work an extra hour for FREE for ya! (well, maybe 20 minutes... ;)
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/11/2013,291,274,10,9,8>I dropped my ATV off the edge of a 10 foot ravine, the only problem was that I was on it. That was Sunday, by Monday I couldn't walk. Tuesday, I had to be driven over to visit Dr. Grusky. Wednesday, visited him again. Thursday, visited him again. Friday, no pain at all. I have a tendency to hurt myself, I do lots of active stuff and sometimes suffer from it. Like falling off 30' racking and catching myself at the last minute, busting a rib, and screwing up my back yet again. I tell you this to give you an idea of the great work they do. I tried a few chiropractors before coming here, and that was a mistake, they are the only ones that corrected my problems quick and fairly painless.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,3/10/2013,473,460,4,23,4>Great school...a little on the pricey side..but worth it. I was looking into Nursing school and I was already enrolled in Miami Dade College so of course that was the first place I looked into. It seemed like I didn't get clear answers on a lot of things, they were pretty unorganized, and they just treated me like I was another number. Every time I would meet with an advisor I would get different answers to the same questions...it wasn't what I would expect from a higher learning institution.Then I went to Keiser University. I met with one of their counselors who took a strong interest me and career path. The nice thing about Keiser is you will always have the same counselor so you aren't going to get mixed answers...and they remember who you are...you're not just a number. She helped me through every step of the way, explaining everything thoroughly, and made sure that I felt like I was the only student that she was assigned to. Not only do you have your own counselor...but you also have your own finance person. After filling out a few forms..they looked into every possible means of financing school that I could be approved for (student loans, financial aid, grants, etc...). Had I gone to a different school I would have had to look into all these things on my own, and if you haven't done it before it is VERY confusing. They made the process painless for me. Classes are small so you feel like you get much more personal attention.   It seems like the teachers actual care whether or not you pass, in comparison to some other schools. I highly recommend looking into Keiser above schools like MDC and FIU.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,3/9/2013,57,162,5,6,5>You'll like this slice of Little Italy in Coral Gables.  They are located on Miracle Mile and a stone's throw from Lejeune.  Inside looks like a prototype Italian restaurant with red and white checkered tableclothes, dark stained wood bar, blood red painted walls and sharp dressed waiters.  I think I even saw Micheal Corleone having spaghetti in the corner!The food is delicious.  I ordered the daily special of lasagna, which had a nice red sauce, soft lasanga noodles, mild mozzarella and riccata cheese and meatballs packed in there.  It was the size of a large brick.  I cut off more than half to take home and I was still stuffed.Others at my table enjoyed their meals as well.  Around the table, there was the Chicken Parmiaggana, Chicken Lemone, and Veal Piccata.  From my vantage point, each dish looked wonderful.  The Chicken Parm, like the Lasagna, was also way, way too much for one dinner.  The other dishes were large, but easily eaten in one sitting.I'm sure it's tough to find parking around there for lunch, but we had no problem parking on Miracle Mile nearby for a Friday night dinner.  There's a table waiting for you.  Just don't piss off Mr. Corleone if you see him.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,3/18/2009,7,14,6,7,8>Now this is a great little gem. I have gone several times, and every time I go the experience is even better than the last. Now I thought that it may only be me, but I have gone with both my family and several friends, and everyone raves and promises to returnVin Brule is a small restaurant on the East part of Coral Way, and may even be hard to find if you don't look for it. The decor on is quite warm and welcoming, and the art work is just marvelous to observe. The service is always great, considering the have one waitress for the entire restaurant. I have only had one problem there, they brought out a dish that was not what I had ordered. However, the immediately fixed the problem and the dinner was spectacular as usual.This little restaurant doesn't specialize in any specific type of cuisine, but instead boast a variety of different dishes from Italian to French and even a bit of Spanish; my personal favorite is the Paella. The wine list is just okay, but pretty cheap options. You can bring in a bottle of your own if you're willing to pay a small corking fee.All in all I must say that Vin Brule is excellent. It's a great place to go with family, a group of friends or even on a date. I recommend this place to anyone who likes small places with great food.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2009,3/17/2009,211,164,9,10,10>Wow...can't believe no one reviewed this spot yet!! Went here with hubby to see the Gypsys (two of the Gypsys Kings) , and we had a blast!! The Cozy Bar is for the grown and sexy. Nice crowd...age range is 30ish and above. The ambiance is sexy and cozy, and everything is red, red, red...even the piano. During the week it is a piano bar, which I've heard is not really that crowded. But on Tuesday and Fridays the Gypsys perform, and the house is packed!! I would've given this spot a five, BUT, they do not provide tap water. You must buy a SMALL bottle of water which cost $5. I don't think anyone should have to buy water, i think it should be an option. God forbid if you need 2 or 3 bottles. Also, if you go on a Tuesday or Friday, there is a $10 table charge per person. So if you do not want to pay, your best bet is the bar area which gets very crowded because it is small.I highly recommend this spot on Tuesday or Friday...can't cosign other days. Just be prepared for the table charge. Oh, and stash a bottle of water in your bag :)
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,3/16/2009,66,55,3,6,5>I've been to his place a few times and it doesn't dissapoint. Their happy hour is two for ones Monday through Friday from 5 to 9, which is later than most places. The atmosphere is very comtemporary and the location is really spacious. By far, this is the best place in Aventura. The clincher for this place is the service. All bartenders are on top of things and are really friendly, unlike alot of other places, where you are just a number. Oh, and they also have food. Tried a rueben sandwich and it was excellent.  There isn't a cover Monday through Thursday. If you want to chill at a place that has reasonable prices - martinis are $11 - that's really chic, then this is the place for you.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,3/15/2009,14,17,8,10,10>Don't be intimidated by the name, this is one of the few, if not only, boutiques in Bal Harbour where you can walk in with the intention of just browsing, and actually walk out with one or many super cute "specialty items" from Marc by Marc Jacobs or Jacobs by Marc Jacobs for under $100! YES, BELIEVE IT!!! And for those who can splurge on the regular collection bags, clothing and shoes they always have a great selection. Christina, Kristopher, Maria, Lauren, and Luis are awesome, but in general everyone there is always friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful- (anyone who was fortunate enough to be assisted by Marco while he was there would absolutely agree!).Bal Harbour is already a destination for anyone visiting Miami Beach, but this store is definitely one to check out. You will not be disappointed!
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2008,3/14/2009,115,189,7,9,8>i want to marry this place.good any day of the week.first time i came, i had the pleasure of tasting their homemade hummus, which was topped with balsamic vinegar and olive oil .. it might be the best thing i've tasted in a long time.then i had the yemista dish (peppers and tomatoes stuffed with rice, onions and herbs), which was so fresh and tasted like it was cooked in a Greek grandma's kitchen.  other trips to Thira have included Thira salad, grilled calamari, fried zucchini, mushrooms with rosemary & garlic, pastichio, grilled octopus -- all to die for.the staff is very nice and attentive.. this is a good first date place. there is a cute little patio in the front of the restaurant where you can dine outdoors.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2008,3/13/2009,75,118,9,11,10>We stopped by for a bite before Cirque du Soleil and it is lovely. First of all, I had no idea it was so large (that's what she said, oh snap!) but seriously, there are 3 -4 very large dining areas. Plenty of room!I ordered a Portabello Panino, it was delish, crispy baguette, warm mushroom slices, tasty roasted red peppers and melted mozzarella. Everyone else dined on Ceasar Salads, which I heard no complaints about.  I couldn't critique many items on the menu, but I definitely would like to return and try out the: Kobe Beef and Gorgonzola panino, or the Portabello and Prosciutto Torta and even the Angry Sicilian Panino. They all sound delicious. And the bread basket...oooh soo crispy and tasty. And butter isn't served, nor is olive oil but rather a 'bruschetta' topping, a small bowl filled with FRESH tomatoes, garlic, chili flakes, vinegar, basil, and olive oil. It was fantastic.  That could be made a meal in itself so go lightly with it.And who doesn't enjoy a caffe macchiato after a meal? Well, I certainly do and this was a good one. Finally, the market is good. I sampled the pistacchio gelato, it's creamy and pistacchio like. The chocolate display case looks great and the wine selection appears to be nice.I'll return whenever, it's just a lovely restaurant.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,3/12/2009,98,163,3,12,8>Thank sweet baby Jesus for places like Shin. Today I went for acupuncture for shoulder pain/relaxation and saw Chad B. for the first time. It was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Chad not only is nimble with the needles but he also gives one hell of a massage. Loves him. As for the facility, love it too. The ambiance is very Zen and very clean. Meditation music permeates the air, making you want to just curl up into fetal position and pass out in the waiting area.So if you ever need to unwind and just take care of YOU, go to Shin. The center also offers chiropractic services, massages, medical services, nutritional counseling, tai chi and belly dancing. Remember, Chad's the man. Your body and mind will thank you.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,3/11/2009,102,22,4,7,7>I'm still surprise that all of you yelpers out there, did not know Sawaddee.Really nice small place off the road (so you have to look for it).I know that give 5 stars is a little bit to much, but every time that I went there I have great food, excellent service, even the chef came to the table to see if we need help with the order and to check if everything was good.I have to say one thing about this place, and I hope you will understand: Is food that make you feel good. I went there in different set of mind (stress/depress/sad), and I feel happy after.I have great and very cheap lunch there (like $5. and even left over for diner!)What else can you ask to a place.It's small enough for a lunch/diner alone, or a date an if is a nice day, a great place to sit outside with friends.So, stop reading and GO!
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,3/10/2009,278,388,5,10,9>This place just opened up 3 weeks ago.  Great little shop with ALL sorts of flavored chocolate to choose from.I think it's 109 different flavors.  They have cute little boxes to put your chocolates in and they even do cup cakes.  In the store, their catering portfolio shows a pix of a wedding cake made entirely from cup cakes.It's so weird, but looks like cup cakes are making a big come back.  Go figure!But anyway, they're real creative, the chocolate is tasty, and their staff is super friendly.  THUMBS UP!: )
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,3/9/2009,223,96,18,13,11>Thank goodness I found this place....my car was turing into a science experiment. Do you know what three month old french fries look like? I do.I was finally convinced that there is no valid reason for an adult's car to exist in the toxic state that mine was in when I accidently left home-made salsa in my backseat over the weekend. I opened my doors today to the overwhelming stench of onions and habaneros and decided enough was enough. I was turning over a new leaf. My car would enter into the ranks of the lovingly maintained and say goodbye to the wrappers-bags-valet ticket stubbs-shoes-oh THERES that dress!!-cans-magazines-that bill I forgot to pay last week-melted lip gloss-pennies in the cupholder-looks like the car of a madwoman----Days.I pulled into the first car wash I saw. Lucky me, it was the busy bee. (oh thats cheesy) This car wash is absolutely worth the whopping THREE DOLLARS you spend! Yes, thats right. Three dollars for a car wash. Five for touchless. It's really an amazing deal, and very quick, simple and effective. The people who work there are friendly, professional and welcoming.There are plenty of drive up spots at the FREE vacuum station. You can vacuum, use the mat cleaner and convenient trash cans for a thorough in-car cleaning. (which, as I mentioned, was..... let's say overdue for my car) You then pull up to an automated pre-pay station where you choose which features and add-on's you'd like. ( tires, special soap, etc.) I went with the five dollar touchless option, and was happy with the results. simple and effective. And cheap. I figured I'd start small. They also have a hand car wash option. more expensive, but still reasonable. Vacuum station. Zero Dollars. Car wash. Five dollars. Getting the onion smell out of my car? Priceless.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,8/31/2010,73,85,5,12,7>Yesterday, I ordered Brown Stew Fish for the first time from Dave.  The fish was snapper and it was full of flavor.  The whole fish wasn't that big, but it was very satisfying, and coupled with the steamed cabbage and rice & peas sides, I ate half for lunch and the other half for dinner.  I must admit that the seasonings on the fish reminded me more of escoveitch than brown stew flavors because of the slight spiciness (possibly from scotch bonnet peppers) and vinegar taste, but I was still very pleased, and I would order it again and again.   Now, let me tell you about the carrot juice...it's creamy, sweet, and has a little rum kick for an added delight.    I grew up on this stuff, so when I tell you it's good...take my word for it!  There are hints of vanilla extract as well which is different from the carrot juice my dad squeezed from a sieve and simply mixed with sweetened condensed milk, (and in recent years GINGER!) but I thoroughly enjoyed it, and it coated my tongue from the spice from the fish.  I am always longing and anticipant for my next visit to Dave for the most authentic, most delicious island food this side of the Caribbean.  You should definitely give them a try...it will make you feel real Irie!
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,8/30/2010,124,104,8,23,11>Still awesome.  On my last trip...-Jacket for a "White Trash" themed party-Wranglers for the aforementioned "White Trash" themed party-80's Burgundy Members Only jacket-Green T from Express-Silk and Cashmere Sweater from Banana Republic-Oxford white shirt from Brooks Brothers-Ralph Lauren Polo shirt$19!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2009,8/29/2010,165,258,9,9,9>Building off of Maria's review, I'll add that I (being of the manly persuasion) did have a chance to play clothes horse last night at Duncan Quinn.  It was impossible not to try on suit coats and speak of bespoke this morning to you all.  Amazing fabrics, worsted wool lighter than clotted cream.  The 'sales bloke' sucked me in deeper by saying, "It fits you perfectly, but I'd actually take it in at the waist to accentuate your shape."  Be careful, sales bloke!  That's a marriage proposal in some parts.  It was all I could do not to walk out with the sports coat.  The $2000 price tag was reasonable to me after that comment (and two Hendricks cocktails.)   This morning, like Cinderella and her glass slipper, I've woken up without my Duncan Quinn jacket, and a little fuzzy from the nights festivities.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,8/28/2010,904,1293,12,18,12>This is another Mexican joint I have checked off my list of "To go" and I am thrilled I have. It is fantastic! I don't know where to start.. hmm... OK menu... I almost had a heart attack of happiness when I opened the menu and saw "COCHINILLA PIBIL". This dish, next to Chilaquiles are by far my two favorite Mexican dishes, yet here in Miami rarely do I ever see either on a menu. Once over my shock of happiness, we all ordered and Michelle got a huge Guacamole which was by far perfect. The price was not bad since it was pretty large. $6 for a nice sized Guac. Good Job. I ordered a small beef soup (thinking it was going to be a cup) and 3 tacos de Cochinilla Pibil. $4 for the soup and $6.50 for the tacos. The soup came out and it was very, very large. I was confused thinking I ordered large instead of small, it was chock full of veggies, beef and was absolutely FANTASTIC in this cold weather. Perfection in a bowl. Now for the "Piece de Resistance" and my taquitos. I have found what my heart desires, the Cochinilla Pibil was seasoned divinely! Wow.. that is all I can say, I know the eloquence of said word is laughable but seriously it just sums it up. The only reason it didn't get five stars was service. Our server was sweet, however we did have to call him over a few times. I am going back today to take my family... yuuuum.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,8/27/2010,361,288,8,10,9>As the only bar open past 1am on Key Biscayne, unless you want to stay at home, Ibis is your best bet for a safe night out in the village. Saturday night is karaoke night and who doesn't love seeing someone  resembling their mom try to belt out Kelly Clarkson? I'm not suggesting driving to Ibis if you aren't already on the key, but it is a fun place to kick back and relax.Tucked away from Crandon (behind Starbucks) the venue isn't large, but the lounge chairs are comfortable and the dance floor is spacious enough for an intoxicated man in his 60s to perform an interpretative dance without bumping into anyone. While most of the action happens inside, the party doesn't end there. There are a smattering of tables and bar stools outside where groups of friends can leisurely catch up. George, the owner, is very attentive to his patron's needs and the bar staff is equally as friendly. If you are staying at the Ritz and want to see locals in their natural habitat, I'd recommend venturing out of the compound and down the street to Ibis.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,8/26/2010,73,61,8,9,8>I should have let my friends drag me out here sooner. Any place that can make a chicken gizzard not only tolerable but actually kind of delicious deserves a shot. Izakaya is like Dim Sum's refined but really cool cousin that went to boarding school in the alps, reads Kafka and knows her way around a glass of scotch but still pre-games in the parking lot with a quart of OE. The most effective way to enjoy Hiro's Yakko San is to bring a few adventurous friends along for the ride and arrive on an empty stomach. My first bite at Yakko-San was preceded by applause and cheers as this particular dish, the Spicy Tuna Harumaki, is extremely exclusive (they only prepare five per day) and more often than not on the dry-erase board, among a list of menu items that are unavailable. The little roll packs a delightful punch and I especially recommend it to those that can't begin a Japanese meal without plowing into a Wakame salad. As much as I'd love to wax bad-assery to you all, I must confess I was hesitant to try the chicken gizzard but I'm glad I did. It's a chewy little morsel, served cold, which I normally find a bit off-putting with savory bites, but it worked harmoniously with the taste and texture in this instance. Other worthy mentions:- Crispy bok choy with garlic soy dressing. Salty, leafy, crispy and absolutely addictive. - Tempura shrimp spicy mayo. This item must have been created just for me. The shrimp was like a tiny lobster and its tempura jacket retained its crunchiness despite the generous slathering of spicy mayo (have I mentioned that this is one of the Greatest Condiments Ever Created?).I wasn't wild about the fried clam. It was too fishy, but I'm willing to give it another chance as I've heard it's usually very good. Wasn't loving the Shoyu ramen either but that was a matter of personal taste as my fellow diners liked it enough to take it home so we'd have room for dessert.Oh, dessert. Unf. Once again, I was extremely skeptical about the Japanese sweet potato ice cream that my friend ordered, and once again, was delightfully surprised. The Volcano was another strange and wonderful selection with creamy ice cream, cookies and a chocolatey-sweet, starchy bean soup. I ordered the fried cheesecake roll which I savored slowly, with every bit of rapturous satisfaction you'd imagine. Overall, I was really impressed with the great service, the reasonable price and of course, the yum. I can't even figure out what to make for dinner now because I'm not talented enough to come up with something that could compare. I should just chug a glass of water and go to sleep before I embarrass myself.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,8/24/2010,420,662,5,13,11>After reading Sabrina's recent review, I was shocked we hadn't stumbled upon this place yet, bar aficionados that we are! And in our own neighborhood!  So, we made a beeline after I read "locals' watering hole" - words after my own heart.It's a down a little ways from the usual Grove spots, hence why we'd never seen it before. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon, smack in the middle of happy hour, as friendly regulars and local bikers were just getting into their groove.We sat outside on the comfy couches, and sipped a variety of drinks. Half off - how can you beat that?!?! We met some - characters - for sure, and enjoyed their company immensely. We also met the adorable old man Sabrina referred to in her review, and his little pooch. Omg, love at first site - an adorable little lion-headed doggie that rides on his daddy's bike.We has some coconut shrimp and fries with a truffle seasoning of some kind - really tasty. I def could have eaten more, but we were trying to stay under budget - hence happy hour.What is it about biker bars that is sooooo comfortable? Whatever it is, I love it. Chalk up another fave.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,8/23/2010,151,175,11,18,15>I came out here with a friend who had raved about their ice cream. As soon as I walked in I instantly remembered having been here before as a kid. There's something about ordering ice cream at an ice cream parlor that brings out the kid in me. I quickly decided that I'd try the lychee flavored ice cream on the giant, chocolate covered waffle cone. You only live once right? The two girls behind the counter were quick to serve and friendly. There were a few college aged "kids" sitting inside chatting it up. We decided to sit on the benches outside and enjoy the cool evening. The portions they serve were huge! Talk about getting a lot of bang for your buck. This was the first time trying lychee ice cream and it was great. The ice cream was soft and sweet and I was in my own little world as I finished it. The price for the cone was pretty cheap considering how big it was. I can't believe I had forgotten how much fun you can have by simply going to the ice cream parlor. If I lived within walking distance to this place I'd look like Jared before he discovered Subway. After I polished off my cone, I asked the staff if I could use their employees-only restroom and they were nice enough to say yes. Instant customer for life! You really can't beat this place with a stick!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,8/22/2010,1489,1675,11,22,15>Outstanding, Superb, Delicious, oh my could go on forever. A friend told us about this hidden treasure. I could not believe it had not been reviewed. Located in Sunny Isles in a condo development. You see the sign, turn to get into the parking lot and there is a gate with security. You say you are going to the restaurant and they let you right in. FREE parking, and plentiful. You drive around the corner and it sits back in the courtyard behind the pool overlooking the ocean. They have a huge covered tiki hut for outdoor seating while also having a very nice inside dining area. We chose to sit outside and take in the beautiful views. As you sit here, you feel like you are in a resort. They have a round bar behind the pool area surrounded with glass windows. What a great place to live, work on your tan and cocktails and some great food if you get hungry. Yes, they open at 11:00 AM. Nice! Paulo, the owner came over to greet us and start us with some still or sparkling water. This is a family run business. Born and raised in Italy Paulo runs the restaurant with his sister. As I was looking over the wine menu, he returned to tell us about the evening specials. I was looking for a particular type of wine not on the menu so he rushed off and said "let me see what we might have". He came back with two choices with the bottles in his hand. Perfecto, yes we will try the 2006 Vino Noble Montepulciano. Right by his side was a young lady filling our water, and bringing us Foccacia bread with oil and vinegar. Excellent bread and good fresh oil. We started with a ceasar salad and an order of Calamari. The salad was awesome. Fresh crisp lettuce, great homemade dressing and very good croutons. If it had anchovies in it (which I forgot to ask for) this would have been one of the best ceasar salads I have ever ate. Next, the calamari brought tears to my hubby's eyes. His family owned Italian restaurants his whole life where his mother and father did all the cooking. This calamari was identical to his mother's. Not breaded like 99% of places. They make it with a touch of milk and flour only. He was in heaven eating this, brought back his mother's memories. It came with marinara on the side which was excellent, yay not sweet just perfect tasting marinara. Also in with the calamari were some grilled zucchini, that was terrific. Entree: Hubby ordered one of the specials for the evening which was Lasagna, made with veal and meat. He knew if it was not on the menu it was made fresh and not sitting around for five days. I can not even describe how good this dish was. Good size portion, Parmesan cheese drizzled on top, excellent flavor, this was perfection. My dish consisted of Chicken with ham and mozzarella cheese on top with potatoes. So, I am already almost full but when this dish came out with the way it looked I dug right in. I did not even need to use a knife as the chicken was so moist and tender it just cut right apart with my fork. Yes, it had great flavor, good quality mozzarella and ham, very moist and flavorful, potatoes were excellent as well. After a few bites I had to stop eating and take the rest home. Oh believe me I could have ate the entire dish because it was that good, but between two bottles of wine, water, bread, salad, oh my I was stuffed. The menu has great selections from appetizers, salads, pasta, chicken, veal, osso bucco, sure to please any taste. Between the service, the quality of the food, the attention you are given in this beautiful serene place it was an enjoyable night. As nightfall approached we sat at the bar to finish our wine. What a romantic place! So beautiful looking out and hearing the waves. You can not get this experience anywhere else. The prices were very reasonable most entree's were $15- $28. Huge amounts of excellent food. I will be dreaming of this place and looking so forward to going back. All I could think about was what a perfect place for an event. Hint, hint...LOL I will tell everyone about this restaurant as it was that good. You made me a HUGE fan, and you will see us again, very soon. One of the BEST Italian restaurants in South Florida, no doubt. Thank goodness we do not live that close, we would be there daily. Desserts looked amazing, next time. Plus there were quite a few dishes I must try, eggplant, and a seafood dish that looked scrumptious at the table next to us. What an amazing treat to have found this place. Go, go now, you will love it.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/9/2010,8/21/2010,969,161,31,20,22>The quick and dirty guide to T-road in 600 words or less --Dealing with their valet service is more agonizing than going blind from gonorrhea but you don't have to attempt to park your Hummer in a space meant for a Smart car. Your friends won't have to endanger their lives trying to cross the street to hold a spot for you while you make a U-turn. Spaces in Brickell are scarce, but there's no need to bang your head on the steering wheel in frustration; the lot is theirs and it's secure.The food specials come with a mandatory 2 drink minimum for the specials, but don't worry it's like the Florida law against sodomy; it's dirty but rarely enforced. Daily Lunch Break: some random thing on their menu is $5, including fries and pop, from 11:30-2:30. Monday, all you can eat wings for $12. Tuesday, Maine lobster with taters and slaw for $13. Thursday, all-you-can-eat ribs for $11.Every Friday you can celebrate T-Road's birthday and the give you presents, in the form of drink specials. Back in 2K8 they had 96¢ drinks...ANY and ALL DRINKS (including a BBQ ticket) for 96 minutes starting at 6pm. After I went there every Friday for 6 months straight with all of my friends, they started to notice their profits dwindling. Now it's 99¢ for 99 minutes with select "premium" drinks going for $1.98. Every year it gets better and worse. It costs 1¢ more, but also adds a minute. That means that at my retirement party in 2044, drinks will cost $1.32 and will last 2 hours and 12 minutes. You're all invited.During nights when Tobacco offers live entertainment you can catch a glimpse of the Endangered Miami Caucasian. Their natural habitat is outside while listening to live music and Tobacco offers both. It can be any style (blues, rock or reggae) and it can be anywhere (upstairs, patio or outside). Late-night at the front door there's usually someone's girlfriend or a part-time personal trainer charging $10 cover. I bypass the front and head for the hallway between them and Indochine. See the bouncer at the back door and say, "Remember me? I went to put money in the meter." He'll pretend he didn't forget you and you'll pretend you're not stealing food out of the mouths of the touring musicians.The staff let me get away with just about anything...except for that one time I wanted to sacrifice a virgin during the Summer Solstice...they had to say something about that. I guess it was that county ordinance banning male nudity. One of the few times I've been drunk in my life, I started calling one of the servers "Me So Horny" because she has a vague resemblance to an actress in Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket.Now I don't know if it was too loud, or if she was ignoring my blatantly offensive remarks, or  has a similar sounding name like, Mei-Seo Huan Ni, but she's just about the most flexible and compliant server ever. I celebrated my 30th birthday pub crawl there, and we were so loud that she opened the usually closed 2nd floor for us. Unlike Tarpon Bend that kicked us all out on my 29th birthday for disturbing the dining patrons.It's a dive and it isn't necessarily cheap, except during happy-hour, but I'm willing to bet you'll enjoy the oldest bar in Miami. Especially when you're there for 98 minutes en route to Blackbird Ordinary.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,2/4/2011,120,48,7,10,8>My newly found obsession with food trucks cannot be okay.  If anyone knows of a 12-step program or something of the like let me know; I'm sure I'm driving all my friends NUTS with, "food truck X is here today, lehhhgo!"  So, when I called Jay K up to join me at the Launch Arte fair in midtown last Saturday, he didn't hesitate.We got there kind of late in the afternoon--around 2pm and walked around Launch Arte to see what else was there.  Secretly, I had already made my mind up the Ms. Cheezious was gettin' mah  money.  Once it was decided we would both eat here, then the real decisions began...what to get??  I'm a full on turophile (yes, that is an actual word) so the decision was not an easy one.I eventually chose the goat cheese and prosciutto while my buddy got the blue cheese and bacon.  Which was awesome for me because that was my 2nd choice, therefore ensuring me at least a bite of additional delicious.  The timing was perfect and it came out hot and gooooooooey.I really enjoyed my buddy's blue cheese and bacon--I think it would actually be perfect to accompany their tomato soup.  But, but, but, my goat cheese and prosciutto was OUT OF THIS WORLD!  A little arugula and tomato was thrown in on a marble rye.  DAMN.  If you're still thinking about a sandwich nearly 5 days later, you know it was good!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,2/3/2011,304,163,11,16,9>Gumby goes to the sauna.I'm a newbie to Bikram but so far I'm a huge fan. Here's what to expect, for all you first timers: Before you even step foot into the studio, make sure you've hydrated well before class. In fact, if you're even considering taking a class, start sipping water now. You'll be detoxing and sweating the minute you step in to the room. Bring your own mat and a LARGE water to class. You can rent towels from the studio, which I suggest. You'll want to lay a towel on top of your mat since you'll be sweating up a storm. The room feels like you're hotboxed in a car in the middle of August in Miami. Humid, hot, sticky and the perfect environment to focus for 90 minutes on you, yourself and your perspiring body. Expect to see ridiculously good looking people looking ridiculously sexy while glistening and doing perfect poses. As well as us normal humans who are struggling, hot sweaty messes. Despite the level of expertise, everyone experiences that same amazing release at the end of class. Fully detoxed, stretched out and relaxed. I love going on the weekends as a good way to unwind after a long week and to get mentally prepared for the next.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,2/2/2011,100,69,7,9,7>Another great restaurant in the design district. I came the other night with a friend and we both left very satisfied.  I love that you can enjoy the place if you want dinner or if you just want to unwind with a few cocktails, you can do that too. There are plenty of areas to sit outdoors and the ambience is great. Good music, not too loud and a pretty good crowd. Spicy -- Seafood Lasagna. My friends have talked this dish up a lot -- so I said lets go for it. They were right! Shrimp, scallops, squid, fish, all in crab meat lobster sauce. O-M-G! Every bite was an explosion of flavors, especially with all the different types of seafood.My friend ordered the pollo ai pomodori sechhi -- basically chicken with sundried tomatoes, marsala sauce and mashed potatoes. He enjoyed his dish alsoMedium -- Calamari -- they were okay nothing out of this world. The dish also had zucchini. The sauce however was very good. I would still pass and go for some of the other appetizersMild -- lighting  -- we sat outside and it was a bit dark, hard to see my food a little but maybe it was just where we sat?I can't wait to come back and try some of the other items on the menu!
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,2/1/2011,156,245,7,14,9>OH.MY.GOSH!!!I now understand the saying "a kid in a candy store" except I'm not a kid and this isn't really a candy store.  I was overwhelmed with the amount of options there are - ice cream, shakes, soft serve, a flavor swirl soft serve, cookies, sundaes, etc!!  And the flavors!!  Creamsicle!  Strawberry Truffle!  Cake batter!  The guy behind the counter was very helpful in helping me decide - small cake batter soft serve with sour patch kids on top please!The prices seemed very reasonable plus they offer a frequent customer card.  We went on a hot Friday afternoon after the first week back to school so needless to say it was BUSY!!  But the lines moved quickly and like I said - you'll need time deciding on what deliciousness to order!Thankfully for my waistline, the parking situation isn't great but all the more reason for me to walk there!  Also, cash only.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2010,1/31/2011,534,839,4,10,7>You need a plan.When you come here, you need to bring friends and discuss what you want to order before hand. If you do it right, you can try almost everything on the menu.That is the beauty of small plates.I can see how some people, who didn't order enough variety, could have a hit or miss experience. The service was wonderful and the atmosphere is great.Standouts: Bacon wrapped datesOxtail (my 20 month old LOVED the leftovers)Croquettas (risotto and chicken liver)French toast & ice cream desertThe ceasar salad (the crutons wer warm, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside with a little quail egg inside one of them)Brussel sprouts served with a fried egg on top and a mustard sauce.Good, but wouldn't order again:Sweetbreadmushroomskale (I think I'm just not a kale person)The chinese short ribs (** but the cole slaw served on the side was the best I have ever tasted.)Wasn't a fan of the chicken liver.Would definitely come again, but with a small army of friends so we can try the rest of the menu.And they do update their menu constantly so you can always try something new.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,1/30/2011,415,166,16,12,13>When a craving comes along, you must Whisk it.For a yummy time at lunch, you must Whisk it!Whisk it, (watoosh!) Whisk it Good!Have you ever high-fived a million angels? I have. I believe it happened shortly after I bit into a date stuffed with gorgonzola cheese, and wrapped in bacon.  It happened again when I had the shredded  cheddar, parmesan, pimento, scallion spread with  the dusted garlic toast points.By the time I got around to actually ordering my amazingly delicious entree - 2  burritos stuffed to the brim with pulled pork-lechon style, jasmine rice, black beans, pico de gallo, sliced avocado, cilantro & sour Cream .. I could  only take down one burrito, and was pretty sad to be too full to keep eating. I felt as stuffed at the overflowing burrito in front of me. I literally pouted that I couldn't  fit anymore!So, how good was it?I was back that night for New Year's Eve takeout .and a few days later for their daily special, Shrimp and Grits. (I'm a city girl with a Southern Heart, what can I say?)Basically, it's growing to an addiction of dangerous proportions, but the food is worth it. I love that it is local, fresh, and the location is cozy enough for a good lunch time or dinner gathering.Parking-well- the gates to Heaven come at a price. Prepare to battle it out with the Parking Vultures or do some walking.Believe the hype. Believe the glory. and leave room for dessert!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,1/29/2011,124,104,8,12,7>This is my favorite thin crust pizza in Miami....hands down.  Unlike most pizza here, the cheese is boldly flavorful, there is plenty of sauce, and the crust is good enough to eat on its own.  I haven't had any other food here, so I really need to give the rest a try.  Also, the $8.99 X-tra large cheese special on Mon-Thurs for pickup is a hell of a deal.  The focaccia is also a great side to check out as well....it's homemade and crispy and topped with olive oil and garlic. While this pizza might not rank in the top of pizzas in the world, and though I do happen to be especially critical in my review of pizza in general , this place is 5 stars for here...the best you can get anywhere around.  They also run a free pizza, every week, for a year, contest that I will win one of these days!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,1/28/2011,278,388,5,10,9>If you look up 'dive bar' in Websters, I'm pretty sure there's an illustration of The Ukulele in  there.I've pased by The Ukulele bar on Biscayne(just between Miami Shores and N. Miami) hundreds of times and I've always wondered what it was like.The entrance is around back, so when you drive past it on Biscayne; you don't really get to see people coming in and out of it and the windows are small and mostly obstructed so it's hard to get a glimpse of anything.But if you want a cheap beer in an ubber casual atmosphere with a salty yet friendly crowd, come check it out for yourself.An added and recent draw is that Jefe's Fish Taco truck often parks right across the street on most evenings.Read my review for Jefe's here  : pyelp.com/biz/jefes-origi…
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,1/27/2011,314,746,7,15,13>So, I have another sandwich crush....the Rabbit (its not rabbit, it's the veggie sandwich). This sandwich is sooo good! Cheese, tomato, avocado, lettuce, vinaigrette... I think there was more but those flavors stood out. Definitely get it on the roll (it's a sweet tasting bread). They were out of carrots this last time I got it and they suggested pickles on it instead....it was so freakin' good with the pickles on it I told them they should consider changing the menu so it always comes with pickles! The pickles are spicy though, so he's afraid of the spice haters....so, if you like the spice, get the pickles!!!!I also really like the shrimp po boy. Yummy shrimp, great sauce and a good chewy roll. What's not to love?
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,1/26/2011,202,134,8,13,10>Dark, shady, & in the middle of nowhere- exactly what I was looking for on this particular night. My good friend needed a drink and a place to forget it all, and Cafeina definitely delivered!Thanks to my trusty iPhone I had no problem finding this place even though I'm sure glad my husband was with us. He did wonder where on earth I was taking him & what I had gotten him into, but once we stepped inside all his fears were finally allayed. The place is trendy and full of young hip locals, which is a nice change to the crowds you find at the beach. We got there around 9:30 & didn't have a reservation but the hostess said we could sit at the bar. Although at first we weren't too keen on the idea, as the night progressed I thought it was the best place to be (it was rainy that day so the patio wasn't open). I started off with their famous Cafe con Leche martini which is made with pure alcohol- even the espresso is infused with it- and it was stupendous!! We ordered several other drinks as well and we were able to score free shots thanks to the bartender, Rob- he even shared a few with us as well. He was fun to talk to and mixed us up some pretty amazing stuff. As for food, the best are the stuffed dates- they flew off the plate!!! The goat croquettes were just ok, nothing to write home about, and the sliders were pretty good as well. The DJ did a great job with the music and the place had lots of energy without that South beach clubby vibe. It's definitely a place I will come back to! Oh and make sure to check out the bathroom!By the way, Valet is complimentary- just make sure to tip the attendant.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,12/3/2011,137,64,12,15,12>Like all kids who grew up in Miami and attended public schools, Crandon Park was a regular field trip venue. Since it's on the beach, all of the trips I was a part of were water-based(like the paint).The best trips are the ones that are organized by the Nature Center. My favorite is the one where they give you rectangular nets on a pole and send you out into the shallow water to drag the nets though the turtle grass. Sidebar: turtle grass is an extremely fragile and important part of the marine ecosystem. It serves as an estuary for nearly all of the underwater inhabitants of Biscayne Bay and the shallow waters of the Atlantic Ocean. It provides a food source for all the little baby fishes and crabs and shrimps, etc, but even more importantly, they use the thick grass to hide from larger predators. Seafood isn't just tasty to humans.So they give you these nets, you drag them through the turtle grass and scoop up all of these cool little sea creatures. You dump them in a bucket, poke at them for awhile and then return them from whence they came. I first did that trip in summer school before 5th grade, then again the following summer. I think I did it once in both middle and high school and then again for the Lab portion of Ecology of South Florida at FIU. Not to toot my own horn but I was kinda an expert by then. Tooooot. I'd reccomend that particular interactive demonstration to any school group, or even a birthday party. It's a great way to get kids involved in the world around them.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,12/2/2011,723,1088,8,16,16>This is one of those reviews that I write with great pleasure. SpecialTEA lounge is a very special place in Miami. First, it epitomizes the spirit of entrepreneurship, this is a place that started as an idea.Whenever you cross the threshold and enter SpecialTEA, think for a second that this place which is now real brick and mortar, was once someone's dream. Through hard work, discipline and an unwavering desire to make it a reality, SpecialTEA finally materialized itself.Following SpecialTEA from a distance, I kept getting more and more intrigued as genuine, honest, 5 star reviews kept piling up. They spoke of great service, good people and the inevitable result of good karma.These elements combine to create a place like SpecialTEA, interesting, unique, creative and good. A menu that is simple but complete will definitely satisfy the discerning palate, the vegetarian, and those who like to be in control of what they fuel their bodies with.By all means, take a trip through the wall of TEA and learn about flavors, aromas and history. When you enjoy a cup Tea with some extra knowledge, it is extra special.They can masterfully convert just about any item in their menu into a vegetarian option and at the risk of being redundant, I will assert that you will feel satisfied being able to enjoy a good, real , down to earth meal created by people who truly care and served with a positive energy that will permeate to your overall well being.SpecialTEA is unique and stands alone in the story it tells, go ahead, enter a dream come true and be inspired by it.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,11/30/2011,255,530,12,14,11>Everytime time I want to hate the beach, I'm drawn back in. Who ever the chef is at Pubbelly Sushi he/she is an evil genius. For in order to lure me back to horrible drivers, bad parking and the threat of a Miami Beach police officer's accidentally running you over or shooting you 20-30 times, the menu they created must be fool proof and the ambiance extraordinary.So let me introduce to you to the Pork Belly and Clam roll. Two of the most mismatched animals in the world, a bi-valve and a pig marry, forming a relationship stronger then the Brady Bunch! Marsha, Marsha, Marsha, my 38 year crush on you is gone, I'll only stalk the Pubbelly Pork Belly and Clam Roll, and was it downed with a Chang Beer (Thai for Elephant). I need to keep PETA in mind.I liked the atmosphere, it seemed as if everyone was a foodie there, and every dish looked divine. But, perusing through the Yelp App, I read Ariel G'. review, and then all his reviews, WOW! Everyone should take the time to read them. I imagine there is some truth to what he writes, but the negativity is palatable. I thought I hated Miami. So not to diss on him, as everyone has opinions and his very strong, but, in Japan, they had no roll's, only nigri (a dead fish piece on seasoned rice, which they call sushi). Roll's were invented in the good ol' USA, and Japan borrowed them. So authenticity aside, Pubbelly can do anything they want with a roll and they did, coming out with the Pork Belly and Clam Roll, I don't think you get anymore authentic then that, I know that I am not as worldly as Ariel G. But, bottom line its bar food, your not eating at Coup De Ta' in Singapore or The Dome in Bangkok or the many outstanding restaurants around the world. I dare anyone to find me a Pork Belly Roll and Clam Roll in any bar. Could this place compete with the five star bar's such as Bar Stelka in Moscow, or Cafe Bar 9 in Helsinki, I believe Ariel G. this is what makes it authentic.Secondly the reason people go to crowded loud bars, is they want to be apart of the excitement, even the lowly trash from as you put it Kendall/Hialeah, Yeah there are the human despots there, trust me I've dealt with all sorts of human pieces of s@#$ only a handful came from there, but they don't go to Pubbelly.Your reviews are entertaining, I actually like some others eehhhh not so much!But, like you I don't want to be mean either!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,11/29/2011,253,216,5,10,8>Hands down, my favorite spa. I've been here 5 or 6 times now and I can't get enough. The facilities are fantastic. The spa itself is huge. There are some areas that are for women or men only and some co-ed. The spa has a huge rain shower room with different temperatures and water pressures. It also has a large heated mineral pool with built in seats to relax in before or after your treatment. Everywhere you turn, they have stations setup with tea, water, mixed nuts and dried fruit, strawberries, apples, coffee, etc. The treatment rooms are also nice and spacious and the therapists are very professional. I've never had a bad experience here.One of the best perks of going to the spa here is that you can also use the pool and hotel facilities while you're there. It's great to go with friends and spend the day having drinks poolside at the Fontainebleau. If you're planning on going, check their website for special deals as they usually have a pretty good promotion going on...Get your spa on!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,11/28/2011,210,101,8,12,9>First and foremost - the cupcakes are delicious!  We didn't see any regular sized cupcakes, just the mini cupcakes - which is fine by me because I get to try lots of different flavors!  The cake was not dry and not too moist, and the frostings had the right amount of sweetness.  We had the following flavors:White Chocolate ChipOreo ChocolateStrawberry CheesecakeChocolate EspressoZebra (white chocolate and chocolate)Triple ChocolateRed VelvetOne issue with the chocolate cupcakes - there was an artificial taste to them that we didn't really care for - weird aftertaste and way too "chocolatey" for my liking.  The Mister agreed, and he's the chocolate fiend - always going for items that are called "Triple Chocolate" or "Death by Chocolate".  The Strawberry Cheesecake was my favorite out of the batch we purchased.Second, the customer service is great!  When we walked into the shop, we were greeted and then left alone to choose what we wanted.  It took awhile for us to figure out what we wanted, we asked questions, and the employee did not seem to be bothered (I just hate it when the employee makes you feel like you're wasting their damn time, like they have better things to do).LA Sweets - you have a new fan!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,11/27/2011,969,161,23,23,22>There are all kinds of freaky fried, heavily buttered, and pressed pleasures on the menu, but you should really treat Morro Castle like you would Shake Shack, stick with the staples. Purists order fritas (Cuban-style burgers) + batidos (sweeter and less viscous than traditional milkshakes) and if you're a real gordo asqueroso, you can add some churros (cinnamon + sugar dusted fried dough) for dessert. Sure it doesn't look as swanky as the aforementioned boutique burger bar, but when you're ballin' on a budget, MC can't be beat. Named after a seaside Spanish  fortress in Havana, aesthetically "el Morrito" shares a lot in common with its modern counterpart, Guantanamo Bay Detention Center. The ceilings are low, the furniture is bolted down, and there are more steel bars than a Hialeah townhouse. But once you've had double your caloric intake for the day in one sitting, you won't care how it's decorated. Afterwards, you might even have this song rolling around in your head --youtube.com/watch?v=AXIg…"Tomorrow is never promised."Not because you'll be possessed by an urge to break out into a little salsita dance, more like you might not survive digesting the meal. It's one of the few foods that can kill you in many different ways not limited to; myocardial infarctions, ischemic strokes, or just plain choking to death. So what exactly sets a frita apart from the all-American hamburger we're accustomed to? For that I'll have the single biggest threat to fritas in Miami, Jennifer R., explain the anatomy of one;"Bun, ketchup, potatoes sticks, diced onions, adobo seasoned ground beef + chorizo patty, ketchup again, bun again...that's it! And the only place to get one is, Morro Castle. This isn't a burger dictatorship, you can add bacon, cheese, and you vegetarians can even throw on some pickles...pero eso no existe en Cuba!"Thanks Yenny, but I'm sure you won't be inviting to your Frita-Fests after what I have to say, frita food questers I'd drop that soggy, bland American hamburger bun used at this location and replace it with a Cuban bread bun if I could *dunt, dunt, dunt*You can find this lard laden bread at any Spanish-speaking supermarket like; Sedano's, Presidente, or La Mia. If you can't find one of those try to get one from Las Palmas, El Mago, or El Rey de Las Fritas. Preferably before they ruin it by adding their inferior product. Seriously don't even let your canine get a hold of what the competitor's call a frita, or you'll be in the doghouse!Morro's shakes brings all the boys to the yard. Sure they have all the basic ones like strawberry and chocolate malts, but those are so vanilla. Experienced eaters I'd suggest you go with; Mamey - a creamy, 90's hot pink colored fruit that came to Cuba thanks to it's proximity to the Yucatan Peninsula Trigo - who knows what it was originally made with, but in the US it's made with Quaker Oats Puffed Wheat CerealGuanábana - aka Soursop but don't order it by that name or the staff will be as confused as these adults -- youtube.com/watch?v=UdJ6…As if putting your daily allowance of sodium, and saturated fats into your mouth wasn't bad enough, why not treat yourself to a diabetic convulsion and get the churros. Here I go breaking the rules again, with a café con leche instead of the traditional hot chocolate. You can eat them however you like, just don't take them to go. Fresh is fresh!After leaving here you'll feel like Cool Hand Luke (1967 film with Paul Newman) after he ate 50 hard boiled eggs to win a bet in prison, and I haven't even told you the best part *SPOILER ALERT* you've only spent $10...for two people.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,11/26/2011,96,123,5,9,8>Honestly, I am not joking when I tell you this is the best restaurant in Miami - maybe that I've ever been to.1.  Tons of free starters - fried zucchini, bruschetta, garlic bread, Parmesan hunks, aged balsamic,  bread basket.   That's before you order my friends.2. Mushroom ravioli with black truffle champagne sauce.  Every time I freak out when I don't see it on the menu (think Whopper withdrawal commercials) but its always a special.3. Service - old school Italian waiters, napkin folded at soon as you get up from your seat.  New table cloth before dessert.  This is the real deal.4.  Decently reasonable - for an entrees, a shared app and dessert and a couple of glasses of wine you will be within $70-$80 per person.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,11/25/2011,229,492,6,9,8>I am ecstatic Ozzi opened up downtown. If you are familiar or a fan of Katana in North Bay Village, you will know what to expect at Ozzi. Sushi on boats, is what I am talking about. Small portions on small color-coded plates go around and around. You have your pick of ahi tuna, fresh salmon and tuna sushi, rolls (cucumbaer or avocado $1.50 each for four pieces, or the very highly recommended Mango Guava roll - so unique and tasty, as well as Shrimp tempura roll, Cali roll, etc), to the octopus or ginger salad, and the crab and tuna salad piles. So quick to eat here, great for lunchtime. And plenty of seating! You just sit and start picking. Pile up your plates at the end and pay on the way out. I like how clean and fresh everything tasted, the chef makes everything right in front of you. The bill adds up quick though if you are hungry. But make sure you don't leave without asking for the delicious dessert rolls: nutella with your choice of strawberry, banana, or currently coconut mango. So, so good. Before I even left I was thinking of the next time I'd be back.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,11/24/2011,563,515,14,11,9>After hearing about La Moon from so many of my friends, I cam here on two different occasions and I came away with two different feelings for La Moon.ALTERNATE UNIVERSEOn my first visit, I had been drinking quite a bit causing my judgments to be compromised at La Moon.The place is a crowded late night eatery (open till 5am), but even with that the case, we were seated very quickly. I decided to order the much raved about Supermoon Perro. I hate hot dogs and it usually makes me sick to my stomach. This menu selection reinforces the fact my judgment had seen better days.The service was quick and efficient. Our food came out in no time, but we were operating in drunk time, where time is warped due to intoxication.I took a bite and I swore it was the best thing I ever ate in my life. It was hot dog heaven. The toppings and quail egg were perfect to my drunken eyes. Yes, you could say I had beer goggles for my food. Even with my stomach hurting, I was a glutton for punishment as I continued to eat away. Again, the altered state had me not thinking of tomorrow's consequences from eating the hot dog.REALITYOn my second visit, I had been closer to the sober side, yet all I could think about is how I enjoyed my first visit to La Moon. You could say I was excited to return.On this visit, my fellow Yelper, Rony M, used his charm and got us a great view with street side seating. Again the service was spot on. I had no complaints about the service.I decided to order the Crazy La Moon Burger. It is a burger with arepas as the buns. It is absolutely ginormous. It is almost impossible to get your mouth around it and even if you do expect it to be extremely messy. For me, burger was everywhere on my plate and on me. I looked like a toddler trying to eat the burger.The burger was good, but not great. The blood sausage was nothing special. I left thinking it was not as good as my first visit. This got me thinking about La Moon. My conclusion about La Moon is it gets better as you drink more. It is one of the best drunk people, late night eats around town.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,11/23/2011,79,29,21,15,17>OMFGGGGG. OMG. OMG. OMG. OMG.The moaning sounds that came out of our table were as my friend put it "simply embarrassing." I came to check this place out because it was on the Yelp Eats event week.The tostones were a must. The civiche was fresh. The spare ribs with polenta delicious. The pear and gorgonzola ravioli with pesto sauce amazing.The orgasms came, however, from their sinful desserts. The guyaba souffle with rum and the flan with dulce de leche. Holyyy shiz :x I'm getting wet just thinking about it.The service was impeccable. They even helped us pick out a bottle of wine, which we then had two of.I want everyone to know about this place and go! It was an unforgettable, lovely experience. I can't wait to repeat it over and over and over and over.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,10/20/2011,181,214,6,10,8>I can never get sick of this place.  It's freakin awesome.  You can go there for lunch, after work happy hour, dinner.  You name it they have it.I have recently become addicted to #17 salmon sandwich.  I have them replace the cream cheese with goat cheese.  I also love the #5 chicken sandwich with yummy melted cheese and pesto.  They have a great variety of wine, no corkage fee, and great atmosphere.  What's not to love about this place?
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,10/19/2011,178,264,6,13,8>On Saturday night me and the hubby wanted to go out to eat and he felt like trying something new.  I thought of Shula's since I've driven by so many times and have always wanted to try one of their restaurants, so off we went.  We found metered parking just up the street in a lot, they also offer valet right out front.  We didn't have a reservation so there was a 15 minute wait.  We hit up the bar for a cocktail and found a gorgeous, huge bar space with friendly servers and a nice looking cocktail menu.  I was in the mood for an espresso martini and although it wasn't on the menu they whipped one up with no problem.  Julio went for a flavored mojito and thought it was good, drinks are a little steep at $14 a pop, that's the same price I paid for a cocktail at the Fontainebleau on Sobe so be prepared for that.We were seated shortly after in a back room, I found the place to be cozy yet still upscale although there are TV's all over the place, of course they have to show the football games!  As we sat down I checked in on Yelp and was surprised to get a check in offer of a free glass of wine.  The manager came over and asked what I liked, he selected a delicious Pinot Noir for me that I enjoyed with my meal.  We ordered the crab cakes to start, they were really good with lots of big chunks of fresh crab meat.  I ordered the Filet with asparagus and upgraded to crab mac and cheese.  Julio had the NY Strip with a baked potato and seasonal veggies. Everything was great with one major exception - the steak was overcooked from the Medium Rare we both ordered close to Med Well for both of the steaks.  Our friendly server asked how the steaks were cooked so we told him they were overdone and the manager was back in a flash offering to redo them for us.  I didn't mind too much and didn't want to see them go to waste so we declined.  The steaks were great, just would have been better cooked as we ordered.  I think I may order rare next time just to be sure.  The portions were big and there was no room for dessert, and we did leave happy despite any kinks in the meal.  The service was great on all accounts, from hostess to bar to table and I really liked the feel of the place.  We will certainly be back, especially to take advantage of happy hour drinks at that big fancy bar!  Lovely date night spot in South Miami, looking forward to the next visit.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,10/18/2011,350,676,9,11,9>I Don't always eat Pizza but when I do, I prefer Casola's. Come hungry my (Yelp) friends.Casola's sells GIANT slices of pizza. It's exactly what I picture a New York Style Pizza slice to look like. (Except for the fact that Casola's hails from Boston). Casola's is located right off US-1 and 17th Ave and is always packed. We came here around midnight and the place was still packed. There may not look like there's parking, but just go out back and they have an entire lot for their customers, so it's not a problem. The interior is stocked with benches so there is plenty of seating. The menu is fairly large and has items like wings, pastas, and sandwiches to go along with their pizzas. I saw some pastas being made and they look great. The spaghetti with meatballs comes in an aluminum takeout pan, but looked like a mound of cheesy goodness (I gotta try it sometime). The pizza is what people really come for. They sell pizzas by the slice or entire pizza pies. (Wait is around 30 min for a whole pizza). We got cheese slice and sausage slice. The cheese slice is around $3.50, which is cheap for what they give you. They take this GIANT slice of pizza and cut it in half to form two slices. When they serve it to you, you would have thought they accidentally gave you two slices. Nope. One Giant slice. Foldable Perfection. The cheese oozes into your mouth with every bite. It's quite greasy but nobody comes to a pizza joint for health reasons. The sausage slice was just as good, they don't overload on the toppings so I always stick with a cheese.Perfect place if you want a nice big slice of pizza after coming home late from work, partying, whatever other crazy thing you people do, etc. The place is open late and is always serving hot slices of heaven.P.S. GET CASH!! They don't take card but they do have an ATM right in the middle of the place.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,10/17/2011,113,636,9,11,10>F*ck yeah, the food is amazing at Phuc Yea! I had never been to a pop-up restaurant, but I was open to the concept.  In fact, it makes perfect sense.  Why invest in opening a restaurant and paying rent on a place without knowing if the place will garner enough interest to succeed and then going broke with rent? Although friends were trying to discourage me from going, I decided not to listen and went.  I am stubborn like that...and thank goodness for that!I arrived after a thunderstorm on Friday evening, thinking that the place would be dead due to the weather, and it was only 8:30.  I saw the sign on the sidewalk and parked.  As I opened the door to the strip mall where this restaurant was located, there were already crowds waiting to be seated.  I was a bit frustrated, due to hunger, but willing to wait it out.  It turned out that because there were only 3 waiters for about 12 tables, they were too busy to take down my name (i.e., no hostess). Luckily, we got in quickly as the other groups were large groups that would need more than one table.  My wait time was only about 15 minutes...not bad.  The place was successfully transformed from strip mall to mini-restaurant.  The storefronts in the strip mall had curtains held together by binder clips (very creative), and the tables had a white paper tablecloth stamped with their logo and name.  The music provided a cool, urban background to the meal and the ambiance was pleasant.  Friendly, down to earth people of all ages enjoying good food in a relaxed environment.Although no particular waiter gets assigned to your table, there's a great sense of teamwork here as they all want to bring out your food and make sure you're happy.  One of the waitresses recommended the 5 spice limeade, which she said is pretty popular and I decided to follow her advice.  Wow! The perfect mix of spice with sweetness, it's hard to explain, but it was an explosion of flavors including anise and maybe hot pepper? Very refreshing.  The menu is divided into 3 areas, and although they are all tapas, the first section is the smaller tapas, the middle is larger, and the last section is the largest tapa.  I was sharing my meal so I decided to get the Oodles of Noodles and Fresh Rice Paper Rolls from the smaller tapas section, the Caramelized Pork Riblets from the medium-sized tapas, and the Seared Spanish Mackerel from the larger section.  They were all amazing, bursting with flavor and I have the Yelpers to thank for the Riblets suggestion.  Just be careful when you take a bite, as some of them have bone.  The Mackerel was lacking some kick, but their chili sauce easily took care of that.  I loved all the different combinations of flavor and after finishing, I felt satisfied, surprisingly.The dessert was definitely something out of this world, as I had never tasted anything quite like it.  Nothing could prepare me for the sweetness of the Frozen Jack Fruit.  The texture of the dessert was similar to ice cream with some frosted flakes and bobba (tapioca balls).  I had never tried jack fruit and the aromatic flavor stayed in my mouth for hours after enjoying it.All in all, I enjoyed my experience and I hope that this isn't the end of this restaurant.  I can tell that everyone that was there enjoying their meals was just longing for more and considering the demand, I hope they decide to open a full-time location.  I definitely recommend it.  The prices are reasonable and the food is tasty.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,10/16/2011,76,119,6,9,6>I went here for a pre-grand opening party, so I only tried passed hors d'oeuvres so my review is based on that.  I tried:Fried green tomatoes: These were awesome and a favorite of the nightDeviled Eggs: Usually a fan, but not this time.  I thought it had too much of a mayo taste to it, but this was probably the only thing I didn't care forSmores: delicious and could've eaten 10 of theseChicken biscuits: Extremely good.  The biscuits were flaky and chicken was perfectly crispyMelon with cheese: Interesting.  Not a favorite but still goodGrilled peach wrapped in ham: Doesn't sound good, but actually was clever and tastyCookies: Fresh baked and delicious.  If they messed up the cookies, a star would have definitely been lost. Lucky for them, it was perfectMini-Carrot cake: Not usually a fan of carrot cake, but this one hit the spotAs far as the night overall- they did a great job organizing.  The staff was friendly, drinks looked good and were flowing quickly (at 6 months preggers, unfortunately I could not taste).  There were also a lot of southern flavors throughout that showed great attention to detail...beef jerky by the bar, caramel popcorn, and pork rinds.  Last and certainly not least....they gave goodie bags with moonpies!!! Will certainly need to check this out when it opens for a full sit-down dinner.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,10/15/2011,133,114,9,7,8>The Food Truck craze has taken flight in Miami and a lot of them are getting it right. Let's face it, some of them overdo it. If I see a menu on a truck with over a dozen options, I tend to think there's no way you can get that many things right in such a little box resting on 4 wheels.However, the trucks that choose a focus, and try to do it right, do the best. Ms. Cheezious may be the most victorious. The success is in the simplicity. The truck itself has curb appeal, as well.The grilled cheese is a classic. Gluten free lactose intolerant people may wanna skip this one.So, the good news is that this review is a pretty simple and easy one to write. The choices are few but delicious. The wait a bit long. Be sure to go with funny friends, preferably with a buzz.My pal and I tried Ms. C for the first time at a recent truck rally in Miami Lakes and we opted for the crab melt and the bacon blue. The bacon craze has gotten out of hand, and, like an Ed Hardy tshirt, has lost some novelty. No, you aren't that cool and hip or an edgy foodie for making a bacon dessert. Knock it off.However, if you take a staple like a grilled cheese and throw some thoughtfully fried bacon on it, chances are you will make me smile. If that cheese happens to be blue, even better.  I had to try the crab. As a native Marylander, it's a food I can't resist. The results were good. I licked my fingers and wanted more. Then again, I did that with my first date, too.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,10/14/2011,274,769,15,23,22>Nemesis gets 5 stars just for getting me to expand my culinary horizons!I saw the great reviews from a couple of friends, heard their "old school" word of mouth recommendations and was further intrigued by their cool website with the funky Frida Kahlo's face. Seeing as I was going to a house party in downtown, I asked my very good friend Lizette Q to join me for dinner. It's appropriate I went art night, as the decor had a funky vibe almost reminiscent of the beginning of Art Walk. Tucked in a lobby on N Miami Avenue you get to dine in a space funkily integrating exposed concrete structures, metal ductwork and wood wine racks. Throw in hanging ties, suspended umbrellas and assorted other art on the wall and you have an artistic dining establishment. As I commented to my friend, the exposed structure and industrial vibe is something I'd like for my own home!The food: neMesis has the essence of what Tapas should be as we enjoyed a full meal from sharing the deliciously exotic plates. Start off with their daily bread. Last night's was a pita with an olive oil already mixed in to the bread. While I wasn't feeling adventurous - yet - to try the hummus my date said she liked it. Next came the Tuscan Sushi. A meat and sweet eater's paradise with proscuitto, bacon, I want to say cream cheese and FIGS. The mix of flavors left me OMG'ing and having the proverbial foodgasm tossed around on so many reviews.The main course was where the adventures started. I ordered the guava chili pork with the "spaetzle" (sp?) pasta. The pasta was delicious of itself that I could order it on own. The pork was lean, you could see the grill lines on the meat (I like that visual effect :) and the guava chili sauce was tangy and sweet. The dish also came with sage leaves where squeamish old me thought were just garnish, until Chef Micah herself told me to eat them. I hesitantly took a bite, after the same expressions of the tuscan sushi came back to my face. The leaf had a caramelized taste to it and a light crispy taste. I liked! I'll let my date right about it but I sampled her 4P dish, which consisted of a house made chicken sausage with some sort of nuts and a potato pancake cut to look like fries. Interesting texture and clean flavor, and I enjoyed the experience of tasting something beyond my comfort zone. I will order it on my own next time.Banana and aged cherry sorbet. Try it..it's Dessert Snob Approved!The whole 5 star experience was made possible by Chef Micah herself, coming to our table to talk about the dishes as well as encouraging her to try new seasonings and flavor combinations. She even served us the water :) She did the same to the other tables, and anyone who knows my reviews knows that owner involvement in the dining experience guarantees 5 stars...you know, customer service, pride on your work and all that good stuff.Thanks for a great new downtown dining spot!
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,10/13/2011,180,140,7,10,6>Fantabulous!!!  I will go back just for the guacamole alone!   I had no idea that Midtown was so developed...and all the cool spots to visit.  Lots of parking - either on the street or public parking area.......ok back to the food...I met a friend for brunch (thanks friend for feeding me!) and we had the Perfect Hangover special that included - 1. a drink for both of us - my friend had the Margarita... and I had Mango Mimosita. ..which, by the way, is my new favorite drink - DE-lish.We shared: 2. tacos de huevo a la mexicana (scrambled eggs, pico de gallo, queso fresco, black bean hash), 3. hongos  (huitlacoche, wild mushrooms, manchego cheese, salsa verde)4. pollo (grilled chicken, cactus salad, tomatillo salsa, avocado5. Fried zucchini tacosAll of the tacos were small portions - but honestly I was full after eating one taco de huevo and one fried zucchini taco...but that didn't stop me from eating the pollo tacos...oh my goodness ...did I say De-LISH(see menu:  mercaditorestaurants.com…)We sat indoors - highly recommended because it is properly air conditioned....they do have comfy seats for those who insist on travelling to eateries with their dogs (I don't understand that..but then again..I'm a cat person).  It can get busy - so my suggestion is to review the menu before you get there...as soon as you are seated - order..otherwise you can wait a minute before your waiter/waitress comes back....but once you are served...you will not be ignored...there is always someone there to take your empty plate and fill up your water.I totally recommend this spot...it will be interesting to see if it can accommodate a group...since the back part is kind of private..I can see Yelpers totally taking over this spot.....hmmm ideas for our new CM.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,10/12/2011,108,209,8,12,10>Living in Miami Beach and driving to this location left me hoping that it really was as great as the reviews I read.  I just don't wander out that far from the homeland!!  Yes, I google mapped it, but let's be serious, 12 miles without traffic just seems so much closer.I went here on a Saturday and when I walked in I was greeted almost immediately, even though the store was pretty busy.  I was here because I had started running daily, not a huge amount, but enough to the point where all of a sudden my knees and right side of my hip were hurting like I was 90.  Before I decided to give up, I thought maybe it would help to try better running shoes and toss my outlet store Nike's to the wind.They sat me down and measured my feet, asked me what my concerns were, how much I ran each day, what type of running surface, etc.  They are really knowledgeable about this, not just because they work there, but most of them have a passion for running so they know the deal!  Then they threw me in some shoes and evaluated my stride on the treadmill.They recommended two types of shoes and I picked out my color.  I paid for my shoes, hoping I hadn't just wasted a bunch of money on something that wouldn't work and was assured that I could bring the shoes back within 30 days if they didn't work out.  Well, I still have my shoes and this was 3 months ago.  I have no more pain when running (I run on asphalt) and own the most comfortable pair of running shoes I've ever had.  When these puppies get worn out, I'll be sure to return here for my next pair!!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,10/11/2011,128,118,6,8,9>I like to joke that I have bikes all over South Beach, just waiting for me, and I'll see someone riding one and say "Hey, they stole my bike!" Or I speak about it as if i'm the Sultan of Brunei "I like to have a bike waiting for me at every corner just in case i feel like hopping out of the limo and bi-peddling my way to the theater."As a south beach local, I have the $15/month unlimited pass. Yes, this does mean you have to check it in somewhere within 30 min or get charged for more time, but no where should take longer than 30 minutes to get to in the radius of the station availability. They're not really meant to practice for your triathlon or take a day long bike trip. If the bike you choose is broken in some way, you can report it to the station on the main screen. I have had a few occasions where there's only 3 bikes on a rack and they're all locked for service. But luckily there's another rack a block away or less in some cases. The bikes ride smoother than the bike I own, which is sitting on my porch getting rusty. Of course the bike i WISH would get stolen just sits there untouched. The time saved not fussing with a lock for your own bike is worth the $15 alone for someone who bikes to work and back.I have had some questions about billing, which they have resolved quickly and clearly. If you're mad or confused about charges or how it works, send them a quick email and you should hear back pretty quickly. It's still new, but I think they're coming along quite nicely.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,9/16/2008,1509,3596,7,14,9>like a Cuban McDonalds, plus everything under $5really tasty too -- cuban frita was soft texture,  mixed with crunchy thready fries, and strong flavor (not sure about the meat quality, hence the heavy additives, would get it with onion) price $2.50 for such a great mix of flavor and texturealso really liked the papa rellena sandwich -- think cuban pressed sandwich with a tasty seasoned ground beef potato ball flattened and added insidechocolate malt shake to top it off.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2008,9/15/2008,163,84,6,8,7>Went for lunch yesterday. Love the ambiance. It's very cozy and comfy. I would love to see what it is like when its a bit busier. Regardless the 'Turkey , Brie and Mango Chutney' sandwich was really goood. Nice size (almost felt like I ate a full loaf of bread) and the mango chutney was a nice touch. The place has free WIFI for you folks looking to get some work done or just check to see if that application on your iPhone has a new version out in the app store. I will return to explore their other sandwiches and try the Tiramisu which looked quite inviting.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,9/14/2008,153,1226,4,6,5>awesome!!! ive heard about this place at japanese restaurants, the japanese market has been open for 20 years or so but the sushi bar/deli has only been open for five years. i dont think a lot of people know about it and man, theyre are all missing out. i had lunch here on sunday with the lovely katherine m. who suggested this place to me a while ago. im so glad we finally made it. the sushi bar is tiny, 10 people max and the chef is the coolest. we both had a miso soup which was delicious and then we took the chefs recommendation. crunchy shrimp roll, sounds americanized, it is, it might be it, i dont care. the point is... that was some good s. kat had a seaweed salad which i also tried and it was pretty darn good. then we had a sashimi platter. nothing beats fresh fresh fish. we were told by the chef that the best day to go to them is on tuesdays cause thats when they get all their stuff. they (the deli/sushi bar) are closed on mondays, not the market. something interesting happened while katherine was browsing for more sake ... my phone rang so i picked it up, the chef nicely pointed at a small 'no cellphones' sign and asked me to please step out of the bar area ... i thought it was weird and funny, ive never been asked to leave my seat because im on the phone but this didnt really bother me. i know exactly how rude some people could be when they are on the phone so i understand where this guy is coming from. kat and i ate like monarchs for about 70$ which includes a bottle and half of good good sake. i cant wait to go back. this place is awesome! gracias kat!
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,9/13/2008,41,55,5,5,3>When I crave pickles, I crave Cornichons.  Which are my absolute favorite type and these top off the sandwiches at this fantastic French sandwich and juice bar.  I usually order the Ham & Camenbert sanwhich, ooh la la! They deliver too! Yay!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2008,9/12/2008,331,340,8,8,7>This place is the shit. I got a new bike for my birthday which I am STOKED about, and tried to assemble it myself. Note to anyone that orders a bike online.... DONT try to put it together yourself! When I took my bike in (cause the tire was a bit bent) the repair guy was giggling at me, cause my handle bars were on backwards, and my cables were all twisted. Hey, what can I say, In not a mechanic. They took in my new wheels and 40 bucks and about an hour later my bike was ready to go! Full air in the tires, a straightened out tire for that matter, my handle bars and gears were all in order and I had a new cushy seat put on so I dont hurt me bum! Everyone that works there is super cool and helpful. Its a small place that is always really busy, and it has such a great small town vibe to it. You can also purchase everything from used beach cruisers, to Cannondales, to water bottles, helmets, bells, and baskets (for your 6pks!). If you need a bike, or help with yours, head on over to this place. Its next to Jacks Diner on Federal in Hollywood!
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2008,9/11/2008,101,102,5,5,4>"Car Wash...working at the Car Wash yeah!..."Without a doubt this joint has stood the test of time. The Car Wash has been around for a LOOONG time.  With a pretty large staff on board, you can get your car in and out clean and detailed pretty quick. Of course, this will only happen if you go on an off day..like middle of the week, or on rainy days. Weekends (especially sundays) its very busy and the wait times can go over an hour.  Fortunately they try their best to keep you comfortable while you wait. The wait room is a little bit like starbucks  They have a white sofa with a coffee bar (its also where you pay for the wash). They have a long hallway with large circular windows where you can peer through and see your car get clean. They also have free internet service which is nice for those with laptops/iphones..and they serve free popcorn!!!Comparing with other washes, its competitive..but they start expensive.  The best wash is their ultimate, which runs at 25 bucks...there's the info you need to know. now go wash that car!
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2008,9/10/2008,904,1293,6,6,6>There is no other chocolate that compares to this.  It is fantastic, and we have stopped craving the delicious gourmet treats from Quetzalcoatl Chocolatier... we can get better right in our back yard!  This by far the best gift you can give anyone with a sweet tooth!!  Ahem...  me.  The combinations are unusual and are worth trying every ONE!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/3/2008,9/9/2008,69,50,5,7,6>The Brickell location opened last month in the first floor of the new Solaris building. Behind the Greenberg Traurig building if you are coming off Brickell Avenue.  The decor is great, loved the high pink leather banquettes and chandeliers.  I ordered a late lunch and carried out so I will update the review when I go back and dine in.   Staff was friendly. The prices for the salads/paninis are pretty average for the Brickell Area. I initially was excited since their paninis came with a house salad but all I got was lettuce...not even a tomato to garnish the lettuce. I ordered the Turkey Mozzarella Panini and although it was great, it was a little on the small side.The dessert selection was pretty dismal at the time I went, but I did not try their macarons, which they told me were fantastic.  I will go back to validate their claim :)
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2008,9/8/2008,160,370,5,4,5>Baroque furniture on the inside, large leather sofas outside.  This place is great and amazingly eclectic.  Serves great drinks, and makes a great starting / meetup place for a raucous night.  Or just hang here until they close.I don't know what was going on with the music; it was like I was in a Molly Ringwald movie:  Cure, Frankie goes to Hollywood, Wham!, you name it!  But that made for a fun night, along with the cats that kept watch over us and our table.Sadly, the food is no longer free.  Only Liz T. gets such special treatment, I suppose.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,9/7/2008,675,517,1,7,5>Love Francesco! The owners brought it here from Lima, Peru where its also a very well known restaurant. It's a quaint little place in the Gables, but it sure makes up for it in the taste of it's dishes. I"ve had the ceviche and causa de camarones. It's delicious!. Great service too.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,12/23/2011,423,372,11,17,17>Absolutely amazing - But isn't that why we've been counting down the days until opening night?? Well, I was definitely counting. Luckily, I went with my Yelp crew and friends, so we were able to sample 4 pizzas, the meatballs, and the polenta fries. Ohhhhh, the polenta fries -- Lil-crispy-creamy-crunchies dipped in some homemade, spiced ketchup!!!Yelps, whatever you order, make sure these are on your table. For pizza time, we tried the Margherita (homemade ricotta??), the Rock Shrimp (lemon, manchego, scallion, & cilantro), the MGFD Bacon (with fingerling potatoes), and the Slow Roasted Pork (gig, onions, fontina arugula). Hands down, the table favorite was the Rock Shrimp, it was just such a refreshing surprise that no one could deny it the winner. The grilled lemons combined with cilantro and the shrimp for a unique ceviche-esque pie. I also love-love-loved, the Slow Roasted Pork with a bit of mild sweetness from the figs. Too add to the local buzz, all the beers served on tap are from our favorite Florida Breweries. There's Native Lager from Melbourne and Cigar City's Jai Alai from Tampa, plus our own SoFlo favs Monk in the Trunk from Jupiter and Holy Mackerel Strong Golden Ale from Ft. Laudy. way to represent the Sunshine state!!Harry's is just a block from my house, so I'm looking forward to trying the other pies and some of that homemade soda. Meatball Pizza & Vanilla-Allspice Soda - I'm talking to you.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,12/22/2011,165,258,7,14,11>Yesterday afternoon, I found myself sitting nearly in the bay eating very tasty apps at Trio On the Bay.  The outdoor terrace was spacious to the point of vast.  Often water side places can be overly posh or overly small.  Trio's setting balanced this perfectly.  Being so close to the water made seafood the only appropriate choice.  We sampled six of the apps (the calamari steaks, escargot, crab cakes, grilled scallops, seared tuna, and the mini skewer trio of meat, for good measure) and enjoyed each one.  It actually felt like I was eating a relatives cooking, full of garlic and care.  Our server Peter was attentive and focused on making sure we had what we needed as we enjoyed the sun setting over the bay.  What we needed were cocktails, and they arrived post haste.  When he saw that my martini was not as cold as I might like, he offered to have it reshaken without my having to ask.  Nicely done, Peter.  Nicely done.  One of the owners even came by, as he was to all the tables, to check on our experience.  Smart move for a newish restaurant.  Had we not been having a good time, he would have heard it from us.  However, we had nothing but good things to say. We will be back to enjoy another nosh on the bay, and maybe even stay long enough to see the interior of the restaurant (which looked very cool) come alive.  (The private dining room with large marble table for 12 surrounded by bronze doors is a particular favorite of mine.)  So, my advice is to try it for a happy hour on the water, and see what you think.  I'll update this review when we've gone another time and tried entrees, and we will go another time...or two...or three.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,12/21/2011,120,391,9,6,9>this is the story about a girl who was craving a cupcake...it was 7:13 pm, sunday. the door was locked. the staff was closing up shop. after all, they were closed! a smiling face came to the rescue. he let me in. lady at the counter greeted me with a smile and immediately knew i was there to satisfy a craving. she was kind. she was friendly. most importantly, she was understanding. i left happier than i came in. i got my fix. i like that they let me in even though they were closed. no-one does that...no-one!the end.I heart SBS
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,12/20/2011,268,629,5,8,8>last night i met with rick to discuss my vision for my wedding and this morning at 9 am i had a phone call letting me know my quote proposal was ready and waiting in my inbox. talk about service...i am taken aback with his professionalism, creativity, and overall manner. other vendors (in every industry) should take note!!weddings are emotional, exciting, once in a lifetime, and he gets it. he cares and makes you feel important about your big day. unlike others who rush you, dont return calls or emails, or dont make the time to answer your questions and work with you.his ideas were phenomenal. i went in prepared with pictures and overall layout, but he took everything to another level. his ideas are so fresh, clean, modern but classic. he is really talented and definitely in the right industry. i truly hope to work with them, as im pretty certain they will be my favorite wedding vendor!!*side note - while i was there a man walked in to order a small arrangement, it was done in a few minutes and it was spectacular!!!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,12/19/2011,137,112,10,13,11>I'm in love....We ordered the greek salad with grilled chicken. Let me tell you this simple Greek  salad was one of the best  I've had. The chicken is actually grilled! The dressing is lite and so tasty.  My picky friend ordered the grilled calamari and did not return it!! The atmosphere is very cozy and relaxing. The plants are just beautiful with the little lights in them. Overall Oliver's has a great vibe that is very hard to come across.As for the service.... perfect!! My server was Erick he was charming, efficient and polite.I recommend Oliver's to everyone. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,12/18/2011,566,440,7,12,12>Muffins!!!This place is the real deal. It's got regulars coming and going, an owner who knows the majority of people dining at her place and muffins that make you want to never tell anyone about this place. If you go, and you totally should, have your muffin grilled it's amazingness!!! They don't even need butter or jam, just sit there and munch out on these fresh, moist pieces of breakfasty deliciousness. It is also notable that these people know how to properly poach an egg, they even gave it to me in a bowl so I could sop up all the yolky goodness. I like this place, I really do!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,12/17/2011,2120,778,14,21,19>Good, locally made donuts, free wifi, and free parking; centrally located  just outside of Coral Gables. Ding, Ding, Ding we have a winner for a new place to work.Can we all agree that the area where Bird Road meets Red Road is kind of oddly attractive with some really interesting local small businesses? I've driven past 1909 and wondered about them for years then recently a search on my Yelp app led me to read more reviews. I knew I had to check it out. Upon entering you'll notice the place is small but thanks to some mirrors it feels roomier that it actually is. The menus are everywhere and you won't have a hard time quickly realizing you have a surplus of strong contenders. I went with a chicken sandwich, Bayou Chicken to be exact. A sandwich consisting of: Aioli Mayo, chicken, cheddar, tomatoes, lettuce, vinaigrette, all toasted. Next time I'm skipping the mayo as it proved to be too much. But overall it was a hearty, delicious sandwich and I can't wait to sample more menu items. It also comes with a very small fruit or pasta salad. I went with pasta and loved it. They should offer to sell a bigger portion. I also sampled their chocolate chip cookie much later that night and it was a decent cookie. Nothing drool worthy but can a chocolate chip cookie ever be bad? Can we add it to the sex and pizza list? Meaning even when it's bad it's still good. But the two best/most interesting points for me were:The place has wifi, good wifi! They sell locally made donuts from Mandarin Gourmet Donuts.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,12/16/2011,233,409,7,13,9>We were in Downtown for the opening of a jewelry gallery and we decided to take the opportunity to stop by Little Lotus since we were in the area. I was excited to try this place out after reading about the great reviews on Yelp and the writeup in Urban Daddy. It was a Saturday night and access was a little tricky since all the buildings around were closed. We were finally able to locate an open entrance on North Miami Avenue. Once inside we were very happily greeted by Sari the owner. She was extremely friendly and introduced us to the Chefs Mike and Nyoman. Both were extremely helpful in navigating the menu and even offered some suggestions to our friend who cannot eat gluten. We downed our bottle of "milky" saki as wave after wave of delicious food came out. Most notable: The Crispy Baby Bok Choy was incredible - how they get the greens to be so crisp without being greasy amazes me. The Rock Shrimp tempura was some of the best I have had. The big winner was a recommendation of the hostess - the 8 crazy nights! This roll is a divine combination of tuna, salmon, whitefish, tamago, masago, asparagus, and peach. UNBELIEVABLE!! Th reason the food is so great is that Chef Mike was one of the chefs at Yakko-San in North Miami and Chef Nyoman had studied with Morimoto. You would never know it from meeting these guys as they really were so down to earth and we enjoyed talking to them immensely. The prices are very reasonable, and the lunch menu is even better. With food like this we'll be coming back to downtown many times.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,12/15/2011,330,118,10,11,11>For my 100th review, I decided to review a place I visit at least three times a week for a quick and delicious breakfast, the oh so lovely Demetrio's! For the record I'm not a coffee drinker although I never pass on Demetrio's, yeah it's that good.I always order one of their breakfast specials which is a whole wheat toasted baguette with a cafe demetrio aka the best effin' cappuccino EVER! The toast is crispy and delicious especially with some butter and jelly. Their cafe leo is also my other favorite, the oh so sweet latte with hazelnut! The staff is always friendly and are quick to get me out as soon as possible when I'm rushed. When I have time, I love to sit in their back patio and just relax. I also love that they have wi-fi, although they tend to turn it off during lunch time, so beware!For lunch, my favs include the turkey sandwich, the Mexican chicken sandwich and the hummus platter. Their portions are pretty big, I usually cannot finish it all. Their soups are also pretty damn delicious. They have a small parking lot and there is additional meter parking in the street.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,12/14/2011,56,72,10,11,11>Egyptian Pizza...a great little place in the heart of the Midtown Shops.The location was absolutely awesome. You can do some shopping and stop in for great food..all in a day's work.  Starting with my most impressive observation was the service. We were a group of amazing ladies and the waitress was on point and extremely attentive throughout the course of our meal. The minute we walked in we were politely greeted and attended to. From beginning to end the service was undoubtedly remarkable.The food: I had the Giza pizza, which is a thin crust pizza covered with mozzarella and feta cheese, sliced lamb, whole olives and roasted peppers. The pizza was served with cumin sauce.  The pizza was great; and since it was thin crust it did not sit heavy.  Although it is served with cumin sauce it was not really needed; a nice complement but not really needed.They do not serve alcohol; however, they do allow that you bring your own and that's exactly what we did.  It actually works out better because you won't be disappointed if you don't like drink they served and it won't hurt your pocket as drinks in Miami can be very expensive.The prices are great and you pretty much get what you pay for.Aside from the service, I must also give a very special call out to all the ladies that attended. As a new Yelper, I only knew a handful of women. However, all the women were extremely welcoming, funny, outgoing, smart and genuinely nice.  It was a privilege spending a Sunday evening with them.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,9/9/2013,180,140,10,12,11>I love poetry, I love music, I love educated people; you will get all in one at this spot. Some of the artists will inspire love, thought and even move you to anger, but what would poetry be if not inspiring. Our Hostess, Ingrid B, is by far the most controversial MC I have ever met - she will tell you what she is thinking even if it hurts your feelings.  Not to worry, there is funky music and numbing libations to soothe your wounded soul.  If you thought you were coming here to audition for Love Jones, you will be swiftly and brutally enlightened - the crowd cannot be too cool, snapping your fingers in approval.  You must be more than pieces of furniture - your energy is required - if you are too dull or dumb....struck by the provocative words that the poets spit - stay home - or feel the wrath of your hostess. You have to join her page and become a groupie...add flavor to your life with this saucy woman (onthebside.com/ingrid-b.…)The room pulsates with life and the potential for love ...or at least to strong like..., while the DJ lays his set moving the crowd from deep thought to memory-lane climax (tonight's feature DJ Fly GUY check him out on Facebook:  facebook.com/pages/Fly_G…).The dynamic Joy Dennis joined The Bohemia Room tonight - her voice is silky and powerful. She sang a few cover songs - my favorite Anita Baker's Angel and then treated us to a couple of her original work -- watch out for "Electric Chair"  (check her out: joydennismusic.com/us) Things to know in advance:  1. The Bohemia Room is a twice a month affair (2nd and 4th Wednesday); 2. The locations change periodically so check out the B Side Entertainment page for the updated venues or look for her on Facebook - she has great Events pages; 3.  It is cheaper to buy your ticket in advance ($10) at the door it is $15.So since I had a good time, why not five stars:  for a few points - some of it outside the power of The Bohemia Room:1. Parking issues (plenty of street parking - but if the meter runs out, you can get your car booted) - I suggest downloading that Parking Meter Pay By Phone App so you are not running up and down the stairs to add money to the meter. miamiparking.com/en/home…) 2. The doors open at 8; the show doesn't start until after 10pm....that's more than two hours of sitting around staring at the DJ.  I tried to start conversations with people sitting around me, but since the music was loud, it just got uncomfortable for everyone.  So we just sat there staring at the DJ until the show started.  My suggestion - move the chairs - keep a dance floor going - make people dance.  We have a dynamic hostess - maybe she can encourage people to mingle.  Of course, if the artists show up on time, things could also start earlier.3. I'm walking distance from this spot - Grand Central ....but the area is still a bit dodgy with a lot of homeless people sleeping on the streets (and a weird guy on a bike following me) - so I recommend even if you live right up on Biscayne - drive your car (but remember the meters).
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,9/8/2013,146,352,8,8,4>I love baseball. Always have and I probably always will. I grew up with it because my brothers both played plus I also dated a few BB players. So I spent a huge part of my life on a baseball field.These days, I am so glad that I had girls. Because, although I love the game, I hate to sweat!  Marlins Park is huge, beautiful and comfortable. And air conditioned! So on those days that we are at 150% humidity and the sun makes your skin feel like bacon, I can still enjoy a ball game if I want to.The concessions are super pricey but the options are endless. In my opinion, the Taste of Miami area offers the best option. One refillable $8 soda cup for my husband and me is not bad, since we manage to refill 3 or 4 times during the game. There is soooo much to see at Marlins Park. Aside from the game. I enjoy people watching. Seriously, it's a spectator sport here in the MIA! Come on, where else can you see a 200 lb female in tight leopard legging with 6" spike heels walking around a baseball stadium? WITH her belly hangin' out!  How about the dude with his shirt open to his navel just to show off his 5" San Lazaro pendant. Or the "fans" that join a mass exodus to the exit in the 7th inning? Like I said, so much to see!The neighborhood is not the best, but it's well patrolled for the most part. We park in a toothless lady's yard for $5. She gives us a receipt and promises to personally take care of our car! Priceless!
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,9/7/2013,57,66,4,6,3>I've been going to Michael's for the past couple of years now and I'm still never disappointed by how creatively complex all the dishes here taste.I've had a lot of things here, but there are certain meals that stick out for me. Last night I went for my dad's birthday and I'll breakdown exactly what I got.Snacks:-Crispy Pig Ears: must-have snack at Michael's. Same texture as chicharonnes, except the cartilage is very light. Comes with a lime on top (perfect), and it has some type of chili powder as seasoning. Very few places offer this pig delicacy, so take advantage.-Falafel: excellent, crispy falafel bites. Nice and green on the inside from the parsley. The inside is almost creamy... very damn good.Chicken Liver Crostini: my Dad absolutely loved these. Nice and fatty chicken liver spread. Reminded me of some flavors my Mom uses for stewed chicken. Large Meals:Leg of Lamb: amazing leg topped with peaches... very different, but man it made sense. Shortrib: Highlight of the night, honestly. Slow-cooked short rib, with a charred outer-layer probably done with the wood oven. If you have anything at this place, it has to be this. The shortrib deteriorates in your mouth.Pork Shoulder: I've had this a couple of times, for a reason... it's almost perfect. Nice mound of pork shoulder with a parsley sauce, and nuts. Forgot what kind of nuts they were... but the nuts really rounded the meal off. There's a certain feeling you get when you eat something that feels complete in flavors... the pork shoulder is that.Dessert:Thai Banana Cream Pie: honestly, there's nothing better than this. The crust, the caramelized banana, and the cream. It's just amazing.I've had so many things from Michael's, but this is just a rundown of my last meal from there... this place is an institution here in Miami. And it'll be here for a long time.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,9/6/2013,83,129,2,3,4>Dr. Hagen is a pretty neat guy. I've had a pretty pleasant experience with all my eye doctors but Dr. Hagen seems to be in a separate category. I went to get my RX updated since I have been wearing old contacts and glasses for over a year. I saw he was accepted by my insurance and had good reviews on yelp and was very close to home (good thing if i needed to get my eyes dilated). I got there 15 mins early and had to fill out some paperwork  and was able to be seen pretty much on time. They have a cool eye scan machine that is a better alternative to eye dilation which was supper cool. Dr. Hagen is welcoming and friendly and engages the patient. Maybe its a thing with eye doctors, but regardless he's pretty cool. The only thing that erks me is the hours they have. They only have 2 days a week open late (7pm) Since i work until 5 the earliest I can make is 6 pm and even then that's pushing it. Also since there is limited late slots they fill up fast. I called early November and the first available appt was Dec 6! I wasnt in a rush but man if i only had contacts I might have had to go to work blind. Oh and the kicker- no weekend hours either which doesn't help either. Will i go back- yes i just know to make my appointment way in advance for when i need it. Long story short: Friendly Doc with limited hours but well worth making the time to schedule your appointment with him and his staff.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,9/5/2013,180,262,3,9,6>Miami is full of trendy dining spots - with over-the-top gimmicks, only-if-you-know-someone waiting lists, and too-rich-for-my-blood prices.And then there's Caffe Vialetto.This unassuming restaurant in Coral Gables is the comfortable-yet-classy location that makes up for all that other trendy BS you'll find around town.  Ernie, one of the owners, will stop by your table to chat and you'll instantly feel as if you've known him your whole life.And to think... I haven't even started talking about the food!We chose to celebrate our anniversary there on a weeknight - made reservations - and our only regret is that this didn't become our go-to spot before.Started out the night with the poleta/short ribs small plate and ONE of the "Orange-gina" balls (risotto with shrimp, breaded into a ball shape & fried - heaven!).  Ernie suggested that we could order by the piece if we wanted to eat tapas style, instead of ordering a bunch of food.Our dinners were the Shortrib Risotto and the Caribbean Risotto (almonds, goat cheese & sweet plantains... added shrimp, again on Ernie's recommendation).  It was the kind of meal where every. single. bite. was slowly and deliciously savored and consumed.  We just kept looking across the table at each other in awe... falling in love (with the risotto).Not only do you need to visit Vialetto... you need to make it your regular spot.  Just make a reservation because they have no problem filling up the tables... and you don't want to be left drooling, waiting for your turn.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/4/2013,119,115,15,20,15>It had been quite a while since I had been to Miami's famous Rusty Pelican. I had been for the brunch several years ago but this was just to be a nice meal for two as we were out celebrating a new job. The weather was rainy & we were running a few minutes late for our reservation so I called ahead. A very polite hostess told me "Don't worry, we will still be here, drive safe!" When we arrived we were greeted quickly & led through a beautiful wine display & shown to a nice table overlooking a very wet Biscayne Bay. The hostess asked if it we were celebrating anything & when I replied she told us congratulations. She seemed as genuine as she did on the phone which was nice. The rain had stopped so the view was starting to get it's luster back. We started off with some appetizers & some drinks from the bar.When the appetizers came we dug in. I went with the Rusty Slider which was served in a tiny old school burger box with fries. We also had the duck & goat cheese empenadas. Everything was great so far. Time for the main course, I went with the Filet Mignon & Bacon Potatos drizzled in Guava BBQ & my girlfriend ordered the Chicken with Mashed Potatos & Vegetables. My filet was very good & her chicken was excellent!  The service was top notch with one exception. They never brought us bread until we noticed it on everyone elses table & mentioned it. No big deal though.Overall, it was a terrific experience.Would I return? YES!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,9/3/2013,136,366,4,6,4>What a dinner! Great good, great service, great ambiance and generous portions. Comfort traditional food with all the classic favorites! I'm in love.I got the daily special Pork cheeks with yukon gold mashed potatoes and my husband got the tender hanger steak with home fries. The portions are huge! The pork cheeks were very tender and cooked to perfection! The mashed potatoes was the  best I've ever had!! Not too creamy, it was chunky and very potato-y. The best thing also from the dish is that it was hot (temperature wise). Usually it's just warm but i love when it's hot and you can see the heat smoke!My husband steak was big too and he loved it. The fries were thick cut, including the skin, very well cooked and not greasy. It was just perfect.It was a big dinner so we turned down their offer of homemade desserts (chocolate cake, bread pudding or berry cobbler)... We payed but we stayed there while my husband was finishing his beer. No need to say it didn't take me long to order the cobbler. It took a bit of time which i think shows its made right on spot. It is served with vanilla ice cream. It was warm and big. However the taste was a little bit too tart for me and the shortbread crust was a bit too salty. However it tastes much better if you eat the three components together (berries, crust and ice cream). They really complement each other!Great experience with delicious classic traditional dishes! Everything on the menu looks good so i can't wait to go back.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,9/2/2013,969,161,33,23,18>I'm in my mid-30s and Dominican. I should have at least a handful of bi-racial children and their corresponding baby-mamas trying to slice up my paycheck. There are none that I know of but if I did some knocking up, the only solace I'd have is the promise of a designated driver with a 9 month contact. That wasn't the case with my former employer. Just as he'd arrived at that milestone when his firstborn would sleep through the night...he re-impregnated his wife. This poor guy hadn't had a dude's night out since Lebron was scratching his balls one some team in Cleveland. His to-have-and-to-hold companion planned a boozy birthday to reward him for 2 years of good behavior. That night we started our love affair with Andiamo's Pizza. Apparently someone had acquired Asian-flush syndrome along with fatherhood because I was greeted at the door by a red-faced sweating mess. Bartending is a perishable skill and apparently his wife's were long dead...all her drinks were 5/6 liquor 1/6 mixer. I took over and started shaking lavender sprigs, Meyer lemonade and Polish vodka for the ladies present and...immediately regretted it. These gold-digging Miami skunts started a line of questioning that would've been appropriate, had I been applying for a line-of-credit --"Where did you undergrad? Are you a homeowner? What are your goals in the next 5 years?" I felt like repossessing my drinks and giving them all martini facials but had to wait on that as the little midtown apartment was straining under the weight of the party we'd dropped on it.Regardless of its location in the southeastern tip of the US, Miami is the wild-wild-west. Locals drive like they're in bumper cars, the police are busy ripping off drug dealers and anyone can drink $1-3 doubles at the Veterans of Foreign Wars lounge without having served in an armed conflict overseas.The guest of honor was becoming unmanageable and his baby maker was starting to get a dark Steve Buscemi-like look in her eye. We needed to feed her for all of our sakes. Twenty minutes later we had a meatball pizza delivered to the bar from Andiamo's --Veal + pork meatballs, roasted peppers, caramelized onion and mozzarella-parmesan blend. We threw two slices at the preggo and wolfed-down what remained. The future real housewives of Miami looked on in horror as they weren't offered any. I can't tell you it's the best pizza you'll ever have because I don't know you..but AP wrote the book on the brick-oven version for me. I usually enforce a 3 topping maximum but Andi's doesn't dump an entree on top of your pie, there's equilibrium in their cheese-sauce-topping ratio. These selections are choice too --Genovese: pancetta, thin sliced potatoes, roasted garlic, caramelized onion and mozzarella-gorganzola blendVesuvio: genoa salami, kalamata olives, cheery peppers and mozzarella.Do you know what we did after we inhaled that first order? REDIAL!!!We ordered another one and replayed the events that had just transpired except this time, the delivery guy was laughing in our faces, we said "Happy Mother's Day" and gave away only ONE slice and devoured the second pizza, box and all."Sam, you know there's cardboard stuck to the bott..."Wide-eyed, lips like he'd used an Italian sausage as chapstick and waving around the crusty pizza bone answered "Whaaa?"Pizza so good you'll revert back to childhood, eat inorganic matter and speak in monosyllabic phrases.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,9/1/2013,227,88,5,8,6>The Forge is not just a regular night out, but a DINING EXPERIENCE!!!!Tonight was a my special date night with my princess and I could not have picked a better restaurant, than the Forge.Although located on a main street, the facade definitely stands out amongst all the other storefronts.  Once you enter into the Forge, you feel as though you have been wisked back into a time of elegance.  Frank Sinatra, Judy Garland, Sammy Davis Jr. could still be felt walking around or grabbing a Martini at the bar.  Walking into the restaurant, the ambiance, chandeliers, lighting and decor were jaw dropping.  I watched my daughters eyes taking it all in and my heart leap with joy.  We escorted to our seats, a feature with in itself, a high back, white leather throne.  I noticed there were several different types of seats, that one could choose; even ones especially for couples, where you could enjoy your meal sitting right next to each other, for more intimate dinner.  Yes, I have already started making future plans for my return.This restaurant could give lessons in customer service.  From the moment we entered, we were given the royal treatment.  Because it was a slow night, we given out preference of seating.  All of the wait staff were attentive and continuously checked on us.  BEWARE:  The water is $9 per bottle!!! I found that out, after I received the bill, (4) FOUR bottles later.Now to the part you guys really care about, the FOOD!!!! The Cerviche was fresh, but the citrus was a bit overpowering.  My steak was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I was tempted to see of I could cut it with a butter knife.  The desserts were refreshing, but I didn't feel they were up to the standard of the rest of the meal.  I will be back, maybe on a Friday night.  Let's all meet up for a glass of wine
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,8/31/2013,233,409,8,9,5>The purpose of taking a shot is to kick start a party.  The act is not subtle or refined - it is meant to deliver booze to your system quickly and effectively - before you even have a chance to think about the massive hangover you will have the next day.SHOTS happens to be a perfect name for this place.  Refined it is not - you won't see sparkler bearing Dom bottles being paraded to the VIP area here.  But if you want to kick start a party VERY quickly - SHOTS is the place to go.  Of course they serve shots here - more varieties than you can possibly think of, but they also come with props - hats, hammers, large penis funnels, you name it.   Cheesy props are actually pretty tolerable after a round of shots.In addition to crazy drinks, the DJ blasts crowd pleasing top 40 dance hits at 10,000 decibels.  You won't find any underground house music here unfortunately, but listening to Pitbull and Rhianna is pretty tolerable after several rounds of shots.So if you are intent on having a cheesy booze filled night with no drama, no dress code, and no cover, definitely head to SHOTS.  It's pretty conducive to bachelorette parties & shitfaced benders.  If you can't manage to have a great time here then you don't have a pulse.  Just get ready for the hangover the next day as it will be MASSIVE.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,5/13/2012,202,72,10,9,10>I know what you're thinking, "We need another coffee joint in Miami like Sandusky needs legal council." Oh, that's right, Miamians have an unnatural addiction to all things caffeinated especially if it starts with "Cuban" and ends with "coffee."Roho is not just another black-tar-slingin' coffee bar; it's a classy place with the best, that's right, I said it - THE F*CKIN' BEST, coffee this side of the Caribbean. The first thing you'll notice is that they ate a few square feet of store space to offset the front entrance in order to offer up an outside patio which is enclosed just enough to let you enjoy the smell of your cortadito and not those odd downtown passerby's.Troy, Roho's HMFIC, brought in the nation's only Ferrari Red, Victoria Arduino espresso machine - approximately $40k by my estimations. Combined with Roho's custom, home roasted beans and you've got some joe that I'd overdose on if given the opportunity.The prices are fair too. A buck and a half for the best colada of your life? Sold. Did I mention they serve some orgasmic truffles, pastries and dulce de leche cheesecake? There's enough here for you to have already stopped reading and rush over right away but what if I told you they've usually got unpublished specials like cafe con leche, pan y huevos for $5.99 along with empanadas and various other delights?Done and done, see you at Roho.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,5/12/2012,563,515,16,12,10>So I loved this place so much, I had to try it twice. This time returning on a Sunday to try their famous pop tarts featured on the show, "The Best Thing I Ever Ate". Word to the wise, come early they run out of the popular items such as their homemade Pop Tarts and Lemon Ricotta Pancakes.My friend and I sat down and ordered a rosemary crumpet with a raspberry sauce (keep in mind neither of us could recognize a crumpet in a line up of breads). She got Fingerlings Hash and the Almond French Toast with Apricot Compote Topping, while I got the Kimchee Benedict and a Skirt Steak.Now this is when our alternate universe and reality started to split into two.ALTERNATE UNIVERSEThe server brings out our appetizer, Rosemary Crumpet, but with the wrong sauce. We had options of raspberry and pineapple; I sample what looks to be pineapple and my initial instinct is to conclude its not pineapple, but I convince my mind it is a super sour pineapple sauce. We call over the waitress, "excuse me miss, we ordered raspberry not pineapple sauce" She responds, "that's apricot". Apricot! We are both baffled because that was not even an option. Further, we notice the crumpet has an odd shape and nowhere near the picture wikipedia showed us. Wikipedia is a good to use to look for other sources, but unreliable on its own.We dig in and our crumpet was an amazing, unworldly experience. At the same time, I am enjoying my Kimchee Benedict and Skirt Steak at an insanely slow pace, so my friend can get her French Toast and eat at the same time as me.We wait.....and wait.... and wait some more......till I say (in my head)....enough is enough and ask the waitress where is this French toast and Watermelon Juice. She apologizes and quickly brings out the juice and another....CRUMPET."Excuse me miss, but we already had a Crumpet; we are looking for French Toast" She responds, "that's French Toast, and don't worry you can keep that French Toast". REALITYIn reality, the whole time we were eating an amazing French Toast with Apricot Compote. Yes, yes the apricot being there makes sense to my friend and I. Wow, we felt dumb. The Crumpet never came and we decided to cancel the crumpet experience and save it for next time we decide to make a fool of ourselves at Michael's.As for the rest of the food, the Kimchee Benedict was savory and a fun mixture of flavor. The Skirt Steak, although small, was well cooked and juicy, while the watermelon drink was the perfect, fresh, refreshing refreshment to end the meal.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,5/11/2012,587,1627,10,18,9>I'm upping the rating for this place.This is an authentic taqueria that sells just that - tacos. Nothing more - you're not going to find nacho chips, burritos, or anything like that. Just pure straight-up tacos.And there's no place in Miami more authentic than this taco stand - not even all the Mexican places in Calle Ocho can compare. Because of the types of tacos they serve, it is an instant stand-out.TACOS: cuerito (pig skin), buche (pork stomach), oreja (pig ear), mazica (pork), lengua (cow tongue), tripas (tripe), bisteck (beef), and surtido (mixed). Once you order, you'll be able to see and hear the *WHACK* *WHACK* *WHACK* that comes with the guy behind the counter cutting the fillings with an oversized butcher knife. It's free entertainment and definitely makes me feel like I'm not in Miami anymore but in some roadside taco stand in Mexico (and I haven't been to Mexico yet). :)You can add cilantro, diced onions to the tacos as well as four sauces (two not spicy, two spicy (of jalapeno & of chile del arbol), and one spicier (of habanero).I recommend this place to try out these yummy and adventurous tacos, and get a taste of Michoacan!Oh, and the tacos are $1.75 each.Note: Street parking is free after 6 pm. The open-air establishment is open until 10 pm.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,5/10/2012,149,235,13,15,10>I tried to visit Eating House with my family once. My cousins were weary when I mentioned they served chicken and waffles, were even wearier when I said it was on 8th street and ultimately vetoed my suggestion when we drove past the Cafe Ponce location and the string lights and tiny tables didn't really appeal to their idea of "ambiance". Eventually we settled on a peruvian place with lights that changed colors constantly, served cow heart and over-sauced ceviche. So overall; major loss for that night. Finally rallied a group of more culinarily adventurous friends to go over on Friday night and try _everything_.We showed up circa 8 PM on a Friday night, famished. HUGE. MISTAKE. When it comes to being hungry, I was the inspiration for those Diva/Snickers commercials. The combination of the buttered-popcorn fumes wafting through air, the uncomfortable "waiting area" (an exercise in not sticking your butt into a seated-patron's food), and the heels I decided to wear that night almost broke me. Totally should have taken a cue from the elderly couple who grabbed two classes of wine, some stools and sat outside enjoying the breezy Friday evening on Ponce. After waiting an hour, we sat down, and waited. I don't know if it was the hunger or this amount of time actually elapsed, but 15 minutes later our server realized no one had tended to us yet and hurried over, apologized, and got us started with a few bottles of water for the table. No popcorn, though. After not-so-discretely whining about our hunger and with my finger poised on my phone about to tweet our order in hopes that would make service faster, our waiter showed up and just memorized the things we _didn't_ order on the menu. It was easier that way. (This was the menu that night, FYI: twitter.com/#!/eating_ho… )We started with the homestead tomatoes; lime, ginger, thai things and _frozen coconut milk_. WOAH. I was just waiting for my party to be distracted enough for my to furtively lick the plate clean. DE. LISH. US. Then we noshed on the crispy broccoli rabe and vaca frita bao. The bao was subbed for cuban bread because they had ran out (the place was nuts on Friday, seriously), which, while authentic, didn't really help to balance the greasy vaca frita. The chef did send an extra order to our table to compensate for the substitution and waiting situation, though, so we're still on good terms. For mains we ordered the sea scallops (which were a no-go because they ran out of those too), fried chicken thighs (and waffles), pasta carbonara, the duck breast with whipped sweet potato and smoked Dr. Pepper (?!), and the 24-hour beef short rib. The consensus was that the chicken and waffles are a must-repeat, the pasta carbonara was great, but not the _best_ we'd ever had, we could have done without the duck breast (but the whipped sweet potato in that dish was to die for, so I thought it was worth it. It is entirely possible that I hogged all of it and hence why no one else in my party was particularly impressed by the dish). The 24-hour beef short rib; probably the best thing to have ever come from a cow ever. We're talking about the same animal that made cheese and ice cream possible for us as a people. Those short ribs were phenomenal. PACKED with flavor and fork-tender. Guh. Please, make more. For dessert my party went the safe route and ordered the 'tiramisu' (served in a mason jar) and the fried b-day oreos. I had been lusting after the powdered nutella (with dry olive oil, caramelized panko and salt) but no one else was brave enough for it. As if reading my mind, Giorgio sent us one anyway. Thank god, because it was the kind of thing I came for; radically different and heavenly. Oh, and regarding the fried b-day oreos, the woman with the words (which may have been exclaimed one decibel too loudly), Cristina: "This is the most orally orgasmic thing I have ever had in my life. Don't make her wait, give it to her". Cristina also confirmed that this party of single girls won't ever want a boy again as long as those fried oreos exist on this planet, preferably on our plates. After we left, even after the personal service and some comped apps for the wait, the restaurant tweeted at us to apologize for all of the crazy. A week later, I dragged a friend in so I could try 'mac & cheese' for second dinner (no cheese, just pumpkin puree; awesome!) and Giorgio remembered me and apologized again! If i hadn't almost consumed my napkin in a fit of hunger the first time, this review would have been 5-stars for sure. So, go to Eating House, but keep an open mind about it, because the stuff that sounds the craziest, is probably the best thing you'll put in your mouth this month.Giorgio Rapicavoli; GREAT food, great glasses and great social media etiquette! (Also, great regular etiquette. When the place isn't crazy, service is always on point).
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,5/9/2012,131,70,7,12,9>I've been going to this restaurant for over 10 years now! Although the management has shifted and the cooks are different, the food is still authentic and delicious.Let me start off by asking you if you know how to decipher if an Asian restaurant is authentic or not. Do you know how to tell the difference? Well today is your lucky day, because I'm here to let you in on a secret. If there are Asian people eating IN the restaurant, then you're bound to be in an authentic, Chinese food restaurant. Your welcome. :)My family and I love to go for Dim sum on a Sunday afternoon. Dim sum is an experience in and of itself if you've never even heard or seen it. So you may want to go with someone who knows the food and can help you order. There are various small, medium and large dishes ranging from seafood to pork. The choice is yours! Here is the link with their dim sum menu and pics! (southgardenrestaurant.co…) My personal favorites are: Baked roast pork bun, shrimp dumpling, spare ribs with black bean sauce, stuffed bean curd skin, shrimp rice pasta, stuffed sticky rice, stuffed eggplant, fried mix dumplings and egg custard tart. (Some may sound weird, but I promise they all taste REALLY good!)For dinner we order our family favorites. Beef chow fun: stir fried beef, hefen (wide rice noodles), bean sprouts and scallions. Peking pork chops: tender pork chops with a sweet tangy sauce) Roast duck with a side of hoisin sauce. House special eight treasure pan fried noodles: (Pan fried noodles served with seafood) Stuffed eggplant: (Eggplant stuffed with a shrimp mixture and covered with a garlic sauce) Sauteed Kai lan (Chinese broccoli). *(If you're just looking for some $10 dinner special with special fried rice, honey garlic chicken, wonton soup, an egg roll and a can of soda, they can offer you that too, but why get that when you can taste the real stuff? Or you can go to your usual Chinese take out restaurant and scarf down Americanized Asian food.)*
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,5/8/2012,41,117,10,12,11>Michy's now occupies a golden Pöang (Ikea, anyone?) atop my list of favorite restaurants. The entrance faces away from the street and is flanked by a lovely patio area. After walking through the front door, you'll find yourself in a sea of blue, orange, and white floral prints and white light fixtures. Tasteful, but funky.Service was a single degree below perfection. Our waitress, Kelly, was a star, offering advice and helpful anecdotes to guide us through the menu. Make no mistake--you will need a guide--it can be a daunting task to navigate yourself down so many potentially wonderful paths. We chose to start our adventure with the goat cheese croquetas and fig marmalade. Right off the bat, an unconditional winner. Anything that's fried and light, as well as sweet and salty, wins my heart. The croquetas did just that. The ceviche came next. An oval bowl was presented to us containing parrotfish, calamari, shrimp, sweet potato, and roasted corn. It was delightful. Feeling adventurous we ordered the sweetbreads, and I suggest you do the same. What a treat! Paired with black-eyed peas and greens that had been cooked with a smoky meat, the dish was perfectly balanced and, I'll admit, a little bit decadent. However, the decadence of the sweetbreads took a backseat when our main arrived. I don't think you can go to Michy's without trying the short ribs. I won't do the injustice of trying to describe it, just know that it is absolutely wonderful on every level. Concept to execution. Lastly: dessert. Ricotta donuts lightly filled with Nutella and paired with a tangerine pot de creme. A nice, clean finish to a feast for the eyes, mouth, and nose. I cannot wait for my next meal at Michy's.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,5/7/2012,227,222,8,9,11>Man, whenever I come across a breakfast joint that is NOT named Denny's or IHOP, I get a little spring in my step. I mean, lunch and dinner are awesome (really, all food is awesome), but breakfast/brunch might be my favorite meal of the day.And Jimmy's totally fits the bill as an authentic, home-style diner.On a Saturday a few weeks ago, I woke up starving and probably still a little drunk, and as I'm sure most of you know, when you wake up feeling like this, what you have for breakfast will totally make or disastrously break your day.We came to Jimmy's on something of a whim. Not really at all planned the way you may plan to go to some other restaurant, and really, that's how a diner should work. Let's face it: you don't PLAN on eating diner food days in advance unless you wear overalls and trucker hats on a daily basis.Inside, Jimmy's was SLAMMED, so it's deliciousness is not a secret. Not a "hiddten gem." (I HATE that cliche. In fact, I hate most cliches. Except the ones that I use.) We sat in a corner in one of those two person tables with barely enough room for hands and elbows, and cousin, we used every inch of that thing.After starting with a cup of coffee, we ordered a plate of biscuits and sausage gravy to share, and I ordered a spinach and feta cheese frittata.I'll tell you this... I'm still dreaming of that plate of biscuits and gravy. No kidding. They totally incepted me. Definitely, if you're going to make your way to Jimmy's, you have to find a way to make the biscuits and gravy a part of your meal. And really, whenever you're given the option, the answer should forever be a resounding YES.The frittata was quite tasty, too. I don't know that I prefer it to a traditional omelet, but that's not a knock on it. And to Jimmy's credit, it was absolutely loaded with spinach and feta cheese. This place does not at all skimp.And what proved to be a great little surprise were the hash browns. You know how hash browns are usually soggy and, quite honestly, bland? Jimmy's hash browns are the antitheses of those other imposters. Crispy and golden brown, they are everything that an order of hash browns should be.I'm giving this place four stars and not five not on account of the food, but more so on account of service. I mean, the place was so full that it was impossible to accommodate adequately. Something for Jimmy's to consider.Still. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,5/6/2012,298,503,9,17,13>LOVE!!!!!Did I really have this place 15 minutes from my house all this time and had no idea? YUP! Now I have a lot of time to make up for. We spent New Years eve at the hotel and made reservations to dine here. A friend (Rebecca A. fellow Eliter) told me this would be right down my alley. SHE WAS RIGHT!We had the option of choosing a la carte or their New Years Tasting Menu (BINGO!). This was it: (and my made up ***** system per)Osetra Caviar- buckwheat blini's. ****Fennel Dusted Scallops- hearts of palm, Maytag bleu cheese (I substituted for goat) and lemon Dijon dressing ****Brazilian Salad- Avocado, hearts of palm, orange segments, Brazil nuts, passion fruit mango dressing *****Beef Wellington Surf & Turf - 5 oz petite filet, foie gras, shitake mushrooms & cippolini onions wrapped in puff pastry with a 6oz butter poached lobster tail served with vanilla butter. SERIOUSLY??????????********** (10 stars in a 5 star system)Trio of sides: sauteed spinach ***, truffle Mac N Cheese ***** and roasted mashed potatoes ****Desserts: Chocolate Budini with fresh berries & creme anglaise ***** or New York cheesecake with amaretto berries *****For starters they brought out their bread basket with specialty salts and butters.Yes, plural. Our favorite was the pretzel bread and mustard butter. INSANELY DELICIOUS.Service was fantastic and it was just unexpected all around awesomeness! Although nestled in an average 3 star hotel, they are a top notch act up to par with other self standing highly touted restaurants in the entire U.S! I wish they would have done a little more to acknowledge it was New Years Eve. We all gathered around someones I-phone for the countdown. But, not reviewing that. Just reviewing our restaurant experience and food. I cannot wait to return!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,5/5/2012,698,2029,12,11,12>I'm a museum freak. I love a museum, any museum, and the fact that I would seek this one out might lead one to think that such either proves that to be the fact or how desperate I've  become; but not really. This actually is a museum and as far as small specialty museums go, a darn good one and for me a very memorable as well as a  pleasant surprise.  It has a vast well displayed, though not necessarily orderly array of everything erotic or semi-erotic, particularly in art form around the world and what has been through the ages; everything from ancient Asian devices down to the infamous "chair" from the movie "Clockwork Orange" and well worth the price of admission. One of the best things about the place, as is the purpose of all good museums or works of art is what it brings out in you or reveals to you about yourself. Does just being there make you feel like a creepster, a nasty or a pervert? If so, then you like me, should realize you have a problem. However now with problem exposed and there being no good reason for it, you get over it, understand how foolish it was to have had it; your problem solved and you walk out a much better person for having had the experience. Now, how to Yelp rate the place? As museum against museum such as WEAM verses Louvre? No, that would be silly. The only way is for what it is, an erotic museum, one of the world's very few and as I can best discern, the best. Hence, 5 stars.Oh, and after a couple of cocktails with friends, you might be surprised about how much you now have to talk about and how interested they are in hearing about your adventure at the WEAM.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,5/4/2012,332,131,9,16,9>As a Miami "Tastemaker" I was invited to sample the menu at Haven by owner/founder techie genius Mike Boles who created a unique visual experience that he plans to bring to other cities in the USA and beyond. The space changes every few minutes thanks to a lighting and imaging system that puts a new image on the walls and manipulates the lighting to compliment it. So cool. Haven offers a generous happy hour daily (6p and 8p) with $5.00 menu selections and drink specials. People underestimate the Monday night date. If the date is good you can look forward to another and if the date is bad you have 5 days to find another option before the weekend. Haven is the kind of spot where you sit side by side, feed each other or at least share tastes. It's a form of culinary foreplay.  Here's a list of what I sampled.Lobster Scallop Ceviche. The fish is fresh, light and tasty with a great blend of red onion and jalapenos (minus the seeds) offering the right level of spice.  It's bathed in this amazingly citrusy dressing. Excellent to share.The Forest Salad consists of mixed greens and mushrooms. What makes it shine is the dressing of a balsamic base combined with other flavorings to make it a true stand out salad. The Sweet Fries (with aioli dipping sauce) were THE BEST OF MY LIFE. It's hard to get sweet potato fries perfectly crunchy. The portion is generous making it a MUST ORDER item to accompany drinks at the bar. "The Dallas" are two skewers of perfectly cooked filet mignon cut into cubes (and the skewers are metal so everything slides off them easily). The dish also comes with a medley of diced potato and corn, tomatoes and this grilled onion and sprinkled bleu cheese. To get the perfect bite take a piece of the steak, smudge cheese on it add the cherry tomato and a piece of the onion and when your toes curl you'll understand what I'm talkin bout. WOW!The Crab Cake slider was another nice surprise. I like the right blend of outer crunch, inner moisture plus good favor. It delivered. It comes on a little bun but I ate it open face for less carbs and more crabby goodness. Finally, I end my generous food sampling with the (cue the drum roll, fireworks and harps)The Chesapeake Diver Scallops wrapped with bacon. The scallops are HUGE! There's a smoky flavor to them that hit what I refer to as my T spot, the special place in my mouth where when touched the right way provoking a foodgasm.THE DRINKS: The drink menu is filled with very creative elixirs. I stuck to the white and red sangria. The white sangria tasted like a glass of holiday love with a nice apple grapey cinnamon taste. Deelish! The red sangria I shall now forever refer to as Haven's Panty Dropper Sangria for Sinners in Confession. Three sips and I was sharing my life story with the polite Mike Boles. His ears must still be bleeding (sorry Mike). The red sangria is juicy perfection. It's sweet not bitter which makes it dangerously easy to drink. It has this nice hint of fizz that I think goes straight to the part of a person's brain that makes you blab. For Dessert: Nitro Ice Cream with Sugar Cookie a lighter, almost like a super top notch frozen yogurt but with a distinct smoothness to it. It's vanilla with crumbled sugar cookie on top. I was so full from the food but this "tiny girl who can put it away" was able to indulge in a fair amount of this HAVENLY dessert. Overall my guest "tastemaker" experience was amazing. I'll be at Haven again for sure.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,3/16/2012,166,351,5,7,6>I was intrigued by this idea of a pop up bar, especially in the classic Indian Creek Hotel!I had come to the now defunct Creek 28 restaurant several times and just loved the atmosphere, so I was looking forward to checking out the bar.Fortunately, a friend threw a birthday drinks gathering there last week, so it was the perfect chance to check it out!The bar is in a small room, open to the courtyard in the back of the property. I love the room - it's like you were transported back in time to a roaring '20's speakeasy! The room is small and it gets hot, but fortunately, you can take your drinks out to the courtyard. Our hosts had ordered up several punchbowls that were filled with a potent pisco based punch. Glasses of punch were garnished with basil leaves and the drinks were a heady mixture of sweet and savory!Several people also ordered the "bartender's choice" which was entailed telling the bartender what you like and having him mix up a treat. I sipped on my friend's vodka drink - vodka, ginger ale, blackberries, some fresh squeezed fruit juice and basil. The BF also had a very potent bourbon based cocktail.The drinks are on the expensive side, but they are really made for sipping, not slamming and the ingredients are fresh and very high quality, so the price is totally worth it. The service is a little slow because there is nothing pre-mixed - no premade, corn syrup based sour mix or sweeteners. The drinks all have a lot of these fresh ingredients, so they are worth the wait! The music was great too! Nice mix of '80's, jazz, one hit wonders, etc. Not too loud, either!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,3/15/2012,330,118,10,16,13>A Little Bit of Philly is a little bit of AWESOME! I discovered this place about 3 weeks ago and on my first visit was told by one of the owners, Pat "once you try this place, I guarantee you'll be back soon" he wasn't kidding. I've been back 3 times since and I can honestly say this is one of my new favorite places in Miami Springs.I absolutely LOVE their Philly cheese steak stromboli. All the ingredients are fresh and straight from Philly. Oh, and did I mention it's massive?! It can definitely be shared amongst 3-4 people. One of my other favs is their Sicilian pizza. Hands down this is the best Sicilian pizza in Miami! it's light, crispy and cooked to perfection. They have a special of 2 Sicilian slices and a soda for $5. The place itself is a hole in the wall and the decor and menu are simple. Just the way it needs to be. The staff is always welcoming and they are open late on weekends. Oh yea, they also have $1 beer! So if you happen to be in the Virginia Gardens/Miami Springs area and in the mood for some delicious food, you must stop at a Little Bit of Philly. These guys are awesome, just check out one of their commercials!youtube.com/watch?v=z_nL…
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,3/14/2012,84,93,6,9,10>I had an absolute blast this past weekend at 2nd Saturday. I knew that I enjoyed the vibe of Wynwood, but have never seen any of the galleries there, so that was quite eye-opening. I saw some very abstract drawings/paintings/sculptures/I don't know what to call them, all the way to very specific erotica paintings and media that even made me blush (I thought this would be hard). I even saw a video of a woman paint the phrase "big bang" with a paintbrush held by her hoo ha. All I could say was, wow. Just another reason why I love Wynwood.I got there early because of the fear of traffic and (god forbid) paying for a parking space, but it wasn't bad as I got there at 7. There were people walking around, but nowhere near the amount of people that were there a few hours later. Around 9pm, the sidewalks and galleries were absolutely packed! I wanted to get a few drinks as I walked around and saw some sidewalk venders selling beer for $5, but I luckily walked into a gallery (I wish I remembered the name of it), but they had mixed drinks and Heineken light for free! As much as I wanted? Of course, they said.The people who I saw were mostly mainstream, but I was happy to see some hipsters there too as where I live in Miami, hipsters don't exist. Come hungry as there are plenty of foodtrucks too.I can't wait to go to the one next month.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,3/13/2012,374,258,5,16,9>What a fantastic concept!!On the second floor of the NW corner building in London Square, lies a place like you've never seen before (maybe you have, but I definitely had not)...A place where all your beautification and pampering needs can be met by one of many mini-salon/spas vying for your attention and business... at a discount!!The genius who thought of this idea also gets 5 stars in my book and should also have a review written about them to mark the greatness of this idea.The basic gist is that there are over 20 cubicled/sectioned-off "mini salons" for you to choose from. They've got nail salons, hair salons, and even a spa.  They've all got their own prices but YOU get to make the choice based on quality and cost on where you get your services done.  The best part? Since, obviously, the cost for renting the space is much cheaper, these little businesses get to pass the savings on to you! I paid 25 dollars for a blowout of my VERY long hair which normally costs between 35-45 anywhere else.  Hour-long massages for 55 bucks.  Mani/pedis for 20-30 bucks.  Unbeatable one-stop shop for prettyfying and relaxing!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,3/12/2012,73,205,12,15,12>I decided to celebrate my birthday at Lips... AND IT WAS AWESOME!I had been forewarned about the inconveniences... every person you RSVP for has to show up, or you pay $15 per person.  There is a $10 cover.  There is a food minimum of $15 per person (excluding drinks).  They won't split the check for you.  You can't pay with more than two credit cards at the most. 20% gratuity added to the bill.  I let everyone coming with me know about these issues, so everyone brought cash, and I had no problems with my party of nine.This place has such a fun atmosphere.  We were seated, and our waitress/performer Velvet came over and started the show right at our table.  My friend let her know it was my birthday, so I was given a crown, and later during the show I was able to go on stage with a piece of cake and take a picture with some of the Ladies of Lips.  While I was up there, the MC Diva proclaimed me to be a "transvestite piñata", which I took as a complement =].  They printed out a copy of the pic and presented it to me in a birthday card (I was charged a $10 "Celebration Fee" and it was totally worth it).I was worried about the food, but everything I tried was really tasty, including the coconut shrimp and the mozzarella tomato salad.The show was so much fun - these ladies have amazing costumes and performance skills (make sure you bring some ones with you so you can tip them when they come into the audience!).  Our waitress Velvet was by far the best - she lip-synced to Single Ladies and killed it! Basically I spent four hours with some of my favorite people laughing 'til it hurt.  If you are thinking about going to Lips, quit thinking and just do it!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,3/11/2012,73,112,9,10,9>One day, I predict this type of fast food will be exported to the rest of the country. This is when I count myself lucky to be exposed to Miami's collage of cultures, because I have experienced the perro especial. The first time I saw this, my Columbian friend convinced me to just bite into a hot dog which was covered in brightly covered sauces of yellow, white, green, red, and pink. You have to understand that I had never seen this done to a hot dog. Basically there a number of things you can order, but the perro version is a hot dog with pieces of ham added on, these chip like french fry things, and then mayo, ketchup, chimi sauce (don't know what this is, but it's good), pina sauce (like a pineapple sauce), mustard, and maybe even something else I've forgotten.You can mix and match sauces, but I say go all in and then dig in. Traditionally this is late night food to go with a long time of drinking, but that's not required. This can easily be enjoyed anytime, even if a salt inspired hang over may happen. I've chased Donde Timmy around for years, from a cart to a warehouse off of 112 St, to various other places and then to here. Maybe the place moves again in the next couple of years, but Timmy is worth following.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,3/10/2012,1208,265,4,8,6>What a pleasant surprise.  It reminds me of some of the more sophisticated, metro places to eat in Chicago and NYC.  Miami needs to support this place and give it some love.To start, they have the best bar I have been to in a while and the bartender made me a fantastic martini. Starters: Flat bread - awesome and must be sharedOysters - with bleu cheese  - super tastyMussels - in a great sauce and a nice portion sizeChicken wings - great, but there is other stuff a bit betterEntrees:Steak - fillet was perfectly madeMeatloaf - huge and super tastyBONUS TIME:You must try the banana cream pie.  It was the best I have ever had.  The chocolate tart was also solid.    Chef Tom was super pleasant and humble.   This place is great and the location is conveniently off South Beach.   TIP: Valet your car, it is cheap
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,3/9/2012,268,629,11,8,9>i was craving some chocolate goodness the other day when i suggested to my bf to make the road trip down to robert is here for my first visit. he eagerly agreed since we were already half way there at blackpoint marina. we walked in, reviewed the menu. i saw raspberry, key lime, coconut, mango, banana, mamey, blackberry, passion fruit, etc. you name it they've got it. except plain old chocolate and vanilla. my bf saw my sad face and said dont worry i will ask anyways. i pouted and said, they dont have it, it would be on the menu, at least a kids menu. so i began to contemplate my 2 runner ups, banana or coconut. neither of which were tickling my fancy. but i needed something sweet. when it was our turn to order and when the cashier said yes they had chocolate it turned my frown upside down. the shakes are over 5 bucks a pop but they are huge, one is big enough to share or it filled me enough that i didn't eat dinner that night. we walked around: fresh fruit - check. jam and honey - check. ( i bought key lime marmalade) petting zoo - check. live music - check. lots of people - check. we picked up our shakes and while i took my first sip of my chocolate shake i swear i heard usher singing "Oh, oh , oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Ohh my God. You make me want to say. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh..."
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,3/8/2012,233,409,8,12,10>This place is an oasis in Midtown Miami.  First you should go here because of the obvious reason - no corkage BYOB.  Once we told them we had a bottle of wine, they came out with glasses for the table with a smile!  This reason alone is enough to come here even if the food was absolute crap.  The big bonus here is that the food here is GREAT!   We didn't have the namesake pizza, but we tried various items on the Mediterranean menu.  We started with the Med combo platter and the hummus and grape leaves were great.  Next was the Lamb Schwarma which was absolutely delicious.  They also make homemade pitas here, with them arriving at your table hot and puffed out straight from the oven.I would highly recommend coming to this casual spot with your own booze to enjoy a great reasonably priced meal while sitting outside.  Most likely you will run into Michelle C the wine goddess or some of the other Yelp ladies as this has been a popular go-to spot for UYE book club and ladies night.You may even see Dom and Eschel with their noses pressed against the glass stalking the ladies....
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,3/7/2012,563,515,12,19,17>For my 400th review...... drum roll please....... New World Symphony's Wallcast at Miami Beach Soundscape Park.I brought my girlfriend to watch the free wallcast screening of Moulin Rouge and yes, as a real man, I can admit I thoroughly enjoy this movie. It's important to add I have a sensitive side. Honestly, it makes me all bubbly inside.The experience is supreme and legen..... wait for it..... dary. Picture is crisp. Sound is very good considering it is outside and is competing with city noises. I did not even notice any city noise. The crowd had good participation, but at the same time was very respectful. And the weather was flawlessly cooperating with my almost picture perfect date planning.Why was it nearly perfect and not just perfect? Well, it was my own fault. Here are a few tips for you to make it perfect.1. Get there early.It gets packed and if  you come late and end up far back or off to the side, some of the beautiful architecture in the Soundscape Park may get in your way.2. Bring a blanket and pillows.Yes, I brought a blanket, but a pillow would have made things more comfy lying down. On the side note, they have very nice grass if you do forget to remember this tip.3. It is BYOB. Bring a botlle of wine and snacks. It is dinner and a movie time.I failed on all accounts on this one. I forgot the wine on the counter and food was not even a thought.4. Use the bathroom before the movie experience.My girlfriend could not get in the New World Symphony building and had to use the restroom at Five Napkins. There was seriously more people in there waiting for te bathoom then eating here.5. Wednesday night is the movie screening at Soundscape. Saturday night is the screening of the symphony on the Wallcast. Both are free.Pick accordingly for your date. Both are wonderful.If you follow these tips, it will lead to a perfectly beautiful night and what come what may next is going to be behind closed doors.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2009,7/28/2009,269,332,7,4,3>If you only shop at American Apparel or Urban Outfitters, you found the right club to meet your kind. The bartenders look like they work there in the day and go straight to work at White Room after! :)Got there early at 10pm on a Saturday night, the fifth people in there...2 for 1 drinks till midnight I believe. Lovely, friendly, cool bartenders...I like! And they busted out the snow cone machines...I recommend Malibu with that! Delish...esp on a hot night!Music was banging...wasn't a big fan of indie pop/house/electronic...but it turned out good. Good crowd, straight, gays, big hair, torn jeans, bow tie...anything goes! :) The only thing was that some people there looked like they were 18 years old!??!  Huh?? Oh well...the young ones. DJ was good...threw in a couple hiphop in there! Oh, they played Blur's Boys and Girls...PERFECT song for the crowd there tonight. Definitely will be back when I am looking for a chillout bar/club...and when I fit into the tight AA outfits!Tip-bits:Snow cones a must! $5 a pop with a shot!Stripper poles for those phallically-inspiredSmokers everywhere, watch out for cigarette burns on the dance floor
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2009,7/27/2009,65,53,6,6,6>Okay, this place kicks @$$.  After hearing so much buzz and passing the huge billboard on US 1 5 days a week for I don't know how long I finally made it out to try this place and man, was it good. The place looks great, with a nice sized bar area, giant booths, and an outdoor seating area.  Hostesses were friendly.  Servers were polite, efficient, and offered suggestions.  Oh, and happy hour is half off appetizers.  So we pretty much ordered like 5 different kinds of appetizers and snacked on that.  Onion ring tower is a must.  I felt bad for wanting to eat it looked so damn cool.  Spicy Thai chicken pizza.  I want to kiss the person that came up with this.  Its like they combined two of my favorite things and put it on the menu just for me.  Chicken egg rolls were divine.  Jerk wings were, eh.  The sauce was the bomb though.  Wings were just kinda plain.  Didn't have any beer or drinks but from what I saw they had an extensive selection of brews.  Will have to try a few on my next visit.  Will I be back?  Abso-freakin-lutely.  I came on a Monday evening so there weren't too many people.  I can imagine this place is bumping on evenings and weekends.  Located in the luxurious Merrick Park where a credit check is done prior to your parking in the garage.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2009,7/26/2009,226,251,17,9,6>If you really must have the short hairs on the most delicate parts of your bodies ripped off violently, you'd better have the talented and lovely Ms. Erica Clark be the ripper.  Erica is fast, merciless, and accurate.  She is also funny, charming, and nice.  All of these attributes help if you're about to *willingly*(!!!) put yourself through this particularly 21st century form of torture (honestly, I don't remember Brazilians being a big deal when I was a teen).  The mimosas the good ladies at Wax On Wax Off hand you the moment you walk in the door help a bit, but I would also suggest:self-hypnotism3 valiums and some Etotal anesthesiaLacking those, simply grin--or cry, whatever gets you through this--and bear it.  Unlike the disaster perpetrated upon my privates at the dreadful Uni K. Wax in Mary Brickell Village, Erica will leave you as smooth and soft as the peach in their logo, after the angry red welts fade away, of course.  There's parking in the CVS lot behind the salon, so you're not quite so hampered by the blinding tears of pain flowing from your eyes as you hobble to your car.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2009,7/25/2009,341,375,7,8,7>Real Mom & Pop - I mean the mom works the cashier, pop can always be found and even their kids are getting to work and by the second time you come in they will recognize youIt is a small, health market with lots of products that I have never seen anywhere else in Miami and more...oh much moreWraps and Sandwiches - Big ass chalk board filled with different kinds  My favorite? haven't tried them all but haven't had a bad one yet   Soups - they have soups but unless I'm sick with a tummy ache, I stay awaySalad Bar  - $ 5.29 a pound, at least 40 different options with six home made dressings, fresh croutons of all sorts (as I get older, I am amazed that when someone says "bar" - salad bar is what I think of)In all honesty, if this place was on the beach or some of the other hipster area around town I would be the fortieth person giving this little slice of awesomeness five starsbutsince most don't know anything west of I-95 I am the lucky one that gets to have the blue First to ReviewCrown it!!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,7/22/2009,42,7,8,6,8>As an Asian, that also grew up in the restaurant business, I don't generally eat out at other Asian restaurants...especially also now being vegan. However, Miss Saigon is incredibly vegetarian friendly. They have Seitan, which on the menu reads "Satan", but it all goes in your belly the same way at the end of the day! Anyways, Seitan is usually only found in vegetarian organic restaurants, and the fact that they had it there, almost made me cry. When I went there a few weeks ago, I told the waitress I wanted something spicy, and she recommended the "satan" with lemongrass and curry seasoning, which wasn't on the menu, but she said they can make it. I now need to eat it once a week, or else, I get cranky. The first time I had it, it was like that scene in the movie Ratatouille when the food critic has that first bite of the ratatouille and it takes him back to his childhood and he drops his fork. Yeah. That was me :)
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,7/21/2009,31,93,3,4,5>Looking for Spanish Food? Look no further. Xixon is one of those little secrets that a selected few happen to know, but the place gets more and more notorious, for all the right reasons.My guess is that they did not to be this successful, because the place is rather small and constantly packed, but definitely worth the wait.There are many places in Miami that claim to be authentic "Spanish", but end up being some bad imitation of the real thing. This is the real thing.Service is good and corteous, and the food (mostly Tapas) is simply great, with true Spanish flavor. Please try the Gazpacho. They also have a great wine selection for a very reasonable price.If you are a soccer fan, you can also watch the "La Liga" matches during the weekends.Definitely one of my favorite places.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/13/2009,7/20/2009,10,28,4,4,3>Ok, I'll say this for them:  they really try.  But don't go there if you're in a hurry!  They are seriously understaffed.  On the other hand, they did come to pick me up, as advertised, very promptly.  And they were very friendly and were incredibly cheerful considering how chaotic things were that day.Of course then I had to wait an hour and a half to get a car while the two overworked staff members tried to help several walk-ins with no reservations, a lady with no insurance and no credit card who wanted to rent with a debit card, a family who had an accident with their first rental and were picking up another car but the substitute had a flat tire, etc, etc.  At one point it looked like all of Miami was going to walk through those doors!  The staff apparently had to go prepare the cars themselves because they would disappear mysteriously for 20-30 minutes to get the cars from god-knows-where because this was a small strip mall with no parking.  But I eventually left with a car and the return was not quite so bad, although on that occasion there were people there wanting a car with GPS and found out late in the process that none of the cars had GPS (strange, I thought) so they left after taking a lot of time making up their minds.On the plus side, I got to learn the entire life history of the people in the lobby as we waited, a microcosm of Miami.  If they had served some coffee and cakes, it would have been like a family reunion!
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,7/19/2009,69,50,5,9,7>This is like a Sephora and CVS with a hair salon all in one. They carry department store brands like Smashbox, Urban Decay, Bare Essentials, etc plus your regular Revlon, Almay and L'oreal products. They also carry hair care, skin and perfumes. Lots and lots of sales and buy one, get one free deals and coupons, if you sign up for their rewards club. Love it. Whenever I actually left the beach and would go south I would always stop at the Kendall location. So I was thrilled to see they finally opened a store on Lincoln Road and Washington Avenue. I stopped by Saturday afternoon to stock up on few needed items. Found out they are in "soft open" and their grand opening is soon - forgot to ask what date. I was extremely pleased with their service. I asked for recommendations on a curling iron and the hair salon manager stopped and helped me for about 10 minutes showing me the differences in each one. Then another lady helped me find several other things I was looking for. They are definitely still getting to know the layout of the store and still learning the differences in the brands they offer. The only negative is they don't seem to just know makeup at all. When I shop at Sephora and the MAC store the sales people know their stuff and can give you tips and pretty much expertise help. But since they are in still in training mode its forgivable plus they gave me a 20% friends and family coupon :)
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,7/17/2009,381,1142,5,6,7>I don't care what anyone says, the ceviche I had was incredible.  It was the most unique style of ceviche I've ever tried.  We shared the Tiradito Nikei...tuna, ginger, soy, shallots, jalepenos, cilantro, lime, grape seed oil, cucumber, avocado, and sesame seeds.  WE WERE HAPPY AS HELL.  Finding the little tunas lost in the sea of deliciousness was so rewarding.  The sauce along with the onions and cilantro was so amazing that you gotta  use their chips to scoop the rest.  3 of us ate three different meals and all were outstanding.  The place reminds me of Rosa Mexicano, but the quality, authenticity, and flavor of the food was all better in my opinion.  Only negative thing was the lack of table side guacamole.  I had the taquitos yucatan (cochinita pibil).  The tacos come in tiny corn tortillas as they should.  The pork was juicy, came with guacamole and a side of pickled onions, and rice/beans.  I tried some of the mexico city taqueria platter and it was a similar deal to the cochinita pibil with the tortillas, but you can delicious latin-tasting steak, a home-run sauce, and onions.  The chilaquiles had some of the best flavor of chilaquiles I've eaten at any restaurant.  My only criticism of the chilaquiles is that I think it would be better if they  boiled the tortillas to a point of al dente softness.  The fried eggs it comes with, the flavor of the crema and sauces, though are pretty much unbeatable.  The service was decent, not spectacular. As far as taste goes, however, I've tried 4 different items off their menu and they were all irrefutably fantastic.  So, I'm willing to bet you're in for a pretty incredible meal if you give this place a try and/or try some of the above dishes that I tried.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2009,7/16/2009,163,84,6,13,11>I visited the Wynwood Social Club last night as I didn't really want to do anything , but I figured this was too cool to pass up. So I turned up at the door paid my entrance ($10) and they told us it was BYOB place. It almost felt like a Speakeasy (or what I would expect a speakeasy to be). I found a place to sit and enjoyed the music coming out of the speakers. The band was called the 'Transit Blues Band' and they were belting out some great blues music. Which was definitely something outside of my current musical palette , but I enjoyed it none the less. The place itself was interesting with many different seating options. There were sofas there were charis there were even some school desks? There were also some records on the shelves which is always a nice touch imo. The place could use some better acoustics and maybe some ventilation , but other wise this is definitely a diamond in the rough. My friend said that there is something about Wynwood that lends itself to things these these. Next time I will be definitely bringin' some wine or some scotch and maybe a few more friends. It's the perfect way to kick off a saturday night (It only opens till 1) or have an early dinner (maybe across the street @ Joey's?) and finish off with some live music.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,12/10/2008,620,350,7,9,8>I'm impressed. After months of waiting for this new Indian place to open, I jumped on Yelp to check out the reviews. Based on the earlier reviews compared to my personal experience last night, it seems they have made some major improvements service-wise.I decided to come on an intense craving for spicy, but no craving to eat at a restaurant. I decided to get take-out. We were given menus and sat down on a bench at the back of the restaurant. While we were deciding what to pick out, they brought us some poppadoms with a red sauce (no idea what it's called) and water. I don't usually get served a snack while getting take-out, so kudos to that.We ordered some dhaka goat in curry sauce, chicken tikka masala, and a side of garlic naan bread. Prices were all right - ended up being about $40 total.We must've been greeted and thanked by every server there. It was nice to see that they're really focused on the customer (again, my expectations were really low due to the earlier reviews). But the food test was about to commence back at home.Aaaaaaaand they did not disappoint. Not at all. In some of my other reviews I've experienced eye-shutting-food - Bengal's food is definitely cursing food. The whole time we were eating my boyfriend was muttering in between bites, "f-ck yeah this is so damn good, ohh shit".So, there you have it. Word to the wise though - the goat is a minefield for really sharp bones. I was analyzing the left overs afterward and thought I could have possibly died if I was a more careless eater. Anywho - I won't deduct stars for that one because it would have been almost worthwhile.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2008,12/9/2008,749,521,15,15,18>Coming up to the Holidays, you are going to find here what you won't at Walmart or Target.  And yes, us parents really DO appreciate you buying our pre-teens those slime making kits that somehow always end up on the sofa....or the chemistry set that takes the varnish off the dining room table...after all, its the thought that counts.This is a relatively new store opened last year and I drive past it every day.  I decided to check it out because its around the corner from my son's daycare and he's recently taken a huge interest in writing and reading so I guess if its not nurtured now then he might lose interest.  This store has a vast and fantastic stock of learning tools and educational toys for all ages.  While its not for bargain hunters, the selection of great gifts for students of all ages more than makes up for the slightly higher cost.  My kids love this store.  It has everything you might need in order to make learning FUN.  Check it out when you are next in the neighborhood.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,12/8/2008,224,140,6,7,6>I love this place. Me gusta mucho Panizza.I work in the area and because my first friend in Miami was an an old lady from Cordoba I live love sandwich de miga. This place makes great ones and I eat them almost everyday.When the owner found out I was going to Argentina for a month - he made the whole staff only speak to me in Spanish to help me prepare.The food and the staff here are so great. They made feel just like a " Porteneo "  ( nickname for guy from Buenos Aires ) even for a little while I was in Argentina.I wanted to add that I had a Rotary meeting here last week because I has some guests from Argentina in town - they closed the back of the place off for me and 20 plus guest ---- The owners made it look like an elegant restaurant for the night and my guest were impressed.The made me look like I ran the place -- gracias !!!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2008,12/7/2008,30,107,1,6,4>Wolfe's Wine is a small shop on Miracle Mile, but they actually have a very nice selection of wine.  The people who work there are extremely friendly and will gladly answer any questions you have or recommend a wine for any occasion.  This is not the place if you're looking for your typical mass market label.  But if you like wine and are in the mood to try something different, then this is a great place to start!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2008,12/6/2008,31,54,4,11,7>This is a great spa located near Sunset Place.  Everytime I'm in need of a nice 80 min massage I head over to Myra's and receice great service. The employees here at Myra's are extremely nice to the clients, always willing to help and make you feel very relaxed (the reason you go to a spa).  The mani and pedi's are the best you can get in town in my opinion, a bit pricey but definitely worth it.  Yes, the place is not the biggest place but it makes no difference because everything else here is simply divine!  Head over to Myra's and make your life a lil bit better.  = )
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2008,12/5/2008,28,23,10,12,7>Happy Hour- $5 grey goose martinis, 1/2 price apps, and big tv's - I'm in!!!I couldn't believe the $5 grey goose martini price and almost fell out of my chair. I had 4 and finally did fall out.Good time, great place.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2008,12/4/2008,0,15,5,18,7>Loved the gym!  Great equipment, spacious workout floor and not crowded at all.  The architecture is especially notable -- a cross between a hot club and MIMO 1958, though some may find it a little TOO  clubbish and dark (like you expect to find a guy lounging on a banquette with a martini in his hand by the lat pulldown).  Attractive -- very attractive --  crowd.  I also got a great introductory deal. On the downside, the parking. $7 to $8 w/tip X 20 times a month and you get $160.  And you have to tip extra ($5) for the valets to keep any kind of special  downstairs out front (one of my cars is a classic, restored) and away from their paint nicking, mysterious damage-causing "driving."    OK when times were better, but economy not so great now, so $s add up. Long story short, I ended up canceling during trial period, but only due to parking.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2008,12/3/2008,14,6,4,8,7>These are the best wings in Miami.Special Grilled (their original) wings is the only way to go.They are consistent and full of flavor.The fries are great too.Hooters can never live up to this.This is a Kendall staple, stuff of legend.It's a real, homegrown, privately/family owned (no corporate mess) sports bar and grill in a humble suburban neighborhood.If you want a watch any important game there get there maybe 3 hours early to land a table.Takeout is usually a good move.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,12/2/2008,291,274,8,8,9>Mix carnival food and Christmas, and you have what Santa's enchanted forest is. If you drive on the Palmetto in the evening anywhere from September through January, than you've seen it. They have beautiful lights and tasty food. Sure there are rides too, which some are fun, but the main reason for going is the atmosphere. As citizens of Miami we don't get cold weather, or leaves changing colors. What we have is the growing numbers of lights being tested next to 826 everyday during rush hour. The light poles get the tensil ornaments and Christmas tree stands popped up in every free lot on US1.To me it isn't the holidays in Miami until I have a bag of the mini fried donuts covered in powder sugar from the first food stand in Santa's. For those who like carnivals this is where you want to go.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2008,12/1/2008,381,1142,5,6,8>What a place!  A high end Argentian restaurant with class, taste, comfort, and good service.  The lighting is perfect and the atmosphere is great.  The walls are filled with all kinds of wine from all over the planet.  I tried a Malbec grape wine called Altos. The Malbec grape was originally from France but did not do well there and then flourished as a use for wine in Argentina.  It was a robust red wine which perfectly accompanies steak.  My favorite steaks there are the Ribeye with the bone-in (22 oz), the Bistec De Chorizo (18 oz), and the Entrana Steak (16 oz).  They start you off with a bread assortment and a variant of chimichurri for dipping.  Much better than chimichurri though.  I like to get the caprese salad to start.  They'll bring two slices of giant tomatoes covered with fresh mozzerella, olive oil, and basil.  The meat is cooked perfectly and is sometimes accompanied by garlic chips or some very good Argentian french fries.  I also highly recommend the empanadas.  For such a high end classy restaurant, the prices really aren't too bad.  You definitely get what you pay for.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2008,9/26/2008,620,350,5,9,6>This is the SoBe bar for those feeling down about SoBe prices.If you're reading this page, you've probably already decided to check the place out. So while you already know the pros ($3 beers, big variety, laid back atmosphere), here are some tips to have a successful outing at Zeke's:1. Hit up the ATM  beforehand. No credit cards are accepted.2. If you're buying your friends a round of drinks, make sure you have everyone's ID. They'll only sell you one beer per ID and there's no excuse in the world that can get you out of that.3. Have a designated table-finder. This place gets packed and outside/inside seating is a quite a mission. Get one of your friends to stay behind (and give you their ID so you can buy their drink) and round up chairs as as people leave. Congratulate them with an unusual beer from Africa or something.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2008,9/25/2008,23,23,3,4,2>This is a restaurant that is only seen because you had to get to CVS for milk. But even as a hole in the wall the service was excellent. The food was Delicious and hot. I like this place a lot. I ordered the cod fish fritters appetizer. It was amazing. Perfect for one or two people and it had this garlic sauce that is finger liking good. Then I order croquetas and a tamale. Those too where very good.My hubby ordered roasted pork with white rice, black beans, and a side of fried green plantains (tostones). He said it was very good. The only reason I don't give the five stars is because the prices are not really budget friendly. It would be to pricey to go every week but I would go here anytime I have friends or family over because the environment is nice, calm, and inviting.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2008,9/24/2008,115,189,3,7,4>haven't stayed here, but went for happy hour on a friday at Level 25.  awesome views of the city and key biscayne... good drinks and really nice staff.  appetizers were really good too.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,9/23/2008,14,6,5,7,6>It IS the best pizza in Miami, IMHO.The Soprano is my pick, it's a great one with the sweet and spicy sausage.Breadsticks also, FTW.55th Street Station is superb.You can also get your car washed while you grub.The only I reasons it doesn't get 5 stars is because:1) They stopped delivering south of 35th Street and I'd been ordering from them for years.  They gave no notice, unfortunately.2) One time a manager (heavyset bearded guy) caused a scene inside and rudely screamed at a customer in front of other customers and his employees. He was refusing to give him service because he wanted to eat his pizza at the restaurant instead of taking it out.3) They stopped carrying those Pago brand juices that you could not get anywhere else.  If you've been to Spain, you may know how good those are.A great manager they had once named Eric is no longer there.When pizzas would be late, he would always write down customers in a book and honor a free pizza for them in the future - he'd honor it for dine-in as well.  When you'd call to order again he would often pick up.  He'd remember customers by first name and was incredibly attentive.If you want great service, ask to sit in Casey's section.  She's on point.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,9/22/2008,224,140,13,9,6>As a busy guy with varied interest, I find there is one thing that is really hard to find. A good barber that you can get a good quality haircut without totally taking a day off from work or losing your whole Saturday that does not after tipping cost more than a meal for 2 at Mortons Steakhouse.No ! I don't have an appoint nor do I want Jean Pierre or some body else to give me a mocha seaweed facial and scalp cleansing.I just want a haircut.SportClips is in Midtown Target Center and is local barber meets a sports bar and has a baby that looks like Foot Locker.Flat screen TV playing ESPN and sports and little TV right by your chair so you can see it the whole time you are getting your cut.All the barbers can cut any type of hair - as a Black guy I usually need to go to " the Hood " to get it done right. There 50 year old  business men from Coral Gables to skate punks all there getting every cut imaginable.If you want you can get a shampoo and shave if you want. I never have but since there are some nice looking lady barbers there, I could see that in my near future.You are greeted at the door with a smile and your name is taken and you are seated while you wait. First come first served and it is steady but not crowded. i have never waited more that 15 minutes for being seated in a chair.Also nice for Miami, you are offered a bottle of cool water while you wait, instead of being forced by some old crusty Wallmart discount soda from a machine that barely keeps them cool.The price for a Men's cut is $18 - plus tip. Totally worth it rather than wasting hours watiing in the Hood or worse the Hair Cuttery reading Cosmo Mag - with the same article on " Sex Secrets Your Man Won't Tell You " - (  Ladies we have no secrets  when it come to that )If I did not have cable at home or my tv was busted, I would go there an get a haircut and stay around with my cool bottle of water and Pizza hut pizza from Target and watch a game
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2008,9/21/2008,31,54,3,7,6>Oleta River is one of my favorite places to get down and dirty here in Florida! : )  But be warned this is a place for real adventures and people who don't mind getting a little dirty.  The mountain biking trails here are great and you will definitely get a great workout.  I need to mention though, for those who are beginners be careful and try to start off slow, as I almost broke a leg here once.  I'm writing more about the mountain biking experience because that is what I love most, but Oleta has much more to offer than just mountain biking trails.  They have a nice little beach and kayaking where you can enjoy a great day of relaxation and nature which is simply divine in my book.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,9/20/2008,38,90,2,5,5>What a cool place! Some friends, my wife and I went for the first time. We enjoyed just sitting at a table and listening to band. It did help that the weather was perfect (Outdoor venues can get a bit warm in the summer). The bar reminded me of a college party including the drink prices. The band that played started the evening behind the bar. This is by far one of the coolest spots I have been to in a long time. Oh they have mini golf, but we will play a few holes next time.For photos I took check outphotos.gdcgallery.com/p1…
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/11/2008,9/19/2008,291,274,2,13,4>There are three fields, two big fields, and one small field. It is open tues-thurs nights which is the best thing about this place, because it is actually possible to play during the week.Only really had two problems with it, one is you have to use field paint, which means you have to use the paintballs that they sell.The other problem was the only other people there were teams, so unless you want to get beaten badly, it is a good idea to come in a big enough group to play a full game
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,9/18/2008,26,45,5,3,5>I used to think that Employees Only in Manhattan had the world's best macaroni & cheese because theirs involved gruyere and brie.  The Capital Grille showed me that I was wrong: macaroni & cheese with lobster is where it's at.No, seriously: people talk about the steaks, the wine list, the library-type atmosphere, and the wine lockers - those are all great - but they're missing the lobster mac & cheese.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,9/17/2008,19,29,9,8,5>I honestly love this restaurant, but the only reason i'm giving it a four is because anyone planning on eating a full dinner here, prepare to spend about 3 1/2 hours here. I was a little mislead and didn't think makeing fondue would take as long as it did and left upset that i wasnt forewarned by the staff. If you plan on catching a movie after dinner, then cancel because plan on spending the rest of the night here. I thought this wasn't normal after eating here the first time, but i've been back about four or five times since and its been the never-ending story with them. Another downer to this place, besides the fact that your butt goes numb from sitting for so long, is that you tend to leave this joint smelling like an old cuban lady who spent all day frying tostones. Not great smell, especially after the smell lingers in your clothes and your hair.On the food though, it's really yummy. I love the cheese fondue (all of them are great) and the main entrees are all delicious as well.  The best part is dessert. I love the ore cookie fondue as well as the smores fondue. Alot of people usually come here just for dessert, i think im going to do this in the future too cuz it's really what i look forward to the most here.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,12/19/2013,221,253,4,6,5>I like Neo Nails.  They're located right off SW 8th street in a small shopping complex so it's easy to get to from I-95.  This was the second time I'd been in urgent need of a service & couldn't get to my regular spot during my lunch hour.  This is the second time Neo Nails has worked out for me!I've gotten a manicure here and a pedicure.  Each service has been great.  I had different techs and they were both friendly and attentive.  They listened to my concerns and requests and addressed all professionally.  They do a good job on nails, being really detailed yet careful about cuticles and surrounding skin.  Prices are higher than what I've ever seen on individual services but the website has had a few coupons I've been able to use so it balances out.I love the huge selection of quality nail colors (Essie, OPI & Nabi - who I've only seen here).  The salon itself is very pretty & modern - with white interior, a contemporary tiled floor and color-changing wall.  Stations are on the smaller side to fit the size of the space but they are adequate & don't feel too tiny when you're sitting down.  Everything is super-clean - stations, chairs, windows - everything.  It's relaxing and very comfortable inside.  Temps are good, music is at a decent level (pop music when I've been).  The manager/owner comes by to ask if you want a drink.  Nice atmosphere.Neo won't be my first-choice for nail services only because I am already addicted to my usual nail-care provider.  However, Neo has come through in a workday pinch & I won't hesitate to come by the next time I'm in need & can't get to my usual place.The parking situation is tricky b/c there never seems to be a space BUT on my latest visit, the manager/owner gentleman let me park right in front of the door & he moved my car once a space became available.  So great points for customer service!!!
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,12/18/2013,189,216,5,12,8>Based on rave reviews and a friends recommendation, I'd been wanting to check this place out for a while. Although I tend to stay in the Wynwood-Design District-Sobe-Brickell area, a couple weeks ago my boyfriend and I ventured out to Little Havana (on the Friday that happened to be Viernes Culturales no less) to finally check it out.Overall the service was very good - but the star of the show was definitely the food.Everything on the menu is sort of a cuban/italian fusion, which I think is a pretty unique and interesting combination.We ordered:- Polenta with Mushrooms, Bolognese, and Buffalo Mozzarella- Four Hour (or Three?) Short Ribs - Pumpkin & Scallop RisottoWhile you really can't go wrong with any of these dishes - they were all phenomenal -the Short Ribs were definitely the favorite of the evening. It was such an interesting combination and they were bursting with flavor.We probably got there a little early by Cuban standards - it was empty when we showed up and jam packed by the time we left around 8:30. They have a small indoor stage where it seems a band/artist goes up on weekends sometime after 9:00pm. If listening to live spanish music while you eat is your thing, you may want to make a later reservation.Tip: parking can be kind of a nightmare - save yourself the trouble and bring $10+ tip for the valet. We had to go on an ATM mission after dinner to find cash after we had no other option but to valet or walk 3 miles to the restaurant.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/17/2013,155,38,7,8,8>It's been almost a full year and I can say I am finally back on track ready to talk about what a stressful (but beautiful) time in my life. One person that made my life easier during this time was Paul from Orange Candy. He met us at our venue, not once but twice in advance to discuss shots. He was open to my suggestions and responded to my constant emails about shots I saw on Pinterest and wanted to emulate. Day of the wedding he was super professional, showing up to my hotel room early and relaxing me with his joking nature and calmness. He took beautiful shots of me getting ready which I will treasure forever. Since we did not see the need for a limo to go 30 blocks from the hotel to the venue, Paul drove me to my wedding! What more can you ask for in a wedding photographer?!During the wedding he let me be the boss and was hands-off and let me tell him what I wanted pictures of (lots of dancing and partying). After the wedding he delivered exactly what he promised, images of my wedding edited and burned onto DVD's in a timely fashion. If I had to do it all over again there are some things I would change (my florist and event planner) but my photographer would definitely be Paul!!!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,12/16/2013,235,198,7,10,8>Putting your child in day care is extremely difficult... I mean you're putting trust in others to take care of your child! I have searched long and hard, and came upon this day care through recommendations. I have always been a stay at home mommy so it was really hard to think about my mini being left alone for someone else to take care. Well let me tell ya! This place makes you feel at ease. It's right next to West Miami School. You walk in and immediately greeted. You are able to tour the school by appointment at best to not disturb the children. The facility is colorful and very clean. Kiddie art work is hung throughout. The teachers are friendly and very helpful. I just met them but I feel like I've known them for years. The kiddies wear uniforms, and the groups are small not overwhelming. You receive daily reports in your minis book bag of diaper changes, snack and lunch intake and behavior. I LOVE THAT! The best part of this facility is that they are open  24 hours which is so convenient for those parents who work the night shift as well as weekends! They work with the parents not against, accommodating as best as possible. They provide breakfast and lunch which is cooked daily. The breakfast and lunch schedule are hung on the wall so you know what your mini will be chowing down on.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,12/15/2013,136,69,7,4,7>Midtown is growing onto me lately! I visited Gigi's last week and even though I ordered small plates, I still thought the food was pretty good.We walked in and almost felt a little awk because we were just standing waiting for a hostess or ANYONE to seat us...waited a few good minutes for someone to show up. My friend that had never been to Gigi's even asked me "Are we supposed to just sit wherever?" ....."Umm no, but I'm definitely considering it" ( I was hungry- I get sassy and impatient at times like these....the struggle is real)I ordered a Stella, pork buns, carne y pico buns and cornbread. The pork buns were better than the carne y pico- the carne y pico tasted like a beef burrito. :-/ Tasty but not exciting! The pork buns were delicious! Especially with the 3 sauces that they have at the tables! The texture of the bun was so light and fluffy.The cornbread was delicious! Sweet and warm with toasty edges! The butter it came with tasted like maple bacon?... Not sure the exact flavor but it paired great with the cornbread. And the fact that Gigi's is open late is definitely a plus!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,12/14/2013,182,156,4,7,7>Happy Hour at Khong is fun -- It's from 4-7pm, and the prices change each hour. It's kind of a funny race to order things before the hour changes and the price goes up!After attending a Yelp event here, I knew I would be back. The happy hour was the perfect second experience. The service is amazing -- the servers will answer any questions you have and will make great recommendations (something I value highly as a bad decision maker!).We alternated between the Tak Tak Punch (with rum) and the Killer B (with gin) since those were available on the HH menu. The pork ball was so yummy, and pretty darn spicy in a good way. The chicken wings were also a great sharing plate. We kept ordering plate after plate of each one, and were fighting over the last bites each time! The food really is great here.I am dying to return to Khong to have a full-on dinner. But I definitely recommend Rush Hour Happy Hour!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,12/13/2013,79,152,5,7,6>I love crepes and haven't been lucky enough to find good crepes in Miami. This spot gets my sweet crepe addiction covered. I must mention i have been here a few times and never had savory crepes so not really know how they are.The sweet crepes are yummy. It is a small, local hangout that serves mainly coffee and tea. Teas i heard are great as the hubbie and the mom had some coffee and tea there and told me so.I can only speak for the sweet crepes. They are good, nice size portions and what i like about this place most is the service. Everytime i have been there it has been good.Once i went to order my usual, and the waitress told us "we don't have strawberries"....i was like "ok, no biggie, no strawberries then". But when she brought me my crepe it didn't have ice cream. I asked her "i ordered ice crea" and she told me they did not have ice cream either. I was like ok, she could have told me that and i would not have ordered this crepe... My husband and i were commenting on that, how that was bad service and she should have said something. There was a guy sitting at the table next to us and i guess he heard the conversation that we were having because he got up and came back 5 minutes later with a cup of ice cream for me!. I take it that was the manager and he overheard us and went to the store to get the ice cream. Well played.Because of that, i decided to give Moloko another chance and i kept going back. Haven't had an issue since.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,12/12/2013,708,615,7,10,10>I'm pretty sure I am going to have to come here at least three times before I try all of the dishes I want to. Fortunately, I have one experience down the hatch and pretty much loved every bite I took. Besides the food, I loved the comforting feel of this place. Very well designed and chic yet cozy. Be forewarned - the portions are small. Yes, they are meant for sharing, but me and my boyfriend butted forks a few times over who got the last bite of bone marrow or the fruit atop the goat cheese flan. Along with those dishes, we tried the shrimp and grits croquetas (a special for the night I can only hope becomes a mainstay) and taro root poutine which might have been my fave but I'm a sucker for Velveeta cheese. There's pretty much not one thing that disappointed. The food came out quick and hot. We were seated at the bar with Ricky as our attentive server and wine sommelier. He was really nice and happy to make recommendations which made our ordering even more difficult. Torrejas, pan con tomate, tamal en casuela, pan con lechon... I'll be dreaming of the day I finally cross every menu item off my list.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,12/11/2013,42,22,5,6,7>This place was quite the culinary adventure!  I came for dinner two Saturdays ago with a group of friends (we were four couples) and as soon as we were seated I promptly put my trust in my friends who had been there before to place our wine and food order.  I think the MUSTs were the tuscan sushi and the foccacia, but other than that we let the chef be our guide.  Plate after plate arrived with little bits of deliciousness.  What we did worked out perfectly all the way through dessert.  I think the stand-outs for me were the focaccia which was perfectly salted with some specialty black sea salt i think, the salmon on quinoa, and the homemade ice cream that came with dessert!  My mom has made homemade ice cream for years, and I love interesting flavor choices when it comes to this medium.  The consistency was great, not too icy or greasy at all, which was a pitfall early on in my icecream making experience.  This place definitely requires you to be open-minded about your food and put your trust in the chef: which I love about  the little restaurants I've been to in New York City and I'm glad to see something like this here in Miami. Some comments mention the chef's daughter as a negative, but I thought she was charming and for the entirety of our meal kept to herself until she came over and socialized after dessert was for the most part devoured.  : )  Again, this isn't uncommon in small, family-run restaurants in other cities.  Just know before going in , and make your choice to dine here accordingly.  : )
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,12/10/2013,4,13,3,5,5>JR's Burgers.......how can even begin to describe JR's???? It is an absolute GEM for burger lovers. There was literally a point in time when my friends and I would go once (and even twice) a week. These are without a doubt the best burgers in Miami. One of the greatest qualities of JR's is ther "Burger of the Week." Each week, the chefs create a masterpiece of a burger. The burger on the menu are divine, creative, and so tasty.The quality of meat used for the patties is so great. I had never tasted such a juicy burger until eating at JR's. The sweet potato fries (you have to ask for the dipping sauce!!!) & onion rings are my favorite side dishes.  When is comes to the regular burgers on the menu my personal favorites are TEX-MEX, TERIYAKI, NAG, and BIG DADDY. They also have craft beers & DELICIOUS flan!!! (pumpkin flan around the holidays)You can always call ahead or check their FB/Instagram/website to find out the burger of the week. My alllllllllllllllllllll tiiiimmmmme faaaavorite is AVOCADO FIELDS. Literally perfection. Second favorite is DIRTY DOZEN (a krispy kreme donut used as buns, cheddar cheese, and bacon-yum!!!) MONSTER BURGER and VALLEY BURGER are superb as well. You can obviously tell that I'm a regular here-lol. IF you are craving a GOOD and SATISFYING burger.....you must visit JR's!!!!!!!!The owners are extremely personable and friendly too!!! And overall great experience is in store.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,4/20/2014,327,121,2,11,9>I have no choice but to give this place 5 stars. If I choose to get my nails done, I usually go Mondays because I can just walk - in and it's not the crazy hustle and bustle. I actually use to come to this particular salon yearssss ago with my mother. My mother would always go to Jade and I would go to a younger girl about my age. Today was actually my first day back in such a long time and I have to say they did an AMAZING job renovating & updating their salon. It feels rather nice, comfortable and clean. Everything looks so neat and brand new. Chairs aren't tattered, massaging pedicure chairs aren't holey and the remote for massages actually work unless a lot of other places! lol, it's the truth. A pedicure here is a couple more dollars than I'm use to paying. I know I could go to other places and pay an even $20 or even lower for a slow week day but I would gladly pay the price because the standard of the work and grooming is just THAT good. My technician did an amazing job, took his time and my nails really show for it. I hate going to get a pedicure and you're practically done in 20 minutes. But here you really feel like you're getting a special treatment and care. This salon also seems to offer MANY MANY services like a spa treatment wrap for weight loss, waxing and threading, eyelash extensions. I might try the Eyelash extensions here sometime in the future!I saw they have an Instagram: jade_nailspa and I was kinda creepin' on their pics while getting my nails did. hahaLo & behold, I found my friendly neighborhood nail salon in Kendall :D
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,4/19/2014,131,120,6,12,8>Had a girls night out this Thursday at Vinos in the Grove. Let me just say, I am blown away by this place!We asked to choose our own seats immediately. I am guessing it isn't this way on weekends, but this slow Thursday night was perfect for a relaxing, classy night out with the ladies.They have bottle specials that change every so often, ranging from $18-28. Their regular wine menu is quite extensive, with prices ranging from $21+. The employees here are all incredibly knowledgable on the wines and our server was able to recommend us two EXCELLENT wines in our price range. They even brought us multiple cups so we didn't have to pour different wine into the same cup.They also provide these savory, buttery almonds to cleanse the pallet between wines. The French cheese trio was a lovely addition to our wine tasting. It brought 3 large wedges of cheese, figs, honey, more almonds, and the most delicious little breads. This is enough cheese for 3 people easily. We had to ask for more bread to finish the platter!They close at midnight on Thursdays, but they didn't rush my party or the other party seated outdoors to leave. We stayed until 1245 or so, and the other party was still there!Our bill came out to $81 for two bottles of wine and a cheese platter. That was $27 before tip per person. You really can't beat that price!!!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/18/2014,221,253,16,16,13>Cinnamon rolls.There's really nothing else to say.I mean, I could sit here and make something up.I could tell ya'll about how I walked in the wrong door and was politely escorted back outside (LOL, nice guy though!  But, yeah, don't go in the open side door.).I could tell ya'll that there's a field of strawberries behind the building that you can handpick yourself.I could even tell ya'll about the milkshake made with ice cream and fresh strawberries that my friend said was delicious or even the 8-feet tall (ok, maybe "inches tall") ice cream sundae with fudge and fresh strawberries that the family of 3 ahead of me in line enjoyed.I could tell ya'll about how we stood in line for a solid 30 minutes to get said cinnamon rolls.I could tell ya'll to park across the street at the middle school because you won't find parking in front of the store.I could tell ya'll a few things.But I won't waste ya'll time.Again, I'll just say CINNAMON ROLLS.  There is nothing else to say.  Don't ask questions.  Don't wonder why.  Just go to Knaus Berry Farm and order a dozen warm just out of the pan cinnamon rolls.Just do that.And then come and write your review, and I'll see what else you have to talk about.....other than the CINNAMON ROLLS.Bye.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,4/17/2014,1381,665,11,18,13>Dear Little Wonders,Where do I begin?  I have to thank Michelle C. for recommending your facility to me, because I would honestly be lost without you.  I was on maternity leave and still had not found any childcare for my newborn when I was 6 weeks away from returning to work.  Needless to say, I was panicked.  So I did what I thought was the most logical way to find something, I posted a thread on Facebook, reaching out to all of my friends and family, for recommendations on childcare.  Hence where Michelle C. comes in.  I immediately called you and scheduled an interview for that Friday.My husband and I went to the interview together, along with Avery.  We were blown away from the moment we walked in.  We could feel the warmth and love oozing from the walls.  There is so much attention to detail in every nook and cranny, from the ceiling-to-floor decorations to the music that is always playing where ever one goes.  By the time we finished talking to Ileana, the owner, we knew that Avery needed to be HERE.  No questions asked, do not pass GO, do not collect $200...  "Where do we sign up?!", we said!  At first we were worried because you didn't immediately have room available for Avery; however Ileana worked her magic and by the time Avery was ready to start, you were waiting for her with open arms and a full-time availability.Your teachers are all very loving and genuinely care about the children as their own.  Each age level has their own area and the children of different age groups rarely intermix.  I like this because it gives each child a chance to develop at their own pace within their age group and they are not competing or trying to be ahead of where they are at.  There are developmentally-appropriate toys, activities and education for each age group as well.In the infant room, the teachers are all amazing.  There is Miss Olga, Miss Angelica, Miss Esther and Miss Gisella.  I love each one of them for how they love and care for Avery.  Every single one of them loves her as if she was theirs and they are like that with every child.  There is not one child that receives more attention than another.  They are treated equally and they are treated with genuine love & care.I LOVE the fact that you send us pictures of Avery throughout the day.  I get to see her smiling face and know that she is doing well.  You have an open door policy, which is very important to me.  I have the ability to show up at any time and hang out in the infant room with Avery.  I take full advantage of this as I am now working very close to home and your school, so I see you guys every day at lunch when I come to see the princess.  I LOVE that your facility goes all the way through VPK and that for alumni students you offer aftercare once they've graduated past Little Wonders.  :)You are a full-service childcare facility that my life would not be the same without.  Avery is such a well-grounded, down to earth baby, and I know it has to do with the care she receives.  Thank you Ileana and Little Wonders.  Thank you for loving Avery every day.With love and eternal gratitude,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/16/2014,529,642,15,25,23>Apparently, I had met the guys behind Wynwood Brewing at the now-defunct Abraxas Lounge, before there even was a Wynwood Brewing. Cool dudes - I like the service here, it's hip without acting like such snotty hipsters....even though the girls behind the bar last time I stopped in had such a bad case of song ADD; they'd keep changing the music on the playlist every 2 minutes.The brewery's location is theoretically in Wynwood, but it's not right by Gramps, Panther Coffee, Wood, etc. On a Google Map, it LOOKS like a nice, easy walk from Panther, but it's lengthier than it appears, and runs through an eerily desolate neighborhood. I made this walk once, and don't really desire to repeat it, especially at 11:30PM. If parked on NW 2nd Ave by Panther, I'd take the trouble to move my car. There's plenty of parking closer to the brewery. Inside, it's a simple, no-frills setup. The bar itself is small, but there's a bunch of tables...that's all you need.If unfamiliar with Wynwood's beers, I'd suggest ordering a flight. I feel as if there's typically around 8-12 beers on tap at any given time - the core beers, plus a few seasonals and special releases. Pick a few that sound most appealing to you, and have at it. So far, my favorites have been the La Pantera, a stout brewed with Panther's coffee - on nitro-tap, it was smooth and delicious, a lot like drinking a chilled alcoholic espresso. Cocochoco was also a favorite of mine, a coconut-chocolate stout that tasted like a Mounds bar. Then there was Biscochito, a vanilla-almond stout. Notice a pattern? They do stouts and porters pretty well here. Even so, I recently enjoyed their "Apple of My Eye-P-A," a relatively bitter IPA up front, yet receding to a sweet cinnamon apple pie finish. "Father Francisco" was a solid Belgian-style strong blonde. Wow, I've just noticed that I have had many of the Wynwood special releases, but almost none of the core beers. I'll have to take my own advice and order a flight.There will be many more beery nights at Wynwood in my future. So, too, should there be in yours.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,4/15/2014,59,43,7,12,10>I've been coming here for about 3-3.5 years now. Ever since I walked in and was introduced to Yasel, my hair has never seen another stylist or salon. I'm not big on drastic changes and for years, Yasel has given me cuts that have not only looked fantastic, but also kept my length which is something I must always have. He's recommended excellent treatments and my hair has never looked or felt better.  I usually don't have anything in particular in mind, but he always has me coming out of the salon looking great for months to come. More recently, I decided play with a change of color. Yasel started me off with a few partial highlights so I can get used to a new look/color (I had virgin hair for years.) I was so happy with it, I went back for a more drastic change and he, once again, worked his magic. He gave me a full head of highlights that were VERY tastefully done.  As a brunette, any color change turns brassy, but it's been two months now and I'm still getting compliments! For cut, color, and just great ideas...Avante-Garde is awesome...even more awesome is Yasel! He always listens to what I want and gives great ideas.  He's very knowledgeable and knows what works and what doesn't...he's a stylist you can trust, and those are hard to come by these days! Thanks for being so good to my locks, Yasel!
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,4/14/2014,202,202,8,11,10>Living in Brooklyn for a few years really does stuff to you. For one, you have to learn how to be nice again and smile and say hi.. But beyond that you really have to lower your expectations for certain foods. Bagels are on that list.At least, that's what I thought. I am not one to eat a bagel often (holy carbs, batman) but I know what a good one tastes like. Toasted makes a mean bagel.Your experience is pleasant whether it's a crowded Sunday late-morning or a semi-empty afternoon lunch. The staff is kind and smart. They are genuinely trying to help you have a good time before and during your meal. The place is nicely decorated and even kind of reminds me of Brooklyn. I like the bagel-making machine and its placement- you get distracted by it while you're waiting in line. VERY CLEVER, TOASTED BAGELRY. Unfortunately, there is nothing to help you bide your time after you place your order. If they're busy you have to stand around in the only open space with the other folks like cattle. The paninis take a little while, but that isn't anyone's fault. Just don't expect to be there for 5 minutes if you order one.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,4/13/2014,306,105,6,11,9>After all the fabulous reviews this place has gotten, I had made it a point to come here on my quest for authentic Mexican food in Miami. Today was finally the day that I could see if my journey was at it's end.It was a bit hard to find, and I must have done 3 circles around the block before finding it. It is a small hole in the wall that is very humble looking. +1 point to authenticity, as all the best Mexican places I had been to previously were exactly like this.The servers are very nice, and the vibe is laid-back with a family orientated setting. You make your picks, sit down, eat, and pay at the end. It is an all cash business, so make sure you got some greenbacks.They only serve tacos here, so picking what to eat is pretty simple. I had 4 tacos, a carnitas, a steak, a chicken, and al pastor. It only took about 5 minutes for my order to come up, and I was happy to see what I got. Nothing fancy, just simple tacos. You dress them yourself with onions, cilantro, and a choice of 4 salsas. They say two of the salsas are spicy (a red and green), but to my taste only the red was legit spicy.All the tacos were great. Fresh, tender, and very reasonably priced. This was the closest I have come to Mexicali here in Miami, but still it lacks the kick. Nevertheless, I would be a regular here if it wasn't so far away.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,4/12/2014,146,352,8,16,11>I could seriously kick myself for not learning about this restaurant sooner. Thanks to a fantastic Yelp event, I was introduced to Del Sur and to several of their amazing dishes. But this is not a review of that event. The morning after the event, I woke up with a craving for the Pear & Gorgonzola  Ravioli.  It was one of those cravings that NEEDED to be satisfied quickly or suffer the consequences. And I'm not even pregnant! So, because he values peace and tranquility in his life, my husband realized that we HAD to go for lunch. His motto is, "Happy wife, peaceful life!"Our lunch consisted of the Polenta, the Short Rib Sandwich and of course, the Pear & Gorgonzola Ravioli.The Polenta is creamy and delicious. It is served in a jar topped with pomodoro and baby arugula. This is a meal all by itself. At least for me. The polenta can be shared with at least 4. There was just so much in that jar. Yet my husband and I managed to polish it off by ourselves.My husband had the Short Rib Sandwich. It was served with ah-mazing house made chips. How do I know this? Because I stole them from him. Yep, practically all of them. It's the type of thing that  you can't stop at just one. He loved the sandwich. The meat was so flavorful!Finally, my ravioli. There are no words. The ravioli is abso-freakin' delicious. I am a kind & loving wife, so I shared one of my raviolis with the hubby. He realized why I raved about them. The pasta is perfect. The Marsala is delicious. And the figs just add that little touch of extra sweetness. Every ingredient just complements the others.Everything tasted fresh & delicious. Dishes were nicely presented and visually appetizing. You get qualify food without the steep prices and the froufrou attitude of some other establishments. The restaurant is small and welcoming. The owners & staff are so very friendly and informative.  I would not change one thing. I can't wait to return to try their other offerings!
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,4/11/2014,202,74,11,12,12>Wow! Amazing! I'm so glad I finally got to try Blue Collar !!! I was lucky enough to join a long time friend of mine to catch up so the experience was even better. Everything I had here was good!!! You can't beat that!So got there a little early and wanted to check out the place. After circling a few times I figured out that it was next to a scary motel that looks like it was used in Scarface lol. Once I got settled and ran inside, I felt safe and sat at the bar to wait for my friend. I loved being able to see the chef in action. Amber, the server who greeted me and was with us the whole night, was so sweet and really made me feel welcomed. I made some conversation with her to pass the time as she poured me a glass of Malbec. The wine selection is pretty good and inexpensive. The bottle was only $30, and the glass is $8 so just get the bottle.Finally, my friend arrives and we sit in the patio. It was perfect weather so we were pleased. We ordered the tostones with the pulled pork and cilantro sauce. The flavor was very good, but the texture of the tostones could have used a little help. I'll blame it on the fact that they may have been made earlier in the day. No worries I ate it all anyway, the pulled pork was tender and flavorful and went nicely with the sauce. I thought it would be too rich but it wasn't.Next we ordered the muscles. OMG! Party in my mouth! Lol and with the Malbec it was such a great combination of flavor. The seasoned used for the white wine reduction was perfect. That little addition of blue cheese crumbles was such a nice surprise! You must have these if you like seafood!After some more great conversation, we had the spicy ox tail. Pricey but worth it. I was feeling bold after a few glasses of wine and said, "what the hell it's not my moms but I'll try these" (shhh don't tell her I liked them) they were cooked very well. Texture was just right and it wasn't fatty like I have seen in other places. Paired with the mash potatoes, which is making my mouth water all over again. Sweet and creamy to ease the spice, everything is so well thought out here! Last I couldn't leave without trying the Heath bar bread pudding. You have to have this dessert!!!! That white stuff served with it is not ice cream, but a whipped topping of some sort that was light and balanced the sweetness of the pudding perfectly. After a few bites you get the overwhelming feeling, but as soon as you put the spoon down, your tongue asks for more! How could this be? Well thought out balancing of flavors that's how! The only reason they don't get the 5 is because of the location. That motel is a turn off for me. The check was only $111. Everything is reasonable priced for the quality your getting, trust me. I love this place and I hope you enjoy it too. Come pay then a visit.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,5/3/2010,587,1627,7,13,12>An excellent Latin-Japanese fusion restaurant - in fact, I think this is even better than its sister restaurant, Sushi Samba Dromo in Miami Beach (but I've only been once to Sushi Samba).The food was a 4, but the service was a 6, breaking a Miami record - hence 5 stars.And who is to be complimented for the service? Honestly... EVERYONE - and even the busboy asked if we were alright! And everytime they brought out a dish, they stated what the dish was with a lot of love, and never leaving out a single detail of description even though we had ordered it after reading the description in the menu. I've never seen the service exude so much passion as here in Sugarcane.PROS:+ AMAZING SERVICE - our server was Barclay, amazing woman!+ Above-average food (had: Sugarcane Roll (with real lobster, holy! - $16), tempura shrimp ($4), torrejas ($10 - MUST ORDER), crude salmon ($11), and the chef's special roll ($10 - smoked salmon roll with lime soy sauce). There seems to be a lot of love for lemon zest and lime.+ nice ambience - it's more of a Japanese restaurant than a sushi restaurant - but they have plenty of everything.NOTE:+ recommended to have about 3-5 plates per person for a full meal, I shared 6 plates with a friend and it was just right for two.+ portions are not large, but decent - and they're of good quality. + food is brought immediately out once the dish prepared, to ensure freshness. they come out pretty fast, and it should be expected here that they would not come at the same time as the other plates.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,5/2/2010,178,264,8,10,8>Since my last review, I have become a OneBurger regular for Lunch 1-2 times a week.  It is officially me and my co-workers favorite spot when we're able to meet up for lunch.Black, Black and Bleu is still my #1 favorite but I have tried a lot of other items and have yet to be disappointed.  Today I tried the El Spicy per Mayor Jessica C.'s recommendation and it was off the chain.  The Crispy Chicken Caprese Salad was perfect on a recent visit.  The Sweet Potato Fries are my favorite, but the Spicy Fries are a close second. Again, I wish I could drink a beer with my burger.  I also wish if I had to drink soda it could be Diet Pepsi or Mountain Dew.  When there's 3 and more of us seating is difficult.  But all of these challenges are overcome with great food!
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,5/1/2010,268,629,8,13,12>guanabana plus champagne = my new fave delish morning drink!!mimosas are so a thing of the past. this easter sunday my family did something different. fresh juices from el palacio de los jugos with champagne!!  we had guanabana and guayaba. everyone loved them and it was so different from the traditional morning drinks!!check this place out, pick your favorite fruit and make it into a juice. what you do with that juice is up to you ;)
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,4/30/2010,253,216,6,9,8>Their slogan "not your daddy's steakhouse" says it best. Expect a good crowd, expect pretentiousness, expect a wait...but the best part is that you can also expect amazing food and a kick-ass vibe.My faves:-Lil Big Macs-Shrimp Rice Krispies-Parmesian Truffle Fries-Mac n Cheese-Filet Mignon-Their specialty drinks!! They're out of effin control!STK is definitely in my top-2 steak places in Miami, for both ambiance and food. Counting the days till I return!
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,4/29/2010,224,140,6,17,10>I can say enough about Dr. Todd Narson.He is my go to guy when it come to the aches and pains I get from being just a little too old to be trying to do so much.The staff there is friendly and courteous. But I all I can say is that I trust Dr. Todd. No matter what strange " items " he pulls out trust me your pain will go away. Also you might here the phrase " get the lube ! "  - just relax ...lol He is a sports guys who also is a DR. versus a Dr, who knows a little about sports , wrestlers to Chippindales go see him.He explains everything in detail so that you can understand the inter relation between , bones and muscles and the connective tissues.My best testimonial to him is that I called him in the middle of the Boston Marathon last year and he got on the phone and helped be work out a cramp and pulled muscle ( hamstring )  in my leg at mile 17 so that I could finish the race - another 9.2 miles !!!This place is the best.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2009,4/28/2010,153,1226,19,13,15>so im with my nephew and i ask him, yo! you hungry? hes like. yeah man. so being that ive never gone out to eat with him before i asked him what he felt like eating. mashed potatoes, rice and meat balls he says. he killed me, i mean, how about a burger? fuckin pizza or something? kid has personality i must say. so a little friend of mine suggested jimmys and i drove there immediately. we come in, people stare at me. im curious. what do they think? do they think i kidnapped the little one? are they surprised we sat by the bar and i ordered a beer? my nephew is a ladies man so he immediately got the attention of everyone behind the counter. he got his water on a plastic cup. i got my beer. cheers son. cheers tio.i talked to our waitress, i told her that little one is a little peculiar and that he wanted rice, mashed potatoes and meat balls. she says, we dont have meat balls. i turn around and i say, kid. youre fucked. im kidding, i didnt say that. i thought of it. but i didnt actually say it. anyways, i needed to take a look at the menu, present the little one with his options and let him make the executive decision. he wanted the 1/2 rotisserie chicken with mashed potatoes and veggies, well. he didnt really want any of the veggies but thats how they serve this so, whatever. its no big tragedy anyways, hes fucking four years old. life is filled with disappointment. sometimes it even blows. true story.i was curious about the chili with beans so i got a cup of that which i wanted to share with the kid but he didnt want any so even better. keep drinking your water. want a cracker? my chili was great. tasty. hearty. very filling. then we got the chicken and two plates. i took the first bite and then this one expected me to feed him? wtf? its chicken and you can eat it with your hands. ive seen you do worse things with those filthy little hands of yours. kid loved the chicken and the mashed potatoes. he probably ate 1/3 of the plate except for the veggies. steamed veggies. who eats steamed veggies when theyre four years old? lame kids, thats who. i was full, kid was full. his hands and face were greasy and messy which is awesome. got some leftovers to go while we washed the grease away in the restroom and we got the bill when we got back to our seats. kid didnt want to pay for the bill (you know, that european blood) cause he wanted to go to the park again and keep on flying his kite. but of course, i paid for the whole thing. only $14 without tip. not bad considering we even made dinner out of the leftovers. oh! and the staff was very helpful and super-friendly. i plan on coming back for breakfast soon, son.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,4/27/2010,179,117,9,15,13>I already can't wait to go back to this place and I was just there yesterday. If the food hadn't won me over, the extremely courteous staff would have (and did!). Perhaps they are working on making a good impression because they just opened, perhaps they have selected staff who actually knows what good customer service is - either way this was a surprisingly enjoyable experience. The restaurant itself is also very nice, sparsely decorated, very modern with a sleek look.I went to this for a specific event and arrived later then most. When I got there I was promptly greeted by one of the wait staff who offered me a glass of wine immediately. Not five minutes after I arrived another waiter came around with a plate of churrasco on bruschetta bread, beef empanadas, and sausage on bruschetta (yes, big focus on beef). Unfortunately, I'd missed a great deal of the other food that was offered having had arrived late. Surprisingly, Jesse, our waiter, brought us out a plate of appetizers to pick at because he'd noticed that very same thing. He introduced himself, gave us business cards with his name, brought us out a bottle of wine which he left, and brought us the food - all without us having to ask. The entire staff was on top of everything being sure to refill glasses, clean up, bringing additional food. I didn't get a chance to have a full, sit-down meal, but I did look over the menu and it is extensive. They have all sorts of beef dishes, seafood, a lot of hot & cold appetizers, pasta dishes, etc. The prices are a bit moderate to expensive, but from what I've tasted and experienced so far, it seems well worth it. Looking forward to going back!**Oh! And Thursdays from 6-10 they have a free wine tasting event! **If you valet at the Latitude building next door they validate and it's free!!**
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,4/26/2010,1381,665,14,14,16>Dear Sparkle Plenty,You were not only a success but a major grand slam, home run HIT!!!  Let me explain how...'Twas the day before Christmas, and no presents in sight...  Seriously, the bf and I have NO idea what we're getting anyone for Christmas, and at this point it's about 2pm (hey, to top it all off, I had to work a half-day).  The facts...:Closest Mall: The FallsMall Closing Time: 6pmTotal Shopping Time: 4 hoursPanic sets in.  So much to do, the list is so long, and we have so little time to do it.  Aaahhhh!So the race was on.  Off we went in a mad dash throughout the Falls...  In one store and out another...  So far, not too much luck.  Then, somewhere in the far distance, was a little glimmer of hope.  A little "Sparkle", if one will.That sparkle, was YOU, Sparkle Plenty!  A diamond in the rough.  The most unique gift store I have ever seen.  From cards, to stationary, from baby booties, to snow globes; you name it and we found it.  Artistic wine glasses, a nose-shaped pencil sharpener, pencil cases, a hand-made clutch, a top that lights up, and rubber balls that glow, were just a few of the items that we purchased for our "Nice" list.  We were like 2 kids at a toy store in here, but I guess that is in part because there are toys!  And there are nice necklaces and tons of random little chotchkies.  There's even stuff for kids, from unique stuffed animals, to baby blankets and organic onesies.The thing about you, SP, is that you have what everyone wants, but doesn't need, but must have once they see it.The biggest hit?  A battery-operated monkey that is motion activated - rolling on the floor, laughing hysterically, every time someone walks by it.  My 2 year old nephew is in HEAVEN with his monkey.Thanks for making this Christmas so spectacular.  We pretty much got everyone on our list something from here and made our day so much easier.  :)  After our visit with you, it was off to TGIFriday's for some beer and grub.Looking forward to checking out your Cocowalk location.  :)All the BEST!,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,4/25/2010,619,794,9,13,14>I arrived here at about 9:45 on a recent Friday night with 3 others. Just as luck would have it, a show was letting out at the Arscht center across the street so the traffic was a bit of a mess and there were lots of people running around the area. Still, even with all of that, I didn't have a problem finding meter parking within 2 blocks of DRB, and the place really wasn't that crowded. Of course "it really wasn't that crowded" is a relative term here, because, though there were only about 70 people inside, all of the seating at the bar, tables and booths was taken since the place isn't very big inside. We ended up getting our beers and standing on the sidewalk out front with several other groups of people.We never tried any of the food, but the amount beer offerings was pretty impressive and the prices weren't bad for what it is (average is about $6 per beer). As far as service, we always went to the bar and never had a problem being served quickly, and on one occasion the server came from behind the bar to help carry, which was cool.  The "beer menu" is sorted by country, and it lists the alcohol content of each one as well as the price.Hopefully once the economy improves a bit the surrounding area will continue to develop which will make coming to this general area an even better experience.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2010,4/24/2010,125,397,4,9,7>This place was very clean and tastefully furnished.  It is in Little Haiti's cultural hub, right near Libreri Mapou, a Haitian cultural center, and a Haitian art gallery.  NE 2nd Ave seriously cleans up in this section, and very well I must admit.  If there were to be tourism in Little Haiti, as there in in Little Havana, this would be the center of that sort of thing.  This whole portion of 2nd Ave (as well as by 57-59) is streaked with fresh, bright paint, colored with the comforting rhythms of Caribbean music, so you feel like you've been transported to another place.As far as the restaurant, the service here was bilingual, very friendly and helpful, never pestering at all, but not neglecting you either.  Prices were super reasonable.  The range was about $6-$8, with the only thing over $8 being the lambi (conch-$12 or $14).  The food seemed pretty fresh and if you want the daily specials, bring ur butt in before 11AM, yes, 11,or else it's all sold out!  On Saturdays, it's bouillon (Haitian vegetable stew) and on Sundays it's Soup Joumou (Haitian squash stew with beef) and I don't recall the others.I had the boulette (fried meatballs) and they were very flavorful with a light crispy outside.  They came with a  huge mound of rice and beans and two giant patacones (fried plantains).  The rice could have been more flavorful, but the meatballs were crispy  and juicy with a nice hint of lime and spiciness.  The tostones were super fresh-tasting, unlike in most restaurants, and crispy without being greasy.I am not too familiar with Haitian food, but I'm assuming that, although this was tasty and home-y, it was not  quite as flavorful as homemade.  My primary complaint on flavor was the rice and beans, but the meatballs were super tasty.  I'd be curious to try a weekend special and see how they measure up.  This was a fairly busy spot and, no, I was not at all worried about my car when I was there around 2-3PM-ish on a Saturday.  The streets were mostly full of middle-aged and older people and everyone seemed to be minding their own business.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,6/18/2013,327,121,7,13,10>I always have an enjoyable time when I come to New Wave, it's probably one of my favorite dives for a game of pool. When I'm close to campus (FIU) I definitely prefer to go here rather than Sharp Shooters. Sadly, S.S. is extremely closer to home in comparison. Past reviews I've read here say that you'll come out smelling like an ashtray but I honestly disagree. It's no perfume shoppe but I don't think it differs from any regular bar and its almost a daisy field compared to Sharp Shooters. Things I really enjoy about this place: - dude at the front desk is ALWAYS very nice, polite & helpful. - it's BIG. lots of space. almost guaranteed to get a table anytime. - oooodles of Billiards tables and even 6 or so European Billiards. - GOOD bar food. Pretty extensive menu as well. - you practically never have to leave your table. Waitresses will tend to you and most always come right away. - FULL BAR !- there's always specials. whether its on drinks, pool or whatever! If you check into FB, 5% discount. Show ANY South Florida College ID, 10% discount. Mon - Weds its half priced pool. Ends up being practically $6 an hour for pool. That's ridiculously cheap! Minor dislikes:- bathroom is small, tiny and always leaky. - sometimes it takes a while for the waitress to get back to you. - charges to play by the hour, rather than per person. Which can be a great thing if you're with friends, but I see how it can be annoying if you're trying to be serious & play by yourself.- random eclectic music. (Personal issue lol) country to rachet hood to merengue. distracts my playing! hah. I give this place a 3.75 stars, but imma just round it up to 4. :) Overall, definitely recommend someone in the South Miami area to play Billiards here!
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,6/17/2013,82,94,8,8,9>Your friends + wine + some acrylic paints = FUN time at Painting With a Twist.I've taken painting classes at the local college where I'm taught "proper" technique on how to transfer my passion onto a blank canvass. If this is what you're looking for, then go to "proper" painting classes.If on the other hand, you don't want to suffer for days, or weeks, to produce a wall-worthy painting but would rather laugh, sip on (plenty of) wine and create your very own painting in 2-3 hours, then this is a place you'd enjoy. I've been here twice with two individuals who, by their own admission, can't draw stick figures. At the end of class, after much laughter and making new friends, one friend walked away proud to have painted Audrey Hepburn and the other proud to have created an abstract-like collage of colors framing a black gown.  The instructor couldn't be better. Both times he was extremely patient, very funny and excellent with step-by-step instructions.  The registration fee provides you with a blank canvas, paints, brushes and all materials. All you need to do is show up with some wine and ready to have some fun with friends, family and complete strangers.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,6/16/2013,62,98,6,23,9>I currently live here and I'm pleased with the choice I made. Lincoln Pointe is one of the few apartment complexes in Aventura; I believe there are only 4 complexes in the area actually (Waterways, Camden, Promenade, & Lincoln Pointe). When I moved here I decided I wanted to rent from a rental company directly instead of an individual person, my preference was an apartment complex. At first I thought Lincoln Pointe was on the expensive end of apartments for Aventura, but once I visited 2 of the other complexes nearby I realized how many hidden charges they had on top of the rent. All I pay additionally here is cable/internet, water, and electricity. The other complexes you have to pay for similar utilities but there were hidden fees for keys, parking, trash, and other random add ons. I found Lincoln Pointe to be upfront from the first time I visited the property. I mainly dealt with Marna who was extremely helpful and responded quickly to questions on email. I was moving out of state so all my contracts had to be mailed to the complex ahead of time. The complex is kept up extremely well. There seems to be gardeners on the property at least once a week (they may not be but it feels like it). Every Friday there is an exterminator on the property spraying for bugs, they come into each apartment once a month to also spray. One thing I liked here compared to the other properties I looked at was the lack of bugs. Some of them supposedly sprayed but there were bugs everywhere.  Maintenance responds super quickly to requests, usually within a day. They are helpful and friendly. Sometimes people do piggyback in on the gate, which is not supposed to happen but there is nothing stopping them. Other than that the property feels secure and has ample lighting throughout the hallways and the parking lot. Sometimes there isn't much parking on the weekend. My only complaint, which isn't about the property itself but is about fellow renters. Some of them let their dogs go to the bathroom anywhere. In the building I live in, sometimes there is dog pee on the cement but I haven't seen it in awhile. I'm hoping something was said to the owner because it is rather gross. The only other thing is barking, which always seems to come from the little dogs living here. One of the smaller dogs in my building does try to jump at people when you walk past (I feel like it's actually trying to bite), which does drive me nuts. There are some larger dogs and they are extremely well mannered and don't seem to bark constantly. It's only a few of the owners that seem to not care. Other than that, the property is great.  The staff in the office are friendly and helpful. They also hold packages there from UPS and Fedex if you aren't home. Lincoln Pointe is in a great location near to Fresh Market. I'm really happy with my choice and feel this is a nice complex. There wasn't many choices in the area, but even if there were more choices, I still would have chosen Lincoln Pointe.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,6/15/2013,46,22,5,6,5>I've been here once before and was pleased with the service but I didn't write a review. I feel bad about that but I was leaving town and was rushed. Mea culpa. Today, I walked in - no appointment - and barely had a chance to return the receptionist's welcoming smile. Right away, I was led to the pedicure station. Good timing, me! Georgina took care of me. I thought her very professional, pleasant. She was quiet and to my delight, a perfectionist. She also offered suggestions for color, which I appreciated. I get so distracted by the range of colors (they carry OPI and Essie and seem well-stocked) that I want to choose them all but how reasonable would that be? By the way, the salon is huge, very cheerful, and clean, and everyone seemed to be smiling. It was almost disconcerting. Almost. Anyway, she explained the different levels of pedicure - Classic, Deluxe and I forget the last one. I was a little confused as to how the levels are differentiated but ended up choosing the Deluxe for the callous removal. With my New Times open on my lap, I got so lost in an article I barely noticed the pedicure. Truly, that's a good thing because my cuticles can be sensitive and I am moderately ticklish. I did notice the scrub and massage, they were great. It smelled good as well. I have no idea how long it took but I didn't finish the article I was reading until I was at the manicure station. Either Georgina is quick or the article was really long. I tend to think the former. Now I hate manicures. I think it's an ADD thing. I usually nix it because I can't seem to sit still for all the filing and million coats applied. Not to mention, I, invariably chip before I even leave the shop. So this was a treat. Georgina was fast and accommodating. Again, the perfectionism was apparent. Nothing went unnoticed. It's the best manicure I've had in awhile. Then, I eased into Gigi's operating room. I can't think of a better description for the fairly large room with an exam bed, yards of white sanitary paper and a massive magnifying glass. Now from what I read (on Yelp) and heard, Gigi is the "Coco Chanel" of brow waxing. I was skeptical because unfortunately, I've had more bad than good experiences with brow waxing. Still, I had to investigate. Gigi took one look at my poor brows and quickly agreed that I'd been mutilated. Sigh. She was quite charming, with her very dignified air, and gave me great suggestions to grow out the cabbage patch that used to be my right brow. She simply suggested castor oil, no fancy products. Then she went to work. She waxed. She plucked and she clucked sympathetically over the fallout of someone else's incompetence. And somehow, she made my brows beautiful. Bravo!And no chips on the mani/pedi. Yay! Me.One thing...Nailhouse has a sister salon in South Beach. It's called Nail Republic on Alton. I've been there once. All I have to say is Nail Republic would do well to take Nailhouse as the mold. Regrettably, I had a completely different - and unpleasant -experience there and will never go back. I would rather travel the extra distance north for better service, better attitudes and better ambience.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,6/14/2013,470,137,15,20,20>Miami has a bad reputation, and most of it is well-deserved.  Fake people with fake parts, attitude galore, douchebaggery, high prices, terrible drivers, scams, bad politicians, horrible service, users and abusers... the list goes on and on.  Sometimes, it is easy to get caught up in it and forget that beyond all that crap, this place is still... paradise.  This is the destination for millions of people from all over the world, beckoning with its sun, sand, beautiful beaches, waters, wildlife, architecture, nightlife and outdoor possibilities.That's why South Beach Kayaks rocks.SBK has been here for a very long time, but recently, Micheal (the owner) took over personally and the place has come to reflect the passion and care that he has in what he does.  The equipment is new, the staff friendlier than ever, the prices affordable, the location perfect, and the experience, unique.  Prices start at $15, and if you don't know what you're doing, they will take the time to patiently teach you the how and what of it so your experience is always good.  They also have Full Moon Kayak runs, that take you to Monument Island where you get to hang out with others, 'cook out' and make friends.  You can go alone, in groups and even in tandem kayaks and not have to worry about a thing.  Pro-tip:  Bring water and hydration; it tends to get pretty hot out there.When I go to SBK and get one of their cool, new ocean kayaks, or paddle-boards and ease into the waters of the Biscayne Bay, I am baptized of the all that frustrates me about Miami and overcome with a smile that comes from giving myself over to the natural beauty of Miami. Sliding that kayak into the water, taking that paddle and exploring the beautiful islands of the Venetian or Star, Palm and Hibiscus Island, effortlessly cutting the water (and daftly avoiding boaters and jet-skiers), sun shining on my face and shoulders, chancing an encounter with dolphins, rays and birds, I forget Miami's bad reputation and remember why I live here.  I remember that I have the pleasure of living where most people come to vacation.  In a kayak, I remember that Miami can be paradise.   Behind the wheel of a car, is another matter altogether!
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,6/13/2013,23,8,4,13,8>BEST SALON EXPERIENCE EVERRRRR!!!!!!!This was my first time at Anastasia's salon, AND my first Keratin treatment. I had booked an appointment for Friday, January 4th at 2:30 because I didn't think I could get out of work in time, but lucky for me I got out early! So, I figured I'd take a chance & give them a call to see if they could squeeze me in earlier (I read it was a long process).To my surprise, they said YES! I believe I was talking to Anastasia's mother who also works there, she was incredibly sweet and said, "come on in", "we will fit you in earlier, no worries, just get here when you can!" WOW! In Miami that type of service is hard to find and I immediately knew I was going to a great place!So there I am in this uber quaint, stylish salon; which felt more like someone's posh loft than a salon. A tad bit nervous and full of questions! As soon as I walked in they knew who I was and Anastasia offered me a wide variety of teas and sparkling waters while she answered ALL of my questions. I immediately felt at ease!This girl KNOWS hair!!! Never did she pressure me about my questions (and boy, did I have a lot) or what I wanted to do with my hair, she listened carefully and gave me some different options and advice. Let me just throw in that my hair was a wreck when I went in! I had an ombre, but a very demarcated one which went from black to orange :( It was no bueno!We talked about what I wanted to spend and she was very open and honest. We decided to do a single process color plus a keratin blowout, because I still wanted some volume. Seriously, the color took about 25 mins., which flew by because everyone was so nice and friendly, it was like talking it up with old friends! Then came the keratin treatment! She even let me watch another customer get hers done and I got to ask her what she thought of the treatment! She said it was the best thing ever, and the fact that this woman drove from Ft. Lauderdale to get hers at THIS salon truly cemented the notion that I made the right choice in picking Anastasia's salon (THANKS YELPERS!)!!! The process flew by as well! I had some more tea, talked with some of the workers, learned about good places to go in Miami (I moved here about 8 mos. ago), it was awesome! By the time I knew it I was ready for my blow out and ironing! The color was AMAZING!!!!!!!!! I couldn't stop touching my hair while she was finishing up. I had never seen it so straight, my natural hair is med-fine, but a lot of it, with a nice wave; but I always had problem when I straightened it BC the ends were so frizzy. But after Anastasia worked her magic, it was like a new head of hair! YAY!!!!!!Which brings me to now, I waited to write my review until after I washed it (72hr. waiting period). And I absolutely LOVE IT! I am going to call them right now and tell them! It feels and looks healthier, stronger, longer and did I mention the color is amazing. And BEST of all it's pretty much a wash-and-go texture! BEST THING EVER!!!!!!!!!!!Found this place on YELP, and all the reviews are TRUE!!! The whole staff is wonderful and they know their stuff! I LOVE my hair now! Could not be happier in my choice of salons and truly recommend this place to EVERYONE!!!! I saw people coloring, cutting, getting treatments and they looked fabulous! I could tell all of them were regulars! They care about their customers and want us to be happy. DEFINITELY GOING BACK!!!!!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,6/12/2013,944,946,8,21,12>The Raleigh is my favorite South Beach hotel, and Michael's Genuine is one of my favorites restaurants, so when Restaurant Michael Schwartz opened its doors recently in the lobby and outdoor terrace area of the famed hotel, I couldn't wait to check it out.We arrived a little late for our 9:00 p.m. dinner reservation on a rainy Saturday night, and in typical Miami fashion, we ushered over to the bar to enjoy a cocktail (or 2) while our table was made ready.  The rain had made a few of the outdoor tables no-go's that evening, but the staff seemed to be prepared for the hit-and-miss rainstorms that epitomize summer in South Florida.Once comfortably seated in a corner banquette in the lobby, we were eager to check out RMS's offerings, some of which we recognized from Michael's Genuine.  We started with the shrimp toast, the pan-fried onion dip and chips, and the smoked fish dip.  All were quite yummy, but the shrimp toast was my favorite of the 3 - toast covered in a thin layer of a shrimp puree, topped with sesame seeds - I probably could've eaten several orders of this by myself!For our "main" courses, we shared classic steak tartare, topped with a quail egg, the heirloom tomato bread soup, the pan-roasted swordfish with red lentil tabbouleh, the pappardelle with peas, fava beans and pecorino, and a side of the grilled zucchini with anchovy butter.  Everything was beyond amazing.  The steak tartare was probably the best I've ever had.  The pappardelle was creamy yet light, and the English peas and fava beans provided the perfect "spring is here" effect on the dish.While we were too full to sample dessert this go-round, we did indulge in a couple of rounds of cocktails made with care by the awesome bar staff at The Raleigh's Martini Bar, located just outside the hotel's back patio.  I started with a mint julep, their "featured cocktail," and followed it up with a Belle Meade, a delicious concoction made with Belvedere vodka, blackberries, and basil.Overall Restaurant Michael Schwartz is a winner!  Delicious food, awesome cocktails, a pleasant staff, and reasonable prices ($70-80/person with drinks), all set within the gorgeous Raleigh Hotel.  What's not to love?
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,6/11/2013,929,30,20,28,25>ATTENTION all vegans and vegetarians! Tired of looking for vegan/vegetarian restaurants in Miami? Look no further. Come to Konata's, you'll thank me later. As you may know Miami has very few vegan/vegetarian options. Come on Miami! Fortunately, I have discovered this little gem thanks to the help of Yelp and all the wonderful Yelpers that reviewed Konata's. What immediately caught my attention was the 5 star rating. Wait a second.. Every single review was 5 stars? Wow, that is extremely rare. Hmm.. I'm sure this place out of this world. I decided to put those reviews to the test. As always I look through all pictures on Yelp before going to a restaurant or ordering, I happen to pass by a picture that literally made my mouth water. OMG, I must have this! I had my mind set, I need to eat this and I will eat this! As soon as I walked in to Konata's I walk up to the counter, pull out my iPhone with that picture being displayed and tell the gentleman behind counter "I need this in my life." Guess what.. They don't have it. My heart literally broke into a million little pieces. The gentleman informed me that they only serve one entrée/daily special, which changes every day; the special is served in a pretty large container for only $10.70. I had no other choice but to order the special of the day which had bean stew, rice, plantains, veggies and "salmon." At first I was a bit disappointed but once I took my first bite I completely forgot about that picture, I immediately feel in love. WOW!! Every single bite was filled with flavor and spices; it was phenomenal. What truly surprised me was that the vegan "salmon" was fantastic, perfectly seasoned to perfection! I also tried the Corn Jamaican patty.. yum, spicy and delicious just like I like it (must try.)  Aside from the daily special they also serve: Jamaican Patties either whole wheat or corn, vegan/vegetarian bread such as zucchini bread, tea and fresh juices. If you want some good Caribbean/Jamaican food check out Konata's and if you're a vegan/vegetarian you must! This is the famous picture I keep mentioning: yelp.com/biz_photos/kona…
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,6/10/2013,223,169,4,8,7>I don't get tired of coming here.  It's the perfect place to kick back and relax on a Friday night to enjoy the live jazz musicians.  You can sit at the bar or in the dining area.  No matter what, you're bound to take in all that Soyka has to offer. The decor looks modern industrial and it's got a nice vibe.  And the service is excellent!  Our server was at our table constantly, very friendly and made good menu suggestions.Last night I was in the mood to splurge.  So we started off  with a lovely bottle of Chianti and the eggplant parm.  It was so good, I would have been happy to stop there.  But then we moved on to the main course and I ordered the Fiocchi Alle Pere, which is Italian for "little purses with pear."  It is delish!  The little purse pastas are filled with mascarpone and ricotta cheese and bits of pear.  Served on a parmesan cream which is surprisingly not a heavy cream.Although I was feeling the carb overload already, the splurging continued on to dessert and we ordered the Creme Brulee.  We couldn't finish it but it left a nice sweet taste in my mouth.  After dessert, we just took in the ambiance, listening to the jazz, finishing our wine and savoring the moment.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,6/9/2013,139,234,3,5,3>Stopped by The Café at Books and Books after a lovely evening walking up and down in Lincoln Road. I had never been, and granted, I wasn't aware "The Café" served 'hot food/entrees'. This surprised me greatly. We approached the host and he took care of us in a matter of seconds. He was also our waiter. What a nice man he was. He went above and beyond to ensure our dinner experience was as amazing. It really was.The biggest surprise was... being offered SANGRIA. For about a week I've been craving this Spanish elixir, so I was most happy to finally succumb to my craving. A pitcher was perfect for two. At $15, not only it was a superb value, but also excellent... great red wine and fruit combination. I highly recommend trying it.Once we were told about the evening specials, our choice was made.* Grilled Octopus Special: tender pieces of octopus (chargrilled), served with vegetables and a sweet/savory sauce.... absolutely amazing combination of flavors. Would repeat without hesitation. * Goat Cheese Salad: meaty slices of pears, walnuts and carrots topped with crumbled chevre served on mixed field greens with guava-citrus vinaigrette. My SO could not stop raving how delightful it was.*Grouper Special: fillet, pan-fried and accompanied by a ratatouille of vegetables and roasted potatoes. One of the best fish fillet I've ever eaten. The Café at Books and Books exceeded culinary expectations. I hope to return soon because I'm craving their food and sangria badly.A++++
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,9/6/2008,38,39,3,6,5>I was finally able to stop by the Pineapple Blossom Tea Room and let me tell you it was well worth it.It's a very cozy, carribean-inspired spot with about 5 tables. The walls have a variety of random books which they encourage you sift through while you sit. I went through one of random facts.The main menu had a variety of tea services which range from a "Cream Tea Service" at $6.95 per person up to the "Royale Tea Service" at $27.95 per person. I also spotted soups, salads and wraps on the main menu.My friend and I shared a pot of a jasmine green tea (I forgot exact name of it). The tea glasses and the kettle seemed like it was vintage, which was neat. The tea was great stuff and the pot was only $2.50. I will definitely be returning to try lunch and/or just to hang out at a cool spot over a nice cup of tea.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2008,9/5/2008,42,7,5,13,11>It was my first time at this adorable vegan place, and I'll definitely be back. I sat down at the counter, and was trying to read my magazine while waiting for my order, and it was clear that the friendly patrons and chefs weren't going to let me eat alone! The entire counter introduced themselves to me, as well as both chefs behind the bar. Everyone was incredibly friendly, and it felt like I had walked into a neighborhood bar where everyone knew each other, but obviously welcomed any newcomer. Surprisingly, some of the patrons ate some meat occasionally. Which, somehow, in a weird way, is reassuring.....if occasional meat eaters love this place, so could I. The head chef gave me a sample of the squash soup, that was amazing, sweet, but not overpowering.  I then ordered the garbanzos and brown rice and 2 slices of baked tofu. It was phenomenal, and had so much flavor. The tofu was crispy and seasoned with something that was out of this world - absolutely delicious. The garbanzos were healthy and so fresh. I added this homemade mango hot sauce and I almost licked the plate. The patron to my right gave me the full low down on the place. Aside from their staple salads, sandwiches, and fruit/vegetable drinks, he explained that Chef Carlos has a daily hot vegetarian meal, that changes every day, but that it's the same meal on Mondays, every Tuesday, etc. But Fridays and Saturdays are the wild card. Chef Carlos makes whatever he wants on those days. I'd definitely go back, again and again. After my lunch, I did a little shopping, as I try to support small, local, business any time I can. The prices of the items were better than at Whole Foods, and the store staff was very helpful, making sure I found everything OK. I'd definitely support this establishment, and will encourage my friends to do so as well.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2008,9/4/2008,5,10,2,4,4>Best ribs anywhere!Friends and I visit that location frequently during lunch, almost regulars there, and always order their half rack meal deal. Awesome and HUGE lunch portion. As far as service, we usually sit at the bar and German is "The man" at the bar that usually takes care of us. He's great and fast. Although we've sat at tables around the bar before where service is no so great and a bit slower. My only big gripe on Flanigans is the fact their lunch card cannot be used to order ribs!!! WTF! That's all I eat there! So I have a few of them already and I'm just waiting for them to change their policy hopefully...
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2008,9/3/2008,14,7,5,10,10>What a charming restaurant a stone's throw away from Bal Harbour!I enjoyed dinner last Thursday night at this spacious, classic  and warm  Mediterranean bistro.  The crowd dining were local clients; regulars who have come to the restaurant before because the ambiance was perfect to talk about your job promotion with your best friends, find out how mom is doing in physical therapy and catch up on your latest affair or start a new one.  The cast of FRIENDS would go here to celebrate Monica and Chandler's anniversary!The restaurant is epicurean; it is not elitist.  You feel comfortable there.You want to go back because the food is delicious.  The staff  is gracious, down to earth and proud to work there; they serve you unobtrusively with your satisfaction as their  sole goal.  They go the extra mile!The wine rack and revolving art exhibit that perimeters the restaurant encourages you to wander and gaze.  I sat at the bar because I was casually dressed in shorts and tee and I was embarrassed to bring the house down.  No one seemed to mind but me (if I had a polo on I would've felt more at ease).  I'm glad I did dine there for I had the privilege to chat with Sara, the bar manager.  She was so enthusiastic, congenial and informative.  The restaurant is a year and a half old, the menu is constantly changing and everything is made from scratch, there is a take out/delivery cafe for lunch (hint hint...are you listening Bal Harbour staff and shoppers....this is where you need to go), brunch on Sunday, complimentary wine class every Wednesday starting at 6:30PM and Tuesday is Live music night starting at 9PM.  The restaurant is closed on Mondays.  Parking is by meter right outside or at the SE corner of  94th/Harding.Now for the best part..the food!  I selected off the Miami Spice  menu.  I started with the Seafood Medley on top of a puff pastry with sauce Nantua.  The seafood was fresh (salmon, shrimp, scallop) and pastry light and flaky.  Sara then muddled lemon with vodka and triple sec and created a home made limoncello for me before my entree arrived (no pouring out of the bottle here). My entree was  the Seafood Ravioli Fra Diablo!  Imagine one large home made pasta square flat with shrimp, calamari, salmon, scallops and pepper flakes on top covered with another pasta square.  Its one big ravioli...and an incredibly flavorful one (with just a hint of clam juice).A banana crepe with Godiva chocolate sauce rounded out the dinner with a cup of coffee.I had the chance to congratulate Patrick Charpentier, the owner, on creating and overseeing every detail of this class establishment.  He has a lot to be proud of.  He's there every night..chatting with guests, joining their table and spreading joy.What are you waiting for...call now...don't let this opportunity pass.Be good to yourself!  You won't be sorry.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2008,9/2/2008,94,267,8,9,7>went last night and i have to admit, it's as good as it's sister blu in south miami.  it's right next door to abokado.  they even share the same patio.  we were promptly seated and great service the whole night.  now i suggest you do blu, the liz way...wine... lots of wine  bread... the bread is to die for.  skip the paste & ask for some oil & vinegar, then proceed to submerge bread in oil and vinegar plate. then ask for even more bread.  beef carpaccio...  don't share this plate.  one of the best in miami.  eat ever last bite.pizza... get whatever you like.  just make sure you ask for soy flour or whole wheat dough.wine... have at least one more glass of wineleftovers... don't feel bad if you have leftovers.  you did eat a bunch of bread.  just calmly ask for your check and the pizza to go.  and that's the way i do blu!  how do you do blu?  do you do blu?  i do do blu... wait!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2008,8/31/2008,18,152,2,2,5>I have been to Fairchild on a date and I have been here to photograph private events and parties. It is a great venue for both. The staff is friendly and informative. The grounds are well kept, but be warned, it gets hot on those long stretches of pathway in the full sun. Bring a cold drink and an unbrella for extra shade or take the guided tour (big golf cart) to make things easier on yourself. Of just go during the cooler months when this place is a *really wonderful* experience.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,8/30/2008,587,1627,1,4,4>Tucked in Liberty City's old street-front shopping center on Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd is a store for all things reggae.This reggae powerhouse sells mostly accessories and clothing. You can find bags and music here as well.In the back there's also a snack bar serving up the following: steam fish, fish & chips, basmati rice & peas, curried soy, sweet & sour duck, sweet & sour tofu, soychick, duck montenegro, soy serenghetti, veggie patties, ackee, calaloo, and natural juices.The guy manning the food station is a different person though - and he has a different phone number than listed: 786-663-3694.The folks here are really friendly. Useful place to shop before going to the Caribbean Reggae Festival or the Bob Marley's Caribbean Festival!
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,8/29/2008,6,21,6,6,9>Since I work downtown I've experienced some of the highs and lows of the downtown lunch scene.  Restaurants seem to come and go pretty regularly downtown without much fanfare.  Cacao Grill, a Nicaraguan place on SW 1st St,  has been around for a little while.  This place wasn't on my radar though until a coworker spoke highly about it.  For a downtown lunch spot that serves reasonably priced food, the place has an upscale feel.  The restaurant is very clean and orderly and looks like it recently got some fresh paint.  As for the food, I'd highly recommend the grilled spicy chicken breast ($9.95).  That is some of the most flavorful chicken I've had in a while.  My friend got the 8 oz. churrasco which looked good as well.  Aside from the really good chicken, here's what won me over: all meals are served with two sides, either plantains, gallo pinto (the Nicaraguan equivalent of congri), or white rice.  Fine, lots of places do that, but do they give you the "say when" portions?  What i mean is when the server brings you your main dish they also bring along with them big serving dishes of the side items which they pile onto your plate until you "say when."  You know I took advantage of this.  I think I got my money's worth in plantains alone.  This place is really good.  Try it.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,8/28/2008,2120,778,7,16,15>The Love Affair continues...As with all love affairs, in the beginning you can't seem to get enough so even though I had dinner here on Thursday night I had to come back again..as soon as possibleI stopped in on Sunday for brunch, I wasn't sure if they'd be open but I figured I'd take the chance and go see, as I was dreaming of warm, soft, french toast. To my delight they were open. And voila there it was in the middle of the small, back to basics, simple brunch menu, "French Toast". Satisfying a craving is always good however, their french toast exceeded my craving expectations as it was perfect. My sister had the pancakes which were light and fluffy. And we shared scrambled eggs and wheat toast. The servings were perfect, nothing huge but so well proportioned that you will be content. Total cost of breakfast/brunch a whopping $16 (I rounded up)
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2008,8/27/2008,223,290,11,12,10>I don't know how much of an expert of cupcakes Rosie D. is, but I didn't find any of her negatives at all relative to Misha's Cupcakes. I saw a simple, nice, and sweet establishment. I didn't have that bad of a problem finding it and the second time around i'll laugh at myself for missing it. Don't you hate when that happens?Anyway, the cupcakes I tried were mini's of vanilla (with white chocolate inside), chocolate, and red velvet. Once I bought them, like any honest, hard-working yelper, I stuffed my face in the car. The vanilla was my favorite of the three and was my first. The chocolate was very good and didn't overwhelm, nor did it taste like artificial chocolate (super sweet with no body). It was just chocolate, really good chocolate. The red velvet left me confused with minimal taste but just as much body as the other two. Would I go back to this place? No. I Would run back here with my nephew and niece. Or return with a date who is as sweet as the cupcakes. /endcheesyremark
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,9/19/2013,274,769,5,8,4>Staycation Heaven! If you're a local taking a couple of days away from home, Hotel Urbano hits the spot. I first came here for an Art Basel preopening, and like the fact they were supporting local artists.For one, the art is still there. The rooms are bright, and the huge bed is comfortable. After watching the Heat get the win in basketball cum UFC fighting, I easily nodded to La La Land. The bathroom in my suite was clean, well stocked with towels and soap, and with a full height glass shower that reached a pleasantly hot temperature quickly.Food standouts were a BBQ bacon chicken sandwich (they swapped out the white sauces for extra bbq) and my favorite brunch dish of eggs Benedict. The sweet red peppers seasoning the potatoes that came with brunch were a nice surprise with that particular dish!I used the treadmill, and elliptical, along with some free weights at the gym. While thec the cardio machines had their own TV, this is why I'm taking off one star since the tv in the stairmaster wasn't working. Though I did manage to get a nice sunset view of the Roads and the pool's fire pit!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,9/18/2013,120,122,23,19,17>Once upon a time there was a beautiful nightclub in Miami Beach named Story.  She had an evil sister named LIV, who (strictly by association) tarnished Story's reputation at first.  Story and LIV looked a lot alike, but there was just something magical about Story that made people fall in love.Ok, ok... I'll stop with the ridiculous pun.  Here's the low down:Story is, in fact, a big, extravagant, pretentious looking typical Miami nightclub, with a lot of lights, and half naked dancers, and all the razzle dazzle... upon first glance, it's easy to compare to LIV, however, as someone who avidly campaigns for LIV to be swallowed into the fiery pits of hell, I can give you my word that Story and LIV are 2 totally different experiences.Yes, you are going to wait in line to get in (unless of course you know a promoter, in which case... you'll still stand in line...), but that's pretty much in the fine print when you sign up to go to one of these clubs.What I like about Story that I hate about LIV.... the crowd.  Of course, you'll always have your super pretentious hoochie mama's and papi chulos... it's Miami, you'll find those just about anywhere in town, but it's just a different vibe.Drinks are expensive, but again... Miami Beach. It's expected.If you get lucky, you can find street parking nearby.  We usually park in the lot down the block for $10.The sound system is fabulous, and all the best DJs are lined up almost back to back to play at Story these days.  In the last month, I've seen 3 very popular DJs with absolutely no hassle to get in on any occasion.You definitely want to dress to impress, and wear your comfiest pair of stilettos, because it's almost impossible not to want to walk around the club to check out all it's nooks and hang out spaces.  I prefer the upstairs area, but that's just me (the dance floor in front of the stage is just a little much... I like to watch from a distance... it paid off at Aoki... no cake on me)If you like big pretentious clubs, you'll like Story... If you like big pretentious clubs, but dislike snobby pretentious crowds... you'll like Story.9 out of 10, only because the bathroom lines get a little outta hand.  Fine print problems....and they all live Happily Ever After.Fin.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,9/17/2013,227,222,7,7,7>We were greeted by a chicken pecking along the asphalt. That alone gets this place a top rating in my book. You see, I grew up in Hialeah, where chickens abound. I remember once having to stop in the middle of a major intersection because a chicken just parked itself in front of my car only to get laughed at by passing motorists. Silly chicken.Now, I'm not sure if the chicken is affiliated with Fiorito, but you have to love kitsch.The exterior (part of which is an absolutely abysmal parking lot, but there really isn't much space for anything better) does Fiorito little justice. The restaurant, replete with Argentine decor in a low-light setting, is both homey and modern. And while not necessarily able to accommodate large parties, it's perfect for a more intimate time between a man and his woman (or a man and his bottle of wine).We started with the empanadas, which are stuffed with hanger steak. The filling was simple, though it's really hard to go wrong with hanger steak anything. My only gripe is that the empanadas were a little soggy. I'm not sure if this is a regional thing, but personally, I prefer a crisp, fried empanada. Still, at like three bucks a pop, it's hard to say no.As an entree, I ordered the lamb ragout served with parpadelle pasta. The lamb was tender and ridiculously flavorful, and the pasta couldn't ask for a more generous helping of sauce. If you're anything like me and hate to see specks of pasta lacking a saucy hue, then you'll be most excited when the plate is set before you.Choosing wine was a rather curious. Where most places charge you a cheaper rate if you choose to go wholesale (i.e. purchase by the bottle instead of the glass), at Fiorito, it's smarter to purchase by the glass. I think we spent about $28 for four glasses of wine while the bottle would've cost about $29. It's just a buck, I know, but still worth considering.I really couldn't have asked for a better meal. I just hope that the chicken is still there when I go back. Really, I'm not sure why it wouldn't be. I mean, there's no way a chicken is in anyway tempting fate if it chooses to loiter outside of a restaurant, right?RIGHT???
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/16/2013,57,52,4,9,5>I'd been meaning to check this place out  since I found out about the change of name/ownership, and I finally got around to it.If you liked Cervezas, chances are you'll enjoy Brewskis. South Florida staple Bougainvillea's purchased this place about four months ago, and they've elected to leave it almost as is. Not a whole lot has changed (given the limited space of the location), but they did add some much-needed seating. If you're like me, though, you'll go straight to the bar to enjoy a better view of the real reason you've come here: the ridiculously extensive beer selection.That much has remained the same, thank God (or Bacchus?). The entire back wall is one huge fridge full of almost any beer you can think of... Craft Beer is king here, so more than likely they'll have your favorite brew. The service is excellent (props to Scott and Cate); you'll be hard-pressed to find more amicable bartenders in all of Miami. They truly round out the reasons behind this five-star rating.Note: This is NOT a flashy hotspot where people go to see and be seen; this is a local bar for beer lovers to drink a cold one with friends. And who knows, even if you're not a beer enthusiast, you may come across an ale that you enjoy. To that end, I recommend attending one of their beer tastings. Those are always fun.Oh, and if you get hungry, Sushi Maki delivers here. That is all.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,9/15/2013,309,226,10,9,9>No longer exist the days where I have to drive out to have a nice, hearty burger!  I am so happy to have found this little gem of a place right close to home in - who knew - Miami Springs?!Yes, Jr.'s Gourmet Burgers offers up grub that is just as delicious as any of the better known burger places out there.  It's set up in a tiny space right off The Circle in lazy Miami Springs. They have a unique menu with great choices and, best of all, everything tastes fresh! Not only do they serve up burgers, but they have salads and other alternatives such as BLT's, chicken sandwiches, turkey burgers, etc. And being the menu stalker that I am, I had already narrowed down my choices as to what I would be indulging in before even driving into Springs.  The N.A.G. Burger (Not a Girl's Burger, which by the way, I could totally wrestle down) or the Acosta burger - hmmm, which will it be?  I went with the Acosta because the black pepper aioli was just too tempting - I can never say no to aioli! In ordering my burger, the waitress asked if I wanted it "cute" or "sexy," to which I blankly stared at her and said, "What does that mean?"  Apparently "cute" means the burger comes as is, and "sexy" means they'll add a fried egg on top!  And who am I to deny sexiness? So "sexy" it was!  To accompany my lovely cow, I went with the Garlic Cheese Fries (pretty good!) which were garlicky and a total people repellent but, really, I didn't care. The ball n' chain went for the onion rings and the BBQ Bacon Cheddar Burger, medium well.Everything was fabulous!  The ball n' chain and I were really satisfied with our choices - juicy, cooked well, well presented - the food was up to par with what I expected.  There are some other burgers on the menu that I'm interested in trying out - namely the one that comes on Texas Toast - whaaaat!!!  I was also really happy to see they had a kiddie menu (believe it or not, lots of places don't offer one therefore limiting possible outings with my gorda), so that was another plus. If this burger joint was in a more well known location, it would attract tons of customers. Luckily, for me, it's not, so I get to keep it all to myself!  Feel free to visit, though!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,9/14/2013,206,133,7,8,8>Without a doubt one of my favorite places in Miami. Fresh, excellent food and wonderful service, with a view to boot. Cannot be beat. I have been here on serveral occassions. I normally go for their awesome happy hour (1/2 price drinks, $1 oysters, and cheap bites) and stay for dinner. I have tried most of the menu and everything is excellent. I came here last week for Miami Spice and was not disappointed. What I did have a problem with however, was the bar service. I had made reservations for 7:30. We showed up at 7:05 (right when happy hour ends). After checking in the hostess, I told her we would grab a drink before our reservation. Trying to grab that drink was nearly impossible. The bar had a few people in it, but I have been there before when there was not even walking room. So, the bartendars cannot blame it on being too busy. She literally ignored us for 15 minutes before I finally said "Can we please get some drinks". She continued with a sour attitude the rest of the encounter. Once we finally got seated (almost 20 min after our reservation), everything was wonderful. Service was perfect. We had a very nice gentleman who was always there when needed. All three of our party did Spice. As an app, I had the croquetas which were delicious. The truffle came out perfectly. The other two people did the pate which they seemed to enjoy. For an entree, I had the filet--all I can say is wow! Cooked to a perfect medium rare, the meat was so tender and juicy. It was accompanied by this spicy broccoli. The flavors were delicious in this, however I found it to be a little too spicy and it took away from the flavor of the meat. Another person in our party had the lamb, which was very interesting. It was similar to bbq flavoring but very very tender and juicy. This is definitely a dish for a lamb lover. It was cooked perfectly. It was accompanied by a spinach with pine nut dish. This was delicious. I would have preferred the spinach with the filet. For dessert we enjoyed the cherry bomb and the peanut butter and jelly dish. Both were delicious, however the winner was the Peanut Butter and Jelly. It tasted just a real sandwich! Overall, everything was phenomenal except for the bar service, but, alas, that will not keep me from such an excellent restaurant. I would recommend cabbing it over, so you dont have to pay for valet which is $12 upon validation. Cannot wait for the next happy hour!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,9/13/2013,620,350,10,11,11>Having a favorite Chinese takeout place in your neighborhood is important.Once you find that place, their magnet is brandished on your fridge forever. The menu is in your most accessible kitchen drawer. Your kids grow up not knowing any other Chinese restaurant but this one, and they're loyal to it from the second they exit the womb.Okay - that last part might be a little dramatic, but my point is that Soi is damn good and their menu has earned a VIP spot in my kitchen drawer.My own palette might be biased - there are a lot of great Latin flavors that appeal to my Cuban tastes. In fact, one of my favorite dishes was the Cu-bang Shrimp which is a mix of stir fry shrimp, Cuban Sriracha, and pork fried rice.The Szechuan Beef had some of the most flavorful hanger steak I've ever had. In fact, both of these entrees required no soy sauce whatsoever from my soy sauce-loving spouse. The seasoning on everything was so perfect, it'd be a crime to defile it with anything else.And last but certainly not least - the Pork Belly Buns were FIRE. Among the best I've had and yes, it is a STRONG competitor against Sakaya Kitchen's own buns.Delivery was fast, packaging was really nice and came with the essentials (fortune cookie + cutlery + chopsticks + some fun Asian candy). And as an added bonus for the typography nerds - the art design on the menus actually stood out enough for me to admire it mid-chew. Order from Soi next time it's Chinese night at the house. It'll be a good time.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/12/2013,128,81,4,13,8>I dropped my 11 week puppy, Pete, off at puppy day care for his first week this week. The staff was so nice and helpful. They explained all the rules, helped me check in and set him up in the system. I felt secure leaving him, but anxious to see how he would like the day. Pete had a blast, as I could tell by the fact he was completely calm, a little exhausted (which is PERFECT), and eager to spend quiet time with me each night. The staff posts pictures of the dogs that day, they had gave me lots of details about him at the end of his day so that I knew how he handled everything. They also had some feedback for me on his temperament and feeding routine. Advice that I was really looking for! They also gave me great feedback on training, veterinarians and future services. They consciously told me not to spend on certain things until he was older, which I appreciate. Pete already made friends with another puppy and his socialization with other dogs on the street and at the park was already remarkably better. I'm so happy that I m taking him to day care while he is still young and needs the attention during the day that I can't quite give because I work full time. Taking on a puppy is a lot of responsibility and DOG Day Care is really helping me feel that my puppy is getting the best of all worlds. Early drop off, late pick up and really reasonable prices make DOG Day Care a great place for me in the Wynwood area. I m excited to be a recurring customer!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,9/11/2013,28,60,4,6,5>Miami Real Estate Realty has a perfect Yelp rating for a reason - they work extremely hard to get the job done. My husband and I moved to Miami from NYC. We presumed finding a rental in Miami would be a walk in the park compared to the nightmare of finding a space in NYC. Well, we were in for a rude awakening, as the Miami market is comparable to that of NYC. Thankfully came equipped with the awesome professionalism of Denni and Marc. Denni was our main contact, and she is a steady, confident presence in the face of many an apartment hunting adversity. And, let's be real, who has found a new apartment without a little drama-rama?We too felt the pressure of being admitted into a building, finding a good view, and closet size to match. Amazingly, Denni hit the mark with the first place she showed us. Now, being difficult clients, we made her drag us to about ten other places before we ironically chose to rent first place we viewed. Husband and I were living out of suitcases, and Denni not only negotiated the lease for us, she pushed the move in date so that we could stop shelling out cash for crappy hotel rooms. Hoo-ray, Denni! Denni isn't all business though, through casual conversation she will help newbies (like us) learn the ins and outs of living in Miami. Such as parking, valet, the social scene, traffic, etc.After we moved into our place we agreed that the whole time we secretly wanted to invite Denni over to kick back with a beer on our great new patio. Alas, we think Denni is too busy (and likely too classy) working hard to help other Miami residents find an amazing new place. Save yourself a ton of time and wasted energy ... call Denni and Marc when you are ready to move.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,9/10/2013,284,497,7,14,13>Thanks to new management, namely Sari from Little Lotus, Ozzi has a new menu featuring some of our favorite Little Lotus maki rolls, like the Big Mac and the Flagler roll. The express sushi concept is the same, you grab whatever floats your boat, literally. Plates are color coded by price, the highest being $3.50 and they just tally it up when you leave. You can also order a la carte, which is what I prefer. Happy hour is every day until 6:00 PM but I'll let you in on a secret (oops not a secret any more). Come after 7:00 PM that's when the chef from the former L.L. is in the kitchen.I didn't know this when I ordered my beloved paratha cake prior to 7:00 PM. The flavor was the same but the paratha had been prepared in advance and it's just so much better fresh, hot and crispy.  A new discovery were the takoyaki- octopus balls with bonito flakes and katsu sauce. I like foods shaped like... balls and I like things that are fried. Put the two together and I am a happy gaijin. This is Japanese street food at its finest. Mashed potato wheat flour batter with a piece of octopus in the middle, steaming hot, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, drizzled with a brown and a white sauce. Makes me want to go out and buy a takoyaki pan. I would totally love it if they had a vegetarian version sans octopus. All rolls can be made without rice or optional brown rice. Yay for us carb conscious girls. Make me feel better about eating fried paratha cakes and scrumptious octopus balls. The hostess/ waitress up front is super friendly and efficient. Definitely on top of her game, nice to see in a city where bad service is the norm. The new lunch special is a great deal with free delivery, a bento including a Cali roll, ginger salad, chicken gyozas, rice and the teriyaki protein of your choice for $9.95. Apparently these are selling like hot cakes. Keep it up, will be back for more.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,2/26/2013,160,130,6,7,7>Little gem of a spot.  The decor inside is charmingly shabby, but the service and food are really excellent.  I've gone to this place since about 2007.  It's off the beaten path in the middle of a group of businesses that share a courtyard.  The eastern boundary of the building is on E 1st ave between Flagler and SE 1st street, across from Miami Tower.It's a mom and pop operation.  Wife takes orders, husband cooks.  They both appear to be French, and the food is simple french bistro fare.  The type of restaurant people in France eat at lunch every day.  The prices are excellent.  They usually have a set of 5 or 6 specials and for $10.95 you get soup/salad, a main, and a small dessert.  The food is always good, and the people who run the place are so good.  It's a really nice and welcomed change from the normal downtown lunch scene.  I highly recommend this place.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,2/25/2013,40,74,3,6,5>We went on a Thursday night because lately I really want oysters!Find your table, (quickly cause it gets taken up fast!) then go to the counter and order. Marie was the sweetest! She really does introduce herself and seem to genuinely want to help you and get to know you.Their special on Thurs is 10 oysters for $7. Really good and I've had some good and bad oysters. They're not Apalachicola quality but really what is?I'm so thrilled that there is a oyster place nearby with good half shells that won't squeeze my wallet dry.Got the chicken wings, medium. Could only finish 7 of them cause my stomach isn't used to the heat! Quality food. Crispy juicy and wonderful.Husband got the Tarkburger - this place is def all about the seafood. That poor sad little burger looked like it was from the kids menu! Typical burger, nothing fancy. Seafood is what you come here for.I saw the food the others were eating.Next time I'm getting the New England clam chowder - looked so creamy and wonderful.Also the conch salad - looked like a meal in itself!And possibly I'll try the clams next time...We took the Key Lime Pie to go... I'm pretty sure it'll be great just like all the other food items.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,2/24/2013,168,261,4,7,5>In some cases Yelp needs to add a plus sign when going over the 5 stars. This place would definitely merit that +!Located in West Kendall you'd expect a casual setting. Who goes to Kendall for an intimate dinner?? EXACTLY!! I'm glad Chef Adrianne kept her masterpiece local and not flock to Brickell or Coral Gables like the rest of them. The place holds about 60 people so be sure to have a reservation well in advance if you're going on a weekend. Soft Jazz music playing in the background, dimmed lights, professional wait staff - This I like!!So lets get started, shall we? This is a wine bar so what do we get? Duh! Robert Mondavi Cabernet. Can't ever go wrong with this brand. Not to mention, reasonably priced at $23/btl. The menu is very elaborate. There are some stuff you've seen on other places, but this Chef throws her twist on every meal. So get your palet ready for some excitement. Starters: Frito CornOne ear of corn double cooked with what seems to be buffalo sauce, spices, crumbled goat cheese and Fritos! Absolutely delicious! Great small portion to get you ready for the main event!Entree Osso BuccoTheir famous and one of their specialities. For those who don't know, this section is at the calf level cross-cut veal shank, cooked for MANY hours served with Mash and organic Spinach. It's a HUGE portion but you won't want to share it because it is so good! Take the leftovers home and create yourself some sliders :)Entree 2:  Roasted Duck w/palentaNeed I say more? Great sized entree, the palenta mixed with the savory duck makes your jaw salivate. Dessert: Mango Bread PuddingI don't like bread pudding. I don't like mango all that much. But when I read it's her ultimate dessert I had to try. So good we ate it all! Served on a small black cast iron pot this warm dessert is the perfect ending. Absolutely fantastic place. Definitely a place for a special date. Can't wait to go again!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,2/23/2013,227,222,5,4,4>I had never heard of Angelique until we walked past it last Friday night, and honestly, the only reason I even stopped in is that a restaurant that shall remain nameless met our patronage with little interest and regard, so we left in search of greener pastures.Luckily, Angelique welcomed us with open arms.Angelique is a quiet little place, calm and relaxing and accentuated by the oddly out-of-place-yet-strangely-in-place flutist playing a sweet little melody outside. The decor is comprised of small intimate tables, dark lighting, and a large bar that reminds me of a stony hearth above a fireplace.The menu is eclectic: a borderless representation of the European continent that the EU should envy. Met with an almost dizzying array of foods (many of which I'd never heard of), we started with the escargot (of which I had absolutely none) and what I thought would be a simple order of fries.Let me tell you. Simple though they were, these fries were a testament to the skinny fry: crispy, lightly-salted, and sprinkled with an herb that, though I couldn't place it, danced wonderfully despite my drowning it in beer after beer.I decided to play it safe, opting for the gnocchi: a decision that, while founded in cowardice, proved most wise. The gnocchi was absolutely perfect: doughy, creamy, and soft, though most certainly not rubbery or tough. Tossed in a creamy cheesy sauce, it was easily -- hands freaking down -- the best gnocchi I've ever heard.We shared a cheesecake for dessert that, though nothing particularly special, was a perfect marriage of white chocolate and creamy cheese.And, of course, what would the meal have been without a few glasses of port? Satisfied and slightly sloshed, Angelique Euro Cafe prove a most excellent surprise, and I highly recommend it.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,2/22/2013,103,154,15,12,10>If you have a Rolex you aren't too crazy about, or a Louis Vuitton bag you could live without, you might want to sell those on eBay before dining at Tosca. If you have read my other reviews you know I am fortunate to dine out a lot, often in high end restaurants. Never in my life have I witnessed as expensive a menu as Tosca (not in NYC, London, Rome or Paris).Let me get to the ambiance and the food before I continue my rant about the prices. The ambiance is beautiful. It's as romantic as can be with a fountain outside, lovely outside seating, cozy bar area, and private cinema. If you are getting engaged, this would be the place to take your fiancee. Although you might not be able to get as big a diamond after you drop so much money at this place. We had very little food last night. Why? Well it was a question for us to splurge or make our car and/or mortgage payments so we decided to order only a few things. We sampled the truffled mac and cheese, asparagus, mushroom side, mushroom ravioli and cheese board. Everything was tasty, although the asparagus was overcooked. Also, the chef could be a little less heavy handed with the salt. Service was superb. The entire staff couldn't have been nicer. They gave the sort of service you would expect if you are paying such exorbitant prices. Let me give you an idea of the pricing so you don't think I am out of line:* The eleven course tasting menu is $295 (which is WITHOUT a wine flight)* Salads range from $15 to $45 dollars. You can add special aged balsamic to your salad for an additional $200 per 1/4 oz. * My mushroom ravioli was three ravioli for $30* One grilled shrimp is $30. It's $15 per grilled diver scallop.So that is just to give you an idea. I laughed when one of the reviews read "it's not cheap". That is the understatement of a lifetime. Go here if you have a very special occasion, are a multimillionaire, or are really into a particular woman or man. Enjoy!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,2/21/2013,165,258,8,12,12>The Dugout is that local joint where everybody knows your name and any attitude is left  way out in the bleachers. Mix the shell of the former Vlada bar with a pool table and an on-demand digital juke box and you've got The Dugout. A gay sports bar? Who knew!? The vibe is neighborhood, dark and dive-y. No need to dress up. Damn, there's not even a need to groom. It's that dark. What a relief! Just be careful if you meet anyone. Who knows what you'll find they look like in the light of day.Your bartender (the owner Robert) is a total sweetheart who plays the role well, and who is more than desirous of introducing everyone to each other. He seamlessly remembers your name and drink choice. Last night, we went to watch the Super Bowl on the flat screens, and someone surprised the bar by bringing pizza for everyone. Yes, Dear Readers...gay men do eat!So, when you want a break from the typical gay bar and have a penchant to just hang, I would recommend giving The Dugout a try. Put down your iPhone, talk to your fellow patrons, and enjoy. The 2-4-1 Happy Hour including top shelf martinis (as I prefer) clinch the deal for me. As when it was Vlada's you may be the only folks there for Happy Hour, but Robert will take good care of you. Tell him Ken sent you.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,2/20/2013,68,218,5,8,7>Had the privilege to come as part of the soft opening and I must say, I'm in love.The place fits perfectly in Midtown. Is modern. chic yet comfortable and cozy. And the food, oh boy the food. We started we the Red miso angus beef and the spicy miso fried chicken. Both plates were just beyond delicious. The contrast of flavors in the Red Miso Angus Beef was incredible and the spicy fried chicken was definitely one of the best fried chickens I have ever had. Of course, you can't come here without trying the specialty of the house, THE RAMEN. Enter Bakudan and Hokkaido. Bakudan was a big bowl fill with a delicious broth, fresh made noodles, beef all mixed to make one incredible ramen. Hokkaido was another big bowl also filled with a delicious broth, fresh made noodles and a seafood delight. Gig crab legs, scallops the size of olympic medals and shrimps all made a very tasty ramen. But I can not emphasize enough the importance of the fresh noodles in the ramen. I loved the noodles.Another cool thing about Machiya is the cocktail list. Not much of a cocktail guy but we had the Midtown and the Machiya and both were excellent. Highly recommended to all of you cocktail snobs.Best wishes to this great addition in Midtown. I can't wait to be back.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,2/19/2013,336,556,7,9,7>After a long much awaited visit to Le Macaron last night, I can honestly say my wallet is hurting, but my taste buds are screaming and yearning for more.Their macarons are outstanding (some of the best I have ever had), and this place should now be recognized as a haven for French enthusiasts and connoisseurs of French dessert culture. When I visited, I tried two macarons, pistachio and white chocolate, which came out to almost $5. Both stayed true to their name, and their pistachio/white chocolate flavors were distinguishable. The outside shells were crunchy but broke down when you bit into them, exhibiting good food texture, with the cream being soft and flavorful.I would definitely come to Le Macaron again. Small in size, expensive in price, but almost forgiven in regards to texture and flavor.The nice French lady who owns/works there was also a pleasure to talk to.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,2/18/2013,98,175,11,12,10>I knew I was in for a treat when the waitress brought out a bread basket - FILLED WITH CHICHARONES!!! Seriously, when a meal starts out with deep fried pork fat how can it end badly?La Esquina Del Lechon (or "Pig Corner" as this gringa calls it) is a Cuban restaurant specializing in roast pork. The options are many - pork tacos, shredded pork, pork in rad sauce, garlic pork... You get the picture. But wow the pork is good. Probably the best roast pork I have had in Miami. I had the roast pork in salsa and it was delish - the pork was tossed in a tobasco sauce with grilled onions and peppers. It comes with two sides (various types of beans and rice, yucca, plantains, veggies) and my mariquitas and morro rice were very good and went with my pork perfectly. They also give you three different garlic sauces to douse your pork in - garlic and oil, garlic and jalapeno and a garlic chimichurri sauce. Yum!My friend and I ate at the restaurant but I also ordered takeout for a coworker. The takeout order was packaged with great care. Everything was packaged separately so that the beans could not spill on the pork tacos, and the rice would not spread everywhere. The sides of guacamole and sour cream were also in little individual containers and they even included a little side of each of the garlic sauces. The cherry on top was the takeout bag - they have custom-printed bags with a cartoon piggy on the front that is so fat and happy you wonder if he realizes his inevitable fate. The only drawback to this place is it is so far away! Located in a weird industrial area just north of Doral, I can't see myself making a special journey out here for dinner but I do see myself using this as a place to entertain coworkers visiting from out of town. As long as you get there early enough (it gets PACKED after 12pm) it would be a great lunch spot to introduce out of towners to the joys of Cuban-style roast pork.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,2/17/2013,490,388,4,3,4>Despite the fire-y evening (literally - the art warehouse next door was up in flames and the street was closed), we had an amazing time at the fancy pants cocktail party. While we were a bit disappointed that we weren't offered any cocktails on the regular menu, the two drinks we were offered were amazing: Mumbai Garden (Bombay Sapphire, Strawberry Lemonade, Chammomile Syrup and Basil) and Oakheart Filthy Fashion (Bacardi Oakheart Rum Old Fashioned with Filthy Black Cherries). I wished the Mumbai Garden had just a tad more basil flavour, but the Oakheart Filthy Fashion was really good. We kept hearing that there were going to be samples of food passed around, but never saw anything come out of the kitchen to try. We ended sitting down and ordering dinner, which was surprisingly really delicious. Korean bbq short rib arepa ($6): The least dazzling part of the meal, the meat is seasoned well and the arepa buttery, but it seemed to be lacking still. There was only a little meat for the price, we ended up with more arepa than meat at the end. Shiitake enchilada ($11): This vegan dish is absolutely delicious, tender shiitake mushrooms in a creamy (non-dairy) sauce with a rich tamal underneath. More like a tamal with toppings than a traditional enchilada, but delicious nonetheless. Bi Bim Bap w/Short Ribs ($17): I've always wanted to try this traditional Korean dish, however just never had the opportunity. As such, I cannot say whether this holds up to traditional preparations, but it tasted amazing. I think the table runner was a bit put off when I didn't let him stir it for us, but I wanted to take pictures (typical Yelper lol). The rice got crispier as it sat in the steaming bowl, making it even more delectable. The kimchi and accompanying sauce made it spectacular. Bread Pudding ($10): We tried the bread pudding on recommendation of the server, as well as seeing a photo or two here on Yelp. We were a bit disappointed when it came, as it had maybe a 1/2 scoop of ice cream on top, whereas a photo here on Yelp had two huge scoops. But other than that, the dessert was creamy and decadent. We will order again, but will make sure to ask for ample ice cream ;)Service the entire time, from the bartenders, to server, to food runners and bussers, were extremely friendly, accommodating and professional. Excellent service, great food - a new favourite for sure.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,9/19/2011,255,530,6,9,8>I'm in my carbo loading state, while Panda Kitchen, takes there sweet sweet time on my kitchen and bath. So, while the construction lay stagnant I chose to get back to my  basic, and run on back to Pamela's where there service is sweet, kind and always with a smile. I can nosh on Chilean bread, which is magnafique! and there version of salsa called Pebre, which I could eat by the gallon.Sometimes I wish everyone could act like the people of Pamela's, kind and patent to this gringo. Today I needed comfort food, and got the pork lomito sandwich, which is a pork loin, slathered with avocado cream, tomato and there Chilean bread. This is pretty basic, but I think the bread and avocado pulls this one all together. Being full already, I had to try the golden clam empanada, it really has an interesting texture, and the taste of the ocean, but in a good way.While I was there I had to buy some delicious cabernet sauvignon and so canned razor clams, so I could make linguini with red clam sauce!
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,9/18/2011,202,134,7,7,5>One look at the menu and I knew there was a connection when I saw the Portobello pizza- portobello mushrooms, sundried tomatoes, caramelized onions, and- wait for it- Goat cheese!!!! All it took was one look at the word "goat cheese" and I knew it was going to be a match made in heaven. When the pizza came out it looked like a work of art- each topping carefully laid out, not haphazardly thrown about.  The caramelized onions & mushrooms gracefully laid out, the sun-dried tomatoes strategically placed to ensure the perfect amount in every slice, and the specks of goat cheese sprinkled about to give it the finishing touch! After taking in this masterpiece, I took a bite and was further catapulted into culinary bliss! The sweet taste of the caramelized onions balanced the nice tanginess of the goat cheese and the earthiness of the mushrooms.  The cheese was carefully placed so it didn't overpower the other flavors. With each bite you can further taste each layer of that pizza and it was absolutely mind blowing. I also tried the 4 cheese and the Athena and both were amazing, but my stomach is biased toward anything with goat cheese in it, therefore the Portobello is the clear winner. Service was also great. The waitress did a great job at keeping our cups filled and free flowing with drinks, & she was quite pleasant. So if you want to try pizza that is a step above the rest & aren't afraid of "unconventional" toppings, then make sure to stop in at Andiamo.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,9/17/2011,120,391,7,10,9>"Chi mangia solo crepa solo."thankfully, i wasn't alone when i ate at fratelli milano. it would have been a shame not to share such great food with another human. after hearing nothing but great things about fratelli milano, i had to try it for myself. in case you're wondering, yes, it's everything people say it is.we started with a caprese salad which was fresh and tasty.the entrees we chose were: agnolotti di pollo and the fiocchi di pera. mama mia!!! both dishes were amazing. the fiocchi di pera was something i never could have even dreamed of...pasta with a hint of sweetness. it was so uberly perfect.i read several reviews that service was not great. this was not the case with me. service was friendly.this is as good as it gets!!!
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,9/16/2011,165,258,8,10,9>Indeed, the staff is super friendly and, to paraphrase Jack Nicholson's line from 'As Good As It Gets', make me want to be a better man.  In addition, the grape leaves from the Mediterranean platter app have a very nice level of spice.  I wish the portion was larger as we were splitting it between two of us.  Next time, I get my own.  Nice hummus, foul, etc., but smaller than we expected.  The homemade pita, of which there was one, was very tasty.  Portion size noted for next time.Now, the pizza, of which we ordered the Koko with chicken, olives, spinach and feta was very tasty, but the large is more of a small/medium, so be aware of that when you order.   Portion size noted for next time.Overall, we enjoyed our takeout meal and will go back when take out is in order.  Next time, I'll order more to avoid that native, unavoidable pang I get as a Sicilian when there isn't 'too much' food on the table.  Two people = Two pizzas.  It's simple math.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,9/15/2011,253,216,10,8,8>Ahhhh...who knew a place named Meat Market in SoBe would actually be a delicious restaurant and not a gay bar?!At Meat Market, I had one of those meals where a week goes by and I'm still thinking about it. Their specialty drinks were delicious and the steak was one of the best I've had in Miami. Couple that with the ideal location, a good crowd and great service, and you have MY kind of place.I was sad that I didn't have enough room for dessert, but I will definitely be going back! Meat Market, I am DEFINITELY a fan!
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,9/14/2011,210,101,15,16,14>This review is about the croquetas, and the croquetas only!  Jamon, of course.  THEY ARE AMAZING!!!  When I first moved to Miami, I discovered two things, aside from the horrible drivers and the...horrible drivers:  Jamaican Patties and CROQUETAS!!!A co-worker brought these little pieces of heaven to work one day, and after that, I've been hooked!  These croquetas are totally different from any Publix, bakery, or Sergio's croquetas - they just have so much flavor and you can't just have one!
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,9/13/2011,124,104,9,13,12>After careful research, I selected Morro Castle as the first stop on the Cheap Tuesday Night Dinner Club (the "CTNDC"), a group started by some college friends in Miami.  I think everyone would agree that it was an excellent selection.Located on a bustling section of NW 7th Street, Morro Castle is the epitome of a hole in the wall, counter service and plastic chairs, exactly what we were looking for.I ordered the Pan con Papa Rellena, which was topped with chopped onion and homemade shoestring potatoes (First time I have seen that at a Cuban place).  The potato was crispy and the spiced beef was flavorful.  I took a bite of a friend's Pan con Lechon, and I can honestly say its in the top 3 I have ever had.After dinner we had to all try the churros.  Be warned, one order is 5 enormous churros, which is plenty to share among a group.  We ended up with an order a piece and all had churro doggie bags.  They were freshly made for us, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside and dusted with sugar.  Hot chocolate was good and had an interesting flavor, but I recommend the small, as it was very sweet, but its great to dunk your churros in.I highly recommend Morro Castle for cheap eats....1 sandwich, 1 diet coke, 1 bag of 5 churros, and 1 small hot chocolate....$6.12!
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,9/12/2011,490,388,6,10,9>This is REAL Argentinian BBQ at it's finest. On Saturdays and Sundays, this unassuming little market (which, by the way is amazing on it's own) turns into a backyard BBQ. They sell freshly grilled churrasco, picanha, chorizos, ribs, chicken, sausages...so many different kinds of meats. You go to the actual grill, order what you want by looking and pointing, it is then heated on the grill again (pre-cooked, but not more than just a little while ago and stays on a grill). After heating, the grill master, as I like to call him, hands your meat to the cashier who weighs it and charges you by the pound. I highly recommend the picanha and the sausages. Absolutely amazing. Make sure to order the picanha rare. Knowing Spanish is pretty much a requirement here. I did see one woman in line who was very lost and wasn't being helped because she didn't speak Spanish, in which I turned into a translator. But overall the service is extremely friendly and accommodating. Bringing cash is helpful, but not required. The cashier on the side cannot swipe your card, so after she weighs your order and gives you a receipt, you'd have to go inside the actual store to pay with your card before being given your meal. Also, parking here is a nightmare, so bring the smallest car you have and plan on having to wait for cars to move around to get in and get out. Delicious, authentic grilled meats and amazing bread (make sure to ask for it, you won't be sorry!). I also am not a fan of spicy, so I'm not much for the picante, but the regular chimichurri is fantastic.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,9/10/2011,1208,265,10,15,8>I love a good hole in the wall. Now a healthy hole in the wall is a little slice of heaven.Here is what we shared: ...Avocado salad - Loved it with the fresh Florida avocado (much less fat than the California ones) ...Chicken and Cheese - The signature dish for good reason.  Seriously maybe one of the best things on the planet. The chicken and melted cheese top a bed of rice. It is large, so share.  ...Sunburger - One of the best I have had. Very tasty and a good substitute for beef ...Fried Sweet Potato Chips w/ sun sauce - hallelujah, I would beg for these For the price and for your health - this place is unbeatable. BONUS TIME: Free frozen yogurt at the end - flavor changes BONUS TIME 2: Ask for Sun Sauce to bring home, it makes everything taste betterBONUS TIME 3: see bonus time 2
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,9/9/2011,229,492,12,16,13>Exceptional all-around. We came here for Yelp Eats with extremely high expectations after the phenomenal things we had heard, and this usually leads to disappointment with the bar set so high. But it didn't.The service was top-notch, we were asked numerous times if everything was okay, the food was delivered promptly, everything was perfect. The place is beautiful, a secret white cave hidden in the middle of Calle Ocho. Spanish music blaring outside on some annoyingly loud soundsystem across the street, but once you enter there is a beautiful relaxing vibe going on with calming live music (atleast for us on Friday night). The food did nothing but exceed everything we could expect. The appetizers were delish: crunchy tostones, chunky flavorful cheese, and tart ceviche. The entrees didn't disappoint either: amazing pear and cheese ravioli and corvina fish with carrot purree. I preferred my ravioli, the best I've had yet of pear & cheese compared to the other 3 places I've had it. And the corvina fish was a great blend of flavors I enjoyed but was a tad oversweet. And dessert is what made me a real fan of this place. The dulce de leche crepe was ignited upon arrival to us, with a candied rum sauce and two caramel filled burritos, more than enough to share. We definitely left happy. And we will for sure be returning.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2008,11/30/2008,38,39,4,6,7>Best mexican fast-food in the area but as someone else mentioned there isn't much competition. If Ver Daddys was located in southern California it would be a 3-star establishment.I ordered a ground beef macho burrito. The serving was so big that they don't even bother folding it into a burrito, you definitely have to fork & knife it. I've included a picture to prove my claim isn't ridiculous. The flour tortillas are heated to crispy perfection and the fountain drinks are bottomless.There isn't a big amount of seating choices so take-out might be a good choice.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,11/29/2008,19,29,12,8,11>La Vacita!! Us Cubans love this place...we call it La Vacita (the small cow). It's quick, cheap, no one speaks english here, and the best part...you don't have to look for parking! I've shared many mornings with them here, ordering my freshly made and scolding hot french baquettes for breakfast. This place has truly come to my rescue many times, whether i need a gallon of milk or need to buy one roll of toilet paper. It's just so great because i just jump in my car in my PJs and not have to worry about getting off the car to buy just one or two things i so desperately need...i honestly don't know where i would be without my Vacita :)
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,11/28/2008,153,1226,5,9,7>I wanted some fried chicken, I had read Adams review on pack supermarket (right in front of this cute cafe) and i was curious to try it. this changed as soon as i saw the outdoors seating area for the bakery cafe.., it was a beautiful day so i said: "im staying here". this place is also an internet cafe, which ..i dont really know how much it is or how it works... so..anyways, i was starving and i dont really have that much experience with haitian cuisine. so i told the lady behind the counter to hook me up with something good. she said, go for the ox tail, ox tail it is. came with rice, beans, a boiled plantain and a little bit of salad (for decoration?) and i also ordered a lemonade. i had some trouble communicating with the lady cause i dont speak creole and her english is not that good, but who cares? i got to eat some yummy S because of her! the oxtail was perfect! meaty and a little greasy, the way is supposed to be. it was spiced up with i dont know what so it had a kick to it. the rice was pretty good too, i think it had salt and garlic. the boiled plantain i thought i wasnt going to like, wrong. i ate half of it. the lemonade was the perfect match for this meal. grand total? 11$  im definitely taking friends here so they see how cool and eclectic i am... oh yes, this place is right next to a botanica so there was haitian music playing in the background and costumers  would occasionally sign out loud which transported me to another place. this place is great.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2008,11/26/2008,47,18,3,3,3>I been going to Matsuri for a quite a few years.  I have not been back since they renovated until recently.  I went there for a total of 3 times.  The hot food was good and very consistent.  The sushi is great except for the Tuna, it was not to my liking the last time I was there, but the waitress was very quick on replacing it and she was very apologetic.  In fact I had the best service the last time I was there.  There service definitely need improvement, it is very inconsistent.  Matsuri was my favorite Japanese restaurant before the renovation and it still is.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2008,11/25/2008,163,84,4,6,7>Spyro is a nice little Japanese/Thai restaurant in the Upper Eastside of Miami. I had the Udon noodles with Vegetables and a Spicy Octopus salad for Lunch. The portion for the spicy octopus salad was generous (it's usually pretty small at most places) and very spicy (a good thing!). The Udon noodles came in a broth with broccoli , asparagus , carrots and an assortment of other vegetables.  The noodles were good and the price was right so I will be back to investigate their extensive Japanese and Thai menu.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,11/24/2008,1509,3596,10,10,12>Para mi resumen de 1000, voy a revisar el "KFC" Latina.  Es mucho mejor.  Accede a la de pollo asado ($4).  El pollo es sabroso y jugoso en el interior.  Es muy ocupado, ya que solo se ha abierto durante 2 semanas.  Nota: solo latinos aqui, por lo tanto, mi resumen en espanol!As a fast food joint, I think it tastes better than KFC or Pollo Tropical -- (not the fried chicken) check out the GRILLED chicken (they have locations all over California, Latin America and China), sides or drinks are just ok (i.e. maduros, soft fried yucca, black beans and rice)   be careful, if you don't specify, you might get fried, which is kinda dry, then again can be hit or miss b/c fast food sometimes sits around in the warmer.caveat: it's only really good if the turnover is very high -- if the chicken has been sitting around for awhile, it won't be as good of course.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2008,11/23/2008,904,1293,6,15,11>I discovered this jewel in Miami when my daughter mentioned that there was a stinky plant she learned about in school.  Seems that it opens every so many years and it smells like rotting flesh.  FANTASTIC.  So we didn't actually go at that moment, we just had fun watching on live stream video the reactions of the patrons as they got near it.Eventually we went to hang out.  lt was amazing.  Even MORE so when we went when the Chihuly exhibit opened there.  This is a MUST SEE!  The organic nature of the glass sculptures meld seamlessly with the vegetation making the gardens seemingly something from another world.  l cannot even begin to describe how beautiful the mixture of Chihuly art and nature is. A must go.. even without the exhibits.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,11/22/2008,101,102,7,5,6>The fresh market, where all things look smell and taste fresh. this is the place you go to get a really good steak. Fresher than the freshest fresh publix can bust out.  All of the meats they have on display in their deli are fresh, well-lit, and bright red. They look delicious enough to eat if and only if meat was sushi-nized. that'd be fresh!The vegetables are also large and fresh and they have a wide selection of them..even those hard to find kind of vegetables (like spaghetti sqaush, for example) are here. Now that's fresh!I also recommend it for the sandwiches and soups they have over there..you can even have them make one to your specifications (just fill out the pamphlet)  and they come out great and fresh!The sweets are also yummy and damn near costco-ish in terms of its yummyness..This place is not publix...they dont have great prices for things like chips and soda or water..even for butter and other things...They also aren't an organic only place like that stinky hippie joint Whole Foods. They carry some smaller, high-end brands. Many of which taste better than your standard brands.  Particularly for Pasta Sauces and Olive Oil.If you are an aspiring cook and watch a lot of Food Network..and someone like Rachael Ray or De Laurentis inspired you to cook today...get your ingredients here! the place is also so fresh and so clean clean like outkast. I swear, You'll walk in and say to yourself "man i wish all supermarkets were this fresh!"hey i'm serious, you wont find Jeff Weinser here.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2008,11/21/2008,69,50,5,11,9>I love this center. They have a great variety of classes and all the instructors I have met are warm, friendly and knowledgeable.  The center is very nice and the women's bathroom is always clean. For a good bargain or newbie they host a community class Saturdays at 12:30 for $5. Kristen leads the class and she is amazing, very in tune with everyones different levels of yoga.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,11/20/2008,675,517,4,6,4>This place is so cute! It's hidden near the Sunset Mall and it's very private, intimate and romantic. The ambiance is great for dinner. Their menu consists of Italian dishes. I had the Vodka linguine, it's linguine with a pink sauce that tasted delicious!. The service was great, very attentive staff. My husband and I had a great evening.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,7/19/2010,534,839,8,12,12>I love my dentist. When I go there, I know that half my time will be spent talking about each other kids and catching up on life and the other half will be spent on working on my teeth. This isn't some mega conglomerate of dentists together, it is just her. When you make an appointment for 3, then she is going to see you at 3. There is no sitting in the waiting room. I like the TVs mounted on the wall with the soothing underwater dvd on. I also like the care given to my teeth. And the fact that I don't get shit every time I come in because we both know I haven't been flossing as often as I should. A minor point for the guys, my husband and his brothers have been going to her since they were in college and have been remarking ever since that she is the most attractive dentist they have ever seen.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2010,7/18/2010,315,518,21,10,12>I want to get down on bended knee and propose to the Ropa Veija.  I would be "Mrs. Old Clothes" and I wouldn't care that it took three different servers and approximately 15 minutes to deliver us some mojo for our yuca, because I'd know that me + shredded beef = love.  My mistress would be the cafe con leche.The food is always solid delicious Cuban food no matter what you order.  The ambiance is what your latino grandparents feel comfortable in, moth balls and all, but you have to love it all.  The young waiters who eye-sex you, the old waiters who get frustrated with you because you no speaky the Spanish, and the cuban bread that is utterly addictive.  I should know.  I used to eat it all the time during late nights in college and I was frankly kind of fat because of it.So what I'm trying to say is, when the Ropa Vieja and I get married I will need some supporters nearby.  Some wolves to be in my pack.  Will you be in my wolf pack?**This is exactly how my best friend (whom I met at University of Miami and came to Versailles with all the time) asked me to be her bridesmaid.  Well, above that quote, she actually wrote "Who am I kidding, I'm going to need you to bring out the girly-ness and brideness in me."  The fact that she is quoting the Hangover is a wonderfully beautiful sign that I am the perfect girly girl to enlist on this wolf journey.  She will marry a man who loves her enough to want to spend the rest of his life with her.  I will...write a review about marrying beef.  Nothing wrong with this.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,7/17/2010,944,946,8,13,14>I finally had the chance to try Ribs-2-Go last week, after months of driving by his location, with either lunch plans in place, or a fully belly from lunch elsewhere.Mark runs the smoker, and offers some of the best deals on delicious BBQ that I've found in this town.  You can get a quarter rack of ribs (about 5) for $10, a half-slab for $15, or the full monty for $20.  It all comes with your standard BBQ-joint white bread - to mop up all that delicious sauce, of course!  And Mark's ribs are the real-deal - baby backs!  What makes Mark's Ribs-2-Go really stand out is his homemade mustard-based BBQ sauce, or "gold sauce" as fellow Yelper Ramon C. refers to it.  Man is that ish good!  He also sometimes has brisket, so be sure to be on the lookout for that.  You can find him just south of the intersection of NE 2nd Ave. and NE 36th St. Wednesday through Saturday, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.  Man, I can't wait to go back and get some more finger-licking-good BBQ!
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2010,7/16/2010,170,440,6,9,8>after our experience in New York and our yearning for more jazz, our friends went on a search for jazz clubs here.... when this place came up. We were exited about the "No Cover" policy and "No Minimum Drink Required" (ok when we arrived, we found out there is a 1 drink minimum which is fine). It is amazing how this small quaint place sitting above the Van Dyke Cafe host daily a different artist/group. The place even thou small, it was comfortable. Service we had was good. Our friends tried the food - Crab Cakes, Hummus Platter and stated it was fine. Drinks were not too bad either. My hubby had a Dewars on the rocks $11.00 - tab came w/tip included already... It is a nice place. They have on line THEVANDYKECAFE.COM where you can view "streamed live" the show.... Ca lander of upcoming artist is also available. We were lucky to see Mr. Troy Anderson preform a tribute to Louie Armstrong... What a treat that was!!! Show did start promptly at 9pm and i believe runs till 1am.. It is an amazing show and don't forget "NO COVER"!
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,7/15/2010,304,163,3,8,6>Our ridiculously cool friend was throwing a birthday party here, and as we drove around trying to find the place, I asked my boyfriend, "are you sure it's in this neighborhood? I don't really see him throwing a party in a Target shopping center." As we drove up to the impeccably manicured front with rustic and cute shrubbery lining the outdoor area, I quickly rescinded my judgment.The space is HUGE, and I loved the dark, open atmosphere with mismatched furniture and happy diners tucked here and there. We grabbed a cozy nook in the back for our large party. The absolute must-haves of the evening: Bacon wrapped dates- they were huge, plump and juicy, screaming to be worshipped for their perfect sweet and salty combination. The kobe beef sliders were great as well, embellished with a tiny quail egg and a semi horseradishy sauce. And for dessert? The french toast- It melts in your mouth and instantly transports you Saturday mornings, watching cartoons. Pure deliciousness.Had a great evening here- would definitely recommend it for a night of tapas, drinks and good friends.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2010,7/14/2010,125,397,4,8,10>I went back here today  with a group of friends around 8:15 PM to 9-ish and the food was especially good.  Again, I really don't think the area is quite as bad as people think, but admittedly, the freaks do come out at night and around 9, that becomes a little more apparent.  However, just some vagabonds (no, I'm not using that to mean homeless) and the pre-nightclub crowd, nothing serious.  Our cars were definitely fine and the restaurant has a family atmosphere, but surprisingly, it appears most people don't eat out for dinner, but you do still see some people walking around.  Breakfast and early lunchtime seem to be peak restaurant time in Little Haiti.We walk in and are immediately greeting by a kind waitress and the place is spotless, as usual.  As for the food, the plantains were super fresh and had that perfect crispness.  The rice was spicy and flavorful and definitely seasoned much more than before.  The oxtail ($8) was seasoned nicely as well and was very tasty with just a hint of spiciness and a deep, rich flavor from the cloves.  I get the impression that the spiciness at this place might be a bit weak by Haitian standards, based on the Haitian stuff I've made at home (but hey, I used recipes to make stuff I'd never had before, so who knows), but it was very good nonetheless.  A small plus is that all dishes are accompanied by a basic iceberg side salad as a starter that comes with a wedge of tomato.  They were even nice enough to also give a vegetarian friend a salad although all she ordered was rice and beans and fried plantains.  Nothing fancy, but always fresh, unlike some places, and there's a wide array of dressings.  I liked the vinaigrette.  A friend got the steamed fish (possibly $8 as well) and it looked to die for and she and another friend said it was definitely as good as it looked.  Portion control here is better than most other Caribbean restaurants, Cuban included.  You get like 5 of those sizeable fried plantains and lots of rice/rice and beans with just the perfect amount of meat.  I also had limeade, but it had a little something extra that I couldn't figure out.  It was like a vanilla aftertaste.  I have no clue what it was but it was really different.  I thought it was interesting in a  good way but a friend thought it was definitely bad weird.  Wait staff here is always very friendly and helpful.  They never mind answering questions, splitting bills, or helping in any other way.  Also, the staff is bilingual.  All in all, I'm really looking forward to my next visit here.  Next time, I'm so going for that fish!On a side note, whatever cake they sell up at the counter must be really good because it seems that it sold out way earlier in the day.  I think I just might have to try it next time.  I also really need to get in here early for the soup joumou (Soo.Joo.MOO--squash soup--the Haitian national dish) on Sundays.  I bet they do it well here.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2009,7/13/2010,196,289,5,12,9>Determined to finally execute upon my years-old New Year's Resolution, I arrived at ME Fitness in pretty bad shape.   I wasn't overweight or anything, but it really doesn't matter when climbing a flight of stairs makes you huff and puff like an asthmatic.Me Fitness is a gym in Midtown Miami that focuses on personal training.  The Gym has four trainers and some have been called "celebrity trainers" whatever that means.  As the phrase suggests, personal training is personal, and what works for some may not work for others.Cody Patrick, my trainer, was the perfect match for me.  He took a laid back approach with me -- none of the "hanz and franz we're going to PUMP you up" approach.  He doesn't preach and he doesn't lecture.  He just happily tortures me by making me doing things like flip tractor tires.  I went from only being able to walk briskly on a treadmill to running a 5k race in 3 months -- so I'm happy.My introductory session was free.  The gym has all the typical equipment which looks top-of-the-line to me: elliptical, bikes, treadmills with individual TV screens.  Clients came come in during business hours to use the cardio equipment outside of their personal training sessions.There are two showers stocked with all the amenities (including one-use toothbrushes) so that all you need to bring is a change of clothes.I love working out with Cody, but I appreciate the fact that I'm not at a big gym where everyone can see me pant and sweat (heavily) as I awkwardly suffer through the exercises.  I don't like having a gym membership, so being able to pay per session works best for ME.The sessions are pricey but buying packages can help you save.  If you need a little privacy, exclusivity and great experienced trainers then you may want to check this place out.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,7/12/2010,178,264,7,7,7>This is a Food Stand and could change locations.  Best bet is to follow them on Twitter or Facebook to confirm their location.  Their usual spot is in the Regions Bank parking lot on the SW corner of Kendall Dr & SW 147th Ave.  I've been a fan on Facebook for a while and finally made it over there this week. Twice.  The yellow truck is so cool with red lights around the top.  There's a few folding chairs to sit on but it's mostly a stand-up or takeout kind of joint.  You order at the passenger door window and they make to food pretty quick.  I've only paid in cash, I'm not sure if they take credit cards, bring cash just to be safe.On my first visit I ordered the Original Sin sandwich.  I was surprised at how big it is, especially for 6 bucks!  They grill the meat all nice nice and dress it up with veggies, mayo, and delish pesto spread.  The sandwich was so full of flavor I loved it!  Had to go back 2 days later for more.  On the next visit I had the New Sensation which was also great. They have lattes and various beverages.  The Burger, Hot Dog, and Banana Cake are on my list to try.  The menu has only about 7 items but I prefer a place that sticks to what they do best.  I also saw on Facebook they're planning on expanding the menu.  Everything is so cheap and good, it's a sure bet.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,7/11/2010,20,80,6,8,7>Being a native German, you can imagine my excitement when I stumbled upon one of my favourite bookstores from the fatherland right here in Miami Beach on Lincoln Road - Taschen. The store is located in the new Herzog & de Meuron Building next to the movie theatre. While the building is an architectonical disaster in my viewpoint, the store itself is beautifully designed with warm, welcoming murals and terrazzo floors. But the real appeal is - of - course - the book selection. You will find Taschen books covering contemporary and classic art, photography, design, architecture, sex, travel, cinema and pop culture, as well as Spanish and Portuguese language titles. And there's books in German, too! Miamians -consider yourself honoured: this store is one of only 11 in the world. We are joinign the ranks of such metropolises as Paris, New York, Los Angeles, London, Brussels, Berlin, Hamburg and Copenhagen. One step closer to becoming a real city! Thanks, Mr. Taschen.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,7/10/2010,34,125,6,4,8>OMFG.  The f$#@*ing Deuce.You either get this place or you don't.  This is an island in the sea of preposterousness.   Where do you want to go to get drunk?  Do you want to go wait in line, pay $20 and pay $15 for fake call drinks with people you'll never talk to and never know?  OR do you want the Deuce.  South Beach is full of choices.The Deuce reminds me of so many great bars of my past.  There was Tuman's Alcohol Abuse Center, for one.  Nick's.  Rainbow Lounge.  Up and Under.  The list goes on.  What they all have in common is serious alcohol abuse, unreserved and talkative people, friendly but firm bartenders and blur, blur, blur, blur.I've met students from Italy, couples from Holland, tourists from Germany, hookers from Atlanta (no, I will not pay you, but you are beautiful), lots of locals, and you name it: everything from the Bentley driver to the bum.  We closed down the Deuce an hour before Wilma.  It is THE place to be at 4am.Drinks are cheap.  The pool table is friendly.  The bartenders are professional and the jukebox is great.  -1 star for those few nights when... well, I won't get into it.This is like Cheers' illegitimate love child.  Nobody knows your name but many of them vaguely remember you (and that's good enough).
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,5/12/2011,136,225,6,13,12>La Sandwicherie is better than ever! When you first walk up you are greeted by open doors and a decor that is so unique and beautifully done. My favorite part is the countertop which they hand painted themselves! How cool is that. As for the food think South Beach location but now with the perfect ambiance. If you haven't tried the smoothies you have been missing out. They are fantastic! My favorite sandwiches are the turkey and Camembert on croissant and the prosciutto and mozzarella on baguette, doused in vinaigrette of course! The service is quick and management is so friendly. Being me, I had to chat them up! You can friend them on Facebook. Come out to Brickell and welcome La Sandwicherie. You will never have a better sandwich then this I promise!
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,5/11/2011,129,119,3,13,8>I agreed with Anthony Bourdain when he recently said, "If I had the choice of how/where I would die, it would be somewhere in the beautiful Italian countryside - I'd be an old, fat mafioso with fresh pasta still in my mouth when it happened...."In Miami, Laurenzo's is the closest you can get to a death-worthy italian countryside picnic.  It has every Mediterranean delicacy you could imagine, from fresh ricotta to almond biscotti made on-premise.  Upon a recent trip, I wandered the aisles like a kid in a candy store.  I left with things like fresh asiago gnocchi, peppadew peppers, chocolate cannolis, a jar of nutella, stuffed olives, 12-year balsamic vinegar from modena, homemade spicy italian sausage, pickled cucumbers and a 2008 Chianti Classico.  Although the store seems a little dumpy appearance-wise, it remains authentic and its range of quality food products makes every trip seem like an exercise in self control.  il migliore!
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,5/10/2011,170,440,11,26,10>having a bbq at home? got a huge family? or want to have a bunch of your fellow yelpers over? NEED LOTS OF FOOD? this is the place to go. my friend Norma (fellow yelper) introduced me to this place. it is amazing! talk about a variety of good meats, cheeses, poultry and other goodies. do keep in mind all is in very large quantity sizes but a great deal for parties or when feeding a small nation of people!! prices are really good too! they carry Vacio (also known as flap meat - churrasco - nice quality), giant size seasonings, chorizos (5lb bags) among other merchandise. today i took home a nice size package of 2 large baby back ribs (cost: $3.39lb - 1 package 6.350 lbs = TOTAL COST - $21.53!) GREAT PRICE! enough for 5 people for dinner (and hopefully leftovers for lunch!) good place to check out. thanks norma!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,5/9/2011,150,71,11,15,8>The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because I've never been able to get out of here in less than 10 minutes. NEVER.. buuuuuut that just says how good the food is!Esther's is the best fast food SOUL FOOD! Chicken wings, breast, thighs and legs. Pork chops, steak, fried catfish, meatloaf and OXTAILS! Ooooo wee lawd! OXTAILSWords like succulent, flavorful and tender come to mind.. when normally I use those words for myself!Oh and then the sides! Congri, white rice, yellow rice and vegetables, corn, macaroni and cheese, collard greens, salad, mashed potatoes with gravy and candied yams! Now that's PROBABLY not everything but I covered most. The food is reasonably priced and they give you a WHOLE LOT!I normally get the Baked BBQ Chicken with Macaroni and Cheese and Congri rice with oxtail gravy and candied yam juice on the rice! All of that for $5.34! yumDISCLAIMER: Unless you're an active person or you are a participant (not just a member) of a gym, be prepared to spend more money... on clothes... Esther's will get you fatter than ice cold bacon grease!
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,5/8/2011,437,438,1,9,7>I've only been once, but I will be back again...and again, and again. This will become a permanent stop on my frequent Brickell bar crawls. We walked in and grabbed a spot near the bar. I checked in on Yelp and recieved a free shot of Jameson. SCORE! My drinks were $8 here which is on par with some of my other favorites in Brickell like Tobacco Road and Transit. There is eclectic art covering every wall, and when you're drunk, you look at each piece in a totally new way. The bartenders were great, although their register could use some updating. It looked like they were having some trouble when it got busy. The music was mostly your typical club hip hop/top 40, but I liked that they threw in a lot of late 90s/early 2000s songs. It reminded me of partying in high school and college. I had a blast, and I can't be certain if I would still have a blast when I'm sober, but the elements of RedBar are promising for some fun nights to come.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,5/7/2011,179,117,4,12,9>I don't know how Latin restaurants are able to provide such an abundance of ridiculously tasty food for so little...case in point, Coffee Zone, set in the lobby of a Brickell office building that caters to the Venezuelan and Colombian patrons visiting their respective consulates in the same building (and all the other Latin-food-lovers in the area). my lunch today? two huge, well-seasoned, grilled pork chops, a mountain of rice, and some of the most flavorful black beans I can remember having - all for $7.95 and made when you order. the place is always busy from breakfast to late afternoon when they close (4:15 p.m.) and the service is polite, quick and to the point. they have a fairly extensive menu considering the size of the space - including breakfast, pastries, empanadas, sandwiches, salads, fully cooked meals, smoothies, quesadillas, deserts, soups, LOTS of coffee drinks, and even daily specials.I have yet to be disappointed with anything. they don't deliver in the area but are pretty centrally located in Brickell. also, strange but useful fact, if you have to go to the consulate and need a place to leave your cell phone, for $1 they'll hold it for you!!
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,5/6/2011,178,221,8,12,9>On several trips to the zoo, we always said - "hey, we need to come and see what this place is all about". When we saw the sign for a Free day - I couldn't resist free. Now this is a place for a train lover, historian, or kids. On this particular day - it was about the kids. We didn't even get to go into the museum. So - normally - the have link rides (a small kiddie) which on a normal day will cost you $2.50 p/person over 2 y.o. and then they have the bigger train rides that range from $6 - $12 p/person. These are the real trains. The route for the 15 - 20 minute ride takes you through the back of the property which is lush with an old FL feel. They have a slew of old trains from many different eras that you can walk through... be weary if you are claustrophobic!! And even the Ferdinand Magellan history Presidential car is there - which I think was the one FDR spoke his 'four score and seven years ago' speak from - I think - don't quote me on that one. That day there were food trucks there - amidst a sprawling lawn decorated with picnic blankets. On a hot day - you can even eat inside one of the trains - just next to the small field. It's equipped with AC, tables, and chairs, and windows to look out. This is really someplace you can go for a different experience. Even on not free days - the admission price is very low - $6 for adults?? Something like that. :) Chooo choo!
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,5/5/2011,235,198,5,8,7>this place ROCKSSSSSSSSSS So I live right by one but never gone to it and just so happens la madre and I go out and end up eating here. I was not really in the mood of pizza because I had it the night before...and the night before lol (yes I have been pigging out sHhHh) So my mom orders this delicious packed pizza with cheese upon cheese, meatballs, really SPICY peppers. Now when she said the spicy peppers the waitress told her they were really spicy but my mom loves spicy food and a challenge so the peppers stayed. I on the other hand ordered eggplant marino thinking it was a dish but it was a pizza, and I found that out when I told the server who brought the pizza they had a mix up bc I ordered the eggplant... soo yes pizza for the third night in a row ha. Well I must say this pizza was yum yum yummmmmmy! Love the thin crust! Coal fried is awesome! && the eggplant was amazing! Okay so my moms pizza comes out and it is loaded! Looked like mountains on her pizza with all the meatballs peppers and cheese! She took one bite and said the peppers weren't spicy.. She took another the same and then she shouted whoooooooooooooooooa! Gulped down her beer and said oh yea itsss spiccyyyy! The service was spectacular! Love they serve your first slice, and the waitress kept coming back to see if we were good, needed anything you know all that good stuff. The place was very clean, and organized! So now that I know this is a great spot to go, I will be taking a trip to the one by my casa! Let you know how that one goes!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,5/4/2011,167,134,5,9,9>Good place to just casually hang out, have a light, non-compromising meal and cheap drinks in a mostly outdoor setting. It's far from intimidating which encourages me to come more often. I particularly enjoy coming when there's a Brasilian Football match being shown. The energy is unbelievable! They do charge a cover when they show the games, and it gets so packed in there that they end up with a line of people around the establishment, trying to get in but not allowed because the restaurant's over capacity, almost an hour before the match actually begins!I look forward to future returns to Boteco!
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2010,5/3/2011,98,163,20,11,9>Love, love, love.Love the all-pink decor. Love the fact there's no dudes working out here. Love the notion I can wear sweats and an unwashed face (ew, I know) when I come here.Consider IronFlower the answer to what Miami's been missing -- a cool, ladies only gym. From pole dancing to stripping to chair dancing to ballet barre to cheerleading --there's a class for everyone.I took the Zumba class ($15) where I came to the sad realization that I dance like Elaine from Seinfeld (think white girl moves time 100). But I had a blast. I felt like Shakira shaking my booty from left to right.If you need a break from the same ol', same ol', give IronFlower a whirl. You will like it as long as you don't have a penis.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/21/2014,61,134,5,9,7>Sabor a Peru is a place I take people when they want good Peruvian food and I want to show what Miami has to offer. The wonderful thing about this restaurant is that only the people who need to know about this place do, so you are not molested by tourists or overenthusiastic foodies.    I, a person who does not like to share food, actually find that sharing is the best way to experience this restaurant. Everything that Sabor a Peru offers, from ceviche to chicken, is amazing, so you kind of want to order everything, and sharing is the enabler.    One my last visit, I ordered a house specialty, the jalea. The jalea is a motley of fried seafood that is perfect to pick at while sipping a good Peruvian beer like Cusquena. I also tried the Pollo Saltado for the first time (even though many of my friends and colleagues have raved about it for years). The pollo was good, but I think I am just too wed to the seafood for anything other than creatures of the sea to satisfy my hunger.     Aside from the food, the small size of the restaurant and the little tables pushed together create a propinquity for you and your guests and really allows you to connect with whomever you are. I love just sitting in the restaurant for hours savoring the food and letting the restaurant act on me.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/20/2014,57,52,6,9,7>Great neighborhood tavern! I almost felt like an outsider when I first walked in, what with everybody else apparently knowing each other... a total "Cheers" vibe. But the people are very friendly, and the staff make you feel right at home. The food selection is pretty good for a bar. I had the club wrap with fries; the wrap was great, the fries not as much. The beer choices are refreshingly varied, you can find your run-on-the mill staple brews as well as craft beers both on tap and in bottles. The atmosphere is fun, albeit unusual for a tavern. A plethora of TVs are scattered throughout the dining room as well as the outdoor area, which by the way, features a full wall of big-screen TVs for your viewing pleasure. If you can't find your sporting event on one of the displays, you probably shouldn't be watching that sport.I may not be in the Miami Springs area often, but I count this as one the top contenders the next time I want to go watch a game while kicking back a few cold ones.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,3/19/2014,68,150,5,7,6>The Wreck & Galley is a humble, slightly scruffy, and charming road house in Marathon Key.  Dotted with American sports pennants, dollar bills stapled to the wall, and an open patio, it's a nice spot for a beer or a casual meal.And just like the great British Empire's gently receding influence in these parts, the place has an understated Caribbean-Jamaican vibe to it, too:  there's Boddington on tap, malt vinegar next to your ketchup, and dishes like jerk chicken with rice & peas on the menu. The staff even had Liverpool FC playing on a few of the flat screens when we entered, but several of us promptly and politely demanded that all channels be changed to American football games. (It was a big NFL Sunday afternoon, and the staff complied.)Oh yeah--the food was quite good, and the service was very cool and attentive. I recommend the jerk chicken if it's available, excellent conch fritters, and a very solid blackened grouper.  The Key Lime is home-made and delicious, and a light local lager was perfect at lunch.  If this is what being on a wrecked English ship is like, I'm happy to come back to the Wreck & Galley next time I'm passing through.  Ta Wreck & Galley!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,3/18/2014,24,16,3,10,6>This place has been taking care of me for years! I used to work at the nursery on 87th ave and I used to always eat Jamaica Kitchen whenever I worked Saturdays. Whether it's the oxtail, goat, jerk chicken, or just the spicy patties, it's all good here.Personally, I'm a big fan of the Curry Goat. Not many places serve goat so I always know I can get my fix at Jamaica Kitchen. The fact that Jamaica Kitchen knows how to prepare goat tells you that they have an experinced cook. Goat meat is very hard to work with and if you're unexperienced, the end product is really tough meat. Here, it's wonderfully seasoned and very tender.Their patties are out of this world. Spicy, great texture, and the pastry is flakey. The only thing nad about the patties is that it's pretty hard to keep yourself from buying more lol. It's good eating for on-the-go.Jamaica Kitchen is great! Good food, the owner is a sweetheart, and pretty well priced too. I recommend you go if you want a good caribbean fix.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/17/2014,166,351,6,13,8>I had been wanting to try this place as I love Greek cuisine and have felt the void since Opa South Beach closed down. Poseidon has a more upscale vibe than Opa - no dancing on tables or napkin showers! The restaurant is quiet, modern and beautifully lit inside.The waiter (whose name I never got unfortunately) asked us where we were visiting from and seemed thrilled that we were locals. He made some good suggestions and we opted to order a bunch of appetizers / small plates.First off, he brought grilled bread brushed with the most delicious olive oil and adorned with fresh herbs. That disappeared quickly! Next, we had the assorted Greek spread with pita. The large rectangular platter came with grilled pita wedges and 4 spreads - tzaziki, hummus, baba ganoush and a spiced feta. Each mound of spread was garnished with a kalamata olive and a spear of fresh oregano. Salty, savory HEAVEN!Next came the dolmades, which could be ordered hot or cold. We opted for hot. There were 6 little bundles of perfection on the plate, delicately sauced with the most unusual, rich lemon sauce. I was sorely tempted to lick the plate! Also garnishing the plate was fresh oregano and lemon wedgesFinally, we had the mushroom saganaki - mushrooms sauteed in white wine with tomatoes and haloumi cheese, garnished with a sprig of fresh rosemary.We had a coupon for 2 complimentary desserts. Technically, in order to get the desserts, entrees had to have been ordered, but they gave us one free dessert anyway, which was very nice. We opted for the custard wrapped in phyllo. It was very unusual and quite delicious! Rich without being overly sweet. It came with a scoop of chocolate ice cream - I think vanilla would have worked better but it was still great.Poseidon is truly a 5-star experience. The ambiance is lovely, the food is high quality and presented beautifully and most importantly, the service is top notch. In addition to excellent treatment by the waiter, the owner / manger made sure to check on each table to ensure all patrons were happy.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,3/16/2014,78,9,5,9,8>I recently moved to Miami from West Palm but my boyfriend has lived here for several years. We got a place together a few months ago and, our first night in the new place, we needed to get some delivery! I was looking forward to my boyfriend showing me the ropes down here but he passed out after a long day of moving so I who else could I ask but Yelp! I looked at several places but once I read The Filling Station's menu I knew thats exactly what I wanted! Unfortunately, they only deliver during lunch hours but I had to have it so I picked it up instead. Normally I wouldn't do that because too I'm lazy lol. I am SSSOOOOOOOOOOO glad I did and so is my boyfriend! He had never heard of the place prior to that night but now it has become a staple night-out for us! We have gone at least once a week ever since and sometimes we find ourselves there several nights a week. My boyfriends normally orders the pulled pork philly but I always switch it up and I'm never let down. Maybe it's my imagination but I could swear each thing I try tops what I had the last time! The food is always fresh and tasty and comes out quick but doesn't taste rushed! THEIR FOOD IS MADE WITH LOVE!! You can taste that from the very first bite!!On top of the food being ALWAYS AMAZING and having an incredible beer selection the staff are all super friendly and have come to know us by name as well as the other regulars - it's feels like a family. We have made so many fast friends and we look forward to seeing each time we visit our favorite place in Maimi!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,3/15/2014,6,12,4,8,6>This review is so unequivocally positive and gushing that I am almost embarrassed to submit it.My hairdresser, Steven, works at the Rosanno Feretti salon right next to Oliver's.  Every year, he begins at the top of Oliver's menu, and every time he goes in, orders the next dish, sequentially.  At any other place this would be absurd, but at Oliver's, everything is that damned good, that it somehow works.While some dishes are better than others, this eclectic menu has never disappointed me.  From the brunch pancakes (which really taste more like "cakes") to perfectly al dente spaghetti with olive oil, to crispy, well-flavored fried chicken or Madras-style chicken curry, there are no misses.  I live right down the street and eat there two or three times a week.  Every time I go to the newest Miami culinary hot spot, I find myself comparing the place to Oliver's, with the new place always coming up on the losing end.The staff is particularly friendly to regulars, which is fine with me, as this is most definitely a local place, which is way off the radar of most tourists.  In summary, as long as Oliver's stays put, I won't even consider moving from my condo. I wish they had a full liquor license (only wines for now) but its a small sacrifice, given all the positives.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,3/14/2014,142,43,3,8,8>Just had their introductory lunch rodizio- one word: WOW! I walked by this place which just opened in downtown/brickell area and was excited to try it out. They are only open for lunch now so I went with a friend of mine.Firstly, the decor, staff and atmosphere of the resturant are astounding. VeryChique, classy, and elegant. We were seated quickly: and within minutes the meat started to come. It was appropriately timed- not too fast, although a little more time inbetween would be nice for u to savor every bite a bit more. Their salad bar is oneOf the best I have ever seen and tasted and included in the price!We had the chicken legs, skirt steak, sirloin, roast beef, and flank steak. Omg the taste was amazing and so well cured and prepared! Every bite was better than the one before. For the price this place is amazing! Prob better than someOther churrascarias in the area which are 3x more expensive.Cannot wait to come here again! This is my new go to place in downtown and I highly recommend anyone around the area to go and try it as Well!
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,3/13/2014,164,326,12,10,8>Alas poor Tom Clancy has recently passed away; how he would have adored to script the denizens of Happy's Stork Lounge and Liquor and put this perfect dive bar as a setting into one of his novels where spys commiserate in smoke clouded corners while their mysterious compatriots play pool with bored laissez faire aspertions of self-importance.  Of course the Happy Stork is all that and more; like many late night (early morning?) dive bars that populate South Florida you shouldn't be surprised to see bikers rubbing shoulders with trannies while tatted bartenders whip up powerful drinks to keep the crowd passive yet alert; 'sides, the ever present and ticket-happy gun toting North Bay Village po po are just around the corner so  you're not likely to see fisticuffs break out here - although you might see many an animated discussion.  Happy Stork, in addition to quite late hours is also blessed to have a liquor store next door (you have to enter the bar to enter the liquor store) where prices may be, well, pricey (well you are, after all, purchasing that bottle of vodka at 2:00 am - notice the Russian prostitutes?!), there is at least availability.  A few snackies for those with munchies (although you'd be better served by Pizza D'Lite next door), ciggies and I think a cheap porn DVD or two are also for sale - now can you beat that?!  It's a bar, it's a dive, it's a perfect dive bar - what more can I say?!
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,3/12/2014,128,81,4,9,7>Finally made it to this restaurant after hearing about it for almost a year. What a great dining experience! We sat outside on a beautiful Miami winter night (aka. low 80s) with our dog Pete happily gnawing on his new bone from Dogbar. We ordered the tasting menu because you cannot go wrong here and the menu does change. Here is what we still talk about... 1. Brussels Sprouts- Just heaven... and if you have a sweet palate you could die happy with one in your mouth. 2. Green Beans - If you love green beans and have a more savory palate... you could die happy with one in your mouth. 3. Duck & Pumpkin Dumplings- Amazing taste combination. The mark of a great restaurant for me is if the menu shows me something new that I have not thought to cook or inspires me to cook something. This dish was it. 4. Black Truffle Toast - Literally butter with truffle and salt. If you do not like truffle... do not order it. If you do... it will be a religious experience. 5. Pork belly- Just awesome. 6. Bone Marrow- Bacon jam with perfectly cooked bone marrow. Everything we ate that night was fantastic. It was a big meal and we loved every bit of it. Even the bachelorette disaster next to us could not ruin the experience. Amazing local Miami experience and a fundamental part of the Miami culinary scene.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,11/17/2014,216,110,16,15,16>Okay, it's time...past time really for a review of the sushi restaurant that has hands down become my favorite in Miami.  Had a dontrememberwhichvoucher, one of 'em for $10 off 20. Went there, pulled up and saw a sign on the door indicating that they had some beef with the city of Coral Gables and had to close to repair a water leak in a wall or some such, Bottom line, CLOSED!  :-(      Called the number on the sign and received a call back shortly, explained the situation and how my voucher was about to expire and Owner, (mgr.?) told me "no worry, call the voucher company and they would extend it. Okay, done. Went back 2ish months later 1 week before new voucher date expires again and they were STILL closed...Sorta forget about it, figuring voucher would always be good for what I paid, just not the bonus amount. Oh well...     Just happened to spot  The restaurant while driving through the Gables a month later,parked, went in and mentioned my expired voucher which they said they certainly WOULD honor and not only did they,but they gave me a coupon for a free appetizer next trip there, as well as a  Kanikama Crunch gratis,  which is insanely delicious.  ..What we  ordered was outstanding.. Honey Shrimp, Gyosas w/  sweet Shiro sauce, and they brought a sample of Maguro Tayaki which is the  first dish I will order next trip. Suggestive selling works!.      A small place, comfortable in a classy yet minimalistic almost intimate fashion. Something very nice about gazing out their bay window at rain in the gables...     Their happy hour extends  till 8 and all drinks, beer, wine and sake are half price. There is also a selection of appetizers, small plates, Zesai plates that are $5.00.  Smaller than normal sized but a great way to taste many selections  They do deliver free of charge through Grub Hub Min. $12.50      I think what most stands out in my mind is the wonderfully gracious  and welcoming personnel from the manager to the servers to Chef Chris who I understand has  since  moved on. Considered by quite a few to  many to be the best sushi chef in the 305, wherever he's gone to will be a winner, no doubt..      I look forward to  helping set up a  dinner visit there for my sushi group in the near future as I am promised "something special"...Can't wait! Visit their beautiful and musical web page for hours and the menu.ikurasushilounge.com/#!m…      Ikura, Sushi lounge you are a gem and I thank you for your exemplary customer service, delightfully friendly staff and innovative and delicious fare.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2014,11/16/2014,103,64,7,7,7>Brunch, perhaps the greatest of meals, even including Hobbit favorites such as first breakfast, second breakfast and elevensies. I have been to Town maybe 6-10 times over the course of a few years and I have never been disappointed. From evening drinks and tapas to brunch, Town consistently delivers a great experience. That being said, brunch is truly their high point. The wait at Town is typically much shorter than other nearby brunch restaurants, and their outdoor seating is very pleasant. Today was one of those rare, 75 with a breeze Miami days, so the outdoor ambiance could not have been any better! A+ Everyone in my group enjoyed their meals very much, with dishes such as Biscuits and Gravy, Various Omelettes and my choice: The Waffle Sandwich. It was a difficult decision since their French toast is so good, but I wanted eggs AND something sweet, delicious and unhealthy; Enter the Waffle Sandwich. It had wonderful, crispy bacon, a huge layer of Cheddar Cheese (medium sharp I believe), and fluffy eggs sandwiched between two huge, perfectly cooked waffles, served with powdered sugar and syrup! A++Town always hits the spot. The indoor seating is nice, but I always opt for outdoors, especially when it isn't 95 outside. If you head to Town for brunch, you'll have a good time, almost guaranteed! P. S.: Unlimited Mimosas for $25 per person, or split a carafe for less!
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,11/15/2014,223,96,5,13,11>Proof Pizza & Pasta is Midtown's latest gem. This fun, relaxed, industrial style location offers high-end Italian with a twist at prices that make it the perfect option for daily craving-satisfaction. I've been eyeing this place since I first saw the sign go up a few weeks ago. Could it really be true that we're finally going to be able to grab a decent pie in Midtown? Could it be? I saw the menu they put up outside a week ago and nearly lost myself in the anticipation. If the food was even half as good as the menu, I was going to have a new favorite spot! Now that the doors have finally opened, all the tentative hopes and prayers I had for a local hot spot with some interesting, well-made food have not only been answered, but sent home with desert to boot!The relaxed industrial feel of the decor is a refreshing change from the over-the-top pretentiousness so often thrown at you in Miami. Comfortable, casual, with wood and metal accents, interesting lighting and a couple of really cool pieces from a featured local artist make it instantly welcoming. I love the selection of wines, none of which are the typical ho-hum blah blah you see on every menu in the city. Affordable and interesting. The wino in me was instantly at home as I settled into the cute little patio out back to peruse the menu.... .......Which brings me to the part where I start drooling all over my keyboard in blissfull remembrance. I'm incredibly happy I was with a group, because every description caught my eye. Our waiter, who was very knowledgeable and friendly, told us that everything was designed as share-able plates, so we decided to go with a little bit of everything. The celery root soup was delish, with tart pickled apples to add a fantastic crunch and texture. Definitely a must try! We got a focaccia bread app to share, which apparently is baked in house daily. You can tell just by looking at it! Three dipping sauces made it a fun app to pass around because we could all build the perfect bite. The arancini's were my personal favorite... perfect little bite sized bits of risotto that have been breaded and fried with squid ink aioli to top it off....YUM!Of course we had to try a few of the pizzas! We went with the white fontina (even the mozarella is made fresh in house!) and the oxtail with black garlic. Even just listing the ingredients is enough to make my mouth water. No boring-processed-crap-from-a-box-stuff here! Our waiter explained that all the pizza and pasta dough is made in house, from scratch, by hand, every day. Again, you can tell these guys know their way around a pie. The pizza is all made in a real wood burning oven (beyond cool) which you can actually see through a glass window. We watched our dough rolled out, flying high, toppings placed,  and pow! Two minutes later we had literally the best pizzas of our admittedly pizza-adoring lives. The. Best. Pizza. I've. Ever. Had. Have I made my point?The gastronomic indulgence continued with the pasta course, which we also decided to share so we could try more than one (we couldn't decide on one, they all looked so good!) I voted for the angel hair with crab (a touch of calabrian chili and finished with lemon breadcrums made it a delectable balance of textures and flavors that almost made me cry) and the butternut squash agnolotti ( a little brown butter, sage, and crumbled amaretti cookie made it a little sweet, a little savory, with just the perfect flavors for fall) I again cannot overstate this point; the pasta is all made by hand. The texture is perfect, the sauces created to enhance the flavor and texture of the pasta, not cover it up. I can't wait to come back so we can try the mushroom garganelli! The. Best. Pasta. I've Ever. Had. This chef certainly knows how to please the ladies ;-) Just when we thought we couldn't fit another single bite into our happily distended bellies, out came the olive oil cake. Moist, rich, but not too sweet, I couldn't believe it didn't have a speck of butter in it! Only olive oil, hence the name, of course. We ate the whole thing in about 30 seconds. I also came away with a card for the pastry chef, who makes custom macarons to order! I was incredibly impressed with the attention to detail, the balance of flavors, the execution of the food, the insistence on making everything from scratch in house, the quality of the ingredients, the attentiveness of the staff, the wine selection......Midtown has needed a new option for casual yet refined dining, and Proof has answered the call with gusto! This is truly food inspired by high quality ingredients and executed with passion and skill. I think I speak for all of us when I say.....Proof, welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,11/14/2014,176,77,5,7,6>So I came in with my sis Chantelle and bf Livio for lunch today. The decor inside is absolutely beautiful and grand! Red and gold was the color scheme, you'll never get tired of just admiring the interior design. They even have pasta names on the tables written in gold, how cute! Their bar is my favorite, which Also has quite lovely wine cellar. So I started off with a glass of st. Michelle Riesling and ordered three meatballs as an appetizer. Our server brought toasted bread to munch on, which also came with a delicious light red tomatoe sauce! I wish the bread wasn't cold though, it just tasted like crunchy bread, wasn't exactly fresh but the sauce made it worth munching on because it was that yummy to me. OH, quick tip: ALWAYS ASK FOR THE SERVER GREG! He's from Minnesota and is the absolute greatest. His voice is so memorable and cheerful, he sounds like he honestly enjoys his job and knows a lot about wine. I would trust him to surprise me with a nice glass, which he did with Livio. His personality just made all three of us smile every time he spoke to us! Ok so back to the food.... Haha. The manager, Luca (super Italian and friendly), gave us great recommendations and explained how the dishes were made thoroughly. If you can speak Italian then you'll surely enjoy speaking with him as much as Livio did! He loves Luca haha. We started with their meatballs, which came out fast; I love when appetizers arrive soon after ordering so I don't starve lol. They were HUGE, as big as a tennis ball! one meatball as an appetizer was enough for me, very scrumptious. We also had the rainbow carpaccio, which is super fresh buffalo mozzarella + sliced yellow sweet tomatoes + red tomatoes +  basil; no complaints here! I always love a good slice of fresh cheese :D As entrees, we ordered the seafood risotto, lobster ravioli, and veal scallopine Seafood risotto: creamy rice mixed with shrimp, mussels, and claim; packed with a strong explosion of seafood flavor. The claim was extremely fresh, I was impressed.  Lobster ravioli: I've never had lobster ravioli but Lhardy's made it worth trying! The raviolis itself are HUGE, like the size of a child's palm! Stuffed with delicious lobster, tossed in a pink sauce and big pieces of shrimp as well! My favorite part was the shrimp, it was fire. The freshest shrimp I've ever had in a restaurant and it paired so well with their pink sauce. It's extremely filling though...  One ravioli was enough for me. So if you order it, expect to have leftovers because they serve them in six pieces for the lunch portion. Veal scallopine: MMMM! Stupendous!! It's two pieces of veal with prosciutto and cheese in the middle! Very tender.  It's served with a large side of pasta tossed in a light buttery creamy sauce. It's the perfect dinner portion for someone who hasn't eaten all day. Greg also offered to cut the veal for us :) For dessert, we finished off with a tiramisu and lemon berry cheesecake to all share. Some tiramisu's have just a hint of coffee but their tiramisu has a kick of it! Loved that. The thick crusted cheesecake is topped with a chunky natural berry jam, it might've been blackberry or raspberries based on the seeds. I thoroughly enjoyed it because the berry jam gave a tangy kick to the light lemon flavored cheesecake. The two flavors paired terrifically! As full as I was, I finished the cheesecake :PIf you enjoy awesome authentic Italian food (my bf is Italian and he approves) or enjoy drinking at a beautiful bar, come to Lhardy's and DONT FORGET TO REQUEST GREG!
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,11/13/2014,518,294,10,10,12>I recently tried spray tanning for the first time ever at Spray Nation Tanning Salon and for it being my first time, I am totally buying it!  I had a great experience, the staff was very friendly and professional.  I had my doubts as to whether I should do the "full Monty" or settle for tan lines but Mariana, the technician and I believe owner of the place, made me feel so comfortable that I decided to go the Full Monty!  The tan spray Spray Nation uses is Organic which I love.  The process is pretty quick so if you're pressed for time, you can get it done in less than half hour!  And like I mentioned before, as naked as I was standing in front of the technician, I felt very, very comfortable!If you want to have that Sun-Kissed look and not damage your skin with the UV Rays and excessive exposure to the sun, you need to try this!! The tan usually lasts about a week or so, of course if you take care of it by not exfoliating, scrubbing or putting oils after the tan, then it should last a week or more.I really liked the process, the place and the staff was very professional and courteous.  I definitely want to go back for more!  My tan came out great and even and I feel like a  golden goddess!Just a heads up, the building is at the West side corner of 14 & Washington and there is street parking all around.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,11/12/2014,202,134,5,9,8>Many places in they keys have the greatest views but mediocre food. Not so with Lazy Days! The views are phenomenal and the food is at par! This is my second time dining here and I'm anticipating my next visit back!Both times we have gone for dinner and both times we have been utterly amazed at the sheer amount of food for the price. Their portions are more than generous, they can feed a family on one plate- no exaggeration! The crab cake is a must. It is unlike any other you will ever have, both on taste and on size. It is the size of a hamburger patty and is the best crab cake I've ever had! It has a very generous amount of crab perfectly cooked in to a patty that has a slight sear on the outside, with a buttery, lemon sauce poured over it. It literally melts in your mouth! This time around my husband ordered one of the items on special which was the grouper filets served over a white wine and portobello risotto. When the plate arrived we both couldn't believe the portion size!!! The plate had two large grouper filets and enough risotto to feed a small family. The risotto was cooked to perfection, and each bite revealed the crisp wine with the earthy portobello flavor. The grouper was some of the freshest around and it was perfectly seared. He managed to eat half of it and we took the other half home. His plate was a very reasonable $26. As to my entree, I went with the jumbo shrimp stuffed with crab. Stuffed is probably an understatement. There was so much crab, you couldn't see the shrimp! But they were there! The same delicious crab used for the crab cake is stuffed in the shrimp, and served with béarnaise sauce. It comes with your choice of side and I opted for the garlic mash potatoes. Service was wonderful and our server was very attentive and helpful in guiding us to choose since they had so many tantalizing options. You have unobstructed views of the water, with the sea breeze rustling through your hair. The moon perfectly lit up the night sky and cast the perfect glow on the ocean below. It truly was the perfect way to end our night!
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2014,11/11/2014,158,324,6,10,14>I can't say how authentic this place is, but I can tell you this place has some delicious food served by some of the nicest people.  First, the food.  We are never disappointed with any thing we ordered.  The goat is tender, the jerk a nice blend of spice.  They even have wrap and spaghetti too (though not me, I stick with the more traditional stuff).  The lady who took our order is really nice.  The place is small, with only 3 or 4 tables inside.  So we went to sit outside, and she brought the food out to us.  Then about 5 minutes later, she came out to tell us that there's an empty table inside and we can move if we like.  As the restaurant was relocated from a different side of the mall a year or two ago, the place is very new and clean compared to other Jamaican places in the neighborhood.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,11/10/2014,136,69,4,6,7>My oh my! What a swanky little spot! This location is inside the Gale hotel in South beach. The decoration makes you feel like you just stepped out of a time-travelling machine and back into the 30's. The lighting is dim, the music is jazzy and the mixologists (because these dudes take their jobs way to seriously to be called 'bartenders') were dressed in tux's, button-ups, bow-ties... they were the real deal! There is both outside and indoor seating but when we entered there were two chairs available at the bar so we were quick to sit down. The place was pretty full but not "can't-barely-walk-to-the-bar" or "have-to-rub-on-people-to-get-by" full. We sat at the bar and asked the mixologist for a glass of water as we looked at their menus, which get changed weekly. There were between 5-10 drink options to choose from and we chose a drink that had egg whites, sugar, lime and some rum in it. I hate that I can't remember the name, but it was great. Not too strong, but strong enough to have its nice little kick. Each drink is $14 and they do include a 20% service charge (tip). This place was very nice and I can't wait to come back and try more drinks from the Regent Cocktail Club so that I can give a more detailed review about different drinks. I can't wait to come back here!
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,11/9/2014,619,794,15,21,16>5 of us came here for lunch on a recent Friday at around 1:15.  We weren't visiting the museum or attending an event at the PAMM; On the contrary, we'd just heard great things about this restaurant and wanted to give it a try.We arrived with no reservation and were seated within about 3 or 4 minutes.  Our server was there right away to offer waters and to answer any questions we might have about the menu.  I ordered the chicken under a brick with Yukon potatoes and chimichurri sauce.  Others at our table ordered the squash blossom pizza, roast chicken club and the prosciutto pizza. Everyone seemed happy with their meals.  The two of us that ordered the chicken under a brick both seemed to have the same opinion: The chicken was very salty, the chimichurri sauce wasn't the best either of us had tried, but we'd both be willing to order this dish again.For dessert, we requested 2 orders of their sugarcane donuts with dulce de leche and coffee dipping sauces for the table to share.  The donuts were quite good but not outstanding (and probably not worth the calories).  After trying both the dipping causes, the dulce de leche was the clear winner IMO.4 of us ordered cappuccino or espresso to finish off the meal.  Total bill for the 5 of us was $113.44 before gratuity, or $22.68 each once split 5 ways, which the staff was happy to do.Regarding décor and ambiance, Verde is located inside a concrete structure with full height glass walls on 2 sides which give outstanding views of Government Cut where the cruise ships dock, and the area where the former Miami Herald building was located.  The concrete ceiling is lined with hanging reams of tan fabric, which along with the wooden tables and chairs make this place feel warm and give it the feeling and appearance of a European style bistro. Outdoor seating is pretty spectacular as well, and one can walk down to the waters' edge from outside the Verde restaurant.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,11/8/2014,279,273,2,7,9>I went into SoleRUNNERS on Friday afternoon to purchase a desperately needed pair of running shoes. I live in Brickell and have been going to Run Club weekly so I thought the right thing to do was to buy my shoes from SoleRUNNERS since they organize Run Club. I have to say, it was definitely worth the drive. Not only is the customer service exceptional, but also the variety of shoes and accessories is impressive. I arrived to the store around 1 PM and was helped by a young girl (I can't remember her name). Immediately, she measured my feet and asked me some questions about my running frequency, duration, etc. She then brought out some options and put me on a treadmill to assess my running. I left the store with a great pair of running shoes, cute accessories and a big smile on my face. If you want to get a great pair of shoes at a good price, look no further. These folks know what they're doing and even if you don't live down the street, make the drive, it's worth it. I'll definitely be back and am in love with my new shoes!
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,6/3/2012,61,18,6,19,16>This is going to be one of the most sincere and helpful reviews of the Clevelander you will yet to find on yelp, TRUST ME! For those of you who don't know about the infamous Clevelander, it's actually a hotel (you heard right) located on the corner of 10th Street and Ocean Drive. Aside from being a hotel, it's an outdoor restaurant and venue with most of it's seating outdoors. From pool-side seating to seating out on the sidewalk cafe (great for people watching) up to seating right next to the stage (great during shows) you have a lot of tables to choose from. They're three bars located out on the patio, and one indoor hidden bar which is the Sports Bar with AC (for those hot days) and tons of tv viewing (great during games). Operating from 8am (for you early breakfast eaters) pumping music up until 5am on the weekends or busy nights.They recently updated the breakfast, I would try one of the Benedicts or the Pancakes (order the short stack, people never finish the full stack!)The food is traditional american-style food. From personal experience I would definitely recommend the Coconut Shrimp (comes with a great sauce on the side), Sweet & Spicy Shrimp and the  Calamari (bring a lemon caper aioli and a spicy marina side sauce) for appetizers! I wouldn't recommend the shrimp cocktail. Pork & Beef sliders and definitely the Sweet Potatoe Fries and Onions rings (love the spicy chipotle aioli) Mahi sandwich is one of my favorites, and the pizza's never fail! Not a big fan of the Salmon. The burgers are delicious (med well is recommended) and not to mention HUGE! I also love the pressed Italian sandwich. Love the desserts and the fact that they are like you're own personal mini-cake.If you're there for a drink you must try the Special frozen drinks. One thing about these drinks is most of the time the will taste exactly the same as every other time (very consistent) and you don't taste the liquor (definitely NOT wet willies) and trust me it's there! Try the Piña Colada or a Miami Vice (half Piña Colada and Rum Runner) with an extra shot of rum for just $2. If you're into vodka redbulls, the Raging Bull is the drink for you, refreshing and frozen try it with a flavored vodka shot for again just $2 (I recommened cherry or grape). If you're ordering anything on the rocks I would highly recommened adding the "Rockstar" pour for an extra $2 as well, trust me it's worth it!Aside from the location and just the overall appearance of the venue, I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a chilled laid back environment (not a fancy indoor club). If you have the right person taking care of you...You will have beyond great service, whether it's a bartender, server, busser etc. You're experience at the Clevelander is meant to be memorable, and customer service is their pet peeve. You will never wait (or atleast not intended to) more than 3 mins for your first round of drinks, and there should never be a empty cup or plate sitting on your table. They take pride in what they do!I personally reccomend happy hour (Mon-Fri 4-7pm) and Friday nights during Carnival begining at 8pm. Every night there is some sort of entertainment, whether it's live music, a DJ or a show. For all my day-time party people Splash Saturdays and Temptress Sundays on the weekends during the day are a must! If you're planning on staying in the hotel you're in for a ride! This is a party hotel, if you're on vacation to RELAX & SLEEP, this hotel is not for you! If you're in Miami looking to have an unforgetable time- STAY AT THE CLEVELANDER! The rockstar host will show you around and guide you during your stay if you're not familiar with the area.The C-Level Rooftop is a must see. Great for lounging and tanning during the day with an amazing view of South Beach, overlooking the water and Ocean Drive. At night, it's an outdoor lounge, filled with music and people dancing everywhere, it's lit very nicely and the view is still great!Great place to watch games, but I will say this place gets hectic when it's extremely packed!Enjoy!
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,6/2/2012,60,39,9,29,13>Alright, I'm updating my review, because in the first one I was sort of bitter towards the club because something awful happened to me there, and I could have prevented it. So I'm going to rewrite it. I have been coming to the club since December, and I am a weekly regular.The Line: Come early, I cannot stress this enough. I personally like to get there 10:30-10:45pm, and they usually start letting people in around 10:45-11:00pm. After 11:30ish, the line gets really long normally, and you could be standing in it for an hour. They have an express lane sometimes, where you can pay 10-20 bucks to skip the line though. Don't be an ass to the door staff, they don't give a fuck unless your paying them.Dress Code: The dress code here is fairly casual/relaxed compared to south beach. Just don't look like you rolled out of bed, and you should have no problem getting in. Don't wear anything too crazy, and no hats for guys. NO FLIP FLOPS OR SANDALS! Age/Hours: It's 21+ for guys, and 18+ for girls. It opens at 11pm, and stays open til 3pm the next day. It's always a little slower until 2am, and when after hours starts around 4am, it gets packed, esp. the terrance. Club space is only open on Saturdays, they open other nights sometimes if there is a special event going on.Floors: The first floor is the hip-hop floor it stays open til 11pm-7amish I believe. The second floor first room is the techno loft, it stays open til 12am-11am. and the second room on the second floor is the terrance where they play the trance and it stays open til 1am-3pm. It's massive inside, also.Drinks/Cover Prices: Yes, drinks here are expensive, a bottle of water is 7 dollars, but that's how EVERY club in Miami is. Just be nice and patient to the bartenders and they will take care of you if you tip well. The cover is about average, if you get here before 12:30am and you know a promoter you usually can get in for free. But I believe before 12am, it's usually 20 bucks, and before 2am it's 30. Prices change depending on the event, but it's pretty cheap cover compared to a lot of clubs on the beach. They also serve liquor all night/morning/afternoon. It's always better to bring cash than to pay with a card because it takes a long time, but there has never been a problem with credit card scams here unlike some places we know *cough* mansion *cough* I don't care for the hip-hop floor because I feel like the Dj plays a lot of the same songs every week, and kind of bores me. But if you love house, techno, trance, this is the best club hands down. I prefer to go to space rather than the beach because it's close to my home, the people aren't as fake compared to South Beach. I guess it's more of a local vibe to me. Space is kind of a cock fest though, the guys here out number the girls by many, so ladies bring a couple friends. Not going to lie a lot of bad stuff goes on in the club, but you will be fine as long as you are smart and use common sense. ALWAYS have a napkin over your drink and don't trust anyone. Girls have gotten raped in here, and people have OD'd in here. So as long as you stick with your friends and try not to get separated you will be fine. Oh and there are lots of undercover cops in here to, so keep in mind. Space likes to copy Space Ibizia with the name and the closing schemes, but it's alright, I still love this club.So, that's why I decided to give space 5 stars, there is no other place like it. Best club in South Florida hands down.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,6/1/2012,108,179,10,13,10>15 words or less:  Southern comfort never felt or tasted so gosh darn good.15 words or more:  Jeff McInnis strikes gold again with his new resto near Lincoln Road.  The food is stick-to-your-bones comfort food, but with a contemporary spin, which really elevates this food to new heights.  This food is good.  Really good.  But you need to come here with an open mind.  Expand your taste buds, and you will be rewarded.  But for those of you just looking for more classic Southern fare, you will not be disappointed either.  But you will be when you watch your dining partners enjoy the other bounty offered here.Decor.  The design is fantastic.  The place has a rustic homey barn like feel but at the same time seems just so contemporary and sleek enough that it fits in with South Beach.  The best seats may very well be the high top tables that look right into the kitchen windows.  This gives you a great view of the true artists at work.  There also is a good deal of outdoor seating.  I look forward to being outdoors shortly and getting to enjoy the down home food.The drinks.  The hook is this place as fifty or more bourbons.  Some apparently are not available anywhere in South Florida.  To show off the bourbon, there is a nicely rounded cocktail menu that demonstrates the versatility of bourbon.  I tried the signature blackberry lemonade.  It was a lovely combo of sweet and tart.  Any yet, the juices did not bury or hide the bourbon.  I also had my go to drink, a Hendrink's martini, stirred not shaken, with a lemon twist.  I was very pleased with the pour (a nice family style welcome home pour).Small shares.  Given the bounty of choices on the menu, I would recommend going with a larger party so you can share dishes.  This may be the best way to taste everything.  On this visit, we sampled nearly all of the small shares on the menu.* Mama's Chicken Biscuits--Boneless fried chicken on a biscuit with a dollop of jelly.  A great play on fried, salty, sweet, and surprisingly spicy.  The spicy is not overly hot, but just rounds off the play on tastes.  The biscuit was flaky and devilishly good.* Fried Green Tomato BLT--A truly wonderful spin on what you would think would be just a ho-hum dish.  Not so fast my friend.  The tomato is tart and crunchy and balances wonderfully with the pork belly, which is filling in for bacon on this take.  Again, it is the mix of flavors that could stand on their own but harmonize wonderfully.* Deviled Eggs--Wow.  I like a deviled egg like the next person, but man are these good.  The egg is just perfectly cooked (firm but yet soft enough) and its filling is crazy amazing.* Foie Gras Torchon--Get over yourself about foie gras and just try this stuff.  The foie was pleasingly warm (I am not a fan of cold foie), and it was complemented by the fruity topping that just rounded out everything nicely.* Melons & Cheese--This was a sleeper, but man-o-man was this good.  The farm cheese came as a perfect triangle on a rectangle of watermelon.  The cheese was wonderfully warm with a little bit of grilled char on the top.  The cheese, especially being warm, was just amazing when combined with the cool melon.  You may say why this dish.  It seems a little odd.But your chef is a cleaver, perhaps evil genius.  He knows what he is doing.  Try this dish and the others on the menu, and you will not question him again.  Try this restaurant, and you will be coming back.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,5/31/2012,202,134,7,10,7>Yet another hidden gem in Midtown has surfaced, adding to the ever-increasing popularity factor of the neighborhood. The Stage is tucked away under an overpass, in a dark & shady street, next to a parking lot- perfect to keep away all tourists & all other pretentious trash!I actually came across this place because a local band, Tristan Clopet &The Juice, were having an album release party at this venue. I had never heard of The Stage before so I was a bit weary as to what we were walking into. The place is very  unassuming from the outside. It is, as mentioned before, under the overpass, tucked away in a dark corner of town. There is no huge sign and you actually enter from a small side door- blink any you'll probably miss it! It felt kind of shady and it made my anticipation for the place just grow!!! Once inside, the place was pretty spacious. It is an indoor/outdoor space with several couches throughout and 3 different bars, 1 outside & 2 inside. The stage was a nice size and there was plenty of room to stand and watch the band rock on. The crowd was perfect- young, trendy, & laid back.My friends and I only had beer so I can only comment on those prices. They had a few craft beers which I totally loved- Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stout please!!!! And the beers were about $6-8 which I thought was pretty reasonable. There was no cover since we got there before 11:00- so if you don't want to pay, show up early. We had an amazing time and will definitely be coming back to check out other bands play. I truly hope this place stays off the tourist radar because it's what makes it so attractive- it's Miami locals at it's best!!!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,5/30/2012,211,141,7,13,9>I stopped by for lunch at the newly opened Blue Collar today, and was overall very pleased with the experience.  The new restaurant, headed by chef Danny Serfer, is in the space formerly occupied by American Noodle Bar in the motel at NE 68th Street and Biscayne Boulevard across from Balan's.  It's a clean and intimate space, with an industrial look.  Seating is limited to three at the counter, four two-seat tables and three four-seat tables.  There is dedicated parking on the north side of the motel.I was immediately greeted, and got my choice of table next to the window.  I made my order right away, and waited... after a while, the waitress came back and asked if I were ready to order!  Once she realized the problem, she apologized, and shortly after a dish of mushroom and goat cheese croquettes with fig-pomegranate jam was presented on the house.  The croquettes were great.  Creamy, rich mushroomy goodness on the inside, and crisp on the outside.  I highly recommend them.My entree was "The Big Ragout Sandwich" which was hollowed-out crusty bread filled with a braised ragout of brisket, veal and pork shoulder, with little balls of fresh mozzarella melting on top.  I was a bit worried about how to eat it without ending up wearing ragout on my clothing, so I picked at it at first with a fork, but once it cooled down a bit I found that the bread was sturdy enough to hold it all together.  The ragout tasted of white wine that it was braised in, and was deliciously rich.  It was more than I usually eat for lunch, but I couldn't put it down!  The accompanying fresh-cut fries sprinkled with sea salt were fine.The lunch menu included over twenty vegetables (!), salads, sandwiches and burgers, so most will have little trouble finding something to please.  I have my eye on the "Grouper Po Boy" for my next visit.Aside from my lost order, the staff was very attentive, from start to finish.  Even Chef Danny came by to ask how my meal was.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,5/29/2012,944,946,12,15,14>If there's one thing South Beach needs, it's good Mexican food. Luckily, Lolita has opened up its doors in the former Nemo space at 1st & Collins. I am by no means a Mexican food connoisseur, but in my opinion Lolita is dishing out some good Mexican eats.We popped in for dinner relatively early on Saturday night, and were surprised at how absolutely packed the place was. But the restaurant is deceptively large, and we were seated right away. Upon being seated, we were greeted by our server who brought us some grapefruit granita topped off with tequila. It was a little hard to eat being that it was essentially a lump of ice, but it was tasty nonetheless.  We ordered some Lolita margaritas, which also featured a hint of grapefruit, which was a nice surprise.  The chips and 3 "salsas" (I use quotes cause they were more like sauces, but I digress...) were quite tasty, and definitely a great way to start the meal.Everything on the menu looked and sounded delicious, so we opted to order a bunch of options for the table. We got the regular guacamole, which while not prepared tableside (which I always find entertaining), was delicious. Chicken flautas, ribeye tacos, crab nachos, and chicken enchiladas soon followed. Everything was delicious, with the stand-outs for our table being the tacos and the crab nachos - definitely must-orders for future visits!We were stuffed but couldn't resist peeking at the dessert menu, and of course, soon after placed our order for the churros. They were yummy, served piping hot with both berry and vanilla cream dipping sauces. But at $10 for 3 churros, I couldn't help but be disappointed. Lolita's M.O. is to serve cotton candy topped with pop rocks with the check. Our check came out without the bells and whistles, and my cotton candy-obsessed friend got a look of utter despair on her face. Our waiter advised that the machine had just gotten out of whack, but within 5 minutes he was back with a big ole spool of delicious cotton candy! The one critique I have of Lolita is the service. Yes, it's a brand-new restaurant, and they're working to get the kinks out, without a doubt. But that doesn't excuse the fact that we literally had to flag down a server to request water after having been seated for over 15 minutes, had to beg and plead and wave our arms in the air for refills of that water. There were a few bright spots though: the cotton candy miracle I mentioned above, and when my second margarita came out tasting like grapefruit and only grapefruit, our waiter was very apologetic and gladly took it back to the bartender for remaking.Prices are on par for South of Fifth and South Beach in general. If you're drinking margaritas with your meal, the bill will balloon before you realize it's happening. Parking is scarce and expensive, but valet is offered.For quality of food alone, Lolita gets 3.5 stars, with an extra half-star thrown in for the granita and cotton candy freebies. I'm hopeful that the service will improve as the staff becomes more seasoned, and maybe then a bump in stars may be warranted. Welcome to South Beach, Lolita!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,5/28/2012,56,72,8,9,6>I went in on a Saturday early afternoon for a mani and eye brow waxing.  For starters the location is great; right across the street from Sunset Place. There is parking either by garage or by the street.  For a Saturday early afternoon the place was somewhat busy and got busier throughout my time there.I had my eye brows waxed first and was taken into a closet for this service. Inside the closet was a masseuse bed where the waxing was done. The masseuse bed had a bed sheet, which appeared to not have been changed. To me it was a bit disturbing as I wasn't sure how many people laid on the same sheet. Nonetheless, I was pressed for time and traveling the next day and subjected myself to the sheet.  I was impressed however with how nice my eye brows came out. The nail tech did a great job shaping my eye brows and removing any little and fine unwanted hair.The next service was the shellac mani. The same nail tech that did my waxing worked on my nails. She was quick, proficient and did a decent job; she did leave some cuticles behind.The price for the services was appropriate. The shellac mani was great and withheld two weeks.  The location is also open on Sunday. Overall, I would recommend this place just beware of the bed sheet.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,5/27/2012,158,218,5,10,9>Living in South Florida, you usually get two types of places to eat at when going out, either a cookie cutter chain Restaurant, or an under-appreciated family establishment (and more recently a third category, food trucks, but that may just be a fad for all we know). This is neither. This is far from that norm. In fact, this is so far off the beaten path, I was rather surprised at my whole experience. Recently, I got to try out some of the "best" places to eat through Miami Spice, and I only wonder, why on earth Adrianne's isn't involved! Adrianne's trumps them and beats them with a silly stick! I'm not one to easily give 5 stars, but I really can't find anything to even dock a star off. Trust me, I tried! My first impression from the outside wasn't much. The location, for me, is quite a drive, but I was recommended to visit so I decided to give it a whirl. When you step inside, it is as if stepping through the looking glass, you'd never expect what you see on the inside from the bland exterior. That makes for a great first impression. I was greeted and sat very quickly for a Friday night. My server, Nicole, impressed me with her knowledge of the intricate details of the menu. She was able to predict questions and clearly guide me to my ideal selection of food (Salmon that will be mentioned later). The table was served simple bread rolls and pesto! At first, I was "Hunh. Interesting." By the time I was done, there was no bread left and my brain was dying for more! The idea of using pesto instead of butter was genius. I vaguely remember some other Restaurant somewhere possibly doing this, but it probably was YEARS ago and not very good. As from my other reviews, I'm not a fan of hard breads, but this pesto did just the right thing to appease my desire for the wonderful carb craving. While waiting for my appetizer, I had ordered a glass of wine. I was pleasantly surprised to see it was served in a wine decanter; just as it should be from a wine bar! Two thumbs up, no complains here. My appetizer was the Cesar salad. I am NOT a salad fan. I hate salads. I loathe salads. This wasn't salad. This was Romaine lettuce covered in ambrosia with some croutons served with Parmesan cheese slices. I really don't know what she did, but somehow, the dressing blew my mind away. This is probably the best Cesar salad dressing I've ever had. My first inclination is to say she should bottle it and sell it at Publix, but frankly, that would not do it justice. Simple. Flavorful. Amazing. While waiting for my entree, over the bar and throughout the speakers of the Restaurant, a music video (of a live performance) of Michael Bolton was on loop. Classy choice. Not many places I know would select this for background music. My entree was a Wild Alaskan Salmon with a black pepper honey and lemon beurre blanc. I felt guilty eating it. It was an artistic masterpiece. The salmon was a massive portion. I was expecting something rather small and mediocre. Shame on me for having the salad... oh wait, I liked the salad. This was art. The sauces were not just for decoration, they were amazing! They provided controlled flavor for the salmon. From personal experience, salmon can be very tricky to cook correctly. This was perfectly flaky and savory. There was a spicy note mixed in with the multitude of sauces. Some things in live you can't explain, this is one of those things. There was just an amazing balance. Two thumbs up! For dessert I ... oh, dang. I was "good" full. I just couldn't. Arrgg! I will have to come back because I really want to get to the dessert!! I guess I'll skip the bread next time to leave room. Bottom Line: This is a hidden jewel of Miami. You must visit it and give it it's due!!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,5/26/2012,68,72,11,7,9>Hhmmmmm...a middle of the night run to Royal Castle after the fat girl inside me finished dancing one night and refused to calm down and go to sleep. Instead she got hungry. :-( I hate her sometimes. There was some special and I wanted to try everything so I got it. For $6.99, you get one regular slider, one with cheese, one with bacon/cheese, fries, and a drink (grape POP?! Are you serious? Not since childhood!). It comes in a little cardboard box with wax paper. For some reason, my meal coming in this box made me happy. Maybe I should see someone about that. Anyway: FRIES: The fries were nice, thick, fried to a nice solid perfection, fresh, add ketchup (from the bottle not the packet thank you), and salt. Did they change the fries or something? Because I see quite a few fries haters in the reviews, but maybe mine just reminded me of the White Castle ones without the crinkle. LIL' BURGERS: Skip the rest as already mentioned here, go straight for the bacon/cheese, fully loaded. The bun was nice, fresh, fluffy, but a little thick for me so I ate mine with only one side (good thing too so I could save room for every last fry down to the little burnt crumb. Sad huh?). The patty doesn't have holes, and is not moist like White Castles but way better than Krystal's dry burgers.Police cars, lights blazing, flying past this joint? CHECK!Homeless man trying to get a burger with only $.79? CHECK!Everyone at the counter mouths full of gold teeth? CCHHEECCKKK!!!But oh so worth it all for my little Royal (almost White) Castle fix at 2AM on a weekday. Did I mention there's grape pop on tap? (It's just that serious folks). Everyone was nice (including the old guys at the counter), and the service was quick. I was in and out with my burgers in about 7 minutes even though there were 3 other people at the counter. Not too much more to say about this little greasy spoon than that which has already been said by others. Royal Castle, you will always be White Castle's little cousin in my heart, and the next time the fat girl inside me is hungry after a night of dropping it like it's hot, as Arnold Schwarzenegger said...I'll be back!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,5/25/2012,139,234,5,6,6>The Broken Shaker is not your typical Miami bar/lounge. On the other hand, it is what it lacked for so many years. Located in the patio of the Indian Creek Hotel, the outdoor setting has a nice cozy feel that appeals me greatly. There is also a game area where they have a ping-pong table and foosball! I love coming here week after week to hang out, relax with oh-so-many amazing cocktails, and play Cards Against Humanity (introduced by a friend - also Yelper - which has inspired us to get more involved in the scene).The drink menu changes weekly. The "Old Fashioned" seems to always a new twist to it. Cocoa Puff was strange to say the least, but the 5-spice variation was outstanding. When the menu does not spark my interest, then I go with the ever-fabulous "Bartender's Choice".My spirits of choice are Bourbon, Whiskey, and/or Gin. My flavor profile is citrus, not sweet and 'herbaly' - being rosemary and thyme my herb of choice. Vanessa's choices are usually my favorite. Gabe also mixes some really liberations, so when I get the chance try to get him to mix a drink or two. Seating in the bar area on off-peak days is the best time to hang out and have a conversation. Note: I love the ice cubes--I find them to chill the drink just right and never melting or watering down your cocktail. (They are rectangular-long if your drink is served on a highball glass, or squared-wide if served on an old fashioned glass).For Gin lovers, order an Aviation or a Vesper.  You will not be disappointed!Given all the info above, The Broken Shaker has become our favorite hangout place in South Florida. I highly recommend this place if you are into mixology and old-school classic cocktails (pre-prohibition/during/post).
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,9/29/2011,944,262,10,12,10>Watch out Pembroke Pines, the best Mexican to hit the area has just arrived.  This place is upscale and tastefully decorated. Just west of 75 where the new Whole Foods is going in you will find Salsa Fiesta tucked nicely in the plaza.  I had the Fiesta Fajitas with steak and the food was clean, fresh, abundant and delicious.  They only have one dessert but they don't need more.  The warm chocolate fried burrito sent me to sugar heaven and then the ice cream with dulce de leche on top was the perfect combination.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,9/28/2011,587,1627,8,11,9>I'm a bit surprised that I haven't written a review for this place. I've been here at least 3 or 4 times.I love the place more for the ambience (both inside and outside) than for its limited menu that's not so authentically Greek (it's Greek-slash-Turkish, and it's leans less Greek than one would expect). But they have some hits in their menu.+ Octopus - one of the best octopus I've had in my life. Period. And yes, it's pricey - $12 for two tentacles. The flavors to date are unmatchable in Miami though.+ Baklava - three small bite-size pieces of baklava caught me by surprise - they were undeniably the best pieces of baklava I've had in my life. And as a middle eastern, that's not an easy thing to make me say considering I've had many.+ White sangria - tasty, simple, and refreshing - definitely the way it should beAlso, salads generally have been tasty - I loved the cucumber one.The rest were just either good or okay - but in line with the rest of the items, many were somewhat overpriced for what they were. This is keeping them from getting the elusive 5 stars.- whole fish was good and fresh but somewhat bland- Lamb chops were good, but not the best.- Grilled sucuk (Turkish sausage) was good.- Moussaka were just okay - I liked the one at nearby Anise more.I would come back, but I would be careful on ordering. Also, expect a wait since this place has become popular and RSVPing is recommended.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,9/27/2011,221,253,8,13,12>I. LOVE. THIS. PARK!It has so many of the benefits of Crandon without the drive or the cost!  The "park" consists of pavilions, plenty of picnic tables with bbq stands nearby, lush grass and large trees that provide excellent shade. Just a few steps behind the beautiful park area is my favorite beach in Miami.  The sand is soooo much softer than that of South Beach, there's plenty of room to move around, it's not so crowded and has more of a family atmosphere in general.One of my favorite things is coming out here with a beach towel, book, some ice water and music to just lay out and chill.  I've also been here for the aforementioned Drum Circle and under a full moon, the energy from the drums and the people is awesome.There's more than enough street parking and a couple lots directly across the street.The only thing I dislike is that I didn't know about this place sooner!!
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,9/26/2011,150,71,13,14,11>Now this is MY SPOT!!! I actually didn't want to write a review. I mean if I told you guys about the pool, the jacuzzi, the billiards tables, the extended happy hour and the live DJ you just might start to show up.. *insert sad violin playing here* And then my little quiet place would turn into party central..lol WELL READ ON THEN!! So I had some guy (Him who will not be named) offer to play me in pool.. Lo and behold he takes me to this place. OMGGG! So what I haven't talked to the guy since, I've been here at least 8 times in 3 weeks!* Check out the pictures! They have cabanas and lounge chairs and-- hold on I just remembered I wanted to get out the negative first... Be careful of the bartender Marie.. She will charge you whatever comes to her head. Even after you tell her you know the right price AND you tell her you were there the day before AAND you tell her you're coming back with a receipt! OK now where was I, Oh yeah.. the chairs and umbrella tables are amazing! I've been at all times of the day and there has ALWAYS been a spot to lay. Even in the Jacuzzi! Uuuuuhhh Jaaaacuuuzzzzzziiiiiiiiiii OK I know you have other reviews to read to lets just cut to the chase and talk about what really matters HAPPY HOUR. The Happy Hour here is usually Monday--Friday 4p-7p but now its recently been extended to Monday -Thursday 4p TO CLOSE! The drinks will during these times are half off. My favorite is the Shamrock followed by a shot of rum.. YUM! I haven't had the food yet.. I know you're thinking 'Kenesha! YOU of AAALLL people haven't EATEN there?!?!' I know, I know, but the Jacuzzi, the drinks and food just don't mix. You have to prioritize lol And last but certainly not least! On Tuesday nights they have DJ George Jett! THE BOMB. Have you ever heard someone mix Ms. New Booty by Bubba Sparxx with Pretty Woman by Roy Orbinson??? No huh? See that's why I need to see you at Finnegans. Link me up when you come. *Side-note: I work everyday (shocking I know) but when I get off early.. I'm at Finnegans before my boss can get the 'e' out of his 'Goodbye"
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,9/25/2011,437,438,7,17,13>I went into Kork last week after work, and I was so impressed. They weren't officially open, but they really had their act together for a new place. First of all, before even heading to the bar, make your way down to the basement. It screams private party, and the walls are lined with bottles of wine to choose from. Many of the wines I looked at were $10-20 per bottle, and from 4-6 pm they have a happy hour with no corkage fee when you buy a bottle! They have a big selection downstairs, so if you know you'll be going and want something chilled, give them a call before you come and they'll have it ready for you when you arrive. We made our way back upstairs and drank some wine, enjoyed a platter of a few different types of cheese, and enjoyed the cozy, dimly lit atmosphere and great conversation with the bartender. They also have some unique beers on tap and a cider that I got to take a little taste of. It was out of this world. The smell alone had me sold. I can see Kork becoming a great place for happy hour in downtown Miami, and I can't wait to go back once they really hit the ground running.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,9/24/2011,70,117,24,15,14>The name of this restaurant sounds a little savage in itself, and that's because dining here will be the death of you. Now let me explainI came here on a date, the restaurant of my choosing. It just so happened that this restaurant was also a participating Miami Spice venue. When my date and I arrived the waiter began rambling about the place and all I imagined was him pulling out a scroll and giving a 15 minute speech about his royal highness- Red the Steakhouse. He said "we make everything in house: the butter, the pasta, the silverware, the cows, there are ladies in the back picking cotton and knitting the table cloths, a man named Adolfo who has beautiful feet and graciously dances over the grapes that ferment into our wine, and the Pope visits weekly to bless the food." I am by no means a food snob, so Adolfo was the only thing that impressed me.For the starter I chose the Red House Salad. This salad includes but is not limited to amazing. I've actually had a few salads with the same ingredients (walnuts, goat cheese and raspberry vinaigrette), but this cheese was memorable. It is in my opinion that these goats were hand fed fairies and children's dreams while they produced the milk that molded itself onto my plate.Then I ordered the Trenne Carbonara. I know, I went to a steak house and ate pasta. But, I've been watching a lot of Jersey Shore, and GTL- Pasta is becoming a part of my life. Seriously though, this Carbonara had crispy chunks of Pancetta which is bacon's fancy cousin, and I couldn't pass it up. It also had the worlds biggest 5 shrimp on top. Red's chef paid big money to find Guinness world record sized shrimp to put in my pasta dish.And finally dessert was some blob with a blood orange drizzle and it was good. But I'm not a dessert person, I'm equally satisfied with skittles.After dining here, I no longer felt I needed to live or experience anything further. So I went home and cried for days, because I am neither obese nor wealthy enough to afford dining here everyday. Also I feel shitty knowing that people gave this place anything less than 5 stars, I want to know what kind of food they are eating.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,9/23/2011,749,521,29,25,18>This little piggy went to PinchoThis little piggy shoulda gone homeCos this little piggy ate an entire Western Burger and Cajun FriesAll on on this little piggy's ownCan you patent OM NOM noises?  I wish you could because the ones coming out of my mouth last night were the type that will never be repeated ever again.I took one bite of that awesomeness and went into another world altogether, eyes rolling back in my head and all  Such a melting together of flavours from bite one to the last bite, which I actually broke into two so I could prolong the deliciousness just that little bit longer.  Western Burger = beef patty with bacon, onion straws and awesomesauce all held together with a fantabulous bun.  Then, the cajun fries.  OM to the NOM.  Halfway through them I got a phone call from Tom W. who had seen my check in.   "CAJUN FRIES WITH TWO FRIED EGGS"...he breathed down the phone to me.  TOO LATE I cried!!!!  But that would have been my Man V's Food moment.My heart doctor is happy that Pincho Factory is wayyy south of where I live I'm sure, though they really should branch out and open one a little further North of Bird Road.French Fries with Chocolate sauce totally intrigues me.  A return visit is not only a must, its a given.It's totally worth eating steamed veggies for a month for dinner to have one big pig out here. How good was it?  I was rooting around in my teeth with my tongue looking for any last bits of deliciousness before I brushed my teeth to go to bed.  Yeah.  THAT good.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,9/22/2011,137,64,15,11,13>I think I had one of my first legal beers at Zekes. A Carib, from Trinidad, if my brain has managed to maintain any accuracy after MANY more legal beers. There is no way in heck that I don't have a beer at Zekes if I'm on the east side of the causeway and they're open. They've done a great job of adding more draft beer since the old days and I think they have around a dozen now, mostly great crafts. Add that to the couple hundred they have in bottles and the formula produces win. If this was in Kendall, it would be one of the better bars in Dade County. But it's on Lincoln Road. For 6 out of 10 days of the year, LR is the epicenter of awesome. SIDEBAR: TLC's album "crazysexycool" was written about 3 of the 4 personalities you find on Lincoln Road. The 4th, tourist, appears on the European version of the album but was nixed from the US version cause it tested poorly with focus groups.So what better place to sip a great beer than outside, watching the parade of everything that's nice and naughty in the world? There is no better place. You're probably thinking to yourself "golly, it sounds like Zekes has the greatest $10 beers in the world!" WRONG.All the beers are like $4 bucks. Throw a bone on top of that for tip and you've just bought a ticket to an alternate reality that is the reality for a five-dollar bill. And who is on the five-dollar bill? Lincoln. You're on Lincoln Road.Oh snap, your mind is blown.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2010,9/21/2011,196,262,7,6,7>One step inside and you are instantly transported to a different land, way far away from the world outside, you'd think you walked through a portal and dropped off somewhere in Bravaria.I came here on a Saturday with a friend, his wife, and some of her co-workers.We came for dinner but got a show.. but more on that later.My friend started with a beer, his wife and entire liter of the stuff.Now that's a lot of beer.For an appetizer, we ordered potato pancakes. They were quite good, very home made and for my main entree I ordered the pork Jaeger Scnitzel, which I enjoyed.But what made the night was the entertainment.Not the most talented guys I've seen, but what they lack in talent they make up in hilarity and enthusiasm.Early on they started with pretty standard songs, but as time went on things fell down a slippery slope and into show tunes! At one point during our meal, one of them decided to go around with the microphone and make us help with the singing. Needless to say things got a little weird but it was all in good fun, and certainly worth another visit in the near future.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,9/20/2011,42,212,18,9,9>Dear Baby Jesus: I wanted to thank you for allowing me to experience the decadence of Sugar Rush's deserts.  The Fried Oreos smothered in condensed milk belong next to you on an alter in Heaven.  The mini cupcakes, especially the red velvet are a step away from having wings.  The bread pudding nearly made my hubby cry in shear joy and the G.O.A.T cookies almost made me speak in tongues.  I pray that you give me the strength tomorrow to run 10 miles and burn it all off.  AMEN
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,5/7/2008,723,1088,2,1,2>This place has the feel of an authentic Parisian restaurant. The menu is authentic and the service is surprisingly pleasant considering the whole french atmosphere.The food presentation is original and consistent with what you expect from a French Restaurant, it is true french cuisine in Coral Gables. Suitable for a good business lunch or a romantic date this place will not disappoint. Attention to detail is evident in every from front on of the house to the menu and food presentation which denotes quality chef.This place will certainly satisfy you and you will come out with a good sense of value for the prices.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,5/6/2008,1381,665,5,6,6>WOW!  All Sushi Siam's are NOT created equal.  I used to dislike this one due to the atmosphere.  I have been working on the Key for 2 years now, so it has always been my lunchtime Sushi spot, where usually I order take-out and eat it at my desk.  Occasionally, I would eat there, but again, the ambiance was too...  Corporate?  I felt like I was still in the office...NOT ANY MORE!!!  They have completely remodeled this place and now it looks more like a happening night club than a Sushi Siam!I had lunch there with a coworker yesterday and what a difference a new look really makes!!!  The service seemed better, the ambiance was friendly and relaxed, and its just a much nicer place to sit and eat at!  I hate coming this far on the weekends, but I may just have to bring the BF here!  They remodeled everything, from the space itself, to the walls, the furniture, the bar area, etc.  The entire thing looks different when you walk in.  You can't even recognize the old space!  From the outside, however, you would have NO IDEA the place was remodeled (I had no clue til i walked in!)...The sushi is always delicious and fresh, and never disappoints.  The Thai food they have is traditional and tasty as well.  I always enjoy a Miso soup with my meal, and this place has the BEST.  Definitely my favorite Miso soup.  :)  Great place for Sushi and Thai...  I also enjoy the one in Morningside (54 and Biscayne, next to Andiamo's)!  :)
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,5/5/2008,29,6,7,17,13>Savvy Girl is a great option when you're sick of showing up to a party wearing the same department store dress as the next girl.  Found in an unexpected strip mall is the LA-styled clothing boutique posing as a one-stop shop for everything a Miami fashionista would ever need - from tops and dresses to belts and stilettos.Always there to greet you with a smile is Miami native and owner, Kristy Ferradas.  Don't let her young age fool you, this IFAC fashion merchandise student truly knows her stuff and she'll be as honest as your best friend.Savvy Girl offers many options and a range of price points.  The best thing about this store is you'll leave feeling like you bought something original, but at the same time feel good about not spending you're entire week's pay.  Expect to find  vintage-inspired By Francine tops, Rosa Cha dresses, Elizabeth Cole jewelry, Cocobelle sandals and much more.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2008,5/4/2008,56,16,4,4,2>Mansion Miami is what you would call a MEGACLUB, such as mega scene ,mega huge, mege expensive, mega crowded with megalomaniacs and perhaps some mega maniancs wearing mega shiny shoes or mega mini dresses. It is the manifestation of  a "I survived SoBe" tshirt with a Von Dutch trucker hat to match.... However, below are 5 reasons why you should go there, at least once:One: It emanates a very vibrant vibe- you will find yourself dancing whether against the wall because its so packed or away from all the "papis" trying to get downTwo: They have mega high profile surprise guests like every night such as Busta Rhyms, Bob St. Clair, Terror Squad, Trick Daddy (oh wait he might be a regular)Three: Great sound systemFour: It will serve as a measure of comparison for every other mega club you might find yourself in....for the rest of your lifeFive: The eye candy is sooo sugary that you can not stop looking...that is, until your retinas begin to feel mushy a consistence best equated to that of flanAlso, unless you have a hook up, expect to wait a mega line and pay mega bucks for cover.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,5/3/2008,1509,3596,2,5,5>4 stars b/c it's a miami first. (just opened Sat.)first taiwanese ice -- $3.50 w/4 toppingswould have liked to see more fresh fruit toppings, however, i.e. mango, but they've got the almond, taro, mung bean, red bean, coconut jelly, grass jelly, lychee, mochi, barley etc. even the condensed milkI'm a little picky, but would have liked the ice to be shaved a little moreunfortunately mochi balls were a little hard in the centertheir tapioca balls were soft all the way through, so I recommend trying their bubble teathis place is all vegetarian -- their soy products are cooked to be like meatspretty good, but I think you have to be used to it to appreciate it.sole proprietorship; they are very friendly.more choices for shaved ice toppings, a lot of coconut jellies, various puddings, mango slices (including picked type) and other fruits, sweet rice, this would be perfect if they moved it to a cart on the beach.  otherwise a bit too much ice...bubble tea drinks are powdered, but taste fine enough
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2007,5/2/2008,153,1226,2,6,5>this place feels like home. perhaps thats just because i go to the bar almost every week. the bar is the kinda place where you get not only really good drinks, a wide variety of beers... including microbreweries but also really good bar food. mean burgers, yummy wings, chips, dips and all that good greasy stuff. drink specials happen every night, wednesday night is shot night, i believe thursday is super-size it and friday night is ladies night. girls drink for  f-r-e-e  from 5 til 8 i think? im not quite sure. friday nights are busy nights, a lot of people who work at the gables go there to relieve some stress over a beer or a drink. service is usually pretty damn good. no complaints about it and i've been here about 800 times as i work in the gables. ashley and cheryl are my favorite bartenders there, theyre both sweet, friendly and moody so let them take care of you but then do take care of them!theres also an all-digital jukebox where you can find the good beats and even download the not so popular tracks you wish to listen. just in case youre sick of 'the greatest hits' and 'singles' albums. after you've selected your desired tracks, you'd usually qualify to play a little game to win an extra play. its one of those eye-hand coordination games that i suck at. but i usually get cheryl to get this win for me as she is an expert at this, and thats no lie.so, if youre at the gables or by the gables and don't feel like going to a posh place for a drink like tarpon bend or houstons, then hang out at the bar. friendly place, good peeps, good beer, good drinks, good soups, good table games... the only thing that sucks is...that there is no parking. (this is coral gables) so, make sure you bring change unless you want a parking ticket.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2007,5/1/2008,41,55,7,7,3>Super crunchy granola types and beach hippies congregate here.  But this doesn't mean you shouldn't go. Embrace your inner vegetarian and lick some lettuce once in awhile, umkay?Love the food counter where items are made to order. One tiny table inside and a couple outside that are so loaded with condiments like spray-on Braggs liquid aminos, and an impressive hot sauce selection, that you can barely seat two. Not the greatest inventory of foods, vitamins and supplements like one would find at Wild Oats and better yet, Whole Foods though I love to support local health food stores. They do offer special orders.  I prefer to place my orders for nutrition bars by the case (larabar since they are raw and organic!) and other cases like metromint water, etc. here instead of Wild Oats since it's hassle free and seems to arrive much quicker. Bonus factor includes a 10% case discount.Love the laid-back easy going vibe here w/ zero attitude from staff and customers.  Go Hemp!
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,4/30/2008,169,173,1,6,8>I  love the Shore Club! I wish I could permanently move in there. The Shore Club is astonishing for its ambiance! The pool scene, regardless of season or time of day, is always fun & the attentive staff makes sure that you always have a mojito (or glass of champagne) in hand.  I love eating shrimp while hanging out in a poolside cabana personally!   The hotel rooms themselves are quite groovy as well - though they could be a bit cozier, you know more cozy & sensual,  a bit less stark. I love the wetrooms. Reserve a room with a balcony, preferably overlooking the pool but beware it is not going to be very quiet. The restaurants, including Nobu, are perfect though pricey. Skybar is always fun & plays good music. Scoop boutique also has an outpost here, just in case you need a new bikini or party dress! Convenient location for all that exciting South Beach has to offer! Beware though...unless you are up for the party, you will be unhappy here. Even from locked doors & closed windows you will hear the loud music until the DJ decides to go home.  They really do need to work on sound proofing the rooms a bit better.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2007,4/29/2008,20,54,,7,1>What a gem!Choice Cafe is in the middle of the Fashion ghost-town, and looks very inconspicuous as you drive by, but the food is worth stopping for, especially if you are sick of driving up to North Miami Beach in traffic for overrated and meager portions of disappointing Korean.A Korean-language television plays Korean soap operas in the background. The surly proprietress will pretend she doesn't speak English as she takes your order, but will happily come and mix the sauce into your bibim bap for you if you do it wrong. The panchan (side dishes) are not as extensive as they could be, but the kimchee is authentically spicy and delicious. Many items on the menu are typical Korean restaurant fare (kalbi, bulgogi, chigae), but there are some rare items that are worth checking out as well, such as the jaeyook bokum. Their hours state that they are open until 5:00 but once lunch is over they won't serve you, so get there at noon--at least on weekdays.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2007,4/28/2008,1632,440,5,14,5>The bros are walking to see they can find the end of Miami beach, no can do. Blood sugar dropping quickly, need food... need food... start asking random dudes walking their little poodles. No one knows where there is breakfast food at 1pm :). Finally, old man with small dog number 2 tells us there is a place inside of the Carriage Condos. We're freaking hungry. We walk-in to the condo and have to tell the security guard that we're going to the restaurant. He lets us proceed. You need to walk to the right about 90 steps, I wish I had my camera cause this place was pretty off the beaten path. The waitress doesn't speak any english which is awesome. We get to practice some spanish in America, I love it. Makes me feel that much more special for finding this place. I order the pepper chicken, and my bro orders the egg something. Both are awesome and the total bill about 20 dollars for both meals. Amazing in a town where the Delano charges $20 per drink.Maybe the contrasting costs made me like this place more. Seriously, I would go out of my way to try this place out for b-fast or lunch. Check it out and let me know.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,9/23/2010,944,946,7,11,8>Mmmm...cheesesteak.  No, I'm not from Philly, but that hasn't stopped me on my quest for the real-deal Philly Cheese Steak.  The Alibi has come through, complete with Amaroso rolls and wiz on top, and I don't plan on fulfilling my cheese steak needs anywhere else from here on out.A few friends and I went on a South Beach "adventure" this weekend.  We were roaming the streets looking for new and exciting things, mostly related to food.  I knew about The Alibi, and I'd been following the glowing reviews from my fellow Yelpers, so I steered us here.It was still relatively early in the day (maybe like 6:30pm), so Lost Weekend was pretty much empty.  And we had plenty of time to chat with The Alibi mastermind, Billy.I heard people rave about the cheese steak, so I knew that's what I had to get.  My friend also ordered one, and we definitely could've shared one sandwich, it was that big.  But since there were actually 4 of us in total, no cheese steak went to waste.I'd heard about their kick-ass pickles from fellow Yelper Melissa S., so I knew I had to try those as well.  Billy brought us a little sampler tray so we could all get a taste of the spicy, yet ridiculous addictive pickles.  We also got some fries, topped with the ranch dust, and they were scrumptious.  They're thick-cut, with the skin on, fyi.The chalkboard menu is an awesome touch, and is just another reason why The Alibi stands out from the crowd.  You can pay with cash in the back, or with your card up front at the bar.  As other Yelpers have noted, you order your drinks from the bar, so keep that in mind.I can't believe it's taken me so long to check this place out.  I won't be a stranger any longer though, that's for sure.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2009,9/22/2010,253,216,9,9,7>I'm a big, no, scratch that, HUGE, fan of Prime 112, so I finally decided to give its little brother across the street a shot and boy am I happy I did. My S/O and I agreed that the menu here is very similar to 112's with less seafood and more pasta. We both wanted steak (I am so carnivorous I can't fight it!) but decided that we needed to try at least some pasta dish while we were there so we ordered the gnocchi. Gnocchi is my go-to dish at every Italian restaurant I go to. The alfredo sauce was a little bland but once I added salt it was great. The gnocchi, however, melted in my mouth. It was so soft and fresh I barely had to chew! The steaks were mouthwatering and cooked perfectly. Its tough to get a steak in Miami cooked medium that's actually medium! We got the truffle butter for the steak but had them melt it....OMG, AMAZING. I want some more steak and truffle butter RIGHT NOW, please.We also ordered the Four Cheese Truffle CRACK, i mean, MAC, which is exactly like the one at Prime 112- incredible. I was able to get a rezzie for 7:45 at 7pm same day (Sunday).  Prime 112 was looking like it had a long wait, and as I sat by the window, I snickered, munching on my garlic cheese bread, happy I had opted for Prime Italian instead!
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2010,9/21/2010,125,397,5,13,15>Mmmmm, delicious!!  Thanks, soooo much, Rony, for reviewing this place.  The owner here is super friendly and helpful.  He's the type of chill person who will have a conversation with you like he's known you forever and he makes some dang good food!  He no longer makes cake, pancit, or lumpia (at least not during the hotter summer months because they don't hold up well in the heat), however, he's got a delicious spread of other dishes like pork adobo, chicken in a basic sweet/sour brown sauce, fish, blood something or other (pinoy people, I'm sure you'll know what I'm talking about), and a really delicious spinach/collard green like veggie cooked in coconut milk (taro leaves--thanks Rony).  If you've ever had Cambodian or Vietnamese rice cake in banana leaf (num anksom in Khmer), then you will love that veggie.  It reminds me of the flavor in the rice in a rice cake.Anywho, this truck also has a wide spread of SE Asian drinks like thai tea and some yummy fruit juices and nectars, like nice thick mango nectar in the glass bottle.  There is also a nice spread of filipino snacks, like those season toasted corn thingies ~~yum~~~ and some basic filipino ramen-style packaged rice noodles.In terms of the food quality, it was all super delish!  The meat was typical filipino sweet/sour for both the pork adobo and the chicken, but the adobo is more of a sweet/salty flavor opposition, too.  It is supposed to be salty and worked wonderfully with the diced tomato and onion salad condiment on the side.  For a spoonful of pork adobo to try and the chicken dish with rice along with the stewed taro leaves and the onion and tomato salad, a giant can of thai tea, and a gifted corn snack, it was $7.  And a note on cleanliness--the owner was meticulous about cleanliness and about always keeping lids on food to keep flies away.FYI, if you ask him what he has, he will tell you what "safe" dishes he has, however, if you are a more adventurous diner, ask him what about the other dishes and let him know you are not a fussy eater and he'll show you and explain the rest.  He is also very nice about letting you sample before you choose.You can find the food truck in the J Terminal at the end of Asia Way, closer to the exit from the terminals back toward the city.  He generally closes shop at 4PM and arrives at about 8AM.  You can park for free at the lot directly across the street and the entrance to the lot is just past the truck.In short, next time you go to the beach, downtown, design district, etc around 8a-4p, consider lugging your butt to the port for a tasty filipino treat!  I mean, how often do we actually get good Asian food in this city??  And SE Asian?? I mean, cmon!
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,9/20/2010,196,289,11,18,15>Refreshing change for the brunch scene.Let's start with the inviting purple house with the wraparound porch with multiple heat lamps on a brisk Saturday.  Parking is a breeze as there is a parking lot with ample parking spaces.  We chose to sit outside despite the cold snap because it was too loud inside and the tables were too close together for us to feel comfortable with possible x-rated brunch talk.Then there's the welcoming staff from the owner to the busboys.  Either the owner or manager kept coming to our table to check on how things were (maybe it was because my friend and I were there for hours trying everything on the menu).This place may not be a go-to place for me because I actually have to drive to get here.  On those mornings that I want weekend brunch fare after a long night or I'm just in lazy mode -- the drive (albeit short) may be discouraging.  Nonetheless, this may become my special go-to place for brunch.I had the organic eggs made to order -- scrambled with cheddar cheese mixed in.  Although the menu doesn't inform you, the eggs do come with potatoes and toast.  I like that I was able to order turkey sausage on the side even though I won't order it again. The eggs were ok, but my friend said her eggs benedict was the best she ever had.Having heard about the voluptuous grilled cheese, my friend and I decided to split one.  At the time, I thought it was ok.  Grilled cheese sandwiches, even at nice restaurants can be tough.  They can come out way too greasy.  This sandwich had the right amount of cheeses (it had BRIE IN IT), crispy texture and grease.  With some time to think and write about it, I think the sandwich was more than ok.  I kind of want one right NOW.The BOOZE:Morgan's offers beer (Chimay!!!), wine and cocktails.  We started with the champagne cocktails the ingredients of which varies daily.  Today, the fruit on hand were berries -- strawberries and blueberries -- that were muddled and mixed with champage.  Yum. Mimosas and Bellinis are also available.  To save money, I usually order a bottle of champagne and a side of orange juice.  But Morgan's had a limited selection of inexpensive sparkling wine -- one bottle of prosecco and that stuff gives me a nasty headache.So we moved on to a pitcher of sangria.  Red, white and rose are offered.  We went with the white that was pretty tart as it had a strong grapefruit component.  What I appreciated however, is that it was made with a riesling.  I even gave the owner/manager a high five for the delicious combo.With our dessert sangria cocktails, we ordered the bread pudding which also varies daily.  On our day it was the pecan & praline.  I've had better bread pudding, but this one hit the spot that day.  It had the texture of oatmeal and the pecan & praline flavors went well with our tart sangria.The service and tasty food definitely makes me want to come back for brunch, but now I want to try it for lunch and dinner.  With so many new restaurants turning out to be flash-in-the-pan failures, it is refreshing to see a place like Morgan's open up.UPDATE:Writing this review got me jonesing for a grilled cheese sandwich so I convinced a coworker to join me for lunch soon after posting the review.Sneaking out of the office for lunch isn't always easy, especially when you have to contend with a drive from downtown to midtown but it was worth it.  Arriving at 1pm, we had to wait a couple minutes for a parking space to open up (though there were plenty of meter spots).My coworker and I split our grilled cheese and burger orders.  Grilled Cheese was even better the second time.  The trick, I think, is to eat fresh off the grill.  OMG.  The Burger?  DELISH.  Juicy thick patty on a fresh brioche bun.  Perfect blend of textures and flavors and good bun to patty ration, which is what I look for.  The side salad is a GENEROUS portion of yummy earthy field greens with a light olive oil based dressing.  The fries are more like "frites" and annoyingly addictive if you're trying to calorie-conscious.  I don't like pickles but both times I went, my companions commented on how awesome they were.This is not the place to come if you are indeed escaping for a quick lunch.  If you come here, you must have the time to enjoy the experience as the food did take awhile to come out.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,9/18/2010,34,125,16,20,18>5+++WARNING: The word "best" will be used in this review excessively and without regard.  I might as well get it out of the way now.  Best restaurant in Miami.  Best sushi I've ever had.  Best sake I've ever had.  Best wasabi I've ever had.  Best restaurant "show" I've ever had, with regard to preparation and presentation.  Best gooey duck I've ever had (er, only gooey duck).  Compared to other fine restaurants, how many places have great executive chefs with a passion for their food and an obsessive attention to detail.  Ok, fine.  Now how many of those restaurants can you go where the executive chef is directly involved with preparing your food.  Scratch most off the list.  Now how many can you go to where the executive chef is preparing your food, personally for you, in front of you.  Bueller?  Bueller?I went balls to the wall for my dinner without concern for cost.  It's my birthday weekend.  I ordered the $125 bottle of sake to start.  We started with single pieces of sushi after the bento box but after the first one, the Scottish salmon belly, quickly switched to two.I've never had sake before, considering what I had here.I've never had sushi before, considering what I had here.  Oh yes, there have been restaurants with the word "sushi" on the door and on the menu but none like this.  Each piece of sushi was SO delicate it was absolutely surreal.  The rice was warm, and amazingly prepared to not over power the ocean critters on top.  It's not like I was eating the sushi inasmuch as I placed it into my mouth and had its essence dissolve into my being.  The only exceptions were the eel, the gooey duck and the uni which don't really fit into the "delicate" category but were excellent nonetheless.  The scallops and the gooey duck were alive, minutes before we devoured them.  The gooey duck was like something from a third rate space horror film.  HA, I ate the creature and saved the spaceship!The bento box was also amazing and was a great precursor to delights to come.After your (3 - 4 hour) dinner at Naoe, you expect to walk out onto the streets of L.A., New York, Chicago or even Tokyo.  But no, you're still in Miami, the fantasy is over.  Hopefully, Naoe punctuates a turn for Miami with similarly incredible restaurants to come.  The four hours we spent at Naoe seemed like 1/4 of that time.Naoe is first on my list for special occasions, out of town guests and pescetarian indulgence whenever I can.  If you go to Naoe and don't give it five stars, I don't think we can ever be friends.  In fact, I probably won't like you very much.  Not because of how you rated but because of how completely antithetic you're likely to be to me.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,9/17/2010,274,769,6,10,7>I have a confession to make...I lied...about being an art fan. There's no way I can consider myself a connoisseur of the Miami Art Scene and not have stepped foot inside Dorsch Gallery until tonight!I stopped in tonight for the Bubble Art exhibit I heard on the talk thread, and went beyond the main entry hall. The raw concrete floor, the exposed masonry block work, the nooks, the crannies, the turns just beg for artistic creation. The exhibits tonight ranged from a cot made out of bank deposit bags - perfectly symbolic of the recession - to fluorescent colorful "stacks" and even a Great Pair of Legs on the floor. The coup d'grace is the outside patio where an local band was playing. It is an architectural hodgepodge of a patio slab, grass, and pavers. The patio roof itself is another marvel with two different types of wood framing. Of course, there was the requisite comp bar (which unfortunately I passed on tonight) and also a little picnic table outside. The acoustics weren't that great, but we're not a hoity toity concert hall but at a cool end-of-summer backyard party!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,9/16/2010,587,1627,5,8,7>I'm glad my favorite burger joint in Miami that I tried in South Beach opened up another location that's better for the locals - in mainland Miami's Brickell district.The Hotel California is still by far my favorite burger. And I tried the string bean appetizer for the first time and it was addictive - lightly battered-fried and with a delicious mayo-aioli that is sure enough to keep you munching!Service was great, atmosphere was kinda loud at times (but then again, it's already a popular joint), and fair enough prices for the portions and quality of the burgers which are all grass-fed. Happy cows, happy stomaches - no? :)Good beer selection as well, divided by countries.B&BJ - welcome to Miami! Saves us the trouble of heading over to the Beach.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,9/15/2010,330,118,14,14,14>WHY IS EVERYTHING AT WHISK DELICIOUS?! WHY!? Honestly what is there to say that hasn't already been said? The place is super small, the seating is limited, food is uber delicious, staff is uber friendly, parking and waiting sucks but totally worth it, burger Fridays are the best day to go and the prices are reasonable. I've had the bacon cheddar burger, Whisk burritos, fried green tomato sandwhich, hummus, ceviche, yeah the list goes on and on. This place rocks my world and even though they're moving further away from my job, Whisk is most definitely worth the drive!
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,9/14/2010,268,629,6,11,10>i have always seen this place, with the sign simply marked pizza, but had never even thought to go on the mission to try and find out the real name and place an order.lucky for me a coworker did. we got a great deal for lunch special!! 2 pizzas, 6 garlic rolls for 15 bucks. hello thats better than fast food and you cant even begin to compare the quality.the pizza dough is perfect, not too thick or too thin. it has a mild sweetness to it. i liked the cheese better than the bacon/onion.i loved this place and the price is just right!!
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,9/13/2010,619,794,9,24,14>Let's see...Parking at Miami Airport costs $15 per day, and once parked you need to take an elevator to the 3rd floor, lug your bags from moving walkway to moving walkway until you reach the area where your airline's ticket counter is located, then you take another (usually very slow) elevator down to the ticket counter and check-in.A much wiser option is to park here at Airport Fast Park which is only about a mile from the airport (located in the same vicinity as most of the rental car companies).  You park on their lot, one of their vans picks you up at your vehicle and the driver helps you with your bags; in a few moments you're dropped off at the airport in front of your airline's check-in counter.   The price to park here is less than 1/2 the cost to park at the airport.   I have a "frequent parker" card, and the last time I parked here I arrived in the early morning of the 22nd and left late on the evening of the 27th and I only paid $36 total, which is what I'd pay to park at MIA for 2 1/2 days.In my mind, parking here vs. the airport is a no-brainer.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,12/13/2011,65,119,4,6,4>Discovered this place after my Frat-astic friends at Urban Daddy recommended it when I was searching for an outside drinking venue. I'm such a sucker for rooftops and views. South Beach falls short in this category- so had to hit it up. My friend from L.A was in town for Basel and we loved it so much, we came back a second night before hitting an event at the Shore Club next door. Vibe is cool, calm, outdoor lounge-ish. Views are great! Outdoor furniture is comfy and welcoming. I loved all the green potted plants and bougainvillea, it's like a little garden haven amongst the urban jungle of Collins Ave. Drinks were reasonable at $11/martini and they make sushi rolls fresh behind the bar. Bartender made great Lychee Martinis. This is for sure a place to come for a quiet intro to your night on the beach, with a date, or just to enjoy the city night views. The only major bummer was that they don't open until 8pm which meant we missed sunset. Hopefully they'll extend hours come spring/summer when daylight is more plentiful. SO SO coming back here to enjoy more rooftop booze 'n views.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,12/12/2011,437,438,7,12,8>We came here after partying for a bit on New Year's Eve. When we drove by earlier in the evening, the place was packed. When we stumbled in around 12:30, we had the restaurant to ourselves. All of the employees were friendly, and it was an entrance full of "Happy New Year" exchanges until we were seated. Service was great, and it was nice to see all of them smiling even though they were working on a night when most are out enjoying themselves. We ordered the beef buns and the pork buns. Both were great and bursting with flavor. The actual bun part was really yummy. If you're a carb lover, beware. I wanted more! I also ordered the bok choy and the crispy chicken skin. I'd order the bok choy again in a heartbeat. The sauce had a nice kick to it. I'll probably pass on the chicken skin next time. It tasted like a really cripsy, hard part of KFC or Popeye's fried chicken. We ended the meal with carrot cake and a snickers cookie. Both were great. Prices were decent for the amount of food we ordered. I think we came in around $30-35 for all of that. As we left, I saw Chef Jeff McInnis, completely focused and working with a clipboard in hand. This just shows that this place will be around for a while. They know what they're doing!
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,12/11/2011,43,54,6,5,6>Partying on a budget??? This is the place to go... Cheap drinks, decent crowd, and good music.  The bartenders are always very nice and even when it's packed, you can get a drink rather quickly. The bar is pretty big and if they have the outside open there's one out there too.  They have board games if that's what you're into and food.  I've never tried the food there, so can't review.  But I'm sure it's your typical bar food... They have good local bands that perform there and on Tuesday they have a Live Band Karaoke... Which is a lot of fun with some friends!!!! Parking is a pain in that area, but my friends and I have found a secret little place near there to park for free... I wish I could share, but then it wouldn't be a secret and I won't have free parking next time.Overall, not a bad little place when you need a cocktail and have only $40 in your bank account (if that's the case you might want to stay home) but you get the drift :)
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,12/10/2011,240,100,35,18,23>Deep within the bowels of Sobe, down the street from Lincoln Road,Close enough to clubs and titties, hipsters hang in an abode.Not that it's a house per se, more like just a place to play,If your goal's to drink and stay make sure your car does not get towed.Cheaper liquor, that's the kicker, made it so the liquid flowed.End the night without a bicker? Very little cash was owed.My initial expedition, taking place some months ago,It was shortly after clubbing where they tried to sell me blow.I was faint and somewhat weary and the night remained most dreary,And I knew to be quite leery buying cocaine from a "bro."Then a phone call, from my friend Paul, meant it's time for me to go,Swiped my nose and left the stall, headed out with way less dough.Hailing cabs is such a mission when it's raining out at night,Luckily genetics favored me when granting me my height.Since the driver was a Haitian I required some sedation,As he drove to the location I was left with abject fright.When we got there, I had lost hair, yet I tried to stay polite,"Here's a tip for you, Pierre," then he drove off to the right.Entering the bar I notice, "what's with all the hipster chicks?"Normally I like those girls but not when they show up with pricks.Looking round in observation I acquired a fixation,Then commenced with my flirtation with a gal of five foot six.Then I started, road uncharted, brought myself into the mix.With her number I departed sans a need to use my tricks.From the streets the bar looks tiny, which is what one would expect,Yet inside there's ample room for you to drink booze and get wrecked.In the middle of my drinking I start blinking without thinking,Causing strangers to start winking which means now I must reject.After stalking, they start walking, and the liquor takes effect,Now I'm with her and I'm talking, and my penis gets erect.What a problem I was into, how the hell do I get out?Then again it might be helpful since I've been in such a drought.The idea might be silly but my balls were kind of chilly,So I had to treat my willy like a raging water spout.Should I take her? Is that back fur? Maybe pour another stout,With my friend I should confer, since her face is like a trout.Yet the bar itself is lovely and the ambiance is fun,Seldom will you find a girl here who weighs in at a short ton.If your taste in music's indie and you like tattoos in Hindi,And don't mind a girl named Cindi with her hair up in a bun,Set up a trip, this place is hip, and just wait up for the sun.Pick up a drink and take a sip, since the night has just begun.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,12/9/2011,203,133,8,10,7>Caution: This place might cause an orgasm in your mouth! The Pincho Burger is nothing but delicious and is comprised of a great seasonsed patty, cheese, potato stix, lettuce and tomato. If you're looking for a little party in your mouth, I definitely recommend getting the sweet potato french fries on the side. These are so good, it might just make you drool in embarrassment. Not only is the food amazeballs, but Pincho Factory is open late and is conveniently located on busy bird road. I cannot wait to come in again and try the pinchos!
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,12/8/2011,70,117,6,9,7>This place needs a boost of a rating. Look, it is tiny. Like 2 people can get a mani-pedi at a time tiny. Like 1 person can get a massage at a time tiny. But don't let that deter you, make your appointment and you should be pleased. I came here with a groupon for a manicure and pedicure for $17. I asked the employees how the groupons were working for them, and she told me that they sold 1,300 groupons in a day. The spa hadn't expected that, so naturally, they were extremely booked the first couple of months. Despite that, I was able to book an appointment with ease, and they called me a day in advance to confirm the appointment which demonstrates professionalism. The have a sterilizing machine, and you watch the lady open the package of cuticle cutters, etc. Not only was that a nice thing to see, I watched them spray down the entire table next to me after a client left. This place is cleaner than Adrian Monk. They don't have a lot of colors, but they do use Esse, and they have the new fall collection. The manicurist really takes her time. Longest mani/pedi I've ever had, most women would appreciate that. I'd go again if it wasn't out of my way.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,12/7/2011,337,332,6,7,5>What an amazing dining experience with top notch service!We came in to try their miami spice menu and we were pleasantly surprised. From the moment you walk in, the service is incredible. We were seated at a beautiful, spacious booth in the center of the restaurant. The adjacent bar area has a piano man playing everything from Lionel Richie to jazz songs to set the mood for the evening.I know this is mostly a seafood restaurant and the crab dishes looked amazing, but I highly recommend the churrasco dish with goat cheese drrizzle and mash. And for dessert, go for the carrot cake. Easily one of the best I have ever tried!
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,12/6/2011,587,1627,7,12,8>Thanks to Yelp, I knew this piece of Peru was gonna be good. What I didn't know is that it would be the best Peruvian restaurant I've ever been in Miami - even with its kitschy and traditional interior decor (in contrast with Ceviche 105 in downtown Miami). At least the plating of the food would fit in a more upscale type of restaurant.Had the fish ceviche and the chaufa rice with seafood. And the lucuma flan. Everything excelled - the ceviche was spot on, the chaufa rice was perfectly made (not too greasy, not too salty), and the lucuma flan was very tasty. And all these was way too much food for two.I don't live in Hialeah, and I don't really make it a point to go to Hialeah - but I can definitely say that I will have to now because I will be back.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,12/5/2011,341,375,15,12,11>Oye! Casablanca on a Wednesday night is one of Miami's great deals      The unlimited oysters is no ruse, as soon as a plate of oysters were done and set aside, like magic, another one would appear   I didn't expect them to be so generous    Speaking of generous, the service was exceptional in a way that it was almost embarrassing     I felt for the other patrons of the restaurant 'cause we were hogging all the attention, our oyster runner was a former Olympic champion     The server was not only pleasant but I got the feeling he had nice handwriting   The food was good but it didn't knock my socks off which would have been hard since I wasn't wearing any     The salad was fresh, the grouper sandwich the same but my favorite was the sweet potato fries that reminded me of Halloween    What's the deal with the old man in his houseboat across the river with his shirt off?
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,12/4/2011,1208,265,9,10,11>Seriously, how does this place exist down here?!?  It is way too good for Florida.  For a New Yorker this is the equivalent of an oasis in the middle of the desert.It rivals the famous Golden Unicorn in New York City.  I send everyone here and everyone can't believe it.  I'm giving it 5 stars because Tropical MUST stay in business, it is one of the few places worth driving an hour for lunch.TIP: Get there early for lunch OR the good stuff will be goneTIP 2: If you are curious about a certain Dim Sum, try it, the portions are small and are fairly inexpensive.TIP 3: They have great hot and sour soupTIP 4: Don't be a piggy, this food is for sharing
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,11/29/2013,274,769,2,6,8>Do you remember the old MTV show "Fear"? An early reality show about people checking out haunted spots, I blame / thank it for growing my interest in urban exploration. The ghosts coming out of the Marine Stadium, though, would have a synth heavy 80s soundtrack, mixed in with Jimmy Buffett and Catholic massses. Damaged during Hurricane Andrew, it's sat abandoned since the 90s. As part of an effort to remodel it, I had the chance to visit this historical site with a group of photographers to document the current graffiti and views.  The graffiti here is in par with that in the Wynwood Walls, rich in color, detail and message. The bay views - Brickell to the north and the bay to the south - are the definition of breathtaking. The exposed concrete - with proper engineering restoration - can be on par with a certain famous exposed concrete garage. (I will say, the exposed rebar and current condition does have a mad max, apocalyptic vibe for explorers.)The marine stadium is certainly a historical gem of or city, and I hope it it's properly repaired and maintained.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,11/28/2013,227,222,4,7,5>We decided to skip the mimosas and the eggs Benedict this last Sunday, opting instead to visit a local favorite in historic Overtown that we'd often driven past. Jackson Soul Food has been around forever, and the reasons why were readily evident.With simple decor, Jackson rests on the laurels of its food to lure customers big and small, many of which -- Isiah Thomas, Muhammad Ali, and Dwyane Wade among them -- are pictured on the walls, proving yet again that good food is a great equalizer.The breakfast menu is extensive, and, at first glance, it will be a bit intimidating in the best of ways. From grilled chicken to chicken wings, country bacon to savory waffles, choosing among the seemingly endless choices will be tough, and you'll walk away wishing that nature had granted you a stomach able to accommodate so much more.This happened to me.I ordered the country sausage entree, alongside which were fluffy scrambled eggs with cheese, hash browns, and two biscuits. The sausage was the best I'd had in a while. I really can't say enough about the casing, which crisped perfectly when cooked. All this said, I came to find out later that "smothered" on the menu meant smothered in gravy. So you see, while I was more than content with my order... I really wish I could've had some gravy, too. It's that vicious, gluttonous cycle that binds Yelpers together.I'm sure this'll happen to me again. I'm sure it'll happen to you, too. It's the mark of a pretty awesome place. No matter how happy you are with your meal, you'll already be looking forward to the next one. I for one can't wait to stop by Jackson again.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,11/27/2013,944,946,9,14,12>If ever a mall existed solely so the masses could window-shop, Bal Harbour is it.  With every luxury store you can imagine, to the requisite fine dining establishments, to the lush, tropical scenery - Bal Harbour lures you in.  Whether you have that platinum credit card in your wallet or not, you're free to roam around the grounds and take in the sights, both people and material things.  Saks and Neiman Marcus lay at either end of the mall, like bookends keeping the whole place together.There's luxury dining as well, with Makoto, Carpaccio, La Goulue and more to choose from.  Some of these places get extremely packed, so don't be surprised if you encounter a wait when you want to refuel after an afternoon of (window) shopping.Parking is plentiful, but also is paid.  Be sure to ask for your ticket to be validated wherever you might stop - it won't be free, but you can probably get out for about $3.  Another tip - pay attention to the exit you're using - you can only go certain directions (i.e., south on Collins or west to the Broad Causeway) from certain routes.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,11/26/2013,423,372,9,12,9>So glad to find out about Semilla so quickly after they opened! I am a total sucker for wood grain, so as soon as I walked in, I was in love. Fresh herbs lined the walls and the wooden tables were cozy and cute with super comfy benches (as we know, this isn't always the case with bench seating). Another thing that I thought was super cool was the placemat setup. I know it's a minor detail, but pretty cool and unique (no spoiler). The next thing that drew my attention was the giant Happy Hour sign! I can't wait to get back from 6-8 to check out the deals. Another big plus right of the bat, there was a steady flow of customers on a Tuesday, so I was feeling pretty good as we waited to order. Also Chef Frederick came over to chat it up with and showed us some love. Excellent service from the wait staff too. Since I did totally drop the 5 stars, let's get onto the food. We were lucky enough to try quite a few thing on the menu so here goes:Bacon Goat Cheese Croquettas: Oh my hell yes. Just as bomb ass as you are thinking right now, add the creamy dipping sauce then multiply by ten. I could possibly live off of these. Pot stickers: We tried two. Beef Short Rib and BBQ Rib - Super tasty spin on the pot sticker. Salmon & Avocado Tartar: Fresh, perfect flavor and light. Skirt Steak with Red Wine deliciousness sauce: This was on time. I had a big craving for some delicious red meat and this hit the spot. Perfectly cooked. tender. juicy. Yes.Snapper: I can't remember what was adorning this tasty fish, but truly the BEST cooked and seasoned fish that I've had in recent memory. Sounds crazy, but it's true. I was pretty close to licking the plate and SO sad when it was finished. I'm excited to try the other fish items on my next return.Tempura Brussels Sprouts: Yeah, you heard. I actually am a giant b-sprouts fan and these were out-of-control-amazing. The tempura batter with the layers of sprouts was on time. For those of you who aren't into the b-sprouts, this is your bridge to the world of b-sprouts. Ice Cream Mini-Sliders: No joke here. Chef Frederick totally took the sliders craze to the next level. I am so sad that my photo didn't come out better, because these little ice cream "burger" sliders with apricot "cheese" set on a macaroon bun blew me away. Go here immediately and order this. Save room for dessert.Snickers Candy Bar: Chocolate Lovers, this is for you. Now to everyone's shock and dismay, I am not a hard core chocolate lover, so this was actually too chocolaty for me personally, but I know a tone of people who would have died and gone straight to heaven after digging into this sweet treat. As you can see from this crazy list, Semilla is a spot that you may want to go with a few friends, so you can try more of what the Chef has to offer. I was blown away by every dish. A real treat in the mix of Miami Beach ho-hum tourist spots.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,11/25/2013,3,9,6,19,5>I've been mostly satisfied with this business. Even though I look like a kid, I did not get the impression that they were trying to rip me off and they didn't treat me like I didn't know anything.They seem to be understanding of people that want to do work on cars themselves and they do not try to upsell you. I remember having walked in with a flywheel and asked them to resurface it for me. The cost was $40. The standard around the country, and a good price. I also had a bolt that been broken inside one of the holes and they offered to take it out for $10. The headache of buying an extractor and drilling it out myself was not worth it. They told me it was going to be ready next week because the machinist was out, but I got a call about an hour later that the flywheel was ready to be picked up. I was really happy that I didn't have to wait. Oh yeah, no taxes or hidden fees. A flat $50.Another time I needed to have a spot on an oil pan welded. Because it was aluminum, I couldn't do it myself and so a special welder was needed. I should have asked how much it would be but I didn't. Turns out they went over and beyond what I needed. Cleaned the oil pan, welded it, sprayed some paint to protect it from rust, and it looked like brand new. But it was just an oil pan that I didn't need to be all fancy. I guess they needed to make money somehow because welding a tiny hole would have not made any money and they didn't want to completely rip me off either. So they charged me $80 which was a bit high for me but I am sure would have been a decent price for anyone that doesnt mind spending that much. In the end, I got my oil pan done the same day, I didn't have to buy a welder or pay for welder labor, and my oil pan has not leaked ~3 years later so in the grand scheme of things, it paid off.They are very old school cubans. No-nonsense. Remind me of my family. You will not get ghetto cuban marielito slang talk from them. Don't be worried about emailing them and not getting a reply because they are a mechanic shop with old mechanics. You will get a reply with an estimate the same day or the next. Just provide the appropriate information.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,11/24/2013,206,133,9,12,10>To all the haters claiming, "How can you screw up a grilled cheese?", back off because I always screw them up!!The Daily Melt is incredibly underrated. The food is delicious. Service is above and beyond. The location is spotless. etc. etc. etc.First off--the food. I normally go on Tuesdays for the $2 Tuesday deal. You get an original grilled cheese with a shot of tomato soup. To the other haters that say, "this shot could be given for free", then go somewhere else to get free stuff. The tomato soup is always delicious and the size is the perfect amount. I can never finish a whole bowl of tomato soup. The shot is perfect to dip your sandwich in and sip on. They normally have different flavors of soup as well. I have ordered the Bacon Melt that comes with cheddar, bacon, tomatoes, and spinach. I opt out of the tomatoes and add white truffle butter. Holy moly, yummmm in my mouth. I'm pretty sue I could eat 5 of these. To the haters claiming that the sandwiches are under-stuffed....stay home and make your own. These contain the perfect amount. Not to much to where the fillings are falling out everywhere and not too little to where I am still hungry. The prices are reasonable for lunchtime, especially compared to other places in midtown, where you are guaranteed almost $15-$20 a person. Here, we ate for 2 people for $19. The soda machine is always a plus. I love all the different options. Chef Allen creates all of their pickles, which are the perfect compliment for the sandwiches. I suggest the Hot and Sassy and the Sea Salt and Dill ones. Next--service. Wow, I didn't know there was a place I could in Miami for under $20 and be truly impressed by the service and enjoy the employees. This place is always on point. Greeted when you walk in. Eager to take your order and explain everything to you. Checking on you as you dine in to make sure everything is going well. All smiles and service. Lovely, fun music playing while I enjoy my longtime American meal. And the music was in english--always a plus! I could rave about the cleanliness, but come on. Everyone should flock to places this clean. Let me just say, this is a business that deserves to make it. They are not trying to serve gourmet grilled cheese. They are serving up the simple, homemade recipes without the hassle of trying to perfect it yourself. Also, they are serving breakfast now. I will update!! And remember friends, haters gonna hate.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,11/23/2013,309,226,12,10,8>So this is like the billionth review you're going to read that states the pure goodness of this ice cream shop.  And here it is: this place serves pure goodness in a cone (or cup, whichever you desire!).Yes, I'm super late in coming here and probably the last review that will get written because of that aaaand no one will read it, but even still, I need to state my opinion! So I've stalked Azucar for about a year (yes, that long), and finally made it out with the ball n' chain and my little gorda.  I was going to hit up the Abuela Maria that everyone orgasms over, but I went with the Café con Leche because I'm a rebel like that. I will say this: if you're not a coffee lover, it may be a little much for you.  Luckily for me, it was perfect and the chunks of oreos in it made it even more badass.  My husband had a Mantecado (daleeee) and was in heaven.  I had a couple of licks from his cone (yeah, yeah, pervs!), and must say that Mantecado was hardcore!  Really good stuff!This place is pretty much family owned from what I can see, as there were 3 teenagers basically running it.  The boy that was serving up the ice cream was quite personable and funny - I saw pictures of him all over the walls (a much younger him) so I'm assuming he's part of la familia. And I love the location! It's in the heart of Little Havana right across from Domino Park and Tower Theatre - I was even able to squeeze in a little history lesson with our walk to the Jose Marti memorial for my little one (she's two, but she's just a genius) to edumacate her inner Cubana (Papi is Puerto Rican, boooooo!).So yeah, come here.  Have ice cream.  Check out La Casa de los Trucos down the street.  Werd.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,11/22/2013,437,438,5,11,8>Have a craving for meat? Look no further. My mom and I wanted to grab dinner somewhere in the area that we hadn't been to before, so we decided on Area Code 55. We probably should have starved ourselves for a few days before coming because this is the kind of place where you need to be able to store food for the winter. They don't even have to-go boxes in the restaurant. It's $30 for an all-you-can-eat dinner with salad bar and various kinds of meat. The salad bar doesn't offer as many options as Texas de Brazil, but the dinner price is also a lot less....and who comes here for the salad bar anyway? It's all about the meat, and oh boy, it was delicious! The flank steak, parmesan crusted pork loin, and filet mignon were my favorites. The picanha was delicious as well. The meat was tender and flavorful. There were only a few cuts that we didn't care for, but they keep bringing more meat around, so skip the one you didn't like and have seconds of the one you did! Service is friendly, fast, and flirty. All of the gentleman that came to our table were so charming! I'd definitely come back, but I'll plan ahead so I can make sure I'm coming when I'm starving!
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,11/21/2013,620,350,8,12,9>Finally, private room karaoke comes to Miami! Being a huge fan of this concept I discovered in New York's Koreatown, my introverted little heart fluttered when I heard about Sing Sing. Immediately, I rounded a group of friends and we headed to an already buzzing Washington Avenue on a Saturday night. Room rates are very reasonable and for South Beach, it's a value. It warms my heart that a private karaoke spot keeps true to it's roots by keeping its prices low. It's hard to beat $8/per person per hour for a really fun night.Where Sing Sing differs from your typical private karaoke spot is in its lack of BYOB-ness. Keep that in mind, however, you'll have a server assigned to your room to come and take drink orders and bring them back to you.I had heard that you could bring your own food - check to make sure that it's still the case.Pros- Great song selection- Happy hour prices- Great service- Variety of different sized rooms- Option to do karaoke in a public areaProtip- If you score over 98 in the public area, you get a free drink! (Yes, their software comes equipped with a scoring system, for both public and private rooms)Sing Sing - get some fun instruments - maybe some cowbells or hand bells or something to get everyone more into it. Saw this in NYC and it was really fun.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,11/20/2013,199,70,4,5,6>Lan where have you been all my life?? Oh that's right! In a big-box mini-mall behind Dadeland. I went here a bunch when they first opened but then I moved a bit further west and soon found my Asian food fix elsewhere. After suffering long disappointments, I knew that I had to return. This review covers only the cooked portion of their menu as I haven't had their sushi in a long time and was never blown away by it. Tonight we returned after an hour long pre-dinner indecision battle involving pretty much every restaurant in Kendall. Thankfully the man and I settled on Lan. He ordered the Mango Snow smoothie which was tropical ecstasy in our mouths. For dinner we shared the "7 flavored" scallops and the vegetable red  curry with tofu. The flavours were perfectly balanced and the curry had a wonderful mixture of vegetables beyond the typical peppers. The scallops were pure perfection. Buttery and delicate with a sauce that packed a magical punch with all the right flavours. The service was on point, food came out fast, and we were beyond satiated. This dinner was just what the Dr. ordered. I will now retire to the couch in Al Bundy fashion. Thank you and good night.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,5/25/2010,229,492,6,9,10>Earlier this week, a coworker of mine said to me "Have you gone back to People's? Ugh! Yuck! That chicken was terrible!" So it kind of caught me off guard because that's the complete opposite of how I remembered it. I told myself I must go back this week to make sure I wasn't dreaming before. I told my friend (the one that first brought me to People's) that we had to go asap.Then yesterday I got a message from Kristen H. about People's BBQ and I'm one of those people that if you mention a place, I've got to go in the next few days or else I keep thinking about it. It was a sign that the time was now!Anyways, today was the big day. I ventured out to the sketchy area where People's happens to be and was welcomed by the staff there. We decided to get it to-go, which took about 20 minutes because of the huge amount of people waiting for food too. I decided to try some new items, since I usually stick with the mac n cheese, lima beans, and grilled cheese and am so glad I was feeling risky today.I have been to a bunch of Southern places since the last time I came here, so I felt like I had more experiences to compare now (Smoke T, Mama's in NY, Mamie's Spoonbread also in NY). The mac and cheese was just as good as I remember, bright yellow and cheesy goodness. The grilled cheese was a bit too greasy soaking through the bag but tasted just as amazing as always. The tuna macaroni salad that I tried for the first time had the right amount of paprika, celery, and whatever secret sauce they use to make it the perfect level of creamy tartness. The candied yams were even better than any of the ones I've had on Thanksgiving. And the sweet tea? Well I've been savoring every drop and rationing out whats left of it as I type these words. It is beyond sweet, which made me wonder, is this sweeter than a can of Coke?, probably. But oh so worth it all. P.S. got a to-go menu for next time to call ahead to order. It will cut some of the wait-time and get me enjoying the food so much faster.People's continues to reign the title of "Best BBQ in Miami and more" atleast in my book it does. I haven't had better yet.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,5/24/2010,723,1088,6,12,10>Let's begin with the basic and obvious .... It's a burger - That said, I get hit occasionally with the uncontrollable craving to have a good burger - Herein lies the beauty of this place, and mind you these four stars is because this place works for me. Why ? you would ask, well... for starters it is close and convenient. Additionally, the parking is convenient and it is pretty fast. Service ? It's OK, but I really don't come here expecting to be served, you wait a few minutes in line, place your order, wait a few more minutes and your order is ready for pick up at the counter. But here is the best part .... no need to order a fancy burger, just a good old burger cooked as requested and then step over to the ingredients counter - and here my friends is where it gets better - Its a smorgasbord of ingredients, for a burger I mean, but I like to be in control of what and how much goes on my plate - So plenty of onions, some tomatoes, a pile of jalapenos, topped with a scoop of pico de gallo sauce - and here it is - The best burger in the world prepared by moi ! Stay away from the sweets...not worth the extra calories.... Burger and fries and I feel better already.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,5/23/2010,35,249,5,14,9>Sudsies combines everything you love about drycleaning with everything you love about Netflix.  My shirts are returned clean, crisp and pressed to perfection, all without me having to make any extra trip out of my apartment, a plus in this parking-hostile town.  I simply drop off the dirty ones in a drop box, and few days later they are returned with new life breathed into them.  Amazing.  Wondering why this hasn't caught on sooner.  Sure, a few kinks to work out in the beginning, but after Sudsies, it is difficult to imagine having to take time out during the day, leave work, just so drycleaning can be dropped off/picked up.  I love Sudsies!
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,5/20/2010,529,642,5,9,7>I'd been wanting to come here, but I couldn't get my co-worker friend and lunch partner to go. Finally, she had a sick day today, so I immediately knew I'd be coming here. I weaseled my way out of the office a little early before noon to avoid a possible lunchtime rush. Upon arriving, I immediately clocked the red Yelp sticker on the door as if it was some kind of Inukshuk guiding me as to the whereabouts of a kick-ass lunch. I followed the sticker, crossed the threshold and entered a green world of quirky decor and friendly service. Since I was out alone and in full-on Yelp review mode, I wanted to order at least a couple items from the slightly overwhelming menu so that I'd get a pretty good feel for the place. Eventually I settled on the chicken sandwich, and green lentil soup. I also ordered a rather appealing-looking special drink made of carrot and ginger. I believe it was called the Bouncing Bunny, or something to that effect. Yes, owing to my love of both carrots and ginger, I ordered a Bouncing Bunny.....probably the most twee-sounding food item I've ever ordered. It was slightly embarrassing, but as I said, carrots and ginger make me drool in anticipation. The "Bunny" didn't disappoint. It was definitely quite orange, and very strong with ginger, which I appreciate - with me it's not possible to be too gingery. I thought the green lentil soup was outstanding - a rather hearty soup packed with lentils, sweet potato (I believe) and other assorted veggies. It was very low in sodium, and tasted homemade. The chicken sandwich had an odd chewy, thick consistency to it, but I wasn't complaining as it too was excellent. The chicken, while a little dry, tasted very fresh. Loved the red peppers too, and the pesto that was used as the spread added a lot of flinty basil flavor. I didn't try dessert, as I was pretty full by this point. Plus, I'd already spent $20. This can get a little pricey, but next time I come I won't feel the need to order so much - the sandwich alone probably would have been enough for lunch, or possibly even just the soup. Also of note are the vegan menu options......I'll try a vegan dish in the future. I'm not vegan, but trust me, I have no problem eating vegan food. Overall, I'm impressed - once again, eating here, I thought I was in Boulder or San Francisco.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,5/19/2010,352,828,5,8,6>The Forge re-opened in April 2010 so I was anxious to check out the new menu as well as the Enomatic Wine Dispensers in the bar. As we were waiting for our party to arrive, the W and I sat at the bar. The first thing I noticed were the Enomatic Wine Dispensers that allow you to sample a lineup of 72 different wines. The friendly bartender set us up with a Wine Dispenser card and before I knew, the W was off for her private demo on using the self serve wine dispensers. The self-service Enomatic Dispensers allow you to select 1 oz, 3 oz or 5 oz glasses of wine. There are shelves of wine glasses which make it easy for you easily move to your second or third glass of wine. There is even are a number of Apple iTouches with the Forge Wine Application providing you with a description of the wine. Meanwhile, I chilled at the bar and sampled one of their 8 draft beers. When our party arrived, our hostess found us at the bar and came to seat us. The waiter explained that they could serve us 5 oz wines form the Dispensers or were were free to get up and get our own from the Dispensers with the Wine Card. The W and I started that night with the Cesar Salad and it went well with the very large basket of bread. We followed it with Cheese and Bread for Two and the Porcini Seared Driver Sea Scallops (delicious).  I sampled a Lobster Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich from a member of my party (one of the most unusual appetizers I have ever had). For a main course, the 3 Mushroom Risotto (best dish that night), the Bone In Fillet (very tender) and Duck Fries (just okay). For dessert, our party shared a Smores Souffle. After dinner, we migrated to the Library with the stained glass and boxes which is the part of the Old Forge I remember. As we were hanging out the library, we were asked of we wanted a tour of their wine cellar and private dining room. Shortly thereafter, we were walking amidst 300K bottles of wines; an office desk centuries old once owned by Napolean; a gated wine cellar that contains a $160K bottle of wine and a very private dining room that was simply museum like.  A very nice dining experience with some great friends! There is valet parking and free street parking since the meters in this section of Miami beach ends at 6pm.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,5/18/2010,223,72,7,12,10>I'm thrilled to have a new dining and drinking option in the pizza/sushi wasteland that is Washington - and there's a lot going on at here at Vinyl & Kai.Walk into the bar/restaurant and the first thing you notice are bright red walls dominated by huge album covers (Marilyn Manson? really?)  and ginormous projection screens (will be perfect for some March Madness). Continuing with the music theme there's a loft for a live band. No DJ or band this particular night, but I did find the music pumping through the sound system, as well as the spotty service, surprisingly generic South Beach - sigh.The menu is a sprawling eclectic mix of deliciousness and great for sharing. We stopped in for a quick bite and only sampled the pulled pork sliders (yummy) and the Mac 'n' Cheese (possibly the best I've ever had) but I'm looking forward to coming back and trying the flatbread pizzas, the rack of lamb and the grilled mahi-mahi sandwich. Vinyl & Kai also has a great happy hour - half price apps and drinks M-F 4-7, giving you plenty of time to sample the range of beers and some very unique cocktails - Jalapeno Margarita anyone?
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,5/17/2010,244,213,6,10,10>I didn't know this and you might not know either but Splitsville is open for lunch on Fridays! That's right, you can either take a lunch break and bowl or enjoy their tasty food. I went to lunch recently with my friend and we opted for the Magarita Pizza. The staff was very nice and very attentive, and right before my friend and I decided to order a pizza each thinking it was a personal size pizza our waitress stopped us in our tracks explaining it was about 8 slices and fairly big, my friend and I looked at each other and decided to share. Thank you WAITRESS! It was just the perfect size for us and we ate every last bite, thin wheat crust with just the perfect amount of cheese and fresh tomatoes, only thing I could have used was less sauce and a little more basil, but over all it was very tasty.Last Friday we decided to try the sushi. My friend and I decided on something light, the Cucumber Kani Su -- It's a cucumber peel wrapped around crab and I'm not sure what else with a light sauce to die for, so fresh and refreshing, that I think I'll go back for more. Very Delish :) We also had a small Seaweed salad that was also very Delish! Thank you Laz for an exceptional experience. (Sushi Chef)And our waitress was very sweet and on top of things. Great lunch with great people! Thank you Splitsville!xokristin nicole
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,5/16/2010,202,177,8,8,8>Randomly went here for lunch today after our original destination was just TOO packed, this place on the other hand was COMPLETELY empty so I was thinking "uh ohhh.." BUT OH MY GOOOOOODDDNNESSS was I pleasantly surprised!! Fresh (REAL) roses on EVERY table, cute inside decor friendly staff and the food... ohh the food was so good. Its a Latin style type bbq (which I have no idea what that means) but they did have unconventional sides for a bbq place (Latin sides). And although I think it would have been MORE perfect if I had some honey baked beans or something with my sandwich but I had fries and I guess I should have asked to switch it out for beans but I don't know what kind they were. Anyways I had the pulled pork sandwich and my friend had the pulled beef sandwich and there was just no comparison between the two. GET THE PULLED PORK!! ohh I boxed my leftovers and am seriously looking forward to eating them later tonight in a drunken stooper hahaa . So in ending this little hidden gem has a gross looking sign but if you actually pull in you will be charmed and then delighted with what you get (and the prices give you something to smile about as well)
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,5/15/2010,620,350,7,9,8>What more do you want out of an auto center other than good-natured, honest, and knowledgeable staff?Whenever something goes wrong with my car, I can't help but think, "great, time to get swindled." The Plaza Tire & Auto Center was a great discovery. I feel like my car is getting looked at by true experts who really enjoy what they do. They will go into length as to what they feel is wrong with you car, and what they feel is reasonable to charge for the fix. And it usually is fairly reasonable.Other places need to take note - car owners just want someone they can trust. Be that person and you'll always have their loyalty.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,5/14/2010,279,273,3,13,7>Before I begin to write my review for the brunch at Setai, I have to make it clear that I do not think my words can come anywhere close to accurately describing just how wonderful my experience was.I was there yesterday from noon until well after four chatting with friends who were in town from NYC. Not only is the food absolutely delicious, but the vibe is so warm & cozy we didn't want to leave. The live music was perfect. The female singer has such a beautiful voice that she made it even more difficult for us end our brunch.The brunch, albeit pricey, includes unlimited champagne, bellinis and bloody marys. The brunch buffet was HUGE! There were so many options I had trouble putting anything on my plate for a good fifteen minutes. They have the usual omelet station, but in addition to that there's everything Thai food and sliders to five different types of sausage! The interesting part is that the food at the Setai didn't taste like the usual grub you get at buffets. Each and every thing I tried tasted like it was a la carte.I would absolutely recommend the Setai brunch to anyone looking for a deliciously satisfying brunch and isn't afraid of paying a little more to get it. The dessert station alone is well-worth the price!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,9/2/2012,250,256,6,11,8>My, My Meatball!The people of the Cafe & Books & Books can do no wrong in my eyes (and tummy), so I was eager to check out this fresh new local spot when I saw its sign up.I stopped by last Saturday night with my dining partner, shortly after their initial opening. The place was busy but there was a table for two available right by the window, and down we sat. Yes, it's a small restaurant, but square feet are pricey in south beach. There's enough room so just find a spot at a table or the bar.The menu is simple: choose your balls, style, and sauce. We tasted all three sauces before choosing the drunken mushroom and marinara. The aflredo was delicious too, but a little salty/heavy for my current craving. Our solo style balls came out from the kitchen quickly along with the veggies and sweet potato fries we ordered. Being a vegetarian I was excited to try these eggplant "meatballs" and my excitement only grew after tasting them. I will certainly be back and might have the exact same thing! The drunken mushroom sauce paired really well with the eggplant balls and the garlic bread on the side was perfectly crispy on the outside with a buttery texture as you bit in. The sweet potato fries were light and crispy, but the veggies missed the mark a bit. I'll try the greens next time instead.A note on service: so friendly and accommodating, like all their sister restaurants. Bottom Line: The Meatball Joint serves up delicious food at a great value; it's the best new restaurant in sobe, 2012.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,9/1/2012,321,445,5,7,8>Just darling! Kitschy, with tons of personality, and best of all, great personable service and DELICIOUS German (Bavarian) food!Some people confuse cheesy with kitschy. Allow me to enlighten you: cheesy is best described as a bizarre mix of not enough effort, quality and purpose put in, yet trying to pass for something that it is not. THAT is NOT what Schnitzel House is. Simply and reasonably put, not all restaurant décor has to resemble that of a Japanese spa, especially if we're talking about a German restaurant. The colors, the golden accents, the sky-like ceiling, the flowers and the piano whisper how you should feel when you're here. They say: "Live a little. You can't afford a luxurious trip to Europe, but that's no reason not to pretend you're not in Florida."Trust me: you could drive by this place forever and never even know it's there, because it doesn't have an impressive appearance from the outside; but once you're inside, it wraps you in, and once you eat, you'll be shopping for a treadmill on eBay from your iPhone before you can say, "Danke, Carla, you ruined my waistline master plan." Oh, shut up, Mary! You know that Speedo has to go anyway.The atmosphere is cozy, intimate and speak-easy. You can meet with a friend and do that lovely and long overdue catch up; or have a first date if Mister Maybe showed no signs of an I.Q. of 60. You can dine inside, but if Miami temperature allows, try the enchanting outdoors seating area in the back! They also have a bar outside as well as indoors, and the draught beer I had was absolutely perfect. Had I not eaten as much as i did, I would've had a second beer.The owner's name is Alex, and he's a people pleaser -- that kind of owner who gets all excited when you ask him to recommend something from the menu. Very personable and knows what to suggest. I always find it rewarding when I visit a restaurant whose owner is proud and excited about.But what am I doing?! Let's talk about my self-inflicted food coma!They have a strange sounding yet seductive appetizer, the Honey Garlic Brie. Now, true: I went with my gayer-than-a-Macy's-Day-Parade friend, so impeccable breath was not an issue for me -- and yay for that! If you're not planning to kiss someone for the first or 10th time ever, and you're a fan of cheese and garlic, please order this appetizer. It's your typically baked brie, only sprinkled with roasted garlic bits and bathed in silky honey. Smother a portion of that on the complimentary warm rolls your server brings you, and you'll be in heaven. As enticing as the Potato Pancakes sounded, as an entrée I was really inclined towards the Wiener Schnitzel -- stop smiling -- which is none other than breaded top round veal cutlet goodness. Warning, though: the Wiener Schnitzel is huge and meant to be shared -- and that wasn't a Hallmark-friendly line, at all. No, seriously now, I also tried my friend's Chicken Schnitzel, and they both had in common that, although they were breaded, they were not oily, which leads me to assume they were baked. Just perfect!Portions for entrées here are very generous, so you may wind up having German for lunch the next day. I really try but always manage to sound dirty on this review. My fakest apologies.Ah, Spätzle...!  It's pasta's tiny cousin, and better than mashed potatoes as a side dish for your Schnitzel. It had a little bit of parsley and just such a wonderful texture. If you haven't tried it, trust me: if you like pasta, you will like it.You'd think after eating like this AND having beer, a girl would have a conscience heavy enough to kill her feet...! Well, I wasn't wearing high heels.  ;-)   'Homemade Apple Strudel served with Real Whipped Cream' would be the official name of the perfect sweet ender to such a meal, and you should definitely make space for it, too.In short, great food, warm atmosphere and friendly service fits everybody's idea of a great time. German food is such a rarity, particularly in South Florida, and Schnitzel Haus didn't make it to the local Channel 2's food show "Check Please South Florida" for being nothing short of noteworthy:  youtu.be/l4Qqu-600rc   Do yourself a favor and swing by!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,8/31/2012,57,52,4,8,4>Hands down the best Italian restaurant I've visited in years. The service is top notch and the food is phenomenal.For some reason I expected the place to be more casual, so I was a little surprised when I walked in. It's not quite a white tablecloth restaurant, but a little more formal than I anticipated. It's quiet and cozy; a great neighborhood spot and a good place to bring a date. The waitstaff is prompt and courteous, and calling them attentive is an understatement.The food is, simply put, fantastic. We ordered the Burrata Bruschetta as an appetizer, which was a great choice. The Salmone Alla Sammy's was perfectly cooked and as savory as any I've ever had. My friend ordered one of the chef's suggestions, linguine with lobster, clams, and shrimp, which was beyond delicious as well. I'm not really much of a dessert person, but given the quality of the food we had eaten so far, we decided to end the meal with an Apple Tart Alla Gelato and the Fragole Savaglione, both of which were stupendous. A cappuccino followed, also very good.I really tried to find something negative to say about this place, but I can't. This place is the real deal; none of those so-called Italian chain restaurants come close. Sure, they may not have unlimited breadsticks, but what they do have is authentic italian fare exquisitely prepared, which trumps breadsticks any day.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,8/30/2012,97,97,7,7,9>I'm always surprised at the quality and diversity of restaurants we can find right in our own backyard, but you do have to look around. That was the overall feeling that I was left with when I left Marumi Sushi. Satisfied, and with a smile across my face, thinking how cool it is to find an authentic Izakaya-style place, that's bursting with activity, and full of great choices to try. Marumi Sushi is a special place I must say. They embrace the Izakaya concept fully as a place to meet with family and friends, to have a good time, maybe a couple of beers and some yummy food. And yummy it is indeed. We sat at the bar in front of the chef who was in a whirlwind, expediting dishes left and right, rapidly getting orders from the waitresses and all while not showing any stress, calm like a hindu cow. :) Like a boss. We ordered the crispy bok-choy, the lotus root, the salmon basil roll, a rainbow roll and some shrimp shumai. I must say, the lotus root, the bok choy and the rainbow roll were stunning. You could really taste the quality and love put into these simple dishes. The garlicky-ness and crispiness of the box choy, the tartness of the lotus, and the freshness of the rice and fish. All excellent.Now, lemme tell you about the salmon basil roll. For some reason it took me a while to get used to it....basil...it's just so italian, and...olive oil? sushi? AHH! It was a bit of a clash of cuisines, but as I got more into it I suddenly got it. I liked it, but it wasn't what I expected at all. The shumai were just OK. Looking at other reviewers, I think I have to agree.I would say it's not their forte.The service was great, and it was fun sitting at the bar, even though a little tight on the space but overall good. We might try the tables if there's one available next time, and yes, there will be a next time. Hopefully many. I can't wait to dig in more into what makes Marumi be Marumi. Recommended.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,8/29/2012,86,41,6,12,5>Ah, Samurai, how deserving you really are of my first Yelp review. Home of the most delicious Japanese fried rice and chicken in Miami, Samurai has easily been one of Pinecrest's most popular restaurants for over a decade. I've been an avid Samurai fan since I discovered it as a wee lad. Destroyed by Hurricane Andrew in 1992, Samurai was gloriously reborn again a mere few years later. (Also, fun fact, the interior was renovated in late 2011, including the addition of a neat indoor waterfall and an outside seating section.)I recommend going before 3:30 on Monday through Friday for the lunch special, the prices range around $9 - $13 for a meal that includes the following: vegetables, soup/salad, fried rice, Hibachi chicken/steak/shrimp/, mushrooms and a theatrical performance from the cook that often involves a twirling knife show or creating a beating heart made of fried rice. The pink sauce (which is technically called the shrimp sauce) deserves its own honorable mention. I can put this amazing sauce on the most vile food and it will still taste delicious. Ask for seconds. Don't forget to ask about the free green tea at the end! Totally worth it and great for anxiety. My only complaint is that you WILL leave the restaurant smelling like fried rice (although a small price to pay for such a grand meal). Parking can also be a bit of a problem if you're there on a holiday due to its small lot and popularity. Wait time's usually around 15-30 minutes.  I've converted at least a dozen Samurai newbies into major fans and not ONE has complained about the food, ever.  I'll always and forever have a place for Samurai in my faux Japanese heart. (P.S Ask to sign up for the Chef's Table! It's free. You'll get a $30 certificate e-mailed to you on the month of your birthday. W00t!)
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,8/28/2012,131,173,4,4,5>Oh, Bagel Emporium. How you made many a morning brighter back in my college days. This place has all your typical deli options-- fresh bagels and breads-- plus loads of breakfast and lunch options. There's plenty of seating, but expect a short wait if you're trying to get in during the peak morning hours Friday- Sunday. The early mornings are full of upstanding Coral Gables residents... and then the rest of the day it's filled with hungover UM students who act as though they haven't seen a glass of water or a hot meal in weeks. The service is usually relatively quick, but I've had to sit and wait longer than I've liked on days when they're swamped. All of the people who work there seem like they've been there forever and know the menu inside and out. I'd say the average breakfast dish (eggs/meat/side) runs about $7-9. The average lunch (i.e. delicious sandwiches on bagels) are more like $9-11 each. They're really helpful about splitting the check, but you pay at the front so make sure you don't forget to tip your server! They also have really awesome looking cookies that I'm always too full to try!!
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,8/27/2012,323,315,14,19,16>Can you handle the heat?       No I cannot.  I am pretty spicy intolerant, which is quite unfortunate considering my penchant for Asian cuisine.  I want flavor, but I really don't enjoy a meal that 's so hot my mouth is on fire throughout the entire dining experience.  Accordingly, I take Indian restaurant recommendations with a grain of salt, accepting that someone else's nirvana might be way too much for me.  I've also had those experiences where they claim it's mild, only for me to still find it unseasonably excruciating.  After hearing the accolades from several people about Bombay Darbar, I decided to give it a shot.          My friend and I sauntered in around 8 on a Monday night and although we hadn't made reservations, they didn't seem to have a problem seating us at one of their remaining tables (even during the week it was pretty full).  Tucked towards the end of the street bearing Moe's and George's, the restaurant itself was comfortable and charming.  There was several tables outside as well if you wanted to soak up the Grove atmosphere and people watch.  Flipping through the menu I was torn between several tantalizing choices, and I immediately warmed to their rating system that informed me most dishes could be served anywhere from mild to super hot.  Perfect since usually I tend to dine with partners that can't ever seem to get enough spicy!         We started with some vegetable samosas for the table, and I got a mango lassi to drink.  Thick, creamy ,and fruity, the lassi was completely refreshing and provided a phenomenal balance for the dishes to come.   My dining partner went with a glass of white wine that she was very happy with as well.  Before the appetizer had even arrived, we were served some crunchy, paper-thin papadum along with some dipping sauces, in lieu of your standard bread basket.  The red (some kind of tomato chutney) sauce, had onions and small diced bits of tomato like a salsa.   It was totally addictive, tangy and delicious.  We were also given a green sauce, which was good, but a bit too spicy for my wimpy palate.  When our samosas arrived with some kind of a sweet plum dipping sauce we dug right in.  The huge samosas came two to a plate, and were massive crispy pockets chock full of seasoned potatoes and peas.  They weren't anything particularly noteworthy or original, but they were a well-made classic Indian staple.        For the entrees I went with the Shrimp Malai Curry (and yes I did get it a mild zero star rating on the spiciness), whilst my dining partner choose the Shrimp Tandori.  For the table we were given a miniature silver tureen of basmati rice and they weren't stingy with bringing us more when we wolfed down the first bowl.  My Malai Curry (shrimp cooked in onion and creamy cashew nut based sauce) may not have been extremely spicy but it was definitely full of spiced flavor.  The thick and creamy sauce was aromatic and delicious, with the rice working to sop up the rich liquid, and the tender shrimp adding a nice break from the seemingly endless supply of curry.  The Tandori Shrimp (which were marinated in yogurt, garlic and spices and then cooked in clay oven) were giant, fresh shrimp rubbed with lots of herbs and served on a sizzling skillet.  You could definitely taste a bit of smoky flavor from the clay oven.  While the portions might have appeared meager initially, we definitely were more than stuffed by the end, with absolutely no possible room for any of their desserts.   Our service was impeccable and I can't wait to return to try more from their menu.  Some of the best Indian food I've found anywhere in Miami!
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,8/26/2012,836,552,7,10,7>I am in love with brunch all over again.  How could you not be when they offer Bottomless Mimosas (or Bloody Marys) for $15.00 until 3pm.Inside seating might take long, this place was pretty busy this past Sunday so we sat outside.  It was a very hot day but thankfully they have ceiling fans and a big floor fan which made it a little bit tolerable.  Add the Mimosas and you can stay there for hours. Their food menu has a lot to offer.  Usually I go for the Eggs Benedict but this time decided to try the French Toasts.  Two big pieces, with fresh strawberries and blueberries, and whipped cream on top.  The French Toasts have so much flavor I did not need the maple syrup that comes with it (on the side).  The plate also comes with sausages - not greasy, which was a good thing, and some type of mashed potatoes (not a fan of them).  Make sure you keep an eye on your server, if it's crowded you might be left with and empty glass at some point, even more if it's close to 3 when they stop the bottomless service.  Other than that, service was great, and friendly,  After we were cut off the mimosas we noticed they have a section on their menu for beer cocktails.  The Beer Brewjitos are amazing, and so refreshing!  You must try it!  The other one I liked was the 42 Kisses, it tastes like strawberries and cream in a glass.  I usually don't like sweet drinks bit this is definitely an exception.I will definitely be returning.  God food, drinks, and people watching...  Including Denis Rodman on this particular day.  LOL!!!  Interesting/ Fun brunch!!
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,8/25/2012,133,114,9,11,8>What does one imagine Miami smells like?  Most of us who live here know it smells like a lot of things. But the Miami of my dreams and the Miami of my stories that I tell to friends in far-away places smells like the ocean, covered in the juice of a fried pork chop, dipped in cocoa butter and floated in a cloud of cigar smoke.Cigar smoking seems so cool to me. Some guys are pretty hot when they light up. Heck, some women are, too. I've always liked the idea of being a cigar smoker.Sadly, I have no idea what the hell I am doing, and I turn pretty shy at the thought of buying and smoking one. Mostly, I don't want to look stupid.The discovery of the Little Havana Cigar Factory has given me courage, confidence, and a new desire to explore this hobby. (yes, I still sing. Pavarotti loved to smoke.)The "factory" is well-appointed, inviting and, apparently, well stocked with a wide selection of smokes. (both inexpensive, and splurge-worthy). I was tempted to pretend I knew a lot about smoking but, on the day I went in, I swallowed my pride (thanks, Guillermo F. for the vote of confidence) and say "I have no idea what I am doing, but I would like to know more."What's more, the place is located in Little Havana (next to the best ice cream in town). The gentleman manning the store day put me right at ease. He took us to a good "beginner" smoke...brought them to the counter for us, snipped and clipped, and set it on fire. It took five minutes, and I no longer felt like a beginner.An hour later (that's how long this sucka burned), I felt like I had found a new interest, filled with Miami realness, that I couldn't wait to explore.I felt like a young, impressionable White House intern, deflowered by a cigar and a rush of power.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,8/24/2012,50,156,3,5,5>This is definitely one of the best restaurants in Broward County, and a real standout in an area mostly dominated by...well, mediocre dining. They have a very creative use of farm fresh and organic ingredients and know how to use them. First things first, they have a GREAT happy hour from 5-7 offering half priced appetizers and drinks. Their drinks are some of the most creative in town; I had the Avotini, which was a cucumber vodka based drink mixed with ginger, pineapple, agave nectar, and,you guessed it, avocado, and is a must order if you are into these types of flavors. On the day that I visited, they had two different salads that had some of the freshest greens and vegetables you can find, and definitely showcased their philosophy. I wish I could say the same for their bread service, which was of decent quality, but unremarkable, although the chickpea spread they served it with was a nice touch. Food- Their entrees are thoughtfully offered in small and large portions, with the small portions allowing you to assemble a meal of as many or few courses as you would like. We had the small portions of grouper, duck, and lobster, and all were cooked as perfectly as they could be, and the accompaniments were thoughtful. For the first course, the lobster had just the perfect amount of butter, and the mild sweetness of the meyer lemon came right through. It was served with a fantastic bacon corn risotto that paired perfectly, and perfectly cooked fresh peas. Second up was the grouper, which was extremely fresh and perfectly cooked, but the dish was so heavy on olive tapenade that I felt it overpowered some of the other delicate flavors, like the eggplant sauce and small piece of flavor falafel. This was good, but could of been much better with just a drizzle of the tapenade. The duck breast was perfectly cooked, and the confit was an amazing associate to the farro and carmelized onions. All vegetables served with the dish were cooked perfectly and mildly flavored, really helping to balance out the richness of the duck. I didn't make it to dessert, but I will next time! Service- Service was very knowledgeable and attentive, without being one bit overbearing. This is one of the VERY few South Florida restaurants in which I can say that the service is on pair with the price point. Atmosphere- Sort of like a J.W Marriott: very refined, almost too refined. It is comfortable with a thoughtful level of lighting, but not very intimate and comes off as a little sterile. Very nice overall, though.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,10/24/2012,944,946,9,17,14>As far as Mexican restaurants on South Beach go, Alma Mexicana is at, or at least near, the top.  We all know it's incredibly hard to find good Mexican in Miami, let alone on South Beach.  Out of the plethora of options, Alma Mexicana delivers on taste and price.We wandered in on a Sunday afternoon, and were hard-pressed not to order everything on the menu.  Despite the fact that there were only 2 of us, we ordered chips and guac to start, a carnitas burrito, tacos al pastor, and a breakfast burrito with chorizo (they serve breakfast all day).  Everything came out super-fast, and our table was soon overflowing with yummy eats.  The burrito was huge and stuffed to the gills with rice, beans, carnitas and other fixings.  It could have used a little sour cream (or more if there was any in there at all).  A few dabs of hot sauce, and it was ready to go.  The tacos al pastor were also overflowing with seasoned pork - half of the meat fell out while eating them!  The chorizo breakfast burrito was also huge, but perfectly blended eggs, cheese and the sausage.  Although, again, hot sauce was needed, as this chorizo was not at all spicy.  The guacamole was tasty and fresh as well.Overall, Alma Mexicana really delivered on the fast-casual Mexican food front.  The fact that they have breakfast burritos and serve them all day definitely earns them bonus points.  If only they also served up breakfast tacos, I'd be in heaven!  The prices are quite reasonable (everything we ordered, with 2 drinks came out to $30).  And for us SoBe residents, they deliver!  What's not to love?
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,10/23/2012,374,258,10,17,14>I feel like this review should be written in the form of a love letter...as I can finally say I have tried the best restaurant in Kendall.  It's also probably among the top in all of Miami.For many, many months I've been hearing about this place...everyone raving about it, telling me incredible things,etc. But it wasn't until The Yelp Jet Set Fete, where I got to try a little taste of this wonderful restaurant, that I got the final push I needed to actually make it there.First off, it's kind of strange to see such a beautiful little establishment out in my neck of the woods (or as some of my friends call it, East Naples). When you walk in, you immediately feel cozy and welcome. I've never been to Napa but I can definitely feel a hint of it in here.  The gorgeous little bar and wine barrels on the wall caught my eye before anything else did.  The service here was beyond attentive.  Our waiter was excited to tell us about the menu, the drinks, etc. He kept our glasses full and our meal running smoothly from one course to the next.  Our food was, as I mentioned before, some of the best stuff I've eaten in Miami.  Even the bread and pesto were a notch above the rest.  Our entrees, the Wild Alaskan Salmon and the Free Range Chicken Breast, were beautifully presented and tasted like heaven. I thought to myself "THIS is what chicken should taste like. ALWAYS."  So fresh and flavorful.  The highlight of our experience, though, was our "appetizer" (which I put in quotations because this could easily have been my meal, I was already full by the time we'd finish our starter).  Sweet Corn Tamalito topped with perfectly grilled shrimp. I dare you to find a better tasting shrimp than this one, I don't think it can be done! The dish reminded me of one of my favorite childhood foods, the venezuelan cachapa- but new and improved with some more life added to it!Chef Adrianne, you are damn good at what you do.  Don't. Ever. Stop.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,10/22/2012,763,459,7,11,8>I went to the medspa last week for Isolaz, which I frequently need as I have random breakouts and need those under control. One I got one on my lip, I decided I was in urgent need of ANOTHER facial. I absolutely cannot stand acne!I just booked for an Isolaz treatment but when I arrived this amazing esthetician told me that what I really needed was a deep cleansing facial (and that she would do some isolaz as well). I had one literally the week before but I trusted her and boy did she deliver!!!She did this clay mask that literally made my face feel like it was on fire but after 15 seconds it subsided. I was like "is it supposed to feel like this?!" She did a clay mask and their signature pumpkin mask. I think it hurt more so for me because I was in the sun that morning so my skin might have been a tiny bit sunburned so I recommend not being in the sun like 24 hours prior to getting anything done around the face. Anyways, immediately I could see real results. I got the glow back to my skin. My acne was gone. My pores looked sooooo beautiful!!!! Honestly, it usually takes me a few days to see full results but I saw mine immediately. She did some oxygen on my face, some masks, and some isolaz but it was exactly what my face needed.I honestly didn't even know that they offered facials but I guess they started doing them and thank heavens for that!
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,10/21/2012,43,119,4,6,5>After reading and hearing gleaming reviews about this place, my boo and I decided to check it out. While we're usually weary of tapas-style restaurants for their exorbitant prices and measly portions, we were pleasantly surprised by Rincon Escondio. Here's the rundown on what we ordered:Bombas de Queso (aka fried cheese balls) - These were amazing and come with an orange blossom sauce that gives it a sweet little kick.Gambas al Ajillo (aka garlic shrimp) - Do yourself a favor and order these tasteful suckers.Patatas Bravas (aka potatoes with spicy sauce) - I mean, doesn't the description already tell you how great this one is? Potatoes + spice = magic.Garbanzos Fritos (aka fried chickpeas) - I'm not typically a fan of this dish, but it was pretty darn good. The chickpeas are mixed in a red sauce with chorizo and vegetables. Calamares Fritos (aka fried calamari) - This comes with a garlic sauce (damn, do I love Spaniards affinity for garlic) and are crispy, crunchy and yummy.The complimentary bread was warm and toasty, but doesn't make or break the restaurant. They also gave us complimentary tapas which were tiny pieces of bread topped with a mayonnaise based salad, which included peas and carrots. The name totally escapes me, but it was pretty good.This place is quite literally a hole in the wall with about 6-7 tables inside and 2 outside. While we didn't make a reservation, I would suggest that you call ahead if you're dining with a large party.While the service was slow at times (a big party came in and just went HAM on the place), our servers were attentive and welcoming (and always kept the water coming, a biggie for me when I eat out).Can't speak to the parking, as I walked here, so I have no clue where you leave your car. The side street adjacent to the restaurant, I'm guessing?Anywho, will definitely come here again.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,10/20/2012,158,218,6,9,8>/ Miami Spice 2012 /Sometimes I forget what good customer service is all about. Honest to goodness, I'm shocked at the amazing job they did. From the maitre d', to the waiter, to the manager, each of them earned 5 stars individually in my book. Unbelievable, but true. So, my review starts at 15 stars. I setup reservations for 9:15 at night. I arrived about 9:20 (Cuban time). Life happens, you know, right? Well, right off the bat, we were offered glasses of wine. This is where the maitre d' earned her stars. She knew that they were running a little (understatement) late and she needed to keep us happy. Well, two glasses of wine later and 40 minutes of waiting, I'm still writing a 5 star review. It's the simple things to keep people happy that keep me happy. If this same situation was to occur and they didn't try to alleviate it, this review would be starting at 3 stars. Simple fix, and they earned my respect right up front.Since this review is Miami Spice focused, I will break it down as such. First off, my original hope was to have the Polenta and Meatball; unfortunately, they ran out of meatballs. / insert sad panda face here / I will need to deduct a star for that. I ended up having the Calamari tempura with spicy chili guava paste. Frankly, I wouldn't call it a paste as much as I would call it a sauce. It was good. I'm not usually a guava fan, but the chili made the difference of a sweet and spicy mixture. I ended up using some of the table bread, which was also soft and warm to finish off the rest of the paste/sauce. Next up, the Rockin Ravioli. The dish has 5 ravioli, I split it 3 with zucotti (sweet potato) and 2 short rib. I didn't think I would like the zucotti, but that was my big mistake; they were amazing! I found it to be a perfect balance. I kind of wish I would have not had the short rib ravioli and had all of the zucotti. Now I am wondering how the pear would have been. Maybe next time?Lastly, the Bomb. I'm not really sure how to review this. I'll start by saying, it wasn't amazing. It was good, but just that. It's a very airy cake. The chocolate was good, but meh. It felt as it was missing something. Maybe it needed to be larger or something on the side or... I don't know. This would have to be a long term personal quest to find the right combination to have this to my picky palate. I'm going to have to deduct a star from my review for this course. The manager even apologized after our meal for the wait and the lack of meatballs. Did he have to do this? No. Did he earn my respect by doing such a simple thing? Yes.This is a classic case of how good customer service can make up for problems that turn up. If they wouldn't have gone the extra mile, this would have easily been a 3 star review (maybe 4). When they ran a marathon to keep us happy, they earned every single star and then some.A few footnotes... their waiting area is pretty much a hallway. Not really ideal. There isn't much they can do about it either. There isn't any rearrangement they can do since their space is limited. Parking (and valet) and the entrance is in the back. If you've never been here, finding it is a little tricky. Make sure you get a reservation when possible. Maybe even plan 15-30 minutes earlier than your ideal time if it is a busy time you plan to eat.Bottom Line:  Their customer service was beyond exceptional.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,10/19/2012,234,191,5,5,6>Made my way down to Mlt after I had been craving a philly cheese steak all week. My boyfriend & I came in around 11 on a Saturday night, and there were only 2 other diners, so not as packed as I thougt it'd for Miami Beach on a Saturday night. I originally came in craving a cheese steak, but as soon as I saw chicken & waffles on the menu, my mind was officially changed. We ordered the pizza philly, chicken & waffles, truffle cheddar fries, and got the free truffle mac & cheese withna yelp check in. The counter service was great. I do have to admit that the $2 for a can of soda is a little ridiculous, but whatever. Everything is overpriced on the beach.The mac & cheese was good. Better than home made Kraft, but don't think I'd have a crazy craving for it any time soon. The chicken & waffles were great. It's a boneless piece of chicken fried to perfection on a waffle. It comes with maple syrup & maple gravy. Yes. Maple gravy. Sounds interesting enough. It's a good concept, but I don't think it was executed correctly. When I got it I had to stir it for a little to mix the gravy & the oil that had pooled on top. Even then, a little oil was on top & it didn't really taste as good as it did in my head. Made a good dipping sauce for the fries though. My boyfriend says the pizza philly was one if the best he's ever had. This kind gentleman didn't even offer me a bite, so it must've been great.Side note, they have an item called Mlt poutine on the menu. Didn't order it but I got legitimately excited until it said it was made with cheez whiz. Mlt, why did you play with my heart strings like that? Put some cheese curd on that & it's a deal.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,10/18/2012,37,58,2,9,6>I've been to Salumeria 104 five times in the past month and a half. Being a person who loves to try all kinds of restaurants and that my "places to try" list is always quite long, this is saying something. I usually want to try a new place to check it off the list, but Salumeria 104 is like my home away from home, if my home was an amazing little charcuterie counter with a great wine list and charming Italian waiters.Chef Angelo is fantastic, and is almost always in the restaurant. The service is great- you are greeted by no less than 3 servers when you arrive, can choose where you'd like to sit, and when you do, you are greeted with amazing bread and oil. It feels like you are dining at a friend's home, not a restaurant, it is that warm an inviting.Part of my frequent visits have everything to do with their promotion on Tuesdays- it is half off the wine list. That is an incredible deal, given their wines start at about $20 a bottle and can go up to $60. There's a 2006 Barolo that blows my mind, and at 1/2 off I may have to go here every Tuesday to simply drink it up until they have no more bottles. It is that good.My absolute standby is the Spaghetti alla Bottarga. Fresh, simple, and so good! They shave a generous amount of bottarga over the pasta, and somehow they manage to find tasty, ripe and perfect grape tomatoes (sometimes yellow, sometimes red). In Florida it is a feat to find ripe tomatoes, not mealy or tasteless. Having tried to recreate this dish at home with limited success, I must accept that Salumeria makes a better version than I ever will (they have showed me their bottarga and it's the finest you can buy). No matter, more visits for me!Their charcuterie is excellent- prosciutto, bresaole, salami. There's usually one sous chef dutifully stationed in front of the lamborghini grade of meat slicer. The cheese selection isn't extensive but it covers the basics- Cheese Course is next door if you really need your lactose fix.The rest of the menu is true Italian food- none of this "Sunday Sauce", Olive Garden nonsense. This is not a pizza and pasta type of Italian-American place. It is an authentic ITALIAN place. If you are looking for spaghetti and meatballs you won't find it here. If you are looking for pizza, you won't find it here (but there is a NY style pizza joint next door so I guess you could settle for that). If you are looking for amazing pasta, fresh salads, entrees and even very good desserts in a relaxing, casual atmosphere, this is your spot.Menu recommendations: Baby Octopus Salad, Grilled Endive and Prosciutto Salad, Spaghetti Alla Bottarga, Prosciutto/Ricotta/Mushroom Ravioli, Sirloin Steak with Arugula *cooked to perfection!, Cuttlefish Skewer, Porchetta.....you can't go wrong with anything on the menu, really.One word about Happy Hour- I've been here for "Happy Hour" as well and it isn't anything spectacular- there are certain wines by the glass for $5 or $6 but there isn't really a full menu of food or drinks like other restaurants. The waiters helpfully told me that Tuesday (50% off all wines) is a better deal overall than the "Happy Hour" wines, which I wholeheartedly agree with.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,10/17/2012,32,30,7,11,9>Oh Mimi and Hair Gods alike. Where have you been all my life? The lady's hands turn whatever she touches into Gold... or in my case has made it resemble it anyway, literally. For some time now I have been trying for someone to perfect my color or at the very least not leave it looking like I got slimed at a Nickelodeon fest just because I decided to lay out in the sun. I came to Mimi with extremely damaged goods. My hair had been mistreated, wrongly cut, drowned in chemicals and bad products, I was shedding like a sheep and no blowout did me justice anymore. My request to her was to "strip the color and make me blonde" to which she gave me (in her very soft and gentle voice) a firm "NO!". She said she could have me walk out of her salon looking like a princess for the night or with time turn me into a Queen for a lifetime. She said this was going to take time, that it was a process, that there was too much to repair and she would not contribute to the damage. Less is more was her suggestion, until my hair could handle more. I respected her honesty and her concern for my locks to one day look amazing again. But more than that I realized this is a woman who takes pride in her work and won't do anything half @$$ed, no matter who's paying. The results far exceeded my expectations and as tempted as I was to review her then, I knew I had to get the whole "Mimi experience" to do so. So I waited patiently for her to transform my hair into another one of her masterpieces. After having been there enough times to feel like family (and it doesn't take much with this amazing group of women) and constantly getting compliments of how beautiful and healthy my hair has gotten, I knew it was time. I can write endlessly about the perks of coming here (about the EXTREMELY reasonable prices, the immaculate and elegant salon, their pristine location, their considerate and energetic staff, their random offerings of wine and little goodies as you wait) but to gain the full experience of how great this salon really is you just have to visit it for yourself. I say with the utmost confidence that I guarantee no disappointments here. As I have seen face after face walk out of this salon wearing a smile... AND a gorgeous head of hair
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,10/16/2012,365,232,18,24,22>SOMEBODY STOP ME!  I want to keep coming back here and trying the veggies 4 at a time until I've worked my way down the entire chalkboard.  There's an impressive long list of vegetable dishes displayed on the board above the open kitchen. Let me explain-- I'm the most annoying patron on the planet-- a gluten-free vegetarian.  I can't tell you how many blasé green salads I've suffered through because I can't have anything else on the menu, so you can imagine my exultation when I walked into Blue Collar and saw the extra-long list of vegetable choices.  I was literally like a kid in a candy store.  They've got an amazing variety of innovative, seasonal, tantalizing veggies in every color, texture, and flavor profile.  I've been to Blue Collar twice, and both times, I've opted for the 4 veggie platter.  The first time I went, I got the Yukon gold mash and sweet minted peas.  I had resolved to try something else the second time, but I just couldn't.  The peas and potatoes are the penultimate comfort food.  I love them so!  I had to get those two things again.  Other things I've tried are the Brussels sprouts and the baby bok choy, curried cauliflower and sliced fresh mango with a little scotch bonnet pepper.  Wow!  So fresh!  So special!  LOVE!Aside from the best vegetables in town, Blue Collar has a quaint comfy atmosphere with special touches like Panther coffee served in a vintage Thermos.  There's an open kitchen, so you can watch the hipster wunderkindchefs whipping up your magical meal, and the service team is friendly and food-smart.Blue Collar is truly excellent.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,10/15/2012,144,87,10,13,10>It's official. I'm hooked. Pho is like crack to me. Someone may need to stage an intervention. But I'm not going down without a fight!Now that I have newly discovered Vietnamese cuisine, I'm not prepared to let it go. I'll be honest and say that after my first taste of Pho with basil, I was a tad skeptical about trying this place because they use mint rather than basil. I had no need to fear.My experience went a little something like this.I went alone at around 6 pm. There was another couple having dinner. The waitress was really sweet and took my order. I ordered the spring rolls and the Beef Pho. The spring rolls were crispy and delicious! I added some Sriracha sauce for some spice! Yum! The Pho came out shortly afterwards. The aroma of that broth was intoxicating! I think I actually broke out into a cold sweat. The anticipation! My fix was only moments away!The requisite platter of bean sprouts and jalapeno slices (this time with mint instead of basil & lemon instead of lime) was also presented. I placed all the ingredients into that heavenly broth and dug in.I actually prefer the noodles here over Pho 79. Here they are wider than the rice noodles at the aforementioned restaurant. The broth here is also spicier. It didn't even require the addition of Sriracha! It was perfect! The mint definitely does add a different flavor than basil, but by no means does it make it BAD! It's just different. I enjoyed it, but everyone is entitled to their own opinion.Now, I have to address some issues mentioned by my fellow Yelpers that I disagree with. #1 Size of the Pho: I think that the portion served is more than enough. How much soup can one person eat? They do offer a larger size which isn't on the menu but if you ask, they will be happy to oblige.#2 Price: In my opinion, the prices are average and fair. For my spring rolls, Pho and a Taro Boba, I paid $20. I think that is pretty flippin average for eating out anywhere unless we're talking fast food.The waitress was really nice when I asked what other flavor of Boba she would recommend. She suggested the avocado. Another party of 6 had come in and someone had ordered it. She went and brought me a little sample of the leftover Avocado Boba from the blender. O... M... G... Amazingly creamy, sweet deliciousness! I was so sad that I had already ordered the Taro!  Oh well... Next time. And, there will most definitely be a next time. They have a few items on the menu that I'm interested in trying out soon! Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,1/29/2014,365,232,8,11,11>FIRST CHOICE FOR SECOND SATURDAY.  On the second Saturday of each month, Wynwood's Art Walk is the place to be, and Wynwood Kitchen and Bar is the place to be seen.  Picture yourself sitting snugly in the hip-pocket of the Über-cool, graffiti glitz of the famous, much photographed Wynwood Walls enjoying tapas amongst the pretty young things, creative beasts, and glitterati of Miami's burgeoning arts scene.When it comes to ambiance, this place has it covered.  Deceptively large, they've managed to retain a certain coziness by breaking the space into distinct indoor, outdoor, and bar areas. If you are seated on the patio, people-watching is a major plus because there's a constant stream of humanity passing by, posing for pictures, and marveling at the artwork covering every surface of the buildings surrounding the space.As far as the food is concerned, Wynwood Kitchen and Bar specializes in tapas, small plates ideal for sharing. This is great for people who want to try a bite or two of lots of things without committing to a full-sized dish of just one item. The downside is that if you're truly hungry for a meal, you're likely to walk away dissatisfied. Just as you're ready to really tuck into a dish, a dining companion's utensil fork-blocks your game plan.Presentation is super-casual. Most things arrive on little plates without much fanfare or accompaniment. They're delivered by servers in T-shirts and jeans on an "as-ready" schedule. The items I've tried are tasty and trendy, but I haven't seen any REAL innovation yet. Perhaps I just need to explore the menu more thoroughly. We came in at about $45/person with wine--a fair price point all things considered.  Although certain aspects of the experience read "dive," the location and the ingredients could easily command a bigger price tag.I'll definitely return to Wynwood Kitchen and Bar for a glass of the New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc and a bite on a 2nd Saturday when my Art "Walk" takes a time out for an Art "Snack."
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,1/28/2014,10,82,5,8,6>You have officially put yourself on the art world map!What a beautiful space. I have no idea what the old Pérez Museum was like, but the space itself of the new museum rivals the museum spaces of New York, Boston, and Washington. Everything is so beautifully done, you'll have to pinch yourself to know you're in Miami!The collection is not half-bad, either, and it looks like it will only grow into the architecture that can now adequately house it. It's an eclectic mix of media and exhibition types--and all of it is really interesting to peruse, even if all of it is. It truly great great art. (But there *is*'some--if not a lot--of really great art, if you're patient enough to seek it out.)The museum's got a restaurant/café on the water (Biscayne Bay) and a truly phenomenal view of the MacArthur Causeway and the Port of Miami by night. That alone is a work of great visual interest. The patio space also features "hanging gardens," columns of flowering greenery that are about as cool as you'd think.When the Frost Science museum opens next door next year, this area: Museum Park, will transform what has been a desolate, dingy part of town. This is great news for us all.Furthermore, the museums are now serviced by the newly reopened (rechristened) Museum Park Station on the Metromover system.Things are lookin' up, Magic City!
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,1/27/2014,328,239,9,13,13>Just when I thought that Miami had nothing else to offer I run into this tiny bookstore jam packed with books in Spanish. The inventory is more than huge. I remember being here previously and unable to find what I was looking for, but that may have changed. Today, with that many books, I doubt it could happen again.What I like the most about this bookstore is the assortment of books from new authors. They have a very large selection of classics, maybe suitable for scholars or readers wanting to get some culture, but their strength lies on the flow of current authors and current subjects. This place could be Barnes & Nobles in Spanish, with a bunch of young authors and fresh ideas that reflect Latin American idiosyncrasies. This place is not a stale book shop, on the contrary, it is vibrant with the pulse of Latin America.Of course, having new books doesn't qualify a bookstore as a great one. Neither does the large inventory. It all comes down to the selection of books for sale. This place has a large selection of books on occultism, New Age, philosophy, conspiracy theories and strange subjects that belong at an indie bookstore. It is amazing to find not only rare books, but books that are already out of print, while others are only available used.The rest of the bookstore is filled with books on every possible subject, like photography, art education, economics, gardening, etc., the list is long. They also have newspapers from Latin America, magazines in Spanish, CDs and DVDs, New York Times bestsellers and various printed materials, all in Spanish.All in all, this bookstore is a real bookstore. You won't find spices, incense or South American aphrodisiacs, but you will find a bunch of stuff that is just intriguing and new, and stuff that will keep you in touch with whatever is happening now in Latin America. This bookstore is a great information source and it will give you a sharp edge in the culture of South America. By the way, I didn't find the book that I was looking for. Of course, what's new? I was looking for a book from Daniel Alarcon, a new Peruvian writer who is gaining worldwide recognition. When I asked, I was told I was the first one to ask for that author. Even if they didn't have the book, at least they knew who I was inquiring about.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,1/26/2014,202,202,27,33,27>3 Cheers for proper use of the word "Gastropub!" Hip hip HOORAY!After moving to sexy sexy Miami from Brooklyn a few months ago I made up my mind to embrace Miami for all that it is.  Batch was a work in progress when we first arrived and since it was right across the street from our place I was stoked from day one.As soon as we saw activity stirring inside we walked over. Instead of pushing us out the door because they weren't officially open to the public the staff gave us a tour and told us what they're  about. I'm a sucker for a passionate team and great story so this made me thrilled before even tasting the food. We made reservations for New Year's Eve.We skipped the clubs and covers to ring in the New Year at Batch.  I'm sorry to hear everyone had such bad service because we definitely didn't! Even when the servers were bogged down with drink orders minutes before midnight we could walk over to the bar and pay cash... That blonde bombshell that someone previously mentioned was great under pressure. Maybe I'm used to the NYC bartender neglect but she seemed to get to us in a perfectly timely manner. The drinks are spectacular. The infused liquors are what makes Batch unique so TRY THEM! The cocktails are dangerously good down to the little details of crushed ice with balanced flavors and large cubes when you order a nice dark liquor on the rocks. I have to give props to Tony because his face lights up when he talks about the concoctions. As far as the food goes here's the honest-to-goodness feedback:Hummus- the feta cheese is an interesting touch. A lot of people don't care for feta but I think it works with the atmosphere and what they're aiming for with the menu. Shishito Peppers- Fun and fancy. We tossed a little salt on them to give them more flavor than just the spiciness but it was a great snack with drinks. Mac Attack- Note: I kind of wish I knew it had pork in it.  I ate around a little of it to be greeted with a nice gooey texture. I love gnocchi and it assisted the melt-in-your-mouth factor. It's great but I won't get it again because re: pork. Brisket Burger- My man ordered this one. He got the no-frills version and loved it. He's had a lot of great burgers and gave this one his stamp of approval. It was super messy in all the best waysFarm Fresh Pizza- At this point my gal pal and I were tipsy so we almost ate the whole thing. I'm sure if we skipped apps (don't) we could have finished it. This is probably my favorite thing on the menu because it is the product of the word "gastropub". It's topped with local veggies, housemade arugula pesto, and fried eggs and thrown into a wood-burning oven. It's everything that you would hope for in an upscale restaurant and it's an oily delicious pizza. This is probably going to be my go-to and, guys, you can reheat it and guiltlessly eat it for breakfast the next day. Phew. Okay, I'm done. I will say this, though. If you want to indulge and celebrate food and drink with some fun people take them here. It's one of the special spots in the neighborhood and unlike anything else we've seen here in Miami. It's spectacularly out of place.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,1/25/2014,195,275,6,7,6>I have been here many times throughout the years for drinks and to hang out. Its location is great, right across the street from the Coco Walk shops  and most of the restaurants in the center of Coconut Grove. There is a parking lot directly across the street also, which is really convenient. Truth be told, I had only ever meandered in after bar hopping at other locations nearby or after attending the Halloween street party, stuff like that. So my experience of the place was more for their drink specials, not really about their service or food which is why it took me so long to write a review. I have experienced their trivia night as of a few weeks ago and I have to say it is so much fun! The host is a really funny dude who cracks jokes every 5 minutes and the other teams are really competitive and fun. Our team didnt do so well but we will likely give it another try sometime. We tried the wings (SO HOT), and the nachos. Both were great and not expensive. There is an extended happy hour on the days of the trivia nights for participants. Good time, and great location. Cant get much better than that.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,1/24/2014,227,88,7,12,10>I've been contemplating my return trip to Harry's to try their pizza.  Last time I was here, I ordered the fish entree and although it was good, I couldn't help but be envious of everyone else who ordered pizza.  So this time I won't make the same mistake twice. The choices were my only problem!! The Meatball, Short Rib or THE INFAMOUS ROCK SHRIMP???? At the suggestion of my server, I opted for the meatball pizza.  For starters, I am starting with the All Spice Soda.  Loved the flavor, but for $3 a glass I was expecting a large glass.  Note to self...  "No ice next time"Finally, my meatball pizza finally arrives!!!! Tears of joys flowed down my face....Crust golden brown, thinned just right, homemade meatballs, peppers and onions, escarole, and trugole... prepared perfectly.  My plan was to eat one or two slices and save the rest for later.  After all, this is my gym day.  Well that was the plan, anyway.  One slice turned into two, two into three and so one.  Not really sure what herbs and spices they used, but even the crust around the pizza was good.Will I be back,  you can bet on it!!!!!
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,1/23/2014,104,216,5,10,5>Lagniappe - hidden gem in Miami - Oh! How I was wish there were more places like this in Miami.Go soon...go now....grab your closest friends, your loudest friends, your coolest friends ... just go! Go before it gets so packed that you will not be able to walk in the door...or keep going until they expand into the lot right beside them.You walk into someone's old house, with vintage furniture and wine bottles all over the living room.  Then you mosey up to the refrigerators and select a bottle of wine of your choice, or a few a beers of your choice or just get both - but keep it classy by selecting some cheese or sliced prosciutto from the last refrigerator. Go ahead and pay for everything and just so you know, you definitely will not be breaking the bank. The staff will give you plates, knives and glasses.  Also they will provide you small tastings of the wine if you arent sure of what to get.  Great helpful service!You can either sit inside and listen to the live music (when available) or go on outback.  Backyard reminds me of the broken shaker with lots of mismatched patio furniture but without the board games or bocce ball.  Grab a table and chairs, but grab them fast because this place is so popular these days that securing a table is not an easy task.  But when you do sit back, sip some wine, eat some cheese in your friend's backyard, shoot the breeze and enjoy!Love this place and highly recommend to anyone who is looking for just a chill night with friends.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,1/22/2014,969,161,24,17,17>Some say enchiladas and yoga go together like...fish sticks and cookies. More on that later, for now I'm going to recount the four things I learned at Brickell Hot Yoga --I have a high tolerance for eating freaky stuff: before class I was offered a vegan/gluten-free peanut butter-chocolate chip cookie made by one of the students. I chewed uncomfortably while listening to the conversations* bikram enthusiasts engage in and thought the combination should be considered non-lethal torture by the Geneva Convention. I'd have believed her if she'd told me they were tuna-butter or white chocolate fish chip cookies.The limits of my concentration were tested: the combination of lululemon pants and training in the novice section toward the back of the studio ensured that I'd see more camel toes than a Saudi veterinarian. Happy Baby. Downward Dog. Bow Pose.My immune system improved: the yogi that taught my free lesson could've been a body double for Ludmilla from Rocky IV. A resemblance that only went skin deep; Ulla has earned the perpetual smile of someone that has transcended the physical world. As I was struggling with Warrior's Pose she glided over and reached toward me with eight glowing hands but I immediately recoiled. I didn't care if she was the goddess Kali herself, she had just been manhandling two sweaty girls that looked like they'd taken a leisurely stroll through an automated carwash. She touched me on the tip of my nose and I was immediately paralyzed, then twisted my body into an Oktoberfest pretzel. There was a generous amount of force applied to my solar plexus as she worked her way down and that's when I remembered what I had for lunch; spicy pork enchiladas doused with tomatillo sauce, crema Mexicana, tortilla chips and refried beans. So while she was aligning my chakras my third eye was starting to feel quite conflicted. I mouthed an excuse while clenching every muscle in my body. My Scandinavian Swami touched my chin with two fingers and released me from immobility.Of course the bathroom was OCCUPIED..freakin vegans and their 27 grams of fiber desserts..but the other UNOCCUPIED studio was dark, empty and inviting...Just as I thought I was going to let out a ripper that was going to take my breath away, a class started lining up at the entrance. I barked that the room wasn't ready and realized it was a false alarm. I hadn't defiled the air and invited them back into the HazMat free zone. I must've been a strange sight in my camo shorts and Misfits tee. "Y'all should sign up for the Anarchist Ashram class."I sweat in places I never knew I had: from the bottom of my feet, to inside my lady bits. You may think this doesn't apply to me but if I had kept up with yoga my walnuts would've turned to soft boiled quail eggs and retreated up into my body. All the nap time, diaphragmy breathing and throwing around 17 syllable Hindu words initially made me feel like I was at a Lamaze class rather than a workout.The most physical thing I've ever done was the last phase of military police training in rural Texas. 16 miles up, down and around a mountain while taking "breaks" to do calisthenics and I wasn't as sore as my initial encounter with Brickell Hot Yoga. For 4 days I woke up with a new part of my body enveloped in soreness including my elbows, fingernails and earlobes. It's a helluva workout you should try. Just don't eat Mexican that day.*youtube.com/watch?v=IMC1…
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,1/21/2014,470,137,24,26,26>You know what made Frank Sinatra the absolute coolest man in history?  It wasn't his mob ties, smooth, silky voice, sexual prowess, fearlessness, blue eyes, money or fashion sense.  um... actually, it was ALL of those things, come to think of it.  But history is full of people who have possessed one or more of those traits and they've been nothin' but bums.  I can sum up what made him cool in one word: 'Class'.  Sinatra had Class (yes, Grammar-Nazis, that's a capital "C"... get over it!)  Class cannot be bought and it cannot be faked.  It is about having immaculate taste... taste not defined by price, but quality.  It affects how you dress, carry yourself, shake hands, laugh, talk, drink, travel, treat people, fight, f*ck... EVERYTHING.  Class is not having to brag about yourself, because everyone else does that for you.  It's about knowing what you like, because *you* like it, not because it's considered cool or hip... you define your own taste. Class is standing up for what is right, because your moral compass says so, not because some book or law dictates, and fighting for it, damn the consequences.  Class isn't flashy and it's ageless.  Yes, Frank Sinatra was the coolest cat to have ever walked this fragile, rocky, blue sphere floating in space.  Frank is my idol.  He should be every man's idol.  And his 'cool' and Class is immortal.Regent Cocktail Club is where Frank would have drank and hung out.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,1/20/2014,111,86,3,10,10>The only times I really come here are Wednesday's at 7pm for the Kendall Run Club. It's a free club, they encourage runners of all speeds. Often huge groups 50-100 people at least. There's another group that runs on Saturdays, I have not been to that one yet due to conflicting work schedules.  Stretches before and after, pre-run warm up runs. They release us in waves, walkers-over 11 min mile joggers... 9 min-11 min per mile runners (that's usually my group now)... and its usually about three (3) to four (4) different waves. Usually between 3-3.5 mile runs... you can turn back whenever you want, don't be worried about the distance. Sometimes they have a boot camp set up in the middle of the run. Muscle Milk is there at the end of the run to hand out samples.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,7/5/2011,196,262,8,8,8>Very cool chain out of Spain.. Think tapas wrapped in a little freshly baked roll.Now think cheap: prices range between $1 and $2.50 each.Not bad, I had 4 four lunch which included potato chips and was satisfied.Drinks are more than reasonable too!For about the same price as a single sandwich at a food truck I had 4 really good ones!I gets better! Wednesday nights will tickle your inner jew, when all the montaditos and drinks are $1.This seems to include the Tinto de Verano which is a mix of red wine and sprite, an awesome combo even if you don't care for wine!One word of warning on wednesday dollar madness day: Don't order the fries!! Unless you want to wait an eternity.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,7/4/2011,120,391,5,8,7>my husband is deserving of all good things (food included). for his birthday, i knew i wanted to treat him to a special meal. and since he trusts my palate, i gave him absolutely no clue where he was going to eat. i'm a good wife, i know. thanks to a lovely little thing called groupon, we ate $40 worth for $20. the food was so good that i would have paid full price any damn way. it's located on the beach, and as you know, parking in the beach can be challenging. luckily, we found parking quickly and nearby. service: on point. our waiter, Jose, was so welcoming. he gave his recommendations on a few dishes and was very knowledgeable about the food. food: superb. we ordered the cobia ceviche to start and it was about 2 to 74 notches above any other ceviche i've tasted. it comes with a little piece of grapefruit sorbet. and yes, it's a strange combination, but it works! as an entree, i had the starter duck salad which certainly was not starter size. it was huge and so incredibly fresh and delicious. the birthday boy had the filet mignon churrasco which can only be described as celestial.great food + great service = winning combination.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,7/3/2011,165,258,9,8,9>I'm a Piscean, and as such, am drawn to the foot and shoes.  There's no denying that fact.  The problem is the fact that men's shoes are typically boring, sports-oriented, or damned-near orthopedic looking.  (You women reading this have no idea how lucky you are in the shoe category.  Yes, I know you have waxing, and plucking, and other 'stuff' with which you have to contend, but still....cute shoes are everywhere for women!)  Donald Pliner is one designer who actually provides a selection of men's shoes that make me smile.  I purchased a pair of his boots (handmade in the Italian Alps) about 5 years ago, and they're still (after several resolings) going strong and looking hot.  This past weekend, I had the chance to visit the Donald Pliner Concept Store at Merrick Park for an event, and found myself actually excited about shoes for men.  I purchased a pair of glass beaded loafers.  Yup.  Glass beaded loafers...and on sale!  (Pic uploaded)  Never have I seen such a thing for men.  The store, like the rest of the mall, is beautiful, and the service very attentive and helpful.  Even our dog Lucy was welcomed.  I'm smiling as I type just knowing Donald Pliner is out there somewhere designing shoes that I actually want.  If loving shoes is wrong, I don't want to be right!
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,7/2/2011,202,134,5,12,9>Tired? Stressed? Need to unwind? Well, then look no further than The Biltmore Spa; the perfect place to help melt away any iota of, well, anything!I've been here twice, both times because my husband bought me a spa package, and both times I loved him even more. The spa is on the 7th floor, and when the elevator doors open, you instantly feel relaxed. The spa has a very Asian influence to it- very minimalist- which contributes to it having a zen atmosphere. The ladies at the front desk are all very courteous and helpful, and they give you an itinerary for your day there. You are escorted to the changing room where  they give you a locker, and they give you a wonderful robe and slippers to change into. You can use, and are encouraged, to use the sauna and steam room before your appointments. They were very clean and relaxing, and although small, there weren't too many people using them. Also, it was nice to see there was always an attendant  checking to make sure everything was tidy and making sure everyone had what they needed. I had a massage, facial, manicure & pedicure, and style included with my package. The massage was wonderful- the masseuse was very courteous and professional. They have soothing sounds playing in a dimly lit room, and the exotic smells of lavender, jasmine, & other aromatherapy fill the room. After the massage I had a facial and although it may sound like an oxymoron, it was quite pleasant. The esthetician was gentle but thorough. At the end my face felt refreshed, rejuvenated and oh so smooth- and I didn't leave looking splotchy and red. The nail technician did a phenomenal job as well. She took her time and painted the nails so perfectly they didn't even look like they needed to be cleaned (but of course, she did). One thing I must say that I truly love and appreciate about this place is that no one tries to sell you a million of their products. The esthetician actually asked me what products I used because my face looked so well- and she never pushed selling any of the products to me (which I have so often been suckered into in other places).  At the end of the day, the one thousand and one things I had weighing me down were gone and I left feeling renewed, invigorated, and ready to face the other one thousand and one things that awaited me the next day.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,7/1/2011,253,216,10,10,12>I know now why they won Miami New Times Best Food Truck!!Their menu has some yummy goodness including meat, duck, ribs, chicken wings, tacos and tater tots-- all with an Asian twist. I went with the Angus Beef "Bulgogi" Burger and my friend and I shared the Slow Poached Egg Bulgogi Steak Chunk'd Cheesey Spicy Tots. OMG- the tots were out of control and the burger was amazing!! The only thing I was disappointed with & the reason why they're not getting 5 stars was the service. If they say they're starting at 12, they should be ready to go at 12, not still setting up at 12:15! I also wanted my burger with no pickles and the guy said they couldn't make it like that--- 2 minutes later, I see him putting the pickles on my burger-- Like REALLY?! There was only one other person there- I get it if they're in a rush and can't be doing custom orders, but come on, dude! Their drinks were also warm when they arrived, so I had to get my water from another truck.Dim Ssam a gogo-- you won my heart and my belly! Now, just work on your service :)
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,6/30/2011,534,839,5,10,8>This doctor's office is on a more precise schedule then Amtrack.I had an appt for 2:15 (yes, I said 2:15, and they meant the 15 part).Show up early your first time to fill out paperwork. When I got up to turn in the paperwork, they called me in before I could sit back down. It was that way for my follow up as well.She was nice and professional. When I had to come back for a follow up, there was no additional charge. If only I could find a Primary this exemplary.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,6/29/2011,255,530,6,8,7>My new local for new wave comfort food. I've written so many reviews on Whisk, I'm embarrassed to say another word; however, this is just on one appetizer, I'll specialize. It was the pulled pork and cornbread. If things couldn't get any better in life, then to eat something that brings back memories of your childhood, unless your Charles Dickens character Oliver Twist, but he did sing about "Food Glorious Food".The Whisk' version of pulled pork and cornbread is simple and artfully designed. The base a perfectly moist square of velvety cornbread. Perfect in color, perfect in texture, more of a moist cake then what I was used to as a young kid. Towered on top a mass of lightly smokey deliciously prepared pulled pork, adorned with a brilliantly colored ribbons of BBQ sauce. God, I hope it's homemade for I just verbally made love to a bottle sauce, no it can't be a skank in a bottle. This is homemade. Then atop of that four rings of grilled red onions. Personally I would like more, but then the art would be taken away from the beholder.Really this portion was to big for an appetizer, but that's how it was advertised.  The chef her can design comfort food in such a way, that you feel nuevo cuisine, but pop it in your mouth and your a kid again.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,6/28/2011,1208,265,12,18,14>Friends invited us to the soft opening of 5 Napkins Burger. This was a total treat and very soon will be a hot spot on South Beach. THE STARTERS Double tuna roil - a little bit of spice and very fresh fish Spinach cheese dip - OK, nothing earth shaking, I did appreciate the endive Sushi Combo - Highly recommend and great to share Pickles and pastrami - interesting and worth a try THE MAINS Original 5 Napkin burger - Good and Juicy Lamb lofts burger - Really good and full of taste Bacon cheddar burger - The best, perfect bacon and sharp cheese Lobster roll - needs a little work, needs to be more substantial and hotterTHE SIDES Onion rings - nice, Beer and Burger Joint is a bit better Sweet potato fries - excellent and not too greasy THE AWESOMENESS Celtic Carmel milkshake -- was so good, my Friend uncomfortably stated he dropped a pearl in his pants Peanut butter shake -- I thought it was even better than the Carmel Service is excellent, it makes me sad to think this place is going to be a huge success and I'll have to wait to get in:(
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2010,6/27/2011,229,492,12,11,10>Feverish - you do so many things right. For starters, I love your minivan SUV style food truck and I love the appeal to it, with the splattered paint design. But most of all, I love your ice cream, especially the only one I've had and will ever have, the PINE NUT. Because why fix something that isn't broken? How can I ever try anything else, when I've found my favorite already? This salmon colored, definitely not flavored, light pink beige ice cream is pure sinful delight. Pine nuts, you must be thinking, sounds like a weird combo, but works out perfect. I'd suppose its similar to the way pistachio works, although I am not a fan of many other nuts besides pine, it had a nice blend of sweet creamy ice cream to chopped nuts ratio. I was so sad the last time I saw you pulling away from the Saturdays Launche Art festival in Midtown, since I didn't get to fulfill my sweet tooth. But there is always the next time.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,6/26/2011,420,662,8,13,10>Loved every minute of it! The only downside was the lack of seating!We booked an Easter Brunch cruise, that promised bottomless mimosas, bloody marys, buffet food & more. It delivered on everything it promised, and then some! While the food wasn't spectacular, it was decent enough, and the rest of the cruise more than made up for it.Food included an omelette station, carved ham, a salad station, mashed potatoes and an assortment of pastries. We were disappointed to see cheese (as promised on the website) was missing, but it turns out, it was up on the second level, along with some cute Easter eggs filled with candy.We totally enjoyed our little sail around Miami, including an in-depth tour of Star Island (felt like such a tourist, and loved it!).The mimosas were free-flowing and most of the bar staff was super friendly. Watching from the roof deck offered a fabulous view (albeit windy), and we saw lots of gorgeous Miami skyline and sparkling blue water.The only negative, as mentioned above, was a lack of seating on the second level and the roof deck. More tables and chairs, please! Otherwise, worth every penny, and we'd totally do it again. :) Highly recommend!
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,2/8/2014,145,67,6,8,6>Wowow what a great event and a great time. The chololate:  the tasting experience was divine, and there were treats ranging from roasted cacao seeds to chocolate covered everything.. yes everything.  Chocolate covered red velevet mini doughnuts,  twinkies,  pretzels (my fav!), strawberries, etc.  Of course, hot cocoa was also served. They were even selling fruit from the cacao  trees.  There were also vendors selling lots of natural and local, hand-made products like soaps, skin care creams, scented candles and honey (even chocolate honey!).  I was able to buy plenty of natural soaps that smell great like pink sea salt & eucalyptus. There were other booths selling other great things like arts and crafts, and there were also food trucks serving food like conch fritters, funnel cakes and tacos.   It was my first time visiting the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden, and boy was I enamoured.  The garden was beautiful and the butterfly garden was fun.  The butterflies are everywhere and they like to perch on anything, from your head, to your shoulder, to your purse.. wherever.  Many different species of butterflies like the zebra longwings and the monarchs.  They conduct research on butterflies as well there, so I would recommend anyone studying argriculture or entymology to apply for an internship there.  I think it would be great experience. This place is great for families and friends to visit together, or even a romantic date.  I can't wait to visit again.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,2/7/2014,227,222,14,10,8>Gather round, children. Let's talk omelets.I've never once had a bad omelet at this place. Not a one. These omelets, they're archetypal: every omelet before was a failure, and every omelet after should be measured against them. There's just no beating them. None. These omelets, stuffed to that point right before bursting with three add-ons ranging from chicken to turkey to brie to pepper jack to tomatoes to mushrooms to spinach to sweet sweet bacon, they're somehow both light and decadent, both simple and elegant, both delicious and freaking amazing.I've had a sandwich or two, but honestly, if ever Angelina's is the choice, I don't really consider much beyond the omelet menu. With a side of -- again -- sweet sweet bacon and some Panther Coffee, you're not going to find a better place in the area for the quality and value of your meal.Now. This bears saying. A little tangential, but utterly important.Angelina's is something of a self-service place. You walk up to the counter, you order, you take your coffee to the coffee station, you add your creams and your sugars, you head to your seat, and your food is brought to you. You need another cup of coffee? Get up, walk to the counter, lather, rinse, repeat.To the lady I recently encountered, the lady who refused to order at the counter, the lady who TOOK THE CREAMER FROM THE COFFEE STATION, PLANTED IT ON HER TABLE, AND FORCED ME TO ASK HER FOR IT, to the lady who, after I returned the creamer to the coffee station, walked over, grabbed the creamer, AND TOOK IT BACK TO HER TABLE:You're a terrible human being.The owner, he was there, and he was a better man than I. He took her order at her table. He accommodated her. The owner, he was a gentleman and a scholar.But to that lady who turns her nose up at the covenant agreed upon when patronizing Angelina's Coffee & Juice:I hope all the bad things in life happen to you and nobody else but you.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,2/6/2014,275,141,9,18,15>This company specializes in feature coding and other services for BMW's in South Florida. What is feature coding you ask? It's basically activating features/options in your car that are not available for cars in the US market. Everything that is activated from this procedure is already built in the car (nothing is installed) and will not void your BMW's warranty! This is done by the technician connecting his laptop to your car and releasing the codes into your car's system.What did feature coding do for my car? Some examples (not all) are - my side view mirrors are now able to fold and unfold with locking and unlocking using my keyfob, the ability of rolling up and down my car windows also the opening and closing of my sunroof with my keyfob, the ability of opening and closing of my trunk through my keyfob, a digital speedometer, visual ability to now see my tires temperatures and PSI, the ability to view my cameras (ex: rear view) while driving and the ability of looking at movies while driving as well. I also had my navigation map upgraded to 2014 as well!Jimmy, the owner and tech behind this company, is a cool and down to earth guy and I must say he delivers excellent service! He's well educated on BMW's and took his time with advising me with what features were now unlocked in my car!I'm surprised but honored that I am the first to review this company. If you have a bimmer (BMW) and want to really expand what the car can do... I highly recommend texting or calling and seeing what can be done!
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,2/5/2014,77,44,6,8,6>If my Coco could talk, this is what she would say: I am oh so Fancy, with my Fancy shiny hair, and my Fancy white teeth! I am envied at the dog park for always smelling the best and having the best treats. Don't hate!I was given Coco in a breakup :( but YAY for having her! I had zero idea what the best products were and where to get them without breaking the bank. My vet is wonderful but still quite expensive. Then, a few months after I got her she ended up with a mange breakout, a bit from a bee which made her face swell considerably and a couple other health concerns from tick bites which I could not control. I took her to the vet and was in SHOCK with the prices of the medications and flea preventatives so I started to do research and surprisingly found Allivet in hialeah (at the time I lived in downtown). I called and told them my needs to which they explained to me the process of ordering my prescriptions for Coco. It was very easy. I work west so it really was so convenient for me to pick up the meds whenever i needed them.  I love that they are local and their prices are always great; it also helps they email me tons of coupons. The customer service department who process the orders are always very nice. Sometimes I have brought Coco in when picking up something and they go nuts over her :) I love animal lovers! I am all about local places and being able to speak to someone face to face when needed. I have referred Allivet to at least a handful of my friends who all use them now. Also, I rescued a dog who decided to make residence on my front lawn under my brother's old boat. He was full of mange and very sick. I took him to the vet who gave me prescriptions for all the meds which were many and Allivet not only helped me with the price (there were at least 6 different things I needed to administer), but they donated some which were going to expire very soon to help me with the cost. Since then Noah (the rescue) has come and gone. He died of old age but he was a different dog. Anyone want pictures please send an email and I would be happy to send! Thank you Allivet and the employees who have always been nothing but kind to me and my animals.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,2/4/2014,250,256,7,11,9>This place is LEGIT. Their falafel is superior to any other being offered on the beach right now. With complex spices, these little balls of chickpea heaven are fried to order, and also to perfection.If meat is your thing, the shawarma my friend swears by looks delectable. Kebabs, soups, salads, platters, and sandwiches are all offered, and apparently so is sushi! Don't miss the salad bar, though. At $5 it's not exactly a steal for what you get, but is definitely a must try on your first visit. Eggplant, corn, hummus, babaganoush, spicy sauce, SPICY peppers, carrots, cabbage, cucumbers and dill, tomatoes, and more all tempt you at the counter. Being a kosher restaurant, the menus are offered in Hebrew as well as English. You feel warmth from the staff (owners?) immediately, so don't let Pita Loca's authenticity intimidate you. The location is a little difficult to find (on a side street between Collins and ocean) but the food is can't miss. Also note, they deliver. Bottom Line: excellent choice for delicious, fresh, affordable lunch.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,2/3/2014,52,182,4,7,7>A great, upscale modern-Japanese eatery in the high-end Bal Harbour shops.  Be warned, its not even close to cheap. The sushi and sashimi were creamy and popping with flavor. The ramen was excellent, as were some of the specialty dishes we sampled, like the spicy tuna on crispy rice. The beef carpaccio was also outstanding.The wife and I also loved the tiger prawn and thai basil Robata (basically a grilled skewer similar to yakitori). The two skewers were smoky and grilled perfectly (a real skill with shrimp so as to neither undercook nor overcook and thus render them powdery). The prawns themselves were large and firm.As much as we enjoyed what we received, we also gazed in jealousy at our neighbors who --  apparently hosted by a member of the Starr Restaurant Group that funds Makoto -- knew exactly what to get and were treated to dish after dish of what looked and smelled to be supremely tempting delicacies.The following day, we had to be in the area again and, as it's a long drive for us, decided to try lunch. I have to say that their Bento lunch special is actually quite reasonably priced, and the taste is the same high-quality, delicious modern Japanese cuisine. Even their wasabi vegetable fried rice was savory without being greasy.Special mention for the decor, whose dark, grained wood and beautiful sushi bar was both evocative of a Japanese eating house, but also very modern.When we saw Chef Makoto pop-up as a judge on Top Chef Masters shortly after our visit, let's just say that having recently eaten there, I wasn't surprised that he was such a well-respected chef.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,2/2/2014,529,642,14,18,15>The first time I ever came out here, it was a weekday. An Election Day, to be exact - so none of the infamous lines down the street for cinnamon buns I'd heard about applied. It was sad that it had taken me so long to make it to Knaus, as a lifetime Miami resident - but come on, it all sounded so uninspiring and dull. Strawberry shakes? Meh. Cinnamon buns? I usually don't even like cinnamon buns....and then I'd have to wait in a long line just to buy some? Thanks but no thanks. Well, believe it - Knaus is the real deal. If this place can get me excited about a boring baked good such as a cinnamon bun, that has to be worth something. If you don't believe me, believe the crazy long lines. On a recent Saturday at 9AM (just one hour after open), the line for cinnamon buns was out of the parking lot and down the street. It reminded me of a rural version of New Yorkers waiting around the block to get into the Shake Shack...but this is better than the Shake Shack. The buns are warm, they are sweet, they are loaded with cinnamon. I wouldn't necessarily wait in such a long line for them, but for me, the Redlands (and Knaus) are a relatively close, easy drive. If this is a special trip, by all means wait, because you don't want to come away empty-handed. The line for shakes is quite small compared to the line for baked goods. Several varieties are available, some of which might sound interesting - but trust me, stick with the strawberry. This goes for any of the Redlands berry farms - these places are renowned for their strawberries, and by extension their strawberry shakes. Don't bother with pumpkin, key lime, or any of the others that sound pretty good, unless you want to end up with shake envy when you taste your friend's or significant other's strawberry shake. I gave you fair warning. Location-wise, Knaus is one of the "closer" Redlands attractions to the main Miami metro area. Also, since it's so popular on Saturdays (closed Sundays), these are both good reasons to make it the very first stop on a Redlands tour. Eat your hard-won cinnamon buns for a good old-fashioned carbo-loading breakfast, then burn *some* of the calories off in the strawberry fields, in a search to find the juiciest, sweetest berries.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,2/1/2014,146,352,2,9,5>Although I have never stepped foot in Cuba, I was raised by Cuban parents and abuelitos. My grandfather would always buy me my special bocadito treats. So when I heard about this place, we just had to stop in for some dessert after dinner.Right off the bat we were greeted and genuinely welcomed... with a smile too. Seriously, I had to pinch myself to make sure that I was still in Miami. This is a family run place and each one of them is very friendly. We were offered Cuban pizza, which they will be offering soon. But we had just eaten, so we stuck with 2 bocaditos. One mango and one dulce de leche. Both delicious. While we were inhaling our bocaditos, the owner brought out 2 slices of pizza for us to try.  I'm ashamed to admit, that I have never tried Cuban pizza. And although I usually stick to thin crust, I really liked this pizza. The dough is homemade and it baked up nicely.This is a small place in a strip mall but it's really cute and clean. I look forward to trying their other offerings. Stop on in and give them a try. We need to support small business.Needless to say, we will return. Next time, we'll have pizza & bacaditos!One quick note. I tried checking in while sitting at a table inside Tio Colo but the Yelp app kept telling me that I was too far from that location. So maybe I was somewhere else??? ;-)
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/31/2014,144,386,5,11,7>Absolute win! From the impeccable service to the tasteful decor to the amazing food, this place is so worth the eternal drive from Kendall. Situated in a strip mall off of Biscayne, this tiny spot offers authentic, fresh, made to order Southern Mexican dishes. Don't come over here expecting burritos and nachos, no señor, this place is the real deal.We started with the sopa de aguacate and the sopa de tortilla. The aguacate soup was brothy and very light with fresh avocado, tomatoes, and shredded chicken. The tortilla was creamy tomato based with strips of tortilla, delicious chunks of Mexican cheese, avocado and cream. The tortilla was our favorite. Next up, the Salbutes which are corn tortillas topped with cochinita pibil (baby pig, so wrong and so sad) with lettuce, pickled onions and cucumbers. Loved the pork, it was tender and flavorful, and the tortilla was awesome. Crispy but soft inside, loved it.We shared tacos al pastor which we loved - the pork was sweet and spicy and the pineapple added the perfect sweetness. This came with a side of refried beans which were ultra creamy and delicious, and some tasty guacamole. Forgot to mention they give you lots of yummy chips and freshly made salsa as soon as you sit, this was a plus.Lastly and most importantly, we sealed the deal with their banana-cheesecake chimichangas. Seriously one of the best desserts I've had. Picture the crispest egg roll stuffed with the sweetest, ripest bananas and creamy chunks of cheesecake... But wait, there's more.... with Nutella. Dusted with cinnamon sugar. And a side of dulce de leche ice cream. The bomb. Out server was super attentive, sweet, and made great recommendations. The food came out super fast and portions were adequate. We will definitely be back.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,1/30/2014,138,146,8,12,7>Being a lover of the Florida Keys, I find myself traveling down US-1 toward mile marker 0 more than I'd like to admit.  Being a lover of fried foods and cold beer, I am always looking for stops along my four hour commute to Duval Street to wet my whistle and partake in some pub grub.  Rocco's Dockside (as it used to be called) was one of my favorite dive bar pit stops on the way down.  I was sad to hear it closed at some point last year.  A friend of mine, a cruiser and former Dockside fan, told me the establishment was reopening under a new name with new management - now known as Dockside Tropical Café.  I knew I had to stop and check it out.  First thing I notice is the new marquis sign with the parrot - COOL.  I pull up in the dirt parking lot just outside.  I can already notice the new wood deck and the paint job.  The kitchen is bustling with a small army of waitstaff in tie dyed shirts who are cleaning, prepping and running food and drinks.  I bellied up to the new shiny wood bar with the new Dockside logo and start investigating the beer options on tap.  Displayed for all to see is a shrine dedicated to tequila that would make any margarita or on-the-rocks sipper weep for joy.  I opt for a Negra Modelo which is served up from the bartender (Brian was his name I think) with a massive ear-to-ear smile.  He keeps cracking jokes (without being creepy or annoying) while I sip my beer.  The layout of the place looks pretty much the same, but I notice right away that the stage is lined with hand-carved wooden tiki god statues, a tiki hut awning and a surfboard marquis.  Even the bathroom doors are hand painted by a local artist with the mascots of the New Dockside - two macaws Harley and Marley (so cute).  OK, so with a cold Negra Modelo in front of me, I'm itching for something fried.  I order the "whole nine yards" sampler platter which includes something called Hog Handles (more on these in a moment), chicken wings, coconut shrimp, cracked conch and fries. I watch the Eric Stone Band set up, drink my beer and continue to chat up the bartenders.  The bar is full of what seem like local folk (some even brought their own "redneck" drinking cups LOL - think red solo cup mounted on a glass stem) with a good amount of tourists (like myself) mixed in.  My platter arrives and I immediately snag a hog handle and sink my teeth in.  Whoa.  Talk about finger-lickin, fall-off-the-bone GOOD.  I've never seen these things on any menu anywhere else in my travels up and down the Keys.  Three of these things were on the platter and they were almost enough for a meal (ask for them HOT).  The other items on the platter where tasty too, but the hog handles stole the show for me.  Speaking of stealing the show, the Eric Stone band starts to play some of his original island music with some covers from Jimmy Buffett and Merle Haggard.  I even got up to dance after trying some Riazul 100% blue agave tequila on the rocks.  I'm telling you - I don't drink tequila often.  Normally I just throw some Jose Cuervo and sour mix in a glass with some ice and call it a day.  This tequila is in another league (and it's only one of the many top shelf varieties on the display with schnazzy LED lights).  Jose Cuervo should be ashamed of himself for not making a tequila this good.  Order it on the rocks with some Hog Handles.  You're welcome.  All-in-all, I had a lovely experience here.  A few minor suggestions/observations - maybe offer up a free draft beer for us Yelp folks upon check in?  I noticed free garlic fries pop up, but a free draft beer would be SWEET (for those of us who aren't fans of garlic fries and don't want to sport garlic dragon breath all the way down to Key West LOL).  Seemed like the kitchen got backed up here and there, but the owners were out talking to folks and kept things moving along.  The sound system is great but I could tell they were still making adjustments to levels etc.  But, with a new place to get off the ground, there's bound to be some hiccups and tweaks to be made and you can tell the folks there take pride in what they do and are meticulous about making everything just right from the sound system to the food to the booze.   Even though I'm a "land lover", I felt right at home with the boaters, the sailors and dreamers at Dockside Tropical Cafe. The days of the old Dockside dive bar are gone and that's OK with me.  This place has gotten a serious upgrade with an improved Florida Keys island atmosphere, great music, food, beer and everyone is welcome.  I love it and in the words of the Terminator, I'LL BE BACK!
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2010,1/1/2011,471,255,7,10,12>I haven't been this happy with a meal in a really really long time! As a matter of fact I think I moaned through all the dishes. Of course it always helps when you are surrounded by fellow Yelpers and sharing all dishes like a big happy family. The place is absolutely beautiful, perfect for any occasion, I could see myself hanging out there all the time if I lived near by. I love the way the Raw Bar is set up and the Cabana-esque feel that it oozes. Now to the winners and honorable mentions of the evening:- Kobe Sliders: I said goddamn, that was ridiculous! both Eschel H. and I sat there quietly moaning through our first bite, the quail egg and whatever mystery mustard kick to it....AAHHHHH!!- Bacon Wrapped Dates: don't ask, just put it in your mouth.- Goat Cheese Croquettes: I'm biased because I absolutely love cheese, but the tangy sauce was perfectly complimentary.- Grilled Squid: delectable, I'm Spanish and I love squid and the aoili sauce that came with it was out of this world.- Colorado Lamb Chop: yo, what the hell was in that marinade? I don't eat lamb often but f'real??- Shishito Peppers: they are exactly the way they make them in the Basque country, although I didn't get the super spicy one and I'm sorry Hannah and Lawrence for devouring them. The rest of the food was also really good, I just don't remember because there was so much! The sweet potatoes and skirt steak was also delicious. We stuck straight to tapas and didn't really sample any of the sushi, which gives me an excuse to return.For dessert we had the Torejas and the Strawberry Cheesecake with Sapporo foam. I loved them both, and I'm not usually a dessert person. Warning, if you don't like beer, the cheesecake might be a bit weird, but I loved what it did to my taste buds, it was like beer?... beer... oh wait not strawberry beer? strawberry cake?, cheesecake? DELICIOUS!The service is pretty stellar- when in doubt, ask your server, she recommended a lot of goodies to our table and we were very grateful for her expertise. I would totally continue to recommend this place. Its fantastic!
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,12/31/2010,1381,665,11,15,18>Dear Village Green Park,Thank you for providing a giant, beautiful, very green park in the middle of the island of Key Biscayne.  Lush, green fields for playing soccer, and a playground for kids to make any child squeal with glee.  There are tons of trees to provide lavish shade, and benches to sit and take a load off.Often, I meet my good friend for a picnic lunch, where we have the chance to sit, eat, catch up, and relax.  The warm breeze and shaded benches make for a great break from the stress of the day.I believe the park also has wifi, as my phone is always picking up a signal when I'm there.  Also, I think through the Community Center, one can enroll in different activities and programs at the park, mostly for children.Thank you for your beautiful landscape and for being my peace within the chaos.  I owe you a plant or something.  ;-)Love & light,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2010,12/30/2010,566,440,15,13,11>A small group of fat kids stumble onto this place at 2am after luckily remembering they read it was open late. The foodgasms that ensued after their arrival were just, too good not to share! There are really so many things to like about this place, how about their open kitchen? The bar for those looking to chat closely or just grab a quick bite? The in house filtered water? I could really go on, but I know all you guys care about is the food! The menu is set up listing small plates, medium plates and larger meals. I liked this concept because it allowed for us to keep ordering and trying new flavors. We started with the pork buns, chicken buns, shitake - sticky soy, chicken drumsticks, and short rib meatloaf. The top two dishes according to our fat kid survey were the pork buns and the short rib meatloaf. The bun meat was really flavorful and I only used their sauce to add some spice to it. The bun itself was a soft pillow of heaven that held meat. (I stopped writing to savor the memory, really.) The meatloaf was to die for!!! They braise the ribs until they fall apart, then add onions and other things to it, reshape it to look like meatloaf, sear it off and serve it over this small pool of smoked plantain puree. I kept thinking, it's really too bad I only have chopsticks because I'll never be able to get all this puree left on the plate into my mouth! It was that good! The other dish I really enjoyed was the shitake mushroom - stick soy. A few shitakes sliced and topped with scallions and a fish flake that looks like it's alive. Super cool presentation and I've never had the impression I was eating steak when biting into a mushroom. It was meaty, I was flabbergasted! Our server was great too, he answered questions, kept an eye on us and even made suggestions when I couldn't decide what else to try. This is a great spot, I can't wait to come back and try some of the larger dishes!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,12/29/2010,156,83,6,8,9>Hollywood Vine is absolutely wonderful. Quiet little wine bar, perfect for lounging and hanging out with friends. The service is close to perfect and the atmosphere is very pleasant. I wish they had a few more choices of beer, but what is available does the job. Great variety of wines to choose from.I live pretty close to this joint so you can find me there rather often. All in all this is a great place. I have never ever heard a single complaint.I highly recommend Hollywood Vine to anyone looking for a good, decently priced beer and wine bar!
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,12/28/2010,321,96,11,11,11>Quick Clarification: La Camaronera on West Flagler is the Daddy of The Fish Box,. but this Baby is mobile and she has rolled out.  Follow her on Twitter and just hope she's in your area, as she is packed with one of Miami's... wait for it...... Legendary fish sandwiches.The Fish Box is the newest mobile food truck to hit our greater So. FLA area and you will not be disappointed.  The official unveiling was at the Fall for the Arts on the 12th,. but few days before the event, I had the great opportunity to enjoy some of her best bites just east of La Camaronera's historic establishment, parked on a vacant lot.  I'm a simple guy.  I ENJOY grabbing a quick lunch or a late night bite before a night out from a Restaurant on Wheels.  Many find it inconvenient as it roams the city, always mobile, always shifting.  I honestly love it.  We're born to hunt (Caution: I may get emotional here) and The Fish Box is the newest animal out there (excuse me - fish) that I now will be able to chase.  I will fight fellow hunters for my parking spot... wait patiently for that right moment and...... slowly walk out of my car, form a line, place an order, then pay for a Pan con Minuta (fish sandwich) and the Shrimp Box (fried shrimp)... like a savage hunter gatherer that I am!! Unlike the La Camaronera Fish Market, hopefully this Girl will stay out past 5:30 pm and will go out with the rest of us to party.  She will roam the streets and keep our tummies filled.Good prices (bit more than original joint) and Great simple eats.  What else can a guy ask for... oh yes... maybe that lady friend who understands our manly innate nature and is willing to skip that dinner at Sra. Martinez  for that one night to grab a quick meal at a Food Truck..... and Live happily ever after.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,12/27/2010,330,118,6,10,10>Being in the heart of Coral Gables, lunch can get a bit complicated. That's why a few times a week I rely on Eli's Cafe for a fast and tasty lunch!I truthfully have no idea where this place is since I always have the food delivered, but I've been told it's a hole in the wall in a parking lot...yeah, good thing I haven't gone. I've pretty much have had everything on their menu, and for the most part everything is good. My favs include the chicken ceasar salad, the chicken gyro, chicken empanadas, grilled chicken pesto, lasagna and their chocolate milkshake. Their seasoning on the chicken is awesome, whatever it is, it works for me!The staff is always friendly when I call, they normally deliver fast, and never screw up my order which is pretty damn important to me. So if you're in the Gables area and in need of a yummy lunch, I definitely suggest Eli's!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,12/26/2010,268,629,5,11,10>whoa! imagine feeling like you are floating in the midst of skyscrapers while sipping on champagne and dancing the night away to live music with the temperature at 67 and not a cloud in the sky, a perfect miami night. this was my saturday night. my cousins wedding was absolutely fabulous!! the sky lobby is sleek and modern with floor to ceiling windows. they walls were draped in white fabric to disguise the office building look and make it a picture perfect white winter wonderland lit by candles. the actual building was lit in blue with white snowflakes. gorgeous. the sky terrace is a-ma-zing!! a huge "pool" surrounded by plenty of floor space. the layout is a little awkward for a wedding, bc it doesnt allow for a traditional setup where the dance floor is in the middle and all the tables surround. so this night the tables towards the back couldnt people watch and be in on all the fun action going down on the dance floor. but this space would be perfect for an cocktail event (cough, yelp elite event) there was space for 2 huge bars, 10 man band, dj, and food stations, and about 240 guests. everything was beautiful. their preferred vendors were awesome from the catering to the cake, delicious! my only complaint is the parking. you have to use their huge and confusing parking lot, which means taking 2 elevators. some of the older guests had a hard time getting around. overall this space is beautiful and a hidden gem in miami. most people know the building with the colorful lights, but have no clue whats inside.. check it out, you wont be disappointed...
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,12/25/2010,619,794,13,19,16>Trattoria Rosalia is an Italian restaurant at the Aventura Mall, located between the Cheesecake Factory and the AMC Cinema entrance. I must say that, overall I was impressed with this place when a friend and I went here for dinner on a recent Sunday evening.  The service was spot on, the food was good and the prices weren't bad, either.When we arrived there were several open tables and we were seated right away and given menus.  Almost immediately our waiter was there to take our drink orders and a basket of toasted bread and butter wrapped in linen was delivered to the table.A few moments later the waiter returned to ask if we were ready to order, or if we were interested in hearing about their specials.  I ordered the lentil soup for starters, and it was delivered very quickly.  As soon as the waiter placed the soup on the table, his assistant was there to offer freshly ground pepper and grated parmesean cheese (which, while not grated fresh at the table, looked as if it had been grated recently and placed in the serving dish...It certainly wasn't the canned parmesean that some other "authentic" Italian places offer).While we were waiting for our meals, we'd both drank our sodas about 1/2 way down.  One of the assistant waiters carried them off and returned with fresh sodas a few moments later, and even remembered what we were drinking without asking or being reminded.   Just after our meals were delivered, she returned with 2 glass carafes with more soda, topped our drinks off and left the carafes at the table.I had lasagna and my friend ordered the pasta with 4 cheeses.  Both were very good, and again, as soon as the entrees were brought to the table the staff was there right away with the pepper grinder and grated cheese.Soon after we finished our meals, they offered deserts and coffee.  I had the souffle'al cioccolato, which was a round chocolate cake filled with hot dark chocolate sauce with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on one side, and whipped cream topped with a strawberry on the other.  Talk about heaven! We were both happy with our meals, the service was excellent from every one of the wait staff, and the carafes of soda they brought to the table for refills was a nice touch.  I had the soup, we both had an entree, both had dessert, and I had a cappucino to finish off the meal.  The final bill before tax and tip was about $55.  Not bad at all, especially considering the quality of food, the presentation and the excellent service we received.My only criticism of the entire experience was that our waiter's accent was fairly thick and he was very soft spoken, making it a bit difficult to understand him at times.  While I'm usually pretty good with understaning people who don't speak English as a first language, I probably only understood about 1/2 the specials that he'd told us about.
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,12/24/2010,179,117,6,11,10>is there anything greater then fried food with a latin flair? I think not. I was in the area with limited time and what seemed like limited food options when I remembered this was close by. crowded on both sides of the counter - one side busily hustling to fill orders, the other busily stuffing huge servings of fried seafood away, I knew right away this was going to be a yummy experience.not realizing how big the portions were I ordered the classic pan con minuta sandwich and a side of the rice with fish chunks (sounds better in spanish!). the minuta, battered and deep fried, was perfectly cooked (crispy outside, tender inside) & with some lime and hot sauce added was absolutely delicious. the rice was a little low on seasoning, but once I added a pinch of salt it was mmm mmm good.the service was quick. the prices unbeatable - $8 for all that food (and it was a lot) plus a drink. the food extremely tasty. aside from the location - not an area I visit frequently - this place is a must do! next time I'll be sure to try the fried shrimp I've read so much about.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2010,12/22/2010,64,481,3,7,5>This is no Il Gabbiano or Casa Tua, thank God. This is what my wife and I have been searching for in Miami since Paolo Luigi abruptly closed in Coconut Grove several years ago. A great, home style, red sauce, Italian restaurant, similar to what you would find in Boston, Providence or Staten Island. This is not a gourmet experience, it is just really good home cooked food. In fact, mom and dad are in the kitchen cooking and three of their sons are in the dining room taking care of business. Everyone is very friendly and service is excellent. The small, bite-size garlic rolls are great, not the lighter fluid soaked bombs you get at places like Mario the Baker. The spinach soup is out of this world. The stuffed peppers, the baked ziti with rolled beef and even the pasta with tomato sauce is great. The ricotta cheese cake is out of this world. The only down side is the wine list, it is very short but they do have one nice Chianti Reserva. I think they will let you bring your own bottle, I believe the table next to us brought theirs. If I didn't eat anything else all day, I could eat here almost every night.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2008,7/24/2008,278,388,7,10,7>Moderately priced elegant restaurant with lots of outdoor seating.  The interior is mostly a cool white.  Perfect spot for brunch or dinner. A local's favorite just down the street from Dewey's or Wild Oats.  Good wine selection and delicious seafood salads.  You may even catch a local celeb or two eating incognito, no joke.A friend of a friend of mine works there, Chad.  Not an endorsement, turst me they don't need the advertisement.  But if you if you get the chance, give him a hard time on my behalf ; )
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,7/23/2008,253,216,4,12,8>Manhattan Cafe is one of downtown Miami's best kept secret lunch delivery spots. .I've been ordering lunch from them since 2002.Their soups are usually phenomenal.. My favorites are definitely the potato and carrot and the lentil soups. You usually have to call to find out what their soup of the day is.As for their sandwiches..everything is made to order-- their fresh mozzarella and tomato/prosciutto sandwiches are awesome as is their famous chicken salad sandwich.They serve their sandwiches on delicious baguettes that are just right.If you haven't ordered from here yet, give them a try. You won't regret it!
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2008,7/22/2008,98,163,3,6,3>I've been here over 10 times and have never been disappointed with this Yucutan resto. In fact, it totally squashes the neighboring competition (Paquitos, Lime, Chipotle). Be sure to order the tacos al pastor and chicken flautas...amazing. There's something to be said about the service here, too. The staff is extremely kind and warm. The ambiance feels very homey too, which is quite the feat as Cheen Huaye is located in strip-mall land.As for dessert, we always walk through the shrubs/parking lot to Dippin' Dots. Ole!
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2008,7/21/2008,282,395,2,5,4>I got stressed out because Miami Airport lost my luggage, I was going to detour after for a funeral.  Stress, stress, stress...lucky I've been there, done that.  I told them I need it fast for a shoot and when they called I was eating here.  Less stress because of the crab cakes and the amount of tea I drank.  Five stars for the amazing crab cakes. One off for the uptight snobbery.  It was all I could stomach. Now I can somehow enjoy the wonderful scenery and get back to working.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2008,7/20/2008,19,47,4,5,5>Xixon's excellence is well reflected by the fact that you need to go early or late to get a table, but not too late as its authenticity is such that, as in Spain, the kitchen closes about 8:00 (tapas are not for dinner).  The food is not fancy but it is very good and very authentic and the extensive wine selection (it's also a wine store) is available very inexpensively (European style).  Everything is very, very good so I won't make any particular recommendations.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2008,7/19/2008,244,89,3,3,3>I love this place!!!!!!!!! Every time i go there i have the time of my life....Music is insane,,,and the crowd are always good looking.I was there last Friday and we got a table right in front of the DJ boot. Great spot...the bottles are expensive like anywhere else. I believe to get in you must have lots of pretty girls with you ( guys) and girls you must dress to impress. This Club is great on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays... The Club is not very large, downstairs the DJ plays house in the second floor hip Hop and they also have a private room for VIP ...ha ha
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2008,7/18/2008,103,146,4,7,5>They make it quick, they make it good and they make it cheap.  The portions are enough to feed 2 people and on top of all that, they deliver in the CG neighborhood.It takes a real good Chinese takeout joint for a Chinese person to recommend it to other.  This place is awesome and we order from them about once a week.This little "hole in the wall" takeout joint has been there forever and the quality of the food has been consistent.They have the best Singapore Noodles (the BF can't get enough, we have to order that every time) and the Sasha Beef is magnificent.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,7/16/2008,677,745,4,5,6>Best deal during the WMC! We stayed here last year at the end of March...hotel was nice, amenities were clean and the price was great $100 a night! There was even street parking so we wouldn't have to valet.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2008,7/15/2008,249,469,3,4,4>came here BEFORE i heard and saw all about it on tv, page six, etc. I don't even particularly like miami nightlife but i had soooooooo much fun here. i did come with someone i party with all the time so i guess that adds to it. but music was on point and crowd was having a great time. it was a huge mix of locals, tourists, europeans, everything! very diverse.I know i can go there next time i'm in MiamiMusic: 5    Crowd: 4     Atmosphere: 5++UPDATE: just as fun as i remembered 2 years ago.However, i was on vacation. If this club was in NY, i don't think i'd be sweating it that much..
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2008,7/13/2008,1509,3596,4,9,9>this place is yummy -- i find it much better than taqueria el mexicano down the streeti really enjoyed the combination plate (you can get it as singles, pairs, or trios)the sopes are fresh and softthe marinated pork meat is excellent, esp. with the perfect soft tortillas and abundant, flavor-gushing guacamole (perfectly refreshing)taquito w/chicken, fried wellalso had the adobo pork (flavor bursting!), beef, and tongue tacos -- the meat was tender (esp. the thinly sliced soft pieces of tongue), excellent with onions and lime!shared it all for $20inexpensive -- you should definitely come (red awning is unlabeled so you might miss it if you're walking by, but the sign is higher up)ok maybe i used the description "perfect" and "soft" too much, but there are no other words for itthe things to rave about are the guacamole, the freshness of the tortillas, the marinated pork.  didn't enjoy the carne asada as much since it was a little dry and less marinadespicy tongue taco still excellent (wouldn't get the chorizo or barbacoa, but stick to the others)crowded Sun afternoons, still keep coming for the sopes, quesadilla, tacos -- adobada is incredible.closes at 9:30PM, get your combo #2 before then!place now has expanded in sizetried the potato and chorizo flauta (like a bigger diameter taquito)which was ok but nothing beats the pork adobadafor the taco trio, i recommend: adobada, lengua, and carnitas de cerdodon't forget the limealso tried the torta milanesa de res, nice breading, they spread the beans on the grilled bread, flavor didn't live up to the ones i've had in sf but not badthe food is prepared very quicklyalso liked the burrito chorreado
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,8/18/2011,131,70,6,14,7>One of my favorite types of food is Thai! It's infused with a ton of flavor and has it's own personality when it comes to Asian dishes. Bangkok City is by far my favorite Thai food restaurant. It's located in the heart of Miami next to a run down IHOP. Don't let the location fool you, because the food here exceeds expectations as it continues to reign in a hidden location.My husband and I order the Beef pad thai and the Volcano Pork. The pad thai is sweet and tangy and is probably THE best Pad Thai in Miami. The Volcano Pork is battered in goodness, deep fried and covered with a sweet and sour sauce like no other. I also sometimes indulge in a Thai iced tea. :) If you have a sweet tooth you'll love this treat. It's like having dessert before the meal! I've always had good service here too. Whenever I go it's never been empty! :)The food here is delicious and although I've never had the sushi here I recommend the Thai portion of the menu!!!
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,8/17/2011,147,180,9,15,11>Pink, damask, lingerie ... if the Barbie dream house had a gym, this would be it. Iron Flower is an adorable new gym geared toward women (but they dont exclude men) on Biscayne. And they offer every class you'd ever need to stay in Barbie's shape. Pilates, Cheer, Zumba, yoga, Bar, the classes go on and on and on. Today, I gave Zumba a go. And it was fun. The teacher keeps your heart pumpin' with Miami-esque music and some serious hip action. Yes, I realized I am a white girl without an ounce of Latina rhythm, but I still burned some calories, and that's what it's all about. Iron Flower also offers mani/pedis, facials, massages and more. It's a total go-to spot for health and beauty. And it's adorable, right down to its pink towels to wipe up the sweat from your killer cardio class.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,8/16/2011,620,350,9,17,10>The Stage is a very, very welcome addition to the Midtown area and for those seeking a slighter nicer alternate to Transit Lounge/Tobacco Road.* The Crowd: 30+ nicely-dressed yet laid-back downtown yuppies. Douche-sensor did not go off. :)* The Space: Gorgeous - half-indoor (equipped with a stage) and half-outdoor with plenty of seating, a bar and nice view of downtown.* Entry: No cover on the night I went (Saturday) - if you can't find it, it's right under the overpass in an alley that's not very well-lit. I had to follow the music to be able to believe it was really back there.* Music: Spam Allstars played this night, not sure what they usually have going on. I'm happy to report that their soundsystem is kickin'* Drink Prices: $10 for a mixed drink, but they do serve them in very appropriately sized glasses. Bartenders were quick, friendly and covered their areas well.Overall, the night went on without a hitch. They did a great job making this place look great and having a really fun, laid-back vibe. Kudos!
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,8/14/2011,83,148,6,7,8>Think: Mall courtyard dining fancy- funky-grandma-style. I know that sounds like a weird dynamic that's hard to wrap your mind around, but, it's kind of what I took away from it. It's an open cafe in the middle of a chi-chi mall in the Design District with perimeters that are defined by the placement of sofas, white-wrought iron furniture, tables, chairs, and a walk-through garden trellis.  Like Jimmy'z, you order at a counter and get a number, take a seat, and wait, which establishes from the get-go that this place is cas-2 the-ual despite all the dapperly dressed art folk who flutter about this neighborhood. Service is really great, but you'd expect that from a Michelle Bernstein restaurant, so, being that none of the waiters here do that spiffy but pointless I'm-going-to-fold-your-used-napkin-into-some-kind-­of-origami-shape-while-you're-in-the-can trick like they do at Michy's, let's just skip over service and dive right into the food. I went with a friend who was equally eager to check this place out, so we decided to order two sandwiches and two soups, and share. She also had the lemonade, which I had a couple of sips of and it tasted like the sugary, fresh squeezed variety you used to whip up as a kid and try to sell for extra candy (or in my case, Garbage Pale Kids card collecting) money. We tried out the grilled cheese and the messy, hot rotisserie chicken sandwich. If they were to have a cage match, I'd say the chicken sandwich won, hands down. It came with a really good, soft but crusty bread and a good savory/sweet flavor with tons of goat cheese (always a good idea), spinach leaves, chicken, sliced pears, and a vinaigrette that kind of made the sandwich soggy in a good way. The grilled cheese was good, pumped full of some high quality cheese I'm too lazy to refer to the menu to mention in this review, but it was pretty basic and the bread was less impressive than the bread on the chicken sandwich. I found myself dipping the grilled cheese into my split pea soup (also, not so impressive, Lemoni makes a better one with cilantro in it, but their other soup of the day, a cold cauliflower soup, was surprisingly refreshing in an interesting milky kind of way). Sides-wise if you have a choice between the couscous and the potato chips, go for the chips, they're pretty tasty. I didn't try any desserts -- although I was tempted to get the whole wheat chocolate chip cookies -- but I already felt my thighs growing after the grilled cheese, so I figured I'd indulge next trip.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,8/13/2011,708,615,5,8,8>Morgans in Wynwood is my go-to restaurant whenever I am looking for a simple yet great meal. Even though that location is closer to where I live, when I heard they were expanding to South Beach, I wanted to immediately check it out. I attended their soft opening last night for dinner and can already tell it's going to become a hot spot. It's located on Purdy Ave in the old Joe Allen space right by Pubbelly, Burger and Beer and the future Pubbelly Sushi and Barcelona Mercat. Needless to say, it's turning into a culinary hub. You'll immediately recognize the Morgans logo painted on the side of the lavender building. Unfortunately, there's no outside patio seating that I can't seem to get enough of at the other location. Instead, you walk around the side of the building into the restaurant where the full-bar immediately catches your eye and a partition divides that section from the rest of the restaurant. The menu here is larger than the other location- they have five different kinds of pizza (my friend ordered the goat cheese that was loaded with spinach, roasted garlic and tomatoes), more appetizers like spinach artichoke dip and a quesadilla, and more salads and sandwiches. Unfortunately, my favorite Morgan's Salad isn't on the menu but they do have other replacements. I tried the skirt steak pita with baby spinach, feta cheese and mint-sour cream dressing. It was good but not the best thing I've ever ate at Morgans. They are going to have brunch on the weekends which might turn into the best brunch on the beach. I'll probably stick to the tried and true Wynwood location for awhile but it's nice to know this is here when I'm looking for a fix.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,8/12/2011,223,72,10,14,13>Mai Tardi dishes up consistently good, satisfying Italian. They've changed up the menu to be more tapas-style but everything is still delicious - the  carpaccio, mozzarella di bufala, gnocchi, risotto and the pizzas are all perennial favorites.The standout feature of Mai Tardi is, of course, the outdoor seating. It's so luxurious to sit under the huge banyan tree and twinkly lights on a cool Miami night. Mai Tardi remains one of the most relaxed yet chic destinations in the Design District. An easy choice for happy hour or a late weeknight dinner.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,8/11/2011,504,281,11,12,12>I've been wanting to come here for brunch however ended up coming for dinner when Seasons 52 was too packed. I am actually very glad that we ended up here and I am looking forward to returning for dinner, brunch, lunch, whatever.They have a pretty extensive beer selection for such a small location, a lot of craft beers and at good prices too. Rogue, Stone, Avery and others are all represented which makes me a happy Gables gal.There is an interesting feature to make your entrée a four course meal for only an additional $10. I wish that I had taken advantage of it but seeing as how I was heading to the airport, I didn't have enough time. That will have to wait for my next visit. I had the Golden Tomato Soup and while the soup itself was savory, the crunchy cheesy crouton that came in it was really the star. I definitely could have gone for seconds. Luckily I didn't so there was enough room for the yummy rich gnocchi. If you have read any of my reviews before, you know that I am PICKY when it comes to this particular dish. Seriously. Here I found it to be quite well made, soft and lush enough without being gummy. The sauce was creamy and garlicky, which I enjoy but I do feel that something could have been added for a slight kick. I am a spice junkie after all. While I did not get to try any of the desserts, I did get to pass by the glass case where they were sitting and they looked ab-so-lute-ly di-VINE! I am quite looking forward to returning here, soon I hope.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,8/9/2011,250,256,14,29,24>I LOVE Club Space. I've been going there for years and was a weekly regular at one point. It's an unruly beast, however, so to optimize your Club Space experience, consider the following.It is one of the most longstanding clubs in Miami and one of the best known clubs in the world. Yeah, they kinda ripped the name off Space Ibiza, but it's a minor offense so try to find it in your heart to forgive LP and his crew. You'll be glad you did. Your heart will flutter. Your mouth will salivate. You will begin to feel beads of sweat forming on your chest. Your body will pulsate with the bass, thumping through every fiber of your being. And you will have not even entered the club yet, because all that is just the anticipation you feel when crossing the threshold is imminent. You will hear Alan T. before you see him, but you'll know him when you do. Don't even try to beg a favor if you don't know him or aren't dressed in the chicest of fashions. You may catch a glimpse of the entertainment for the night: gorgeous go-go dancers made up in costumes dreamt up by the craziest of minds.As you get ready for your visit, consider the door policy. It is one reason why I love Space so much. The general idea is "come as you are." Wanna wear a hat? Ok. Sporting your college tee? Sure. Prefer to wear sneakers? Damn right! You better wear shoes because this place gets nasty. No door drama here, because if your money (or your credit) is good, you're welcome at Space. Yes, there can be a line, but it moves fast (WMC notwithstanding).Don't be an ass to the door staff. You don't know them, so don't call out to them, even if your cousin's babysitter's mother-in-law told you one of their names. They don't care. Wait your turn, do as you are told, and you will be given your chance. Don't complain about the entrance fee, because if you don't want to pay it, there are hundreds of other people who will. Know what to expect. This is a huge club with an extremely loud sound system and an exceptionally sophisticated lights and visuals show. It's dark and there's nowhere for you to sit unless you buy bottles. It's a DANCE club, after all, so give that a shot. Bring cash, because you will be served more quickly and you really don't want a bartender in a dark club holding on to your credit card (or worse, debit card) and ID anyway. Be nice to your bartender (and patient) and you will be served efficiently with strong drinks for a fair price. Don't bring anything dangerous, don't start shit with the bouncers, don't try to skip out on your bill, and don't even THINK about bringing illegal substances into the club. They are strict at Space because they are nightlife pros, and if you're just here to have a good time, that should make you feel more comfortable, not less.Space brings top DJs from all over the world, so figure out who's spinning at what time when you go. Go upstairs; the terrace is primo at sunrise, even as a solarium. The club has a 24-hour liquor license and will stay open as long as people are spending money.Those who complain about the prices at Space should consider for a moment what one month's FPL bill might look like at a warehouse that size. Or payroll taxes for the entire staff. Or, most of all, DJ fees for some of the biggest names in the world.Bottom Line: Space is the pinnacle of the megaclub in this country. You simply must go, at least once. A visit to Space is, and was designed to be, an experience.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,8/8/2011,132,69,3,12,10>YUMMY! O-M-G after you've tried this place all other Fritanga places seem mediocre at best. The meat is of course their selling point, I was tired of getting dry meat at Fritangas and was seriously about to give them up altogether until my mom introduced me to Pinolandia.The one downside to this place is parking and that it's ALWAYS busy, No matter what time you go! Fortunately for me, they just opened up a location in Cutler Bay literally across the street from my house! Please visit this location folks (it's right off the 184th exit on Tpike in the shopping center where Le Petite Academy is)... I would hate to see them close down like the last 2 restaurants that were there.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,8/7/2011,43,119,5,5,4>Came here during Miami Spice and like the hot mess that I am, I forgot to review it immediately after dining there.After trying to come a time before with my best friend (without reservations) and being advised that they were completely booked, we made reservations for the following week because we absolutely couldn't miss out.We got there a bit early and were tended to at the bar, as the restaurant was still opening. Didn't wait long after our arrival and we were sat at a table with a beautiful view. Our waiter was awesome (everyone there is actually quite awesome actually - very polite, attentive and helpful). I don't remember exactly what I had (or if they even have it on their main menu since I went for Miami Spice), but I do remember getting a complimentary "pre-appetizer" and complimentary pastries courtesy of the pastry chef. EVERYTHING was delicious though, so I feel confident in recommending just about anything and assuring that it will be delicious and delightful.The Mandarin Oriental is also a gorgeous hotel, so before or after dinner you can grab a drink at the hotel bar, sit outside and enjoy. HOWEVER (and that's a big however), the valet parking fees are ridiculous. I believe the night we went it was $15 and we were there for about an hour since we made reservations and the staff is on point with bringing out the food. Soooo, that's the only downside for me. Everything else is top notch!
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2009,4/12/2010,420,662,10,13,11>I have a crush on this hair studio. Like, a super duper mega crush. I've been gushing about them to anyone who'll listen, and I'm not about to stop anytime soon. I found this gem of a salon thanks to Yelp - oh how I love you fellow Yelpers, you are so wise. I made an appointment for cut and color - I'd been going on the cheap to Aveda Institute, seeing students, but I decided enough was enough. Time to get serious with the locks.They book appointments almost anytime, so after work was no prob. I LOVED the place from the minute I walked in. Uber hip. Fishtank, eclectic art, comfy couch, candy, and beer. Todd went to work on my locks, chopping away at my dry hair. He was cool, casual, totally unpretentious in every way. Made me feel super comfortable. And he really knows his way around a cutting shear - my hair looked fab. After his work of art was complete, I was in Michaelangelo's hands. This man is THOROUGH. He asked me tons of questions, really addressed my wants and needs - more than any colorist ever has. And the end product was absolutely amazing. I was a little nervous about low lights because I like my blonde light, but he assuaged my fears and gave me a simply spectacular dimensional color. And his pooch, Lola, was the cutest little curly haired pup ever.I couldn't be happier with the end result. I never thought I could love my hair again like this, or take so much pride in it. These guys make the whole experience incredibly pleasant. They get super bonus points because:They actually care about saving you money. Prices are reasonable, they don't try to load you up with overpriced products, they made a suggestion on how I might be able to keep the cost down, and they don't tell you to come back every two weeks. Plus, free bang trims by Todd! I have NEVER in my life been to a nice salon that didn't want to rob you blind. That in itself is a mind-blowing feat.They're totally cool and not "salonish" whatsoever. They really respect their customers and it shows. They rock.I am so thrilled to have found this place. Thanks Yelpers, you guys are the best! I will be recommending this place to everyone I see and know. I only hope Todd and Michaelangelo will still have time for me when they're Miami's hottest attraction. ;)
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,4/11/2010,43,42,9,13,8>I made the journey over the Rickenbacker causeway continuing my never-ending quest for flavor driven food. Having read what some of my fellow Yelpers had to say about Ayesha, I was curious to see if it lived up to all the chatter. We started off with some butter and garlic naan. Both were very, very good. The naan was light and airy on the inside, while picking up a nice crusty outer layer from the tandoori oven. The naan here is a great way to kick things off. They also started us off with some sort of baked, buttery, crispy chip thing with a spicy onion dip. I'm not sure what it was, but we cleared three rounds of it, so I can say with great confidence that we enjoyed whatever it was. As my main I ordered the chicken tikka masala (spicy). I thought the chicken was cooked perfectly and overall the flavor was excellent. There may or may not have been a bit too much curry in mine, but I suppose that ends up being a personal opinion depending on ones relationship with curry. Also on the table was the chicken tandoori, which was awesome in taste and aroma. I will probably order a tandoori dish on my next visit. The main courses are served with rice, and I think the average price for an entree was about 15$. The service was slow, mainly because the owner is also the waiter and the host and the chef and the engineer and the lighting and sound guy. All in all, Ayesha offers up some very good Indian food. The Yelpers are on point for the most part. Not sure it's a 5 star place, I would say more of a 3.5 or 4, but definitely worth the trip out to the Key of Biscayne. PS. This is my first review as an Elite squad member, and boy oh boy does it feel good!
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,4/9/2010,969,161,43,25,25>My goal at the "wettie" was to meet famed professor, Dr. George Milianaire yelp.com/user_details?us…. We were both PhD (playa hater degree) candidates at the University of Yelp Miami and now have the unique opportunity to work together on a National Institute of Dionysian Technology grant.In the fashion befitting a summa cum laude graduate, the co-principal investigator was already 'working' when I arrived. He was field sampling what I hypothesized was a full glass of iced tea, turned out to be a "triple" of Dr. Jack Daniels' inebriating fluid. The experiment of the evening was to record the amount of alcoholic solutions two almost non-human primates could imbibe, without succumbing to severe liver trauma. Needless to say we collected a considerable amount of data.The alcoholic chemical engineers prepare solutions so damn cheap that even post doctoral pepper students can afford them (it is on the first floor of a research building after all).Being scientists, we are much too busy to eat balanced diets. The metabolic kitchen satisfies with a menu that share two taxonomic properties in the food hierarchy...everything is fried and cost-effective (and sometimes free).The function of the Wetlab is to provide research teams with the necessary lab supplies to conduct on-site fermented sugar studies. You can feel comfortable buying a round, without having to call to increase your credit limit first. No matter how tight your fiscal budget is, you can certainly afford $15 of funding to get completely mashed up. Thank you for reading our research summary and expect that all of you will read our paper --"The role of molecular gastronomy paired with fermented alcohol solutions in the human primate behavioral system". Best Regards,Dr. Rony Moral-Less, PHD, PharmD, Chair of the Department of Zymurgy, Yelp Center for Dipsophilia, Pharmaceutical and Culinary Sciences.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,4/8/2010,147,180,10,23,12>Confession: I hadn't colored my hair in almost a year. A year! I could actually see what my REAL hair color was--intertwined with grey, nonetheless. Yikes. I heard about Red Market opening in Bal Harbour Shops and was eager to try it out. The salon is hot with splashes of red, of course, throughout. Red chairs, red mirrors, red art--it all works when paired with the salon's open, clean white backdrop. The staff is all cool and funky in a way you'd expect of people who work with hair. I was greeted by the owner, who complimented my haircut. He hails from Leon, France and is just as charming as the salon itself. My colorist was great, too. She painted what shorter than short hair I have a nice deep brown to perk me up and make my locks feel new. I was happy to see the salon had a flatscreen TV parked right in front of the shampoo bowl so you can entertain yourself while they wash the dye right out of your hair. My colorist blew out my hair and let me style it how I liked and then sent me on my way, happy as a lark and feeling like a new me--sans pesky grey hairs. I was most impressed with how quickly the whole transformation took, less than an hour. I can't wait to see her again when those greys start to rear their ugly heads. And I know it will be an in and out trip well worth every second of my time.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,4/7/2010,22,189,10,14,11>I HATE cupcakes. I am not a cupcake person AT ALL. I don't like PB&J and I don't like driving all the way to sunset for a bakery, but from now on, I'm going to have to. I was convinced by all the hype about this place and knew my fellow ketchup-hater Rebecca would not yelp me wrong. Sweetness is a bit hard to find. You can barely see the sign. We passed the place twice before we actually found it. It's nestled in a corner after 94th and before 97th st. Seeing as how their small cupcakes are only $1 I decided to try the ones that looked the yummyest.I was immediatelt drawn to the banana split, but soon realized the ganash frosting was not for me. Then I tried the guyabera and boy was I amazed. I had VERY high expectations for this tiny cupcake and they were exceeded. The pb&j was my second choice. Delecable peanuty goodness complemented by grape jelly. Amazing. Thanks to the yelp offer I am now driving home with 3 more cupcakes (buy 5 get 1 free) and could not be more excited. The cupcakes are also diet friendly, no they aren't fat free or less calories but they are tiny, so you don't feel as guilty indulging into these morsels of gooey goodness.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,4/6/2010,34,306,7,11,8>How have I not reviewed Vialetto before? I love this place Their champagne risotto is heaven. Literally, heaven. I have a feeling when I get to heaven (yes, I'm going there, I have paid my dues here) dinner will consist of this perfect pairing of arborio rice, parmesan, champagne, and cream. The raviolis are amazing. It is hard to pick my favorite, as I love the pumpkin, short rib, habana (lechon and black bean), and rabo encendido equally. Always cooked al dente with enough sauce to complement the pasta. The funk and bomb are exactly that. You cannot miss out on either of these desserts. My favorite being the chocolate one. My complaints are that the fish dishes are plain strange, the menu choices are mostly heavy, the prices a bit high (almost every time I come we end up spending at least $40 per person). , and the wait at times is insane. However, with that said I've never had a bad meal there and it makes a great date night choice.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,4/5/2010,75,118,13,17,16>I was scared to go, I was a weenie for exotic fish. I feared I would insult Kevin. What if I had to spit something out because I didn't like the taste? How could I do that in such an intimate Japanese setting? I had the most amazing meal in my life, NAOE. I straight up refuse to each sushi/nigiri at any other locale. My grandmother was obsessed with Japanese culture, I grew up in a Japanese inspired Connecticut home. I was channeling my late Nana as I ate at NAOE. She would have been so impressed. Kevin is a magician. Never have I seen a person communicate through knives. Watching him cut and prep was magic. Sharing sake with him was a pleasure. But above all, this dinner was an experience. From the glassware, the placement of the glasses an the bento box, to the flavors exploding on your tongue and the family brewed sake, to the taxi ride home...I cannot wait to return. I've uploaded a couple of pictures to add to the current collection. If you are a little weary, like I was, put faith into Kevin, he's not going to make you food that doesn't taste good. Where else can you have monk fish liver? It's possibly better than foie. Need I say more?!
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2009,4/4/2010,12,67,3,7,6>WOW! Amazing!!! Firstly we went on a Saturday at 1:00pm, already a 15 minute wait. We sat at the bar and ordered beers. The bartender was super friendly, as was the hostess. There are a bunch of TVs around playing sports but you can't hear them. They play a fun mix of music, mostly popular rock and pop songs from the 60's-90's. I felt like I was in NYC.We started with the chicken wings, which are marinated, roasted and served with a heap of grilled onions on top and slices of foccacia underneath. They're not at all spicy, not terribly messy, and they don't come with any kind of dipping sauce like I'm used to. Very tasty nevertheless. Don't eat too many though, save room for the pizza because it's filling!!One person wanted a pizza to himself. He ordered a small half pepperoni and half Meatball & Ricotta. I tried a piece of the Meatball and WOW was it delicious, kind of rich and heavy even though the crust is on the thin side. Then the other person and I ordered another pie with half Eggplant Marino and half mushrooms & calamata olives. The Eggplant Marino rocked my world!! A fantastic vegetarian option. They batter and bake the eggplant. The sauce is thick and flavorful. Just enough cheese. Some might consider the crust burnt, but they do clearly warn you that the pizza is "Well Done". Just be careful if you're on a date and choose to eat the pizza with your hands because it will leave black dust all over you lol.While bringing one of the pizzas to the table the waitress accidentally dropped a slice on the floor. They gave us the pizza plus made us an entirely new pizza, which we took home. The manager came to our table to apologize, very friendly and nice of them! Plus we took home left over wings and a few more slices from the pizzas we ate. The food is very filling!One final note, the only dessert they serve is NY Style Cheesecake, which we didn't have, but I saw a lot of people ordering it and it looked good.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,4/3/2010,61,55,5,8,8>LOU'S BEER GARDEN is the friendliest place in Miami! The place has great energy. You'll be sure to make some friends at Lou's. Starting from the bartender, to the waiter to the other patrons chilling having a beer, everyone is there to kick it and have a good time.What a diamond in the rough! It's located on 72nd and Harding, which consists of 1960s-1970s (i think) small, two-story buildings. It's a nice, quaint area right by the beach. Fluorescent sign pops out from the side walk: Lou's Beer Garden... it welcomes you.You walk into the pool area of the New Hotel. Recently renovated, simple and chic. There's a small bar and a couple tables. They have a delicious selection of beers on draft and some really great wines. I highly recommend the pino noir.. it's the last wine on the menu - delicious!The food is a whole different story! Some of my favorites: the shrimp sauteed in garlic, the squid stuffed with chorizo, the salad with Roquefort cheese. I can't wait to go back.They also have live jazz on Fridays. Why not 5 starts? I wish they had better tunes every night. The place would be bumpin'... I guess it will come with time.Enjoy Lou's. I know you will.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,4/2/2010,341,375,25,22,23>///ding ding ding///Now entering the ring, the number one contender for "Best Burger in Miami"     JUMBO'S!!!!weighing in at a perfectly cooked1/2 pound of  ground beef       For $5 and some change you will get this beastly burger with an uppercut of mac'n'cheese and stiff jab of fries in your face     accompanying this burger to my table was the lovely Dee who provides service with a smile    it's all I need and thats what I gotthe neighborhood isn't great but go to hell, it's worse there
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/21/2014,343,219,7,11,10>We couldn't have asked for a better night. I couldn't have asked for better companionship. Sawa was rocking as always with their live show and their amazing food along flawless service. The weather was perfect, low humidity, no wind , our rooftop was the many royal palms at Merrick Park which parted slightly between each other leaving space for a twinkle or two of the glistering stars that were in the sky. We came to hookah and wine down with Melot and Pinot Grigio. At first when we came there were no tables but the manager Pavel quickly got us a table. We were seated in a very inclosed space and there a child by us so we asked to be moved. We didn't feel confortable  smoking in a closed space with poor ventilation and we didn't want to smoke next to a child.The manager  Pavel was very accommodating right away, placed us with very little to none wait time in the beautiful outdoor patio by the palms and the stage to enjoy our perfected blue mist with mint hookah. The service is on point. At the beginning our server was Mr Chong, he was great and attentive, then he left and Nadia came to serve us. She was great, very very friendly and would check on us often to make sure that we had great hookah time, providing fresh coals and that our wine glasses were filled. We stayed for countless hours, and since closing places is apparently our trademark this was no different. There was absolutely no one left around two thirty in the morning,it was just us. We had the place to ourselves, regardless the service was still on point, it was romantic, intimate and very personal. The manager Pavel was nothing but amazing, the perfect service provider , the perfect gentleman. As a nightcap he gave both me and my partner a pair of champagne flutes to cap our night and it was very welcome. We both love champagne and for our last puffs of hookah it was the perfect compliment. Sawa and their wonderful staff from their hostess, to the server, to their manager, they all contributed a small grain of sand to making this our best date ever. Karen and I we were ecstatic and blissfully happy enough to make this our regular spot and keep coming for more and bring our friends. I'm actually pretty sure i want to spending my birthday here.Thank you Sawa for the great memories and thank you Ana Maria (hostess), Mr. Chong (waiter), Ms. Nadia (waitress), Mr. Pavel (manager) and Thank you Karen for all you do, no wonder every kiss begins with K.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,5/20/2014,42,59,5,9,7>I've been eyeing this place for a while now but never have decided to pull the trigger until today. When we first arrived, we noticed that the parking is extremely limited considering there's only 4 parking spots and 1 of them is a handicap. All the parkings were taken except the handicap and we weren't looking to break the law at the moment, so decided to park in the grass lot next to it. As we were walking through the door, I noticed that the seating inside was extremely limited. Pretty much there was 5 stools by the bar and two high-top table for two each of them. Since there was 3 of us we opted to sit outside and be more comfortable. This is possibly the only reason why I did not give this place the 5 stars. I requested from the waitress what she would recommend from the menu and she picked the truffle pizza (don't remember the exact name). She promised we would love it, so we took her advise and it was a great decision. We also ordered the pesto pizza because I loooove pesto (not a typo). I did check the reviews and thanks to that we ordered the bruschetta, which was really good and fresh. The pizza's are thin and full of flavor. After tasting both the truffle and the pesto pizzas, I have a difficult time choosing one over the other. Both pizzas bring different flavors to the table and each ingredient compliments the other. Maybe, if i wasn't biased to the Pesto I would probably choose the truffle pizza. Don't misjudge me when i call it the truffle pizza because it has a few more ingredients like ham and button mushrooms.Needless to say, I will definitely be coming back and will be looking for that dukedom. The only reason they did not get my 5 star rating was due to the lack of parking and seating.A must try for anyone!
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,5/19/2014,130,43,4,9,7>They should call this place Soul-Runners, because when you're here you really feel like you're being helped out by a genuine individual. I've been to this shop a few times and have referred at least 10 of my friends whom have gone and purchased shoes the same day. Pro's:They provide friendly and low pressure service during your selection and really focus on finding "the right shoe". The staff is very knowledgeable when it comes to explaining the reasons why one shoe will work better for you than another. Instead of just suggesting shoes based on what looks good they actually bring a bit of science to the equation. First comes the fitting using the traditional sizing tool (learned recently that my left foot is slightly larger than my right foot). After a bit of questioning regarding your running history, what kind of training you'll be doing and what not, comes the test fit. From there you are put on a treadmill and asked to run how you normally run while the staff member uses an IPAD to record your running gait. From there using a pretty sleek little software the associate visually shows you the breakdown of your run pattern and will suggest the type of show that will help improve your running. In my case I tend to be an over pronator and the show I was fit for was one that had more stability. They have the usual policy regarding returns/exchanges but in the past I was able to exchange a pair of shoes after taking them home to test out because it turned out they were just slightly too tight. Its a great experience each time. As an extra plus, they have a weekly Run Club which is free and open to runners of all athletic abilities. Cons:I wish they had more variety for those of us that have wide feet.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,5/18/2014,39,26,8,17,10>Just what downtown needed!I'm a fan of after hours spots and strip clubs and this is it. So excited to have this place downtown. I went with friends a little after midnight and had a great time. FYI they had sooooo many girls working every other girl was a stripper! And if you're not into girls in g strings just ask to take the elevator to the roof. I will be taking friends for sure! Likes: * The rooftop restaurant with tons of couches and tables.* Multiple bars * The strippers were nice. * Nice Doormen & security* Service was fast although they got my first drink wrong. * Creative performances from GoGos, aerialists, and contortionists. Dislikes:* Expensive drinks* Lack of variety in music* Elevator wasn't working from the second floor when we went. * Lack of dance floor. Would be nice if they had nights were the dance floor is open.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,5/17/2014,28,60,3,15,8>Exquisite. This place transcends the restaurant dining experience. Must start with the point of contention ... the price. This isn't cheap, but you are not "paying for dinner." This is a culinary experience. It is almost like an evening at a museum and Chef Cory is the curator. You learn about foods you have never heard of, let alone tasted. As we left our dinner at NAOE, I realized I have never been to a restaurant that so satisfied my stomach and soul. Every course is presented by member of the cordial and informative wait staff. They explain everything on the plate, and why it is considered a delicacy - e.g. hello, fish liver! The wait staff were attentive without being annoying, and I almost considered coordinating some kind of after dinner nightcap with them! You have to make reservations via OpenTable well in advance, as they only have two seatings each evening for about 12 guests. I was surprised that some reviewers mention leaving NAOE still hungry. There is a ton of food for your money! Granted, it isn't pasta, burgers or the like, but we are talking about a 12-ish course meal, friends! Also, a sidenote: they are expanding! They just underwent some renovations in the main restaurant and they are set to soon open a lunch-time joint next-door! If you are somewhat of a foodie, into trying new tastes, and have the opportunity to splurge on a once-in-a-lifetime Miami dining experience, this is definitely your place!
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,5/16/2014,47,28,7,15,10>TL;DR: Go.  Try it.  YUM.Taiwan is the country of my people.The milk tea here is the milk tea of my people.  O. M. G.  :)  Totally beats Lan Pan, Lollicup, etc. "boba milk teas" by far!The boy and I had just gone to Taiwan this past winter (my umpteenth time back, his first time there).  He fell in love with my favorite drink: milk tea with pudding, no ice, half sugar, plox.So, here at Chatime, the boy went and got the standard milk tea.  The person putting it together did make a mistake (accidentally gave him the pearls/bubbles, though he didn't want that), but it wasn't a big deal because he doesn't mind them.  She offered to remake the drink, but he waved her off (nice customer service).  :)I went out on a limb and tried the matcha mousse drink... because, obviously, anything with matcha powder is S2 (love).  lol!They put their own "whipped cream" like substance on the top of the drink and mix up some kind of matcha (green tea-flavored) mix at the bottom.  All in all, it is deeeeeeeelishus.So, yeah.  Go.  Try it.  It is of the yum.  It speaks to my tastebuds in my native language.  ;)And I'm sort of lucky that it's far away or else I'd be poor and fat.  :)ALSO: For the record, Google Maps tried to take me somewhere stupid when I entered the address as it appears on Yelp.  If you aren't as familiar with Brickell... you'll find this lovely shop on Brickell Ave, between SE 8th and SE 10th street.If you're heading south on Brickell Ave, it'll be on your left.You're welcome!  ;)
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,5/14/2014,82,94,7,16,10>I left this place singing, " 'Cuz I'm happy....", not because it was playing inside but because I had a nice experience.This is the type of place that, If you're not already in a good mood, will put you in a good mood. This is the type of place that you leave and will tell your friends about if they don't already know about it. This is the type of place you go to on a completely empty stomach. Their hot dogs are gi-normous, at least for me they are,  cleverly named after South Florida sports teams (the U, Miami Heat, etc.)  and unique (one hot dog has sweet plantains, a fried egg and Guava sauce!).I greeted by Victor, who is as nice and attentive as nice and attentive can be, in a genuine way. Great customer service!  This casual place is located in a small strip mall going west on Calle Ocho. It seats about six people inside with a table for for outside. Prices are comparable to another hot dog place I know of that's located in the Biscayne Boulevard area. If you like reasonably priced good food with great service from a small independently owned business, then check out this place. Eat in or take your dog's to go. Oh, and try the Crack Pie they sell here. The secret ingredient in the pie that had me dancing at the cash register is sweetened condensed milk. .. 'cuz I'm happy... you'll be happy too.P.S. Minimum $10 purchase on a credit card. No American Express accepted.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,5/13/2014,138,146,7,11,9>Ich liebe Schnitzel Haus!   If you aren't careful, you can easily breeze by this place and miss the parking lot that's tucked away under a billboard off 79th street.  Walk through the gate in the parking lot and you are suddenly transported to a quaint, picturesque biergarten in Frankfurt.  Little tables are scattered about with colorful pillows on the seats and small scrubs act as privacy partitions.  The bar has a large projector screen that shows games etc. Let's not forget the inside of the restaurant that reminds me of my Grandma's dining room adorned with old black and white photos and even preztels hanging from the ceiling.  Twinkle lights, German music and candles on the tables set the mood for.... drum roll please.... some serious SCHNITZEL ACTION.  They have all kinds of authentic German/Bavarian cuisine - sausage platters with red cabbage and potatoes, pretzels with mustard, sauerbraten, rahm schnitzel, jager schnitzel, filet mignon with bleu cheese sauce,  and even a killer brie with honey garlic sauce appetizer.  I've been here over 10 times and have never had a bad meal.  Generous portions and tons of love go into this food.  The servers are all amazing.  Don't get me started on das bier!  They have Krumbucker, Bitburger and Franziskaner - all the German favorites.  The only one I haven't seen is Schofferhoffer, but maybe they are hiding that in the back for special occasions?  If you are cutting back on calories, get the pint.  If you are feeling more adventurous, get the liter.  If you want to prove you have the liver of a champion and can compete with the best of them at Beer Fest, get DAS BOOT ($29).  I have never been able to finish one myself, but came close a few times.  Watch out for the dreaded bubble.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,5/12/2014,284,497,9,17,11>Thanks to Johnny T. who put on the Eat Like a Local lunch, I got to experience Filipino food for the first time. Vegetarians/ Vegans - let me put you at ease, they do have a vegetarian section on the menu even though the focus is clearly meat, meat and more meat in all kinds of sauces and stews. It seems to be a family owned business. You order at the counter and they gladly answer questions about the food. The pictures on the menu also help. There are two different menus, one with breakfast and street food, another with main dishes, rice and noodles.None of the food looks particularly pretty but the flavor in the sauces is where it's at. I started with the Lumpia Sariwa, a fresh spring roll stuffed with julienned vegetables, peanuts and tofu, served with this amazing sweet and garlicky peanut sauce. This is not a fried spring roll but more of a soft egg batter crepe. From the freshness of the wrapper, I am guessing it was home made. Get two of these and you're full already.The vegetarian Kare Kare was delicious. Large chunks of eggplant, bok choy and green beans in a big bowl of dark brown peanut sauce. My understanding is that they thicken the sauce with toasted ground rice. It was neither oily nor spicy, instead you really get lots if peanut flavor and just a little saltiness. My one wish is that they offer brown rice, even though it might make it less authentic. The white rice just has no flavor, besides its lack of nutrition.Prices are reasonable. Affordability paired with what appears to be authentic home cooking, brings a constant influx of Filipino customers. Who knew that even existed in Miami?Now for dessert, they do have a good variety, none of them I am familiar with except flan, and even a few pastries on display at the register. I went with what I knew, banana wrapped in a spring roll wrapper and crispy fried. Yum Yum capital YUM! The banana was super-ripe and sweet, combined with the crispy wrapper and the purple yam ice cream completely addictive. The ice cream is disturbingly purple but it tastes nothing like it looks. It has this intense coconut flavor and I believe the yam just adds starch/ creaminess. I would love to come back to try some of the street food. Definitely a hidden gem.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,5/11/2014,72,111,7,14,9>Back in the day (and I mean, many mango seasons ago), there was a little chicken place in Washington Heights (...if you don't know where that is, you need to get out more!) They would sell you a snack box with three pieces of fried chicken and a roll for $1.50 - the snack box became so popular that the lines would go out the door and around the corner. One day it was close to closing and the lines were still very long. Vincent, the owner, decided to stay open so he wouldn't disappoint all of those people still waiting. From that day on, they were open 24 hours a day....and the lines kept getting longer.Caporal Chicken was an institution in Washington Heights (New York City) for over forty years. After a successful run, Vincent and family decided to make a go of it here in South Florida. Lucky for me, they picked West-Tami Kendall to open up shop and start serving that famous snack box (deliciously priced at $5.00). As a fried chicken aficionado, I can honestly tell you, you haven't had fried chicken until you've tasted Caporal Chicken.Nestled into a shopping plaza on 147th avenue and SW 8th Street, this small shop is serving out fried chicken 24 hours a day. You read right... Twenty-Four Hours every day. The chicken is perfectly marinated, battered, and fried in a way that leaves you wanting more.  The menu is simply priced and the best part is ALL PRICES INCLUDE TAXES!Take it from the guy that ordered a Chicken and Waffles at 3:00 am on a Saturday then came back an hour later with friends to order more fried chicken to go. It was absolutely heavenly.  The waffles are made to order from a old style waffle maker, the batter is one hundred percent homemade. Nothing frozen here.The shop is small, a few inside tables and outside seating is available as well. It is clean, and reminds me of those small diners that had character back in the day. The staff is friendly, welcoming, and ready to help you walk away full and satisfied. Most patrons order the food to go which is packed in simple white boxes and paper bags. No frills here, but plenty of delicious flavor!Whether you're looking to feed your family something simple and quick or coming off that late party or club, you'll find the doors open and the chicken frying. Caporal Chicken is already creating buzz in the neighborhood and have been visited by local celebrity foodies and bloggers and in this short time, I have become a raving fan. So next time you're hankering for that late night snack, take a drive a little further west on Tamiami Trail and come to my neighborhood. Caporal Chicken will be waiting for you....Remember, this chicken is:  "SABROSITO HASTA EL HUESITO"Tip:  They fry the chicken in small batches to maintain freshness. So sit down, watch some TV, check-in on Yelp, Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Tell all your friends about it while you wait for your order.  But, don't be surprised when they show up!
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/18/2013,31,99,7,8,5>The Ramen snob inside me says yes but my wallet says no!  At first glance, oxtail ramen for 29 dollars, tonkotsu ramen for 19 dollars does sound pretty pricey but all of that went out the window when I drank my first sip of that deliciously slow cooked, smooth broth in my tonkotsu ramen.  Honestly its way worth the 20 dollars, if you've ever been to Ippudo in NY or other comparable Ramen places, that's how much it cost.  I hardly ever rate a place 5 stars, especially a Japanese restaurant in Miami but this is a solid 5 stars.  What makes a good tonkotsu/pork belly ramen is a broth that's been cooked so long in the pork bones that it turns the soup white, the flavors of the bone marrow, pork bones, and fat melting into the soup base.  The ramen noodles were smooth and nicely cooked and wasn't too soft like the ones in those pre-made packages.  My Japanese husband even had to admit its one of the best ramens he's ever had in the US and that includes places in LA and NY.  Yes the tonkotsu ramen is THAT good.  By the way if you don't drink the soup, you've wasted the essence of the ramen.  I saw a lot of customers come in and just eat the noodles, no no no don't do that!  I wanted to run over and drink the rest of their soup for them.  We also tried the bone marrow appetizer which was delicious as well, 15 of them for 18 bucks, very fun to eat but you have to pick at the marrow with a bamboo stick and dip it in their sweet soy sauce.  The fresh bird eye chili peppers adds a kick too.  Definitely a must try!!
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,4/17/2013,138,146,6,6,5>MOLTO BENE!  Or, as us non-Italianos say:  DA BOMB.  Cantina 27 is a little hole-in-the-wall, simple Italian cafe located on the corner of 27th and Collins Avenue.  I've been to Birreria 27, which is connected to the back of restaurant a bunch of times.  Both places are owned and run by the same nice folks.  Not sure why I didn't try Cantina 27 for dinner sooner (probably because I've been avoiding The Beach lately due to the onset of Spring Break).  We came here to celebrate my good friend's birthday.  If you know me and my crew, you know that we are not the most quiet bunch of people, especially when the champagnita is flowing.  Luckily my friend lives in the building above Cantina 27 and knows the owners well so they tolerated our boisterousness with a smile.  From start to finish, everything was great.  Our waiter kept the baskets of yummy, warm Italian bread coming.  The house prosecco (Zonen?) was apple-y and crisp.  Historically, I fill up on pasta whenever I splurge for Italian, however today I opted for something lighter: the salmon carpaccio and the prosciutto and fresh mozzarella.  I was in heaven!  The strips of salmon were paper thin and soaked up the olive oil beautifully.  The prosciutto just melted in my mouth and paired nicely with the creamy fresh mozzarella with cracked black pepper and balsamic vinegar.  My friend let me taste a bite of his gnocchi with meat sauce.  I could have easily smacked him in the head, stolen and ate the entire dish without the least bit of remorse.  I figured I would refrain since it was his birthday.  Lastly, they brought out a nice piece of tiramisu, which again was perfection.  Lightly sweet, creamy, soaked with espresso.  MMM... MMM...  My only gripe is the cost of the bill, but then again, I always hate it when it's time to pay the bill.  Not the cheapest place by a long shot, but for the quality and service we received, it was worth every penny.  The next time I'm trying to get a carb fix - I'll be back for some of that divine pasta!
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,4/16/2013,309,226,11,12,13>Hooraaay! I finally made it out here! Cue the trumpets!Blue Collar is awesome! Came for lunch with Samantha L. and did not leave unsatisfied; delicious, delicious, delicious! Kudos!Everything here worked for me.  The pork and beans appetizer was awesome - the best part being the bread that comes with it.  Wow.  Sauteed wild mushrooms were so rich and flavorful, I was practically drinking the sauce they came in.  Chicken parm was also a hit - breast was clean and thick (but not too thick to the point of "gag") and the blanket of melted mozarella made it especially heavenly! The only veggie I wasn't crazy about was the bok choy, but then again, that's my bad for trying to eat healthy (and it was Samantha's choice!); totally my fault!And now, the star of the show: the heath bar bread pudding! AAAHHH-MAAYYY-ZING! Crispy and soft where it counts, chef Daniel Serfer really hit it out of the park with this one.  I would say one of the best bread puddings I've had.Service was great.  Chef even came out to make sure everything was going well - gotta love that!  Parking can be found on 68th street (there are some reserved parking spots for customers), and sure this place is adjacent to a motel, but who cares?! Don't be a priss and don't try to act like you don't know anything about motels...pffft!But seriously, all joking aside, this place is a little gem. I will be coming back with the ol' ball 'n chain soon to try out some more goodies - the mac and cheese, the ragout sandwich, philly cheesesteak, cheesy grits, and some more of those veggies! Woot!
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,4/15/2013,57,66,3,8,6>I've been to Yardbird so many times. So many great food memories.It's just so fascinating how I can remember each visit just by associating it with the specific texture of the meal. All right, let me get tot he review.Yardbird is great.It's southern food, but not really. They try to replicate the feel of "the dinner table" which is a sense of comfort I think a lot of restaurants are trying push. Though, that type of atmosphere is special and one-in-a-million and belongs to specific type of restaurants-- usually ones that aren't off Lincoln and Alton.However, if you sorta accept Yardbird for what it is-- southern food made fine, then it's rewarding and cathartic almost.Bourbon: This is one of the few places to go in Miami for some really superb bourbon cocktails. The Southern Revival and the Blackberry Bourbon Lemonade are among some of the best I've had at any restaurant. The Mint Julep, too, was great, though it was a bit sugary.Small Shares: The Melons and Cheese dish isn't on the menu anymore, which is a shame because it's some of the most complex-tasting dishes. That farm cheese they use deteriorates in your mouth and scatters into oblivion while the melon harnesses the sweetness. Insanely good. Fried Tomato BLT of course is a must. Large Shares: Man, I can't even start. The Sweet Tea ribs are on another level. One special they had at some point was a beef ribs dish with a queso. Insane. The fried chicken is good, but it leaves a bit more to desire. The honey tabasco saves it a bit, but the chicken tastes like basic fried chicken to me. Veggie pot pie (which isn't on the menu anymore) is also excellent and hearty.Desserts: Drop everything and taste that pecan pie. I'm huge on pecan pie and have tasted a lot of the pies Miami offers-- none come close to Yardbird's pecan pie. A-la-mode with bourbon ice cream and caramel. Just eat it, please.Yardbird is a Miami-must. Definitely pricey so save it for a special occasion. I'm a huge supporter of Yardbird and I even bought my sister and brother-in-law a gift card for Christmas. Don't expect  mom's cooking, or that idea of mom's cooking. Expect the idea of her sons re-interpreting her cooking. If you know what I mean.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,4/14/2013,59,137,12,9,5>"I don't teach girls."Mike, our friendly trap master, put out his hand for me to shake.  I considered responding with "I don't shake hands with sexists," but my manners got the best of me.  Five minutes later, as Mike took me forward and spent a full 10 minutes individually making sure that I had the correct posture and felt comfortable with the shotgun, I realized that Mike has an excellent deadpan sense of humor.This was my first time trap shooting, and it was a blast (hah, get it?).  Although I'm not what you would call a good shot, with Mike's helpful tips ("you're hesitating - just shoot the dang thing!" "get intimate with the gun; pretend it's your husband"), I was able to make three out of my first round of 25 clay birds explode.  I improved *significantly* to 4/25 on my second round (shh, 1 more pigeon is a huge improvement!).  Although some of the expert old-timers put me to shame (hitting 22/25 consistently), I apparently did well enough to earn a clay pigeon from Mike as a trophy to take home.The trap shooting here is definitely beginner-friendly, and the price is right for $5 a round.  The trap attendants are hilarious older guys who have had years of experience with guns, and they're completely willing to help you learn how to aim better, even if (possibly especially if) you're a girl.  The location is a bonus; you're shooting across a creek on the border of the Everglades, where wildlife sporadically pops up in an attempt to win a Darwin Award.  I had such a great time trap shooting with Mike at the Trail Glades Gun Range that we're going to start making this a monthly tradition.  5/5!
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,4/13/2013,234,191,8,6,3>Oh Eating House, you really are amazing. Can I just move in, please?Took my Cuban grandmother, foodie father, and his fiance to brunch today. The general consensus after the meal: Giorgio is a genius. He must put something in the food besides his talent and ingenuity to make it this damn good.For starters, the tang mimosas were great. We started off with the BK tator tots, which I found just as delicious as I did in my first review. My grandmother ordered the Calentado. Now let me say, my grandmother is one of the best cooks ever. With that being said, she literally stopped chewing and looked at me, swallowed and said "Wow". She was blown away. She finished all but a few grains of rice in that plate. My father ordered the Fried Chicken Thighs. If he were a gay man, he probably would have proposed marriage to the chef right then and there. He, too, finished the entire thing. His fiance had the Carbonara Eggs Benedict, and you guessed it....she too finished her entire plate.I had the KFC sandwich. Holy Crap Buckets....everywhere. Oh my god. Taste explosion in my mouth. This sandwich was life changing. The day got brighter, birds were fluttering everywhere. I was enlightened because of this sandwich. It's composed of chicken thighs, Korean BBQ sauce, pickled cucumbers, & hoison. It comes with fries that I'm going to assume were friend in some sort of heavenly oil, but if you asked the chef he might just say sesame seed oil. Who knows. They were amazing.We also shared the Cuban Bread Torrejas. That damn Guava/Iron Beer syrup. Can I buy that by the gallon? I want to pour that on pretty much everything. Steak...rice....salad, doesn't matter.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,4/12/2013,233,409,5,6,5>We came here on a Saturday night with reservations for 8PM, but probably did not need them as the place was not very full.  It was kind of early, but I would think that when the Heat plays it is busier considering it is right across from AAA.  The $5 valet right in front of the building is the way to go considering street parking is kind of far.The interior of the place is pretty nice, we were seated in a very comfortable booth in the back.The food here is spot on.  Since this is an Argentine place, I had to order the the entrana. The steak was pretty large and cooked perfectly medium rare.  The red chimichurri was also delicious.  I had it with a sweet potato pure' which was also very good.  We also had the home-made gnocchi which was also very good.  The bits of meat in the ragu sauce added some serious flavor to an already good dish.For dessert we had the dulce de leche crepes and on the advice of the server added a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  WOW.  this dessert is absolutely spectacular, and I am not a dessert fan.Doma would probably easily earn a 5 star review for such great food if it were not for some communication problems with the kitchen.  We originally ordered the provoleta as an appetizer, but it never came.  It turns out we didn't need it considering how much food we had, and they bought us a glass of wine to make up for it.  That would have been fine, but during dessert they also failed to bring the scoop of vanilla ice cream although the server had recommended it.  We had to wait a while to flag down the waiter so he could grab it for us.  Can't wait to come back, maybe before going to see the Heat as the food here is great and very reasonably priced.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,4/11/2013,437,438,4,6,6>I'm a fan! FYI: This review is for their Bistro Menu found on their website (it's their menu that never changes and is ideal for lunch with sandwiches, wraps, and salads ranging from $6.75- 6.95 with nutritional information on the package and posted to their website)I am a law student taking roughly 5 classes every semester. I also work a full-time job. I have ZERO time for anything....this includes meal planning. Then Shape Lovers entered my life with a great deal on Living Social and I decided to give them a try. I ordered for 3 days- a Chicken Caesar Wrap, Vietnamese Bahn Mi Chicken Sandwich, and a Pesto Chicken Salad Sandwich with Cranberries. All of them were delicious, healthy, and very filling. They tasted healthy, but in a truly yummy and satisfying way, not in that I'm-eating-cardboard kind of way. Plus, my lunch was delivered to my office by noon! Now, I'm going to start using them regularly for lunch delivery. I just placed my order for next week! Service on the phone was polite and courteous. I was put on hold, but not for very long like some of the other reviewers complained of. Delivery for Downtown Miami is $6 for the week. My week total came to just under $40. Considering that going out anywhere in downtown is easily almost 10 bucks a day, I am going to probably save some money here and I will be eating less junk! This is my gift to myself this year. I'm taking the stress out of some of my meal planning when I'm busy during the week, and rewarding my hard work with a healthy lunch.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,4/10/2013,529,642,7,9,9>It's the old question - is it better to do one thing really well, or to merely be versed in a number of disciplines? Well, if your philosophy skews to the former, and you have a love for some Italian pork roast, you should get yourself to Porketta. The menu of "mains" consists of three items - 1) a straight up pork sandwich 2) a plate of three smaller pork sandwiches and 3) a pork platter with broccoli rabe and cannelini beans. Wanting to cut out extraneous bread, and also liking the idea of beans and the bitter rabe, I went for the platter. For ten bucks, it's not a bad deal. There's plenty of sliced pork, and equal measures of the beans and rabe. As the icing on the cake, a couple strips of chicharron (that's what they looked like) anchor a miniature Italian flag in place. What's the Italian name for chicharron? In any event, I didn't bother to look at the "alternatives" section of the menu, because you better believe that my first time going to a place named Porketta....I'm ordering pork. Three sauces are available for the pork - a lightly herbal green sauce vaguely resembling chimichurri, a BBQ sauce, and a hot sauce that seemed to be a hybrid of an Italian tomato-based sauce with sriracha. That, of course, was my favorite, as it was packing some real heat. The other sauces are very good as well, though, and I used each drop of all three. I'd come back - $10 for this kind of platter with high-quality pork, you could do worse. The rabe was tasty, but I felt it was a bit too oily. I'd suggest scaling that back and letting more of the vegetable's textural integrity come through.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,4/9/2013,619,794,11,15,13>I came here for a business lunch with 2 others, arriving just after noon on a Friday.  One of two things is true:  Either this place makes its money in the evenings and on weekends, or unfortunately it may not be around much longer   The entire time we were here during peak lunch time at the end of the work week, we were the only people in the house, aside from 2 patrons that came in just as we were about to leave.The service I must say was very good, though the one thing that struck me throughout the meal was the music they were playing; It was definitely an eclectic mix, not just traditional Greek music, and was a bit louder than it needed to be, especially since the three of us and the staff were the only people in the place.As an appetizer we ordered a Greek salad to share.  As others have commented, they serve it properly here - Sliced tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, red onions, green peppers and capers with a nice sized slab of feta cheese placed on top.  The salad was very flavorful and was the perfect size for 2 or 3 people to share as an appetizer.For the main course, I ordered the chicken kebab which was served with a sliced tomato salad topped with crumbled feta cheese and Greek fries.  The chicken kebab was good, but not on my list of things to order again if I return.   One of the people in our party ordered the grilled octopus and was disappointed, saying it was burned. One comment I would make is that the prices here, at least on the lunch menu, were quite reasonable.  This is especially true given the location, the decor and atmosphere here, and knowing what some other restaurants in this general area charge on average.  It'd be nice to see more people patronize Egg & Dart!
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,7/10/2014,201,122,7,9,6>I can't believe I hadn't reviewed this place until now. I thought I had because I love this place, but it must've slipped my mind. Anyway, I love Antojitos Mexicanos Tenorio!It's located in a tiny little strip mall on 137th avenue a little north of Bird Road, if you drive too fast you'll definitely miss it. The parking here is a bit of a headache depending on the time of day. The parking lot seems to be way more packed around lunch then it is for dinner. Side note: they are closed on Sundays, which is a bit of a bummer because my boyfriend and I would love to have tacos on our day off together, but it's okay! We make time to come here during the week. Let's begin with the staff; always friendly. They make you feel at home. The place is very small so it's a bit intimate. It could quickly get a bit awkward but it never does since they're so friendly. They have pictures of family up on the walls which gives it a mom and pop vibe. They're always playing vibrant Hispanic music too. Overall, you're not going to come here for the decor (which is lacking). You're coming here for the food!They have several combos that include chips with pico de gallo and a can of soda. They have the standard; Coke, Sprite, Crush, Jupiña, etc. I've had 3 different combos so far. One included 3 tacos, one included 2 tacos and a tostada, and the other included 2 tacos and a quesadilla. The tacos have to be made with the same kind of meat. For example, you can't order one steak and one chicken taco. The tostada and the quesadilla don't come with any meat on them but you can definitely ask them to add some if you want, for an extra cost of course. I recommend doing this for the quesadilla, it makes it extra yummy. I prefer the steak option (carnitas). The tacos are amazing! Simple but so freakin' good. They're the small kind and they only add meat, onions and cilantro. I ask for lime wedges and I think the lime juice just makes it perfect, at least for me because I love citrus flavors.They also sell delicious popsicles. They're the kind that taste homemade and have unique flavors, like arroz con leche, watermelon, or almonds. There's tons of different flavors and I always buy a popsicle too. Love them.Overall, this place is great. It's affordable; around $8 per combo. The tacos are crazy good and my boyfriend and I will definitely be coming here for tacos many many more times!
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,7/9/2014,154,49,4,8,4>I'm quite impressed by this library.  Beautiful architectural design, innumerable resources in multiple languages, all situated in the heart of downtown Miami.  This place is huge, and I'm sure you'll be able to find whatever you may be looking for.  What you may not find, however, is a peaceful spot in certain areas.  I had to locate a nice, quiet spot distant from a group of individuals who seem to frequent the library and were discussing their daily happenings.  Upon moving to a quieter area, one of the library personnel seemed to provoke a few individuals who, in my opinion, were minding their own business.  Apparently, they are used to the homeless spending the day there, searching for shelter as most are typically kicked out of their nearby homeless shelters on a daily basis and can only return in the evenings.  I was appalled by this library worker approaching these two individuals who were murmuring and enjoying their respective books.  This same lady approached another man who had fallen asleep while reading, rather brusquely I must say, by knocking on the table and asking him to leave as well.  An argument quickly ensued and security was quickly requested. Aside from some rowdy behavior mostly due to this library worker, I would say this is an ideal, spacious place to spend a day studying.  Additionally, I would certainly give it an additional star had longer hours.  This is hands down the most beautiful library in Miami...
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,7/8/2014,78,152,14,11,10>You know, I'm not really too found of rocking one eyebrow. I mean, I guess if I REALLY had no choice, I'd have to rock it with pride. But, in today's society, with so many options (waxing, threading, and plucking), there's really no reason for it. However, there are times, when the unibrow becomes a staple in your life. When, you ask? Well, when you don't really have a good estheticians to go to that can wax your brows without branding the McDonald's "golden arches" across your forehead; use UNRECYCLED wax, so that you don't grow fungi & cooties across your head; and/or cut you across your head like a damn Shogun Ninja, attempting to avenge his favorite brother's death! Can you guys tell I have eyebrow baggage? Until a little while ago, I was like a shattered woman just leaving a bad brow relationship. I TRUSTED NO EYEBROW MAN! I was broken, I was abused, I'd be burned, cut, and had so many allergic reactions that I'd walk out of salons looking like Martin Lawrence after his charity boxing match with Thomas "The Hitman" Hearns (for all you 90's babies that don't know what I'm talking about, YouTube that episode of "Martin", you youngin's")! And then, I found the lovely Meghan at Anarkali (a brow salon in Aventura). After growing out the last bad "eye job," I searched high and low (translation: looked on Yelp REALLY, REALLY HARD) until I found her. I knew she was cool when I saw her because she's my hair twin (crazy, beautiful curly fro), and she had a super chill personality. I went a few times, and then one day I went and heard she wasn't there anymore. I was CRUSHED! Back at square one. Who could I run to, to fill this empty eyebrow space? Then miraculously, one day I got a private message on Yelp from Krystal M. (thanks again), advising me that Meghan had opened her own shop (thank you, Jesus!). SCORE! I walked in one day, all giddy like a schoolgirl with a new boo to talk on the phone with until 4am (yup, she they take walk-ins), and the rest is history! Once again, I was bequeathed the perfect eyebrow arch in under 10 minutes. Meghan has a fan for life in me, and I'm always happy to point other eyebrow-challenged folks in her direction! After all, she's making society more beautiful, fighting one bushy unibrow at a time!
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,7/7/2014,227,222,4,12,6>It's hard to find something that stands out in the Keys. And this isn't to say that everything is bland and boring; no, what I mean is, since most everything is pretty great, for something to stand out, it has to be pretty damn special.The Key Largo Conch House? Pretty damn special.From the moment you pull up, that looking at it makes you say to yourself, "Right, conch house. Of course," kind of tells you that everything will be pretty awesome and on point.The feel of the place, that kind of quiet, picturesque, lost-in-space-time feel that dots the Keys landscape, creeps into you and soothingly settles in the pit of your stomach as soon as you take your seat. As for the food and drink, the conch house moniker is well-deserved. Hands down, these conch fritters are the alpha and the omega of conch fritters, and I can't think of much better on a hot Keys afternoon than an order of conch fritters, a mess of beers, and a beautiful woman sitting across from you. The batter, with, I believe, celery and carrots mixed in, features satisfying chunks of conch, so you know you're getting exactly what you paid for.In keeping with the bar-food theme I'd started, I ordered a basket of shrimp (big, m-f'ing shrimp, too): lightly breaded, crisp, and perfect with some of the Crazy Conch hot sauce available at every table.From the looks of other reviews, this is a Keys favorite, and it's not hard to see why. I'll be back whether staying in Key Largo for a few days or just passing through.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,7/6/2014,79,108,6,12,9>After a beautiful afternoon at 79th street beach, I stumbled upon Fifi Beach Club literally right off the sand, and across the street from the public lot I was parked in. It was 4 o' clock, happy hour, what could go wrong? Nothing, it was magical. It being a Thursday it was pretty desolate, which was kind of great. I grabbed a window seat, pulled my book out and ordered one of the happy hour cocktails that are 1/2 off beginning at 4 pm. I tried the Fifi Sex on the Beach, a Strawberry Daiquiri and the Passion something or another, it was a vodka based drink. And before you write me up as a lonely alcoholic, keep in mind I was there for 2+ hours due to the impromptu rain storm. And c'mon at $6 a pop how could I resist...Now for the food...To be honest I wasn't hoping for much. I really just wanted a laid back beach joint that would serve me island drinks and fried goods to nibble at. However after referencing other reviews, I was advised this was quite the seafood destination. Things were getting interesting...But in keeping with my laid back vibe I opted for the Mahi Mahi sandwich. I was told that sandwiches weren't being offered until 5 pm since the bread was being baked. Umm...this could definitely be worth waiting for...and so I did. The sandwich was delicious. The fish was grilled to perfection but its cilantro based spread on the Cuban bread was truly the star. A fuh-mazing sandwich indeed.And as for the service, the waitress was a total sweetheart. This place had me at happy hour, but with all the other perks, how could I not be a fan?So when you're feeling like avoiding the plague that is South Beach, you may find yourself going North...at Fifi's and loving it. Just keep it on the low, so as not to spoil it for the rest of us.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,7/5/2014,149,324,6,11,11>Unless you're jonesing for a taco--Chefs on the Run is the finest food Homestead, FL has to offer.  Srsly.Their dining room is modest--but they're aiming to have their outside patio fully pimped by October, so ready your dress sandals and roll up those dress shirts, Gents.  By the time they throw some linen out there, the word might already be out.Their chef just recently won an award at Sobe FWF, so you know they're a contender.  Throw in his Puerto Rican background with a bunch of world fusion influences and you have a modest menu, but entrees with sophisticated execution.  Their bahn mi sandwich?  Try it as a wrap for lunch with their parmesan truffle fries.  It's $9.00.  You will forget you're not in Brickell.  Wash it down with their in house Hibiscus iced tea, and if you can even think about dessert, their guava creme brulee.  They have an extensive modongo menu, and a list of burgers I absolutely. cannot. wait. to go back for.  7 oz angus patty with Italian blue cheese FOLDED INSIDE, topped with housemade marinara and French demi bun?  Shut up and take my money.My next party?  I'll be renting out these (once again) modest environs in favor of their supreme chow.They also offer a military discount, and will work with you to design any catering needs and prix fixe menus you like.The chef's wife claims he can "make anything" and I believe it.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,7/4/2014,52,182,8,10,10>An out-of-town friend was visiting, and the wife and I decided that it would be fun to take them for a tour of Biscayne Bay and see Star Island, Hibiscus Island et. all. We'd never done this ourselves either. We went with Thriller and didn't regret it.  Thriller is a good bet because:(1) The boats are smaller, so you aren't competing for views with a ton of people on a double decker through windows. (2) The speed means you spend less time puttering from place to place, and can zip to the various attractions.(3) It's fun. The wind blowing in your face, music throbbing, ocean spray splashing you. It adds a definite "ride" aspect to the sightseeing, and gives visitors the amped-up, over-the-top "Miami experience".The portion of the tour that covers Star Island was fairly brief, as a lot of the time was spend caroming about the bay and cutting through waves for fun. But I feel you get enough "sample" of what Miami looks like -- from the islands of the rich 'n famous to a great view of both the Miami and Miami Beach skylines. If you are looking for a slower paced (and likely a bit more thorough) tour then Thriller probably isn't for you, and several tours actually depart from the same general dock area in Bayside Marketplace (a touristy downtown mall on the bay). However, I feel this is probably more entertaining and has a quintessentially Miami spirit. A word of warning: if you sit toward the outside of the boat, you will likely get quite wet and end up looking a bit bedraggled by the salt-water. Which seats will be the "lucky" ones isn't fully consistent, since it depends on the maneuvers the pilot decides on.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,7/3/2014,159,105,9,14,10>I absolutely love this place for breakfast. I just went for the first time after hearing a decent amount of buzz about it and I was very impressed. The decor was beautiful and had a rustic/aquatic feel with a touch of glamour. There was only one waitress and she was efficiently doing her rounds around the restaurant whilst giving us excellent service. The food was superb. I had the crab cake benedict which was just awesome!!! It came with a side of potatoes with small peppers and onions, and they were some of the best I've ever had. My boyfriend had the steak and eggs which was very good as well. It was also served with the potatoes and a side of hollandaise sauce. The presentation was perfect and when the bus boy came to clear our plates he was very well spoken and proper. The icing on the cake was the $19 dollar bottomless mimosas. Can't wait to return and try the regular eggs Benedict and banana pancakes which I've heard are amazing as well.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,7/2/2014,158,150,7,18,11>If you go, and you should, order a veggie melt and a sweet milk. After you take your first bite of the veggie melt, you will look down at the sandwich in amazement and wonder if one veggie melt is enough to satisfy your newfound craving for Under the Mango Tree. Trust that it will be enough but you will soon find yourself planning all your errands around the area to make sure you can get your Under the Mango Tree fix. If you're lucky, you may find some desserts placed at the front counter. Get a slice, especially if it's the banana bread/cake. Holy smokes, everything they make is so delicious! Do not come here if you're in a rush because they put their love into every smoothie and melt they make so it can take more time than usual to get your order. If you are pressed for time, do call ahead and place your order for pick up. The spot is also pet friendly!
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,7/1/2014,275,141,13,19,19>My hunit (100) review and it's going to Miami!MIAMI, I'm born and raised here so I'm very proud to call myself a true Miamian! This city has it all. Although there are SO many things that I can discuss regarding this city I'll bring up two that really make up this city's DNA - Cultures & Beaches.Miami is like a little island, an escapism if you want it to be, where else can you enjoy so many cultures coming together and creating tasty cuisine and developing neighborhoods/cities that are tailored to there backgrounds. Are you in the mood for Latin, Greek, Haitian, Jamaican, Chinese or a number of other food categories? Well it's just a drive away here.Want to enjoy some of the best beaches in the USA? Yes, we have that here too.Though we are at the bottom of the map in the south... Miami does not have southern or country attributes (almost more like a northern or west coast city).Snow or Earthquakes? No we don't have that here but we can serve up a wonderful Hurricane.If your a tourist or even a resident of the city and want to get a better feel of the city without using a ton of gas, I would recommend the Metro Rail (a train that rides above the city for those of you that don't know). It goes from the southern part of Miami to the Northern parts (so much to see - no South Beach - just the other sides of Miami).I wish I could detail everything about my city in one review or even tap the surface but if I could then it wouldn't be a city that I'm proud of. You must experience it.In the end what I'm trying to say is Miami is so much more than just South Beach and gorgeous people (like myself)!
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,1/14/2011,145,73,14,12,15>Wow does it get any better than this? ***  This is by far my favorite food truck in all of Dade County.  i am not even into sweets... better yet i HATE sweets but I LOVE SWEETNESS!!  i am that guy that always says NO to bday cake but i make it a point to follow/stalk this food truck because that's how amazing everything is.  I started with the fried cupcakes because I know how incredible their cupcakes are typically so adding the deep fried factor must make them twice as good.  Boy was i wrong... they're HUNDRED THOUSAND times better deep fried!! The warm cake inside and the crispy batter outside when dipped in the dipping sauce is heaven in the shape of a cupcake.  Now, I've even changed my ways from "no thanks I am good with anything sweet." to "YES please, i'll try anything from Sugar Rush".  That being said my boy Rod offered me some guava won tons with a passion fruit sauce and I was wowed yet again.  They've mastered the art of creating the perfect blend of flavors for your palate and every item on the menu is a true masterpiece.I also LOVE the fact that the food truck menu is completely different from that of the SWEETNESS BAKE SHOP.  Thanks guys for giving me a reason to partake in this food truck craze.  *** The answer is NO btw.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,1/13/2011,529,642,16,15,19>I was just here for the Room's anniversary party......I believe it's the 7th anniversary as I want to say this place opened in 2003, but I could be wrong. When it's on, it's on - there's no other place exactly like it in Miami. With the candles, indie music, and unpretentiously fashionable crowd, it can resonate with an energy I haven't found elsewhere. I think I've figured out exactly why this is.....first of all, this is the most simple, sexy, no-frills bar around, rivaled only by the DRB. There's no TV. There are no pool tables. There's a bar and a few tables and chairs. That's it....so human interaction is the only activity you can possibly engage in here. Also, it's dark and tiny. There are lights above the bar, but they are just for show, as this place is lit by candlelight for all practical purposes. You walk by outside, and you see this mysterious dark little place with a few candles burning and a crowd of vague human forms. It looks like a speakeasy; it looks and feels illicit. It's off the South Beach tourist trail, so the only people who are going to find it are locals and curious wanderers. As such, even though it's a friendly bar and is open to everyone, it maintains this sense of exclusivity - you walk inside and a for a brief moment you almost feel as if you're crashing a random house party. I will say that in my opinion, the music isn't what it used to be. The house iPod could use some refreshing and updating. Sure, the music is still better than that of 95% of the bars around, but this is the Room, the Room can't rest on its laurels. There was a time when, quite seriously, I'd come here not for the people nor even for the beer, but for the music. I found out about Asobi Seksu here years ago, for example. OK, I'm an oddball, I know that.....but hey, I can't be the only one. Oh, and here's a little tip for the guys.....if you take a woman here on a date, order a corked-and-caged 750ml bottle of Saison Dupont (or, alternatively, the Foret Organic Saison, also from the Brasserie Dupont), and split it with her. Don't ask questions, just do it. Both are refreshing golden beers indigenous to the Belgian countryside, full of earthy-spicy-yeasty character (some might even say "terroir" as these beers express a sense of place), strong enough at 6-7% to loosen you up, yet at the same time light enough to leave you lucid and coherent. I would dare say that the saison/farmhouse ale style is the perfect sexy Miami beer style, yet even now, few are aware of it. And no, I haven't pulled this card myself in a long while. Geez. You all are so cynical and accusatory! ;)
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,1/12/2011,255,530,11,9,8>Truly a five star all the way!For a birthday party, the thirty of us, yes thirty headed off to Il Gabbiano, for quite an experience, not only to celebrate my lovely friends birthday, but to be treated like God's or at least mini-God's at Il Gambiano. And, out of the thirty I only heard one complaint.For starters, the valet service, was excellent, a valet with a sense of humor, how nice. The hostess just about walked me to the outside bar, where some friends already were, she's excellent too! The ambiance, sssshhhhwwwwaaaannnnngggggggg, outstanding.Once everyone arrived the service kicked into high gear. The birthday girl, sadly has this affliction, to being one of the most stunning women I have ever met, with of course a horribly likable personality, so sadly she brought all her girlfriends who suffer from the same affliction. I think if I snapped my fingers and said waiter bring me a drool glass he would find one in ten seconds, and gladly run over and give it to me.The food, well the table I sat at was pretty diverse, from young to old to uber-rich to poor (me)! or Poor me! also the dinner fare was diverse in it's self. So my fork had to travel where no fork traveled before (Judge, what's that a baby duck behind you) Bam my fork got the last of your Lobster Ravioli........ It was good, but you wife her's was even better, the Porcini Ravioli, the sauce was tre magnafique!!!!This perilous mission to steal everyones food, finally hit the wall when I heard the peep "This is horrible, I bet the chef didn't taste this" I immediately intervened "I'm a Yelper, maybe I can help" I looked down at the patent , a lack luster bowl of fettechini with pea's and crab meat. The patent looked lifeless and dead, I took the Yelpers fork and with my cub scout knowledge of first aid, I stuck the product in my mouth. The gag reflex was to great for me, I saw this on amateur videos, that crab was going somewhere just not in my stomach!!! My friend was right, with all his years of medical school and all my years of being a wise ass, there was no saving that, it was crap!I en turn   did not share my food, I inhaled it. I got the Caesar salad, which was good, but better at the big cheese, and the cost of the salad there at Il Gabbiano's I could buy the Big Cheese. Then the Osso Bucco, I think that means Oh my f#$%ing God in arabic, that baby veal gave his life for me! I know some of you think, but Andy, it's a baby! I swear I would eat babies if I new they were as delicious as that Osso Bucco, it was the perfect dish. The desserts were amazing, the flourless chocolate cake was AMAZING, and being allergic I I'm regretting it now.So there was one bad meal, I wouldn't have ordered that anyway, Crab and Pea's that's for neurosurgeons and there kinda fragile people, but everything else, from the filet mignon, to the scallops, to porcini mushroom ravioli to my beloved osso bucco was excellent. Every other Yelpers review was on the money here, now you have mine!
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,1/11/2011,250,256,11,15,15>What a gem!The raw open space with high ceilings has a large bar and giant TV screen for viewing sports on one side while the opposite end of the room holds rows of wine bottles. In the middle and all around are tables, some high, some regular, and some more geared towards comfortable drinking with plush chairs and couches. On the side lies The Vintage room, an area enclosed in glass containing higher end wines and also some seating. The patio is a real treat - an oasis of modern luxe in an awkward area of Miami Beach.The food at Bistro 555 delightfully surprises with its delicious and well priced tapas and salads. Not extensive, what they do, they do quite well. Try at least one charcuterie platter and don't miss the sautéed shrimp. The olive oil served with your bread is of outstanding quality!Service is efficient, friendly and accommodating. Even with a large party, we were never with want for long. All aspects were done well so I shall be returning soon in the hopes of bumping them up to five stars for consistency. One note about parking - though they do have a private lot, it is small, so be sure to look for a meter (NOT residential zoned parking) if it is full when you visit.Bottom Line: Wine Bistro 555 started with a great concept, found the perfect venue, and executed its vision decisively well.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,1/10/2011,229,492,9,15,10>After three visits in the first week of opening, I can officially vouch for the amazing Angelina's. They still have some kinks to work out, being so new and all, but I will definitely be a frequent customer. They have an assortment of coffees, teas, and then ooh-la-la desserts and cupcakes (by some uber-celebrtiy cupcake lady that I had never heard of). I've had some freshly straight-out-of-the-oven chocolate croissants, apple tartes, and 3 random flavors of cupcakes... all decadent and delicious. The coffee and tea menu is a bit scattered on the chalkboards above and tend to confuse me so I have been going with a standard Cafe con Leche. Hopefully this might become clearer in the near future - the same with the teas. But this is a minor detail compared to all that this tiny coffee shop has to offer. I am a bit biased because I hate that every other city in the US has mom-and-pop coffee shops, besides Miami, why is that? But now we do!If you are more than hungry for snacks like said cupcakes, tartes, and mini pound cakes, they also have a Yogurt bar on the wall ala My Yogurt Bliss and ChicBerry, just add your toppings yourself. But they add a whole new dimension by adding the option of WAFFLES instead of yogurt, with the same toppings. mmm... Such a great idea for a place like this in Midtown Mall, squished between The Cheese Course and Brooklyn Bagels, great place to stop in after either. Definitely recommended!!!
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,1/9/2011,437,438,8,14,9>Tonight was my first food truck experience, and what a way to start! It's close to home, so it was really convenient to be a few minutes from home after my food coma. Trucks lined the area and lots of people were out and eager to try all of the different foods. Great crowd, and even better food! Here's a quick rundown of what my brother and I scarfed down: 1. Jefe's- Taco carnitas. Delicious! Bursting with flavor. 2. The Rolling Stove- Chicken Biscuit. Next time, I'll skip the onions. So good, but super messy. 3. CheeseMe- Mac & Cheese pancakes. Yummy on the outside, needs more flavor on the inside. Once you got past that crispy outer layer, it was lacking in taste. 4. Caza Crepes- La Classique. So delicious. I can't wait to try the nutella, bananas, and strawberry one next time. The crepes are perfectly cooked, and the staff was great. 5. Slow Food Truck- Fatty Burger. OMG. I can't even describe the gooey, cheesy goodness. 6. Wing Commander- Eh. 15 wings for $5 is a great deal, but the wings weren't great and the buffalo sauce was smokier than I was expecting. 7. Dolci Peccatti- Cookies n Cream. So good and super soft. It tasted like a creamy cupcake! We dropped about $30 on all of this. Most things are pretty cheap. Once you start sampling all over the place, you can drop a lot of cash. Dolci Peccatti will take cards with a $10 minimum. Can't wait for next week!
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,1/7/2011,170,440,4,13,9>we went out in search of fresh produce and were delightfully surprised with the variation of things available here. produce was good, but like anywhere else, some stuff were priced good and others we have been able to buy at other venues for less money. all vendors we did speak with were very helpful and friendly. there were many many samples of products available for tasting, smelling and touching in order to assist you with making the decision to buy or not to buy. we enjoyed the following vendors and will be seeking them again soon: 1) Mozzarita - President Vito Volpe - 561-699-5506 - fresh mozzarella cheese - sample available - made you want to carry around with you a plate with tomato slices and olive oil - delicious cheese!!!! 2) Bahama Joe's 6000 SW 18th St Plantation - 954-258-1734 - had nice variation of salad dressings (could taste as many as you like) and also had nice olive oil from Spain - Coosur - Extra Virgin 750ml bottle - $9.00 (vendor did advise that you can purchase this at your local Sedanos, but at a higher cost $12.00 a bottle) 3) Barry's Hummus "All Natural" 954-804-3296 - this was nice hummus. creamy and flavorful. tried the black bean one - this was good with lots of spices - nice different taste - also tried the red pepper one - liked this one the most 4) Green Godness Gourmet - 305-974-0061 gourmet@atlanticbb.net - this is the place were you can get the bags filled with various spices, herbs and other stuff which by only adding sour cream, you get yourself a creamy yummy dip!!! good stuff.. the chipolte was nice.. my favorite thou was the sun dried tomato (and others felt the same, cause she ran out of this one!!) did not get to buy it!! 5) Jole's D"lites - Kenyetta Graham Co-Owner & Al Natural Baker -  JOLESDLITES.com - did try the cupcakes and it was interesting (in a very good way!) they were diary free & egg free (except the red velvet which still has dairy due to the cream cheese frosting). they were very good - i especially enjoyed the strawberry banana flavor. and the chef/owner is a very nice young lady. 6) Galazy Art - The Original 3-D Pictures by Hilda Ariste- 954-683-7002 i have seen this type of art before and do like it alot. at this vendor they have a nice variety to chose from also different sizes. the young man stated he does it with his mom... it is well done and very nice presented. their work is very good. prices are not bad either. a small one was $30.00 7) Lake Meadow Naturals, LLC Cage Free Local Chicken & Duck eggs - 954-301-2650 - did not sample any eggs but the cool thing about this is - YOU CAN ACTUALLY GO OUT TO THEIR PLACE AND PICK YOUR OWN EGGS!! Dale Voikert farmer/owner - 10000 Mark Adams Road, Ocoee, FL 34761 AND BEST FOR LAST: 8) MY FAVORITE VENDOR: The Good Earth - 954-980-1313 Booth #31 - they offer delicious things!! sweet yummy jams/jellies, pies but best of all REAL BUTTER!!! Amish Hand Made Butter!!!!! talk about melt in your mouth kinda thing!!! not for the squeamish tummies thou it ain't DIET just DELICIOUS! and the service was amazing! everyone one was very nice & helpful. will back for some more BUTTER!!! A nice bar (which is already frozen and good to go) $7.00 - not bad at all!!
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,1/6/2011,125,397,9,14,14>4.5 stars because the prices are a bit high, buuuttt, if I could give 10 stars for flavor and freshness, dang it, I would!!!  The food was just amazing!  I'd heard of Sakaya before and, from what I saw on their restaurant menu (not the truck), it looked like high-end Chinese-American fusion--looked good enough for me to put it on my list to try, but I had less than 5 star expectations.  I can't speak for the restaurant, but for the truck, when I saw steady 5 star ratings and then on top of that, I heard they were doing Korean-American fusion, I said to myself, "Oh yeah, it's ON!"I LOVE Korean food.  I am a garlic lover and no self-respecting garlic lover can help but love Korean food.  I am super picky about Korean food because I have mostly had it at friends' houses and every time I go to a restaurant, the food is far from stellar, to say the least.  Needless to say, I had no idea what to expect when Korean and American flavors collided, especially here in Miami, but something told me that it would be wonderful.Take it from the girl who takes no mess when it comes to Korean food, wonderful is an understatement!  This was nothing at all like your typical overly sweet, cheaply-done Asian fusion that's weak on the flavor and drowning in oil.  The food was super flavorful, full of garlic, very fresh, and was a textural playground, just like much good East Asian food tends to be.  I got the Dirty South Korean pulled pork ($6), and man, I have been drooling and fiending for another one ever since.  The pork had those wonderful crispy bits, sort of like what you get with good lechon (one of my favorite foods), it was perfectly-cooked and very well seasoned-- garlicky, slightly tangy, chili-y (yes, I made that word up), and had the very slightest touch of sweetness.   For those who are curious, you do get a full-sized sandwich with a generous, but not enormous piling of meat.  The second thing I got was the kimchi eggrolls ($4 for 2 narrow).  I love kimchi and I have been craving it all semester!  After a treacherous semester-long recovery from a nice intestinal pet I picked up doing field research abroad, my stomach was just about ready to handle spicy food again, so what better way to celebrate, right?!  OMG, guys!  I usually like my kimchi older, as opposed to fresh, but this was super duper fresh, nice and crispy, crunchy eggroll shell (the small, smooth kind used for SE Asian eggrolls, not the bubbly Chinese-American one).  The kimchi was spicy, garlicky, and even gingery, which was Sakaya's unique twist.  I'm feelin' it, Sakaya.  I must say, though the goal was obviously to put a new spin on Korean food, Sakaya definitely did that, but they remained impressively true to the traditional flavors of Korean food with noticeable, yet not overdone pops of innovation in terms of flavor, such as the addition of the ginger to the kimchee, as well as the zucchini, and I believe carrot.  I can honestly say, this is THE BEST I have seen Korean food done in ANY restaurant thus far, and I have eaten in the best restaurants in Northern VA's K-town, Annandale, which is pretty dang big.  This place leaves the others in the dust.  It makes all the difference when chefs have a true passion for food and a genuine respect for the cuisine they are working with, and it is more than apparent that Sakaya has that and more.  I would venture to say that Sakaya has more respect for Korean cuisine than even a number Korean restaurant owners have for their own cuisine, in my experience.  And best of all, it's clear that these guys have fun with food.  There's no better combination of qualities in a chef for the end result to be nothing less than wonderful!The price isn't small, but trust me guys, the reward is oh so great and oh so delicious!  Hats off to Sakaya for their work on Dim Ssam a gogo!
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,1/5/2011,944,946,12,28,22>I'd been wanting to try NAOE since the first glowing Yelp review popped up back in April 2009.  Yet only recently was I presented with the opportunity, and can honestly say, it was one of the most memorable meals I've ever had.True Yelper that I am, after my amazing dinner I took some notes for my upcoming review.  And then I lost the note.  I procrastinated on writing my review in hopes of finding the missing Post-It, but now I've realized that it's long gone, and it's time to bite the bullet.The evening started with some delicious sake, made by Chef Kevin's family in Japan.  I can't recall the precise name, but it was cold, cloudy, and delicious.  We managed prime seats at the bar, on the far right side - perfect for watching the master - Chef Kevin - at work.Our bento boxes that evening included tile fish sashimi, super-crispy local fish tempura with a green tea dusting, some concoction of eggplant, and custard-y delight featuring mackerel, with a bowl of corn miso on the side.  Everything was outstanding, but our night was just getting started.We had a little time to spare before our nigiri offerings began, as Chef Kevin was preparing the bento boxes for the 9 p.m. seating.  But that just gave us time to make room for the next round.  I somehow managed to partake in all 5 rounds of nigiri offered that night, which included salmon belly from Scotland, tiny white shrimp flown in from Japan, Maine lobster, uni from Alaska, and the Chef's own bbq eel creation.  They were all amazing!  Everything just melted in my mouth.  But my favorites had to be the uni and the salmon belly.Somehow, at the end of the night, I managed to have room for dessert.  The tea was refreshing, as was the fruit plate palate-cleanser.  What really stole the show during those final moments was the mystery-flavored homemade ice cream.  To me, it tasted like a Werther's Original candy.  I won't spoil the surprise of what flavor it really was, though you can find out by reading some of the other reviews.I really cannot say enough good things about NAOE, about Chef Kevin Cory, and about Wendy.  The whole staff (all 4 of them!) go out of their way to make sure that you have an incredible meal, and an amazing dining experience.  Chef Kevin gives each plate that leaves his kitchen his undivided attention, and it really shows.Granted, NAOE is not inexpensive, nor is it some place you can pop into for a quick bite.  But if you make it, you will have a truly unforgettable experience.  I cannot wait to make my return visit!
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,1/4/2011,271,113,14,13,15>This place is always slammin'.I'm kinda addicted to their garlic rolls. Sloppy, garlicky goodness in every bite. I know I shouldn't reach for another but I can't stop myself. They are like kryptonite.If only they had buffalo mozzarella, Oh please, please get some!The dudes at the register are always friendly. Last time I was here I was asked where my name was from? I expressed that I was Cuban. And the dude was like "oh, I thought you were from someplace exotic." My response was " no, just Cuba"I've since decided that when someone asks me where my name and I are from, I will say someplace exotic like Bangladesh, Turkey, Istanbul not Constantinople as to not disappoint.You know what doesn't disappoint? Steve's Pizza!Whether a drunken carb fest, a pizza and a movie masturdate, Sunday beerfest party for friends, a hunger strike gone awry- Steve's Pizza is on point. Fresh, hot, saucy, carby and delicious.When hunger stikes, I listen, I don my grubbin' clothes and Steve's does it just right!
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,11/5/2010,361,288,2,13,10>If you live on Key Biscayne and work off the island, you probably already know about L&H since it's the most convenient place to pick up fish on your way home. The fish is the freshest you'll find since they only sell whatever's been caught that day and the prices are reasonable when compared to other fish markets. Since there's no guarantee about what will be caught each day, it's best to call ahead to reserve however much you'll need for that evening's meal. They're open each day (even on Labor Day) until 6pm and only take cash or local checks. If you are heading to Key Biscayne, just after you cross Bear Cut Bridge take your first right and you cannot miss it as there's sure to be a small group of people buying fish on the dock.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,11/4/2010,147,180,5,7,8>I've been buying and selling to Fly Boutique since I discovered it existed a decade ago. This place is a true vintage junkies haven. Jewelry, clothes, handbags, shoes, belts and vintage decor, it's all done up in a boho chic setting that's fun to browse. My favorite purchase is a Lanvin scarf that's still in my wardrobe rotation eons later. I'm also a HUGE fan of the store's own designs, which mostly consist of reworked vintage fabrics into dresses absolutely perfect for Miami summers. And I love its digs on Lincoln Road, which make popping in and out to see what's new quick, easy and fun. This boutique isn't just fly, its superfly.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,11/2/2010,1489,1675,9,17,15>Yes, huge fan of this park. Living in the area we come here very often. The park is very clean, great walking trail, great views of the bay, gorgeous fountain, walking distance to Bayside Marketplace. My favorite part of this park is the little feng shui garden with a small waterfall hidden in between some trees. So picturesque! It looks like it does not belong and when you walk closer it feels like you have just walked into a small paradise. Lined with beautiful foliage, trees, flowers, water, birds, butterfly's, etc......So pretty. They have so many events, festivals, concerts, free yoga etc...They do a fantastic job organizing so many events, they seem to always have something going on. Then another favorite part of the park is behind the very large concrete fountain there is a small area with sand and chairs overlooking the bay. We spent Memorial Day sitting there with a picnic for hours and hours enjoying the beauty. Many people take a nap here in the tranquil spot. The ocean breeze keeps you refreshed, oh what a perfect piece of heaven. One day as I was strolling through he park I noticed a time capsule in the ground. I believe it said to be opened in 2020. That would be cool to see what is in it. They have a play area for kids, a stage, hotdog and arepa stands, if you get hungry. Great place to bring your four legged friends and it's so cool to see people cleaning up after their dog's. Again, they do a fantastic job at keeping this park clean. When we have visitor's from out of town, we always bring them here. To me this is the best of Miami, as there is so much to see. Have a seat and watch the cruise ships depart. Just another reason I love the area we live because of the very close proximity to this awesome park. The only reason it is not five stars is strictly because they have no restrooms. Why, do they not have restrooms? Kid's are playing, people are strolling through the park, we need restrooms. Many times I have had to run home to use the restroom. Please oh please get some, then you would be close to perfection. Disclosure: Remember this is downtown so yes you will have your homeless walking up to you or hanging around. They are harmless and the park is very safe. I have seen many officer's patrolling and security. See you soon.
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,11/1/2010,151,175,9,15,8>If you want the authentic Miami experience while dining on a street corner - look no further. This is a produce stand/juice stand/restaurant/coffee stand all under one roof. There are 3 display cases where they serve hot, authentic Cuban/central American dishes for about 6-8 bucks. A 4th display case is where they serve hot sandwiches ready to order along with coffee. Watch your step when getting your coffee because you're a mere 2 feet from the road. There's a window inside that serves their famous fruit juices that include mango, papaya, mamey and other tropical fruits no one north of Miami has ever heard of. A covered outdoor seating area with picnic tables is where you go to munch on your hot food. There's also produce scattered throughout the outside and inside of the location. Vegetables and fruits that originate from Latin American countries are available throughout the store. There's stuff in here that I don't even recognize but a lot of abeulitas in here were putting in their baskets. Now, the coffee stand is where the action is. You'll find this right next to the sandwich/pastry area. This is where you catch the old men milking their 95 cent coffee for 2 hours so they can hit on the ladies working. Whether you're from out of town or a local who's looking for Latin American food this is where you come to be fed well while being in an authentic "only in Miami" environment. Make sure to pick up some chicken empanadas while you're here!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,10/31/2010,969,161,15,17,17>I'd say that practicing anything for 50 years qualifies a person as an expert; Dr. Richard Souviron is an authority in his field, and so much more. I know you're thinking he's so outdated; he uses a rock and a piece of burlap to treat a toothache (see Castaway)! Trust someone who's spent over $15K on his teeth; stick with Dick.If his state of the art facility and professional demeanor don't win you over, his experience and reputation will. He's completed tens of thousands of procedures, is constantly traveling to conferences, was featured on the Forensic Files episode "Once Bitten", and wrote the book on performing Dental Autopsies (literally). Some of his working titles include;Lecturer, Forensic Investigation and Anthropology Summer Scholars' Program at the University of Miami.Adjunct Professor, Miller School of Medicine's Pathology DepartmentChief Forensic Dentist and Associate Medical Examiner, Metro-Dade County Medical Examiner. He earned this distinction after introducing Bite Mark Evidence Analysis to the world in the State of Florida vs. Ted Bundy, as well as identifying the remains of Jimmy Ryce, and the passengers of ValuJet Flight 592 crash.I was going to ask him to make me a personalized platinum and diamond grill, but I got bumped by a TIGER. That's right; one of his duties includes veterinary dentistry at Metro Zoo.So why am I rambling about all of these other things he does besides fixing live human teeth?Those are his HOBBIES! Having him fix the tooth you cracked opening Heinekens; is like having a Fetal Surgeon give you stitches. Oh well, we might as well take advantage while he's still practicing. Some quick tips before heading to his office in the Gables (across the street from OneBurger);He has a long list of patients and travels often, book your appointments well in advance.One of the few specialists in South Florida that treats TMJ (temporomandibular joint disorder).Explains exactly what he's going to do and why it's medically necessary.You need Zen discipline not to laugh while being treated. All of those accolades and did I mention he's a Miami native and a 'Cane.Whether he's identifying human remains, teaching, or fixing your busted Steve Buscemi-like smile, Dr. Souviron takes a bite out of the competition.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,10/29/2010,490,388,6,8,7>I love this place for two reasons - I can indulge in the delicious special fried rice, or I can be healthy and have the heaven and earth soup. Both are amazing. The special fried rice is different from any other that I have had - I'm not sure what they put in it but it has almost a sweet quality (the type of onions??). Absolutely delicious!! I have only ever ordered this as take-out, and it is enough for three meals easy. The consomme that comes with it is also amazing. The heaven and earth soup is normally what I order when eating in. It is a large vegetable pho with tofu. Very delicious. The interior of the restaurant is very small, being a mom-and-pop sort of place it also has a homey feel. The owners have always been extremely friendly, as well as the staff. They also have boba tea, which I'm not too much of a fan of so a bad judge as to whether it is good or not. Prices are reasonable, albeit a tad too high on some items (appetizers, especially). Entrees range from $9-15 and are the same for lunch and dinner.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,10/28/2010,250,256,7,9,9>My review of The Webster applies to the rooftop bar and lounge.Quite the chic sobe experience, everything about this place is hip: beautiful people, comfortable seating, exciting open view of Collins Ave from above, and eclectic, interesting music. They have an excellent late night happy hour, during which cocktails are a mere $5. Paula, our cocktail server for the night, was as gorgeous as the bottle girls at Mynt and Mokäi but thankfully omits the snooty, I-deserve-all-of-your-money-and-you-are-lucky-to-­be-here-attitude that too frequently accompanies so many of her contemporaries. The drinks are strong and there's not a plastic cup in sight.So far, four stars! I'm definitely a fan, but the bathrooms are downstairs and being that this neighborhood is unfortunately afflicted with inconsistency, I just need to visit more than once before I can say it's as good as it gets.I'll be back (maybe tonight!)
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2010,10/27/2010,229,492,8,10,14>I can't wait to go back here again. I love dim sum. And this place has it all the time, not like at Tropical Chinese where it's only at lunch time and they run out of your favorites by the time they push the cart up to your table.Kon Chau has dim sum that you order via menu, complete with pictures. Most of the menu is standard items I've seen and tried before and love: shrimp balls, dumplings, gyoza, etc. So you fill out the form, hand it back, and voila! you get your dim sum delivered straight to you. Great for impatient people who don't like to wait for little carts to go round and round and you have to ask what each item is before ordering to make sure you aren't getting frog legs or something like that.The place is definitely a hole in the wall, nothing fancy at all. But you can tell the people who come here are die-hard dim sum fans that have seeked this place out. And if you have no clue what dim sum is, you should go find out!
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,10/26/2010,223,96,3,16,5>I'm in complete shock that this amazing place does not have five stars. I went for the last three hours on Sunday, which is the end of the week for them, and I was astonished at the huge selection, and on the last day no less! Every vendor was cheerful, helpful, and friendly. They had an ATM machine right in the center of the space, which ended up being incredibly convenient, since I found so much I wanted to buy! They offered everything from fresh local produce, to exotic spices, clothing, crafts, and more. One booth even offers massages. The market is great for families, couples, or even a group of friends. It's pet friendly, and many people had dogs on leashes. Kids were happily entertained by the many kid friendly booths and activities.The market is quaint and charming, with an indoor/outdoor space appeal. There are old statues of bulls and horses out front for the kids to play on, and a great little barbecue out back. You can go all day, with food available. Fresh made sushi, corn on the cob, Philly pretzels, and an outdoor barbecue ensure you will not leave hungry. Row upon row of vendors spread out, and I felt like a kid in a candy store from the moment I walked in. First stop was "Hot mama's", where I purchased homemade spicy verde salsa for only three dollars. She makes a mild and a great pineapple medium, too. I also picked up an amazing hot pepper assortment (two long hots and five red jalapenos) for just one dollar, and some dried arbol chilies, also just a dollar.Right next door was an amazing booth with shells, knickknacks, and local treats. Key lime marinades, hot sauces, and rum cakes, all with Florida themed packaging. Next stop, "Baskets of love", which displayed the most creative and amazingly priced gift baskets I have EVER seen. Truly the perfect gift for all occasions, and completely customizable. I couldn't believe how cheap they were, and such great quality! There were dozens of vendors showcasing organic skincare, candles, etc, but my favorite was B-True organics, which had a variety of skincare, lotions, shampoos, soaps, even nail polish, all of which was made with no harsh chemicals, or animal testing.I bought organic dog cookies for my little guy at "Auggie's Doggies". They have ten flavors and all are made by hand with all natural organic ingredients. I got a sample bag for only $3.00, which had about ten cookies in it, just to be sure my dog liked them. He did, and since they are so much healthier than anything else I've seen, I will be switching him to these treats, exclusively!I tried on adorable handmade hats at "That Way Hat", which were as cheap as ten dollars, and very beautifully crafted. I browsed a wide array of jewelry displays, with vendors offering everything from modern styles to genuine African tribal pieces. I purchased a huge tin of homemade organic capers ($2.00!!) and sampled the best mozzarella cheese I've ever tasted at "Mozzarita" I planned to go back and buy the mozzarella, but unfortunately i got so caught up in my produce selections that the market closed before I got back to them. I will buy some next week for sure!Another vendor, "The Good Earth", offered farm fresh eggs and Fresh Amish made cheeses from Amish Country in Ohio, near where I grew up. I bought a spicy Tangy Pepper Relish, a great buy at $5.00 for a pint. Also amazing Amish butter. Just like I remember when I was a kid!I bought a pound of fresh red snapper for only $7.00 from "Twin Tails Seafood". The other seafood vendor, New Earth Seafood, had been almost completely wiped out by the end of the day Sunday, but they still had some amazing rock lobsters and king crab legs, and some nice cuts of Mahi. I'm planning on going back for some seafood next week, early so I don't miss out!I bought organic Donko Shitake mushrooms from "Sidecreek Farms". The mushrooms were $5.00 and were grown on natural oak logs from certified organic spore. I Bought a mango ($2.00), eight limes ($1.00), a fresh whole pineapple ($3.50) Red, Green, and Orange peppers (2x$1.00) a gorgeous eggplant ($1.00) half a dozen scotch bonnets ($1.00), baby carrots ($1.00) and some lovely little pomegranates for only 75 cents! There were at least a dozen produce vendors of various sizes, offering everything from bananas to beets. I don't understand how anyone could be unsatisfied with the produce offerings. I am adding a picture of the produce I bought.I also got a huge bouquet of gorgeous flowers for just $5.00 (Picture also included)And best for last......"Asian Tea For Me", which sells amazing teas and exotic spices. I Bought six spices, (including hot Madras Curry, Garam Masala, a Shanghai blend, a Cuban blend, and Turkish Sumac, which I have never even seen before. I can't wait to try! I also bought a sleepy time tea blend with Valerian root and a dozen other soothing herbs for $6.00Overall, this Market is the best thing to happen to our community in a long time. I highly recommend a visit!
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,10/25/2010,110,113,8,10,10>Friday night I had a Christmas Party at a friends house and I already knew they were serving dishes I either couldn't eat or wouldn't eat.  It must have been around 11:00 pm when I came to the realization that Vodka-Soda's were not a great idea for dinner considering I was on a date with a fairly new SO.  Lucky for me this finicky eater (SO)  hadn't dived into the grubs at the Christmas Party either and was equally in dire need of solids to put in their stomach.  We went to Prima Pasta.  We were in the area and it also happened to be one of my dates favorite Restaurants. I was afraid they would not be serving at that time but to my surprise not only were they serving they greeted us with smiles and seemed so eager to sit and accommodate us.  That was a great feeling.  I hate when I get to a restaurant late and the servers look at you with the "oh great, I'm never getting out of here" look.  We ordered the beef carpaccio for appetizer and split the grilled grouper with a lemon-butter caper sauce accompanied by a 4 cheese asparagus risotto. My date ate all the carpaccio and said it was GREAT and tried to bribe me a couple of times to try it.  The fish and risotto were absolutely delicious.  I have to point out that we ordered one dinner, they brought it out already split for us and it looked like two dinners.  I would never have been able to make a dent in the plate if I ordered it by myself.  I couldn't even finish my split portion.  For dessert we had their meringuito's.  All in all the food was excellent and the service matched.  Never ever hesitate coming to Prima Pasta!
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,11/22/2011,420,662,8,13,10>Finally made it to this hipster heaven! After hearing Yelpers rave about the many charms of Abraxas for several years - I'm not sure why it took me so long to pass by.It's dark in here. Really dark. But surprisingly charming.I ordered a mead ... and it was not what I expected. Frankly, it was gross. Lol, that's what I get for trying something new! The bartender took it away and tried some himself - and even admitted he wouldn't drink it unless paired with the right sweet. I was bummed that they still charged me for the rather pricey drink ... considering I took one sip.They have a nice variety of ciders, which I appreciate. I tried a new one, and had a Magner's, my fave.The bartender was friendly, and the patrons were a totally mixed crowd. Very relaxed, with lots of regulars.Abraxas was not what I expected , but sometimes, surprises are a good thing. Stoked to be starting our Zack Attack pub crawl here in a couple weeks!
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,11/21/2011,332,131,10,8,11>This place KICKS Chipotle's ass!! What's good: the food, the super friendly staff, LOVE the salsa bar, very good guacamole, can tell it's fresh and with chunks. The food taste is fresh and just the right flavor but where they kick Chipolte's ass is when it comes to menu options and selection. WOW! I had two chicken soft tacos and one beef and I was STUFFED! mmmm along with a cold beer. Deeelish! I live two blocks away and finally made my way over there. Oh and another plus -- outside dining in their cute little courtyard. What's bad: The set up. The one on Alton Rd usually has a line out the door making the front desk ordering area and fountain drink area a bit of a disaster. Unlike Chipotle, LIME didn't factor in the line situation in the design of the order space. EXTRA 411: ladies, there are like 3 gyms within walking distance and this place is a hot spot for musclemen. Not juicers (they are too dumb and tend to eat taco bell) or meatheads. But really HOT athletic dudes, jock types who walk over after their workout to grab dinner. Just sayin great mexican food and date worthy eye candy...It's truly a win-win! Arriba!
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,11/20/2011,31,80,4,11,12>I'm a transplanted Philadephian.  This is important to know because in the hot and sticky summer months in Miami I long for real Italian waterice.  And if you don't know what that is, please haul your sweaty and sticky self over to J.J. Fitelli's to find out what refreshing really means.Italian waterice is a smooth version of snow cones, but way better.  It's like shaved ice, but without the crappy syrup.  It's a dish of sorbet but lighter in texture and richer in flavor.  It's a must.  And when you add soft serve ice cream in parfait layers to the waterice, it's a cup of heaven.J.J.'s has an extensive rotating daily flavor list, with everything from the standards (cherry, lemon, etc.) to the exotic (pina colada and horchata).  The waterice flavors are deep and and honest.  The cherry ice tastes like real cherries, not like a lifesaver.  The Georgia Peach?  Yep, it tastes like an orchard.  Add soft serve chocolate or vanilla ice cream or yogurt in parfait layers to your waterice flavor and you can create some very complex and delicious desserts for very reasonable prices.A few bonus bullet points:-They're Kosher (dairy)-They have fat free/sugar free waterice flavors every day that taste great!-There's limited inside seating (benches for adults and kid-size tables and chairs for the little ones).-For the summer, kids get a FREE small waterice with an adult purchase of medium or larger.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,11/19/2011,278,388,4,9,8>It seems that Midtown is booming at blazing speeds.  Way faster than DSL : DI checked out Ricochet the day before they had their 'official' opening, and their kitchen was closed.  So I didn't get to sample their 'small bite' menu.But their cocktails were solid, as was the sound system, service, and ambiance.Ricochet management is encouraging patrons to utilize the space as a Happy Hour spot to enjoy drink specials and board games.Truth be told, it almost seems a little too nice for that.  But maybe I'm just humble and dont consider myself worthy.  The space leans more towards the swanky side, with comfy lounge chairs, purple hues, and aged wood walls.I think they'll be bringing out dj's and live acts soon enough, so you'll definitely be able to see Ricochet as a destination night spot.It's in the heart of midtown, behind Sugarcane.  Or if you're walking outside of Montaditos, head left(south) to the corner, and it's right there on the left.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,11/18/2011,223,290,8,11,9>I had been to another Peruvian chicken place, and in comparison... this one is the underdog. This place is relatively small. There are a few tables. And the staff is limited. But boy, does this place know how to do it. To say they have friendly staff is not enough until you know what I mean. The menu looked really good, but I knew what I came in there for. The chicken is packed with flavor, and very tender. Naturally. The sauces that they offer are absolutely killer. They got 'em all. If you like spicy sauces, they got you're back. If you're stuck on what sides to get: The fried yuca will NEVER let you down.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,11/17/2011,223,96,13,15,13>This store is a literal fantasy-land paradise for the daring diva. I can barely describe the feeling of wonder-struck awe I experienced when I walked in the door. The place is huge; a sprawling, expansive vista of rack after rack full of the most daring and sensual attire any lingerie-obsessed lady might desire to see. With petites to plus sizes represented in abundance, Every section is organized according to style, color, and size.They have entire racks of corsets, an entire wall of tutu's, accessories of any and every type. Theres one wall entirely covered in panty hose, fishnets, and stockings, another wall covered in sexy little "lingerie-in-a-box" type items. They have an entire alcove full of shoes. Sexy, exotic, platform shoes and amazing boots. They have costumes, exotic wear, dresses, fetish gear, jewelry, ostrich feathers, bathing suits, club-wear, bridal lingerie, baby dolls, bra and panty sets, masks, head pieces, the list goes on and on. If you need it, they'll have it. Or something better you never even knew existed. And just when you think it can't get any better, you find the sales rack. This deal made me triple-take at the sign. BUY ONE GET ONE FREE. And get this; it wasn't junk. The prices were so low it would be a steal even if you didn't get another item, and they're throwing in a free piece. Many of the dresses, once marked as $100.00, were on sale for $10.00. WITH ANOTHER ONE FREE! I got four gorgeous pieces for $20.00. I couldn't believe it. They also had sale panties, bras, boas, and right now they are doing a halloween costume sale that is unbelievable. Two full costumes for $25.00. It's without doubt the best value I've seen anywhere in Miami. They also have an entire separated area with adult movies and toys. My only complaint; they have NO return policy. All sales are final. No returns or exchanges. I can understand this policy in regards to lingerie, adult toys, etc. It makes sense. Who wants a used pair of panties? Ew. But it might make buying a gift for someone difficult here, and be sure to try everything on before you buy!Be sure to schedule a few hours for a visit here. It's not a quick stop; it's an event. Luckily, there is a pizza shop right next door, which helps when you're in there for over two hours at a time...
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,11/16/2011,153,1226,15,12,12>two things ive wanted to do for the longest. to go for dinner with a tall, charming blonde and to go to china grill in south beach. i recently made it happen and this is a recount of my experience. ive been taking advantage of the miami spice month like crazy, miss H has been doing the same so we agreed to check china grill out as the menu seemed interesting and vegetarian friendly. she made a reservation for 2 and i arrived approximately 45 seconds after she had been seated. nice setting, the decoration is both modern and elegant. we were greeted by a very polite gentleman who asked us if we had a preference of bottled water or regular flat water, we both got miamis finest cause were fuckin smart, thats whats up.got our menus including the miami spice menu and their cocktail menu, few moments later, our waiter came back by our table and took our order. miss H got a martini and i got a belvedere and tonic. then we shared the cesars salad and china grill noodles as appetizers. im not a real fan of cesars but china grill makes an awesome salad. i can't really tell what's about their style but it was so tasty that i secretly wanted to lick the bowl in which it was served. the noodles were delicious too. pan fried with veggies, i could eat those every day. as for entrees, which are also meant to be shared, we got the wild mushroom pasta and the pan seared tuna steak. The tuna was butter. literally melts in your mouth but the pasta was my favorite. perfectly cooked al dente, topped with this delicious, creamy and rich white sauce with mushrooms, onions and sun dried tomatoes. again i secretly wanted to lick my plate but that's not glam and china grill is a little glam. i was even wearing banana republic.because i live very close to china grill, i feel like im going to come back very soon, maybe not during miami spice anymore, hopefully with a tall charming blonde again but im definitely not opposed to the idea of going with a hot brunette either.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,11/15/2011,365,232,15,17,14>DID SOMEBODY SAY "DIVE BAR?"  Don't get me wrong.  This is not 5 stars for atmosphere, or 5 stars for service, or 5 stars for cocktails-- this is 5 stars for putting the "dive" in "dive bar." This place makes Happy's Stork Lounge look like LIV @ Fontainebleau.  The first thing you'll notice is the cigarette smoke.  Next thing is the darkness.  Third thing is that the old adage "rode hard and put away wet" applies to most everbody/thing in the place.  There's an old "bowling" table game that doesn't work, and of course, a pool table and a jukebox.  The cash register is the old-fashioned kind with the rows of buttons for dollars and cents.Forgive me-- I didn't check out the jukebox, or the ladies room, or the prices, but I will say, I got one drink and it was a VERY generous pour.People were friendly, especially the dwarf. Yeah, I am NOT kidding.  He said he likes the Point better than Billy's II.  I guess Billy's is too damn fancy?Anyway, if you're looking for a true dive, pristine and untouched by hipster hands, this my friends--THIS IS IT.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,11/14/2011,529,642,14,20,18>Well, I've finally been here (twice in one evening!). I get it. Trust me, I'd read Paul's review. I was fully prepared to not like the place - hey, Miami now has some pretty good bars. How great could a bare-bones bar in an atmospheric and oceanic sciences university campus be?Well, let's see. Start with the cheap beer, only marginally higher in price than if you bought it at the supermarket. Oh, and we're not talking about crap beer, either. These kids and profs are too smart to drink the fizzy yellow stuff. No, this is real beer...cheap real beer. For example - I started the evening with a mere $20 bill and a couple singles in my pocket, as I forgot to hit the ATM. Yes, this is a cash only bar. Almost any other place in Miami not named Zeke's, if you show up with $22, you're screwed. One Andrew Jackson doesn't go very far in this town. Or so I thought. How is it that I could have a Southern Tier Double IPA (draft), a Cigar City Jai-Alai, a Breckenridge Vanilla Porter, and a Guinness.....fork over $20, and still have a few bucks left over, net of tips? And here's the real coup....you're not just getting cheap beer, you're getting cheap beer with a view. Go to the patio, look to your right, and see the entirety of South Biscayne Bay stretched out before you. Did I mention that from that vantage point, the sun sets behind that bay? Of course, this place isn't cool. It doesn't exemplify what outsiders think Miami is. It has more of a 1963 Miami feel. Or maybe even earlier. You could have been sitting at the Wetlab's location in 1930, and aside from the Bear Cut bridge not being there, it would have looked nearly the same. This place was being talked about seemingly every day back when I first joined Yelp. I was skeptical...................but yeah, I get it.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,11/12/2011,1489,1675,16,20,18>Oh how I debated on giving a five star! Since I have only been here once I will wait til my next visit to update. So I frequent Bayside all the time, and please tell me how I have missed this great spot? Great view of the bay, plenty tables outside and a good size bar. Gigi was our bartender the other night and wow was she impressive! Not only was she super friendly and gave us incredible service, she also suggested beers for me in which I loved every single one. Knowledgeable on beer, yes score! I told her what I liked and she so delivered. I had four beers, all different, such a great variety. The beer menu is huge with beers from all over the world, and all were very fresh. We ordered some wing's and seafood platter to share. The wing's were very good, hot sauce on the side. OK, this is bar food y'all, all deep fried, no healthy eating here. The food menu is written on a chalkboard on the wall. We had no complaints on the food we tried, not greasy, not to heavy seeing how everything was fried. The grouper was delish and the conch fritters were excellent. I can not remember all the beers I tried because it started pouring down rain so we just sat there enjoying some good beer. One that I really enjoyed was the "Hop Devil" delish! Some other choices that were on the menu were : Saison Athene- have some at home can not wait to try. Shipyard XXXX IPA, one that I tried this evening and again loved. Coney Island Albino Phython 15- hmm no clue Three Philosophies- sounds interesting. I so enjoyed their selections of beer at reasonable prices. It is casual, chill, great views, with awesome service! Gigi is a true pro! I will so go back again and again, have a feeling this will be my new local hangout and especially when I can walk home, YES! Can not wait for the beer snob to go and check it out. Love this place!DISCLAIMER: They have wine here as well but being a wine snob I would never order wine from here, they should stick to their incredible beer selection only.  The wine bottle's are in bin's lined up against the back wall in the HEAT.  Heat is one of the worst thing's for wine, sorry guy's but it really should be properly stored.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,7/3/2012,223,142,7,14,11>Lost Weekend never disappoints. It's like the minute you walk in, you are guaranteed a good time. My other 1/2 and I decided to have our engagement party there since it was where we became a couple. We talked to the manager, Billy, who was incredibly accommodating and kind to us. We rented the upstairs and had the food catered by The Alibi. The staff was on point. The food came out when it should (and it was delicious - no surprise there), the beers kept flowing and the drinks were mixed perfectly. And the music, the music selection is fantastic! Everything from hip-hop to R&B to Pop to New Wave to Folk to Rock and Metal, you can count on your favorite song being there. Everyone got to play and dance to a song they loved. It was great!Every single one of our guests raved about the food, the service and the bar itself. Those that had not been there before were in awe of the place and said it was one of the best bars they had ever been to. But most of us already knew that.  Lost Weekend's owners and staff know how to run a bar and know how to give great service. Thank you for making our night so wonderful! We knew we could count on this place to have a good time but everything they did for us exceeded our expectations. You can count on us being back again and again and again and again!And if you ever want to throw a shindig here, do it! And talk to Billy. The guy is pure awesomeness!
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,7/2/2012,80,83,5,5,5>Here's the thing...If you take a look at my reviews you'll see that I tend to eat out- A LOT! There is definitely something that MUST go hand-in-hand with my eating habits, which is an even greater addiction to working out.If you are spending your time searching through reviews and trying to find a gym "home" for you in Miami then it's time to stop looking. There is no other place to go in SOUTH FLORIDA than Body & Soul.  They really do have it all!First lets talk about their instructors and classes:1) ANY and ALL Real Ryder( Cycling) Classes and Strength Training/Weights classes from Juan Hidalgo are a MUST! Besides being incredibly adorable with an even better personality- he has the ability to kick your A** and challenge all fitness levels and ages.  FYI- He's a hell of a Personal Trainer too 2) Zumba with Sonia Sheron. Seriously? This girl oozes sexy in a fun and incredibly engaging way. Even if you think you can't dance you are going to find your inner Shakira with Sonia and you'll LOVE the results!3) VIDEOSYNC with Jay Marcos- BELIEVE THE HYPE!! This man is easily one of the most inspirational and talented people I have ever had the privilege of meeting. This dance class pushes you to the MAX in a way that leaves you totally exhilarated and feeling more confident and beautiful then you could even begin to imagine. Make sure you come VERY early because he has a following that you won't believe.4)Yogathleta with Cat Haayen.  I am not a Yogi by any stretch of the imagination. I have the attention span of a two year old, and would have NEVER considered doing yoga before.  At the prompting of several friends, I tried out one of Cat's Yogathleta classes. This girl had me laughing, stretching out, and shaking my ASANA. By the end of the class I had so much fun that I didn't even realize I had been doing YOGA?! Seriously??Last but not least lets talk about the gym itself. One word- GORGEOUS. Now that's not in the pretentious "Miami" way where you feel like you will never fit in (don't get me wrong it's a state-of-the-art beautiful facility full of beautiful people), but it's the vibe of this place. Totally low-key and down to earth, a real place where you walk in and feel that the staff there is ready to meet you at whatever level you are and get you to be the healthiest you that you can be.As corny as it may sound, every time I walk into Body & Soul I am always excited. You really can't beat that when it comes to a gym.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,7/1/2012,129,287,9,13,9>So after I don't know how many years of driving past the Gabose back when I lived in Broward (it's right nearby one of the best comic shops in SoFla, Tate's, which is where I got my books for several years), I finally made it there for dinner last night.  And I'm sorry I waited this long!We decided to head up north last night and invited some friends who live up there to join us.  This was a good call because it opened up the food items we'd get to try.We went back to the charcoal fire room in the back of the restaurant.  Although it was a bit smoky at first, that seemed to clear up after a few minutes.We started with some cheap sake and a Korean beer, Hite.  We then had a leek pancake that was sort of like a Korean frittata (everyone loved) and some clear noodles served with onions, beef, and a couple other things (also quite tasty).They set us up with a bunch of condiments (kimchi, sprouts, fish cakes, spicy zucchini slices, bean paste, plus several others I can't recall) and a small ceramic pot filled with burning charcoal and flipped on the overhead vent -- an absolute necessity.We were then brought our marinated chicken breast and marinated, boneless beef rib pieces, barbecue tongs and a pair of kitchen shears to cut up the meat.  The waiter showed us how to cook them and then left us to the fun.And after all that, we still had an order of bibimbap that was incredibly tasty and devoured even though we were all nearly stuffed The two things I'd warn you about is to be careful of letting the marinade drip into things and to keep an eye on the grill because they can go from raw/undercooked to burned very quickly if you're not paying attention.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,6/30/2012,87,85,6,8,5>I have to admit, I seldom make the trek over to Coconut Grove, but when word got to me that a new burger and beer place opened up I was in!Lokal uses grass-fed beef and everything on their menu comes from local farms and breweries. They have a  pretty sweet craft beer selection featuring local brews (both bottled and draft).  The burgers are really good, but I suggest ordering one temperature down. I ordered my burger medium well and found it just a tad over-cooked for my taste--it wasn't a deal breaker though, just something to take note of for next time. Their burger menu includes some pretty stellar burgers with some unique takes on an old classic. My burger wasn't very unusual--I had the Miami Blues with bacon and blue cheese...yum! Others at my table ordered the Frita burger which comes with guava jelly, gruyere, and potato sticks. I think that the fact that almost all of Lokal's burgers have a Miami twist to them is thoughtful and unique. DEAL ALERT:The Heat game was on and if you order a Miami Heat Burger (uber spicy, fyi) during a game they throw in a Brooklyn Lager on the house. A BROOKLYN LAGER for FREE. Now, I'm not easily impressed, but any equation involving free beer gives me heart palpitations. Lokal's waitstaff is refreshingly nice and friendly and the atmosphere is hip, yet laid-back. They also have complimentary organic doggie treats for dogs. Any place that cares for my darling pooch is a place for me. Support our local businesses and farms and jaunt over to Lokal Burgers and Beer!
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,6/29/2012,142,62,4,7,5>I love Angelique's! I have spent countless Sundays here drinking their unlimited mimosas and having a great time with my company!This is one of the best brunch places I have visited in Miami and an overall wonderful restaurant! I have tried many of their breakfast dishes and my favorites are the Croque Madame, Eggs Angelique, and French Toast with their scrumptious Patatas Bravas! The Croque Madame is a heavenly proscuitto and swiss sandwich topped with a fried egg and bechamel sauce (from what I remember) and it's absolutely amazing, creamy, and delicious! The Eggs Angelique are also a wonderful eggs benedict-like dish with a delightful hollandaise sauce! Their fluffy and light french toast is also highly suggested! They also have awesome lunch options like the Hangover Burger that is cooked perfectly and topped with a fried egg, their Pasta con Fungi that comes in a savory sauce with a plentiful helping of mushrooms, and their Pasta Carbonara which is a great option if you want pasta and breakfast since it's topped with a poached egg- I had this recently and had a difficult time not licking my plate! The space is very lovely, minimal, but still cozy and creates a charming atmosphere to dine among friends. The music they play also helps create the right ambiance with songs by Adele and Corinne Bailey Rae in the background. The owner is extremely sweet and always welcomes us back like family, she even told us the story of why it says "The Little Miracle" over the bar. The service is always wonderful! This is a wonderful spot, that you should try if you haven't already! You'll eat fantastic food, have a wonderful buzz after the unlimited mimosas, and have an absolutely amazing time! Thank you Angelique's- great memories have been created here and there will be many many more ahead! Oh no! I almost forgot dessert!!! Blasphemy- how dare I! Well, their creme brulee is delicious and creamy goodness, they have a scrumptious little tart too, but their best dessert by far is the CHOCOLATE MADNESS! It is made up of layers of chocolate cake, chocolate brownies, chocolate frosting, and you taste each layer of chewiness, creaminess, and pure goodness in each bite. Yes. It's pretty effing amazing- just like Angelique's.
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,6/28/2012,221,253,8,15,8>Just as the name implies, Shaker's is a House of Conch - they sell it all kinds of ways but most famously the fried conch.I've been a patron of Shaker's for the past, oh, 23 years or so - a favorite treat even in childhood. It's a neighborhood place. Looks much the same today as it did way back when. The same menu board and interior furnishings since at least 1990. I guess if it ain't broke, don't fix it.Thank goodness they also apply that philosophy to the food! The recipes haven't changed throughout the years and frankly, they have no reason to. The way they've always done it works and works very well. I always get the fried conch when I go to Shaker's. It's lightly breaded tendrils of tender conch, deep-fried to a golden brown but not at all greasy. The exterior packs a great crunch while the conch meat (a notoriously tough seafood if not done right) stays pleasantly chewy on the inside. The seasoning is very simple and it doesn't need to be any more than that. My go-to is a 1/4lb order of conch with fries - grab some ketchup, mustard and lime, sit back, relax and enjoy!There are other menu options available (chicken, fish, shrimp), as well as side dishes like peas & rice, mac & cheese, collard greens and potato salad.This is no dine-in spot - takeout only. Parking can get hectic on the weekends. Service is "succint", not necessarily friendly. But all of that is why folks that know and enjoy Shaker's love it for their CONCH, the real star of the show.Now excuse me while I call in my order. ;)
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,6/27/2012,420,662,14,23,21>Hippies, rejoice. The free love, free hugs, free spirited days of the Woodstock era are alive and well (even in Miami). Every month, as the pie in the sky reaches its full glory, dozens of offbeat Miamians gather to dance, drink, drum and bask in the joy of living on a remote stretch of North Beach.Tips for the maximum circle experience:Drop your ride on 82nd. Lots are free, as is street parking. Walk along Collins until you reach the beach entrance path at 81st, before the park begins.Bring a cooler (with enough to share), a blanket, a musical instrument (if you have one) and the lack of self-consciousness demonstrated by your five-year-old self. You'll need it. Say hi to your fellow circle-dwellers. Every age, race and creed is covered, and there isn't a rude or unfriendly face in the lot. As the drums start to beat, get up to groove. Interpretive dance is the gist of it, so wave your arms, hop around, shake your tail-feather; lose your inhibitions. As Johnny Castle once said, feeeeeel the music. Get liberated.Expect fire eaters, poi swingers, glow stick wielders, belly dancers and all kinds of other hippie accouterments designed to enhance your Drum Circle experience. Burning Man, eat your heart out.Unfortunately, the man comes in to shut it down at midnight sharp and a sea of nonconformists hit the streets of North Beach. Many are bare footed, some singing, some still thumping the tops of their drums: all high on life.Hippie or not, you can't help but be enchanted by the good karma that permeates this Bohemian beach party. So kumbaya, my friends.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,6/26/2012,444,433,7,9,7>Atrio does Miami Spice and everything nice. I made a reservation for dinner for two on a Sunday night, but I don't think we really needed it. We found a primo parking space on the street right next to the Conrad so we didn't have to pay for valet. Score!We don't make it downtown very much, but the Conrad seems like one fancy schmancy hotel. To get to Atrio, you have to take the elevator to the 25th floor and the restaurant is to your left. The hostess was very efficient and sat us immediately in a corner booth next to the floor-to-ceiling windows where we could look out over all of the lights and buildings of Brickell. She even brought me an orange wrap to warm me up when she noticed I had goosebumps. There were orange flowers and candles on the tables and the lighting was very dim. There were some interesting chandeliers that looked like crystal jellyfish hanging from the ceiling. The area kind of reminded me of a dining room on a cruise ship. The service got off to a slow start. We waited over 15 minutes for anyone to approach our table. The place was maybe half full so I don't know why it would take so long. I think it was the manager who finally attended our table and took our orders. The Miami Spice Menu is very eclectic and includes a vegetarian entree. The menu also suggested some select wines to pair with the food, so I ordered a glass of Tamas Estates Pinot Noir. It was very light and a little bit sweet and complimented my meal quite well. However, I would have expected it to have filled more than one-fourth of the glass. APPETIZERSA complimentary plate of 4 small slices of sourdough bread were served with warm butter before our appetizers came. It was ok; the crust was very tough and chewy. I ordered the watermelon chipotle gazpacho. At first sip, its fruity and refreshing but then turns spicy and smoky on the way down and leaves your tongue tingling. The soup was served with a crunchy, slightly cheesy tasting Foccacia croute. The boyfriend ordered the Tequila cured Salmon, which he liked although it was sliced paper-thin. I tried a bite of the accompanying pickled limes and cucumber and experienced a very unique, potent flavor - kind of like how I would expect potpourri to taste. We were also surprised with a special appetizer complements of the chef. It resembled Bruscetta, but served on top of the crostini was actually a square slice of Brie cheese (instead of Mozzarella) and instead of tomatos, it was topped with a summer fruit compote and shredded mint. I might be a bit biased since Brie is my favorite cheese in the world, but this dish was tasty. ENTREESThe boyfriend ordered the Shrimp 'Chermoula.' The shrimp were big and plump, spiced with a Mediterranean mix of saffron, lemon, tomato, chili, ginger and garlic and served on a bed of rice. [The shrimp is listed at $40 on their dinner menu, so it's a great deal when you order it and an appetizer and dessert for $35.] My Open Heirloom Tomato Ravioli was actually one giant ravioli served in a big while bowl. My fork glided through the pasta, as it was thin and tender. The pasta pouch was filled with soft, sweet tomatoes and was topped with ricotta, sweet garlic confit and basil oil which resulted in a refined Italian taste. DESSERTSThe boyfriend's dessert of choice was the Pineapple and Meyers Rum Oven Tart which was served with a tiny scoop of coconut ice cream and resembled a Toaster Strudel. The crust was flaky and the warm fruit filling was delicious - you could definitely still taste the rum, too. My meal ended with the Chocolate Ganache, served with a medium sized scoop of espresso ice cream, biscotti and half a strawberry. The Ganache was the consistency of a thick mousse and is the richest, thickest dark chocolate dessert I've ever tasted. It was rich, but not too rich to the point of being overwhelming. The biscotti tasted like a peanut butter chocolate cookie and really complemented it. I actually preferred the Oven Tart, but if you are a chocoholic, go for the Ganache. The bill ended up being just under a hundred bucks, with gratuity included. The food was delicious, but the experience wasn't awesome enough to make me want to come back and pay full price.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,6/25/2012,65,119,5,6,5>I had an amazing date night here! I am such a sucker for rooftops and views. Couple this 16th floor hot spot with an incredible meal and atmosphere...and well, Area 31 stole my heart. We sat outside on the patio and of course immediately soaked up the sights. Looking east down the Miami River out Government Cut you gaze upon South Beach in the distance. Directly south your eye is entertained with the many high rises and interesting Brickell skyline, which you are actually apart of! After debating over the many amazing looking dishes we opted to go for the 5 course chef's tasting menu to get the season's best picks. I really wish I would have taken better notes but it was all so overstimulating ( in a great way) most of it blurs together! Dishes started light and included an app, an incredible scallop dish, a snapper dish, a fillet mignon, and divine deconstructed cake of some sort with homemade ice cream. All dishes were extremely detail oriented and masterfully executed. I tend to ask servers a lot of questions about dishes I'm interested in and ours not only did a great job explaining, but was genuinely enthusiastic about the chefs' food.  With rotating seasonal menus, it can be information overload for wait staff. I was really impressed with his memory and ability to recall ingredients, preparations, and even cooking methods. The manager even came out and chatted us up when she found out I was from the NW, as she had just been transferred from a sister restaurant in Seattle. Extremely friendly and knowledgable staff across the board. Drink list is creative and I was really happy with my mulitple martinis. Can't wait to go back for the rotating tasting menu and wine flight. From high above the crazy streets of Miami, Area 31 was sure like heaven to me!
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,6/24/2012,471,255,8,14,11>Ladies and gentlemen behold my new favorite joint in town! It's often hard to find a place where you can have good food, good beer and a non-pretentious vibe, and the guys at the Local have managed to find the perfect balance.The pretentious part is a big deal and I think it weighs in a lot on my review...it's plain and simple;  In order to find something risque, different and original in Miami one has to venture to the only area in Miami that can afford it....and I hate having to get all dressed up to go eat at hotel restaurants....not my stylo.Local reminds me a lot of my favorite dining spots in New Orleans. Its both trendy and delicious and tt caters to my inner hispter, snob foodie, and yuppie wannabe all at the same time. I guess because I'm still in my early 20's, the noise levels don't really bother me, specially since my focus was on the amazing flavors of their kick-ass beer selection. Sure you could find these at your friendly local beer spots like DRB, Cervezas, etc, but what you wont find is their refreshingly unique menu.I wanted a mouth-full of something new, and since I was the bday girl I got  to make all the selections (my dates consisted of the two most important men in my life...and they know how to spoil me :)in order of importance;- Buffalo Style Sweetbreads: enough said, just put it in your mouth- Shrimp & Grits: delicious, almost as good as the ones back home- Chicken Liver mousse: certainly a special flavor, nonetheless  outstanding (kinda small though, consider ordering more if you're  having this)- Mussels were alright, since their dishes are local and organic, expect   the mussels to be small in size- Roasted Chicken Thighs: it was still amazing because I have never  tasted chicken cooked so simple and yet so full of flavor (the craft  touch) but I wouldn't order it again considering all of the other unique  options.Oh I almost forgot, the winners of the night!!! Home made beef jerky, which is just smack-in-the-face awesome if you plan on just hanging out and grabbing some brews....and drum roll pleaseGOAT CHEESE FLAN WITH A CITRUS SALAD AND TOASTED ALMONDS!!! WHAT THE F*****KKKKK!!!I'm not s dessert kind of girl but the server insisted on treating me to a birthday sweet of his liking. I swear to jeebus it's mind-boggling amazing! GOAT CHEESE!!! Hell yeah! You'd think it wouldnt work out but again they found that balance....all smiles and you better remember this face because it'll be coming by soon.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,2/14/2011,126,295,6,16,11>I used to live in Madrid in my 20's and I love all things Spanish, so when I heard that a new "cerveceria" was opening in Midtown,  I was excited to check it out.The concept is fun;  you choose from a list of 100 different  mini sandwiches on fresh baked baquettes (montaditos), check the ones you want  and hand it  to the bartender.  In a few minutes they call your name and you  pick up your order.   Prices are $1 to $2.50 and feature typical Spanish delicacies like jamon serrano, chorizo, tortilla espanola, anchovies, cheeses and some Americanized versions like pulled BBQ pork, grilled chicken and roast beef.The space is inviting; dark red  with  faux brick walls.  Sidewalk seating too.Spanish draft beer (Mahou) is only $3.00 for a 17 oz. mug!   $3 glasses of wine too. They already have some promotions going--- Wednesdays all montaditos are only $1.00 and Fridays is 2 for 1 buckets of beer (normally just $10 for 5 bottles).The concept is a franchise in Spain and this is the first US location.  They are going to open another one in South Beach soon.Bottom line:  for $10 you can have 3 or 4 montaditos and a beer (or two).  I'm in!
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,2/13/2011,167,134,9,12,12>How have I not reviewed the best Churrascaria I've been to in the US? Correcting the situation now...I've dined here several times and plan on continuing to be a patron of this establishment for as long as they remain open! They now know us by name and sometimes jokingly offer us our 'usual' table.Let's start by complimenting their service standards, which are clearly exceptional! The waiters are incredibly accomodating and eager to please. We've asked for things to be done in a particular way, at specific times, like asking for a few peices of sausage to be cut up for us and placed in the middle of the table with lime, like an appetizer, and it was done as if it were the norm. The will bring you whatever choice of meat you like and want more of. If you ask for them to just bring Picanha (the best cut of meat on the planet), throughout the meal, nothing else, they will do it with pleasure. Always smiling and available, the waiters rock!The food - yes, the food! All of it! It's delish! Cooked, grilled, made however you request it. My sister likes her meat well done. They consistently and exclusively brought out well done cuts for her once they learned of her preference. The salad bar is also fantastic, but you can tell a novice from an experienced Churrascaria frequenter when the person is loading up their plate with items from the bar. BIG MISTAKE if you want to be able to experience all the meat available to you! The side items ordered for the table always impress, particularly the sweet banana plate.Prices per person vary, based on dining time. Lunch is cheaper than dinner. Prices don't include drinks, coffee, or dessert either, however, this place is well worth the buck you'll pay!
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,2/12/2011,165,258,20,8,12>Alright, I admit it, my girl Lucy NEEDS things from the Dog Bar.  She needs that Miami-blingy rhinestone encrusted collar.  She needs the special food made by virgin Amish girls using only water that falls from the heavens.  She needs it all and more.  Where to get it?  Dog Bar!  Now, if only I can figure out how to squeeze her into that faux rabbit jacket.  Why?  She NEEDS it...bad!  After all, nothing says luxury like a fur coat worn over a fur coat.  Lucy needs that luxury, and Dog Bar has it!
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,2/11/2011,675,517,5,7,8>Totally love this place!! Went yesterday for happy hour, and I have to say this is the Cheapest Outting I've had in a looong time!!! Free champagne for ladies from 4-7 and food for $5-6!! What?????? Yes! this place is def recession friendly. We had the calamari, lobster quesadilla, marguerita pizza and hummus plate . There was so much food left, we didn't know what to do with ourselves. Everything was really good, service was on point and you can tell this place has a number of followers because for being a thrusday night it was packed!. I will def be returning very soon!
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,2/10/2011,420,662,12,9,11>If you could pour Miami Beach into a plastic cup, it would be a Call a Cab at Wet Willie's. Bright red, smooth, delicious and utterly dangerous.After hearing about Wet Willie's from an out-of-town friend since we moved here, we finally made it to the legendary spot to sample some of the famous concoctions. I might mention - frozen drinks are my particular poison, so Wet Willie's, with its insane multitude of options, couldn't be more up my alley!It was slightly intimidating walking in, given the armed cops sitting at the door - guess the place gets a little rowdy...lol. We headed upstairs and chatted with the super-friendly bartender (who says service is dead in Mia??), who let us try little tastes of the dozens of cleverly-named flavors. My beverage of choice was a creamsicle - a mouthwatering mix of mango and pina colada. Yummmmmmm.Not sure I'd spend much time inside the bar itself - the crowd was a little on the sketchy side, but hell, who needs to hang out? Just grab your drink and head to the beach. That's what makes this place so special.Some of the boys went with pina coladas mixed with call a cab - but that's just asking for trouble. Call a cab involves 151 - and I'm not getting near that, at least not in the daytime.The large bevvie is $10, and I was found that surprisingly reasonable. I was expecting $15, $20 maybe. We picked up our plastic and headed to the beach. Definitely worth parking your towel near here, so you can sip these frozen dreams in the bright Miami sunshine. Heaven!
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,2/9/2011,137,64,12,12,11>I was crazy excited to check this place out after stumbling upon a mention of it on Yelp. I couldn't have picked a better night to go than last night. Get there around 530 and got a pitcher of Rogue Dead Guy for $9, ftw. The bartender said that they were closing early cause there was a private party. Quickly drank that pitcher and got another. Between the time that the bar closed and when we got the second pitcher, it was decided that we were staying for the private party. Win. The private party was for something. But I don't think we ever figured it out. They had free drinks. Thank you. They had a buffet. Thank you. I suppose I'll have to look at the free t-shirt I got to know what the party was for. Did I mention the view? Spectacular. The only other view that might match up is Shuckers. This has become my new favorite bar.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,2/8/2011,587,1627,7,14,8>I, like many folks in Miami as I gather, am not that great of a fan of Indian food. Why? Well, because Indian food as I remember and tried in other American cities tend to be made for the fire-breathing Americans with a belly wanting to eat anything spicier than a wasabi drop - seriously! And that kind of food was obviously not going to work in unAmerican, latinized Miami (thank god!)But, having a friend from London in town, the land of all exported Indianness, I figured it wouldn't hurt to have it again after my long absence from the cuisine. And so I remembered seeing that people mentioned good things about Bomba Darbar, and I was on the way back to downtown - and at the time, nothing sounded better than dining out at the tree-laden Grove at night.Upon approaching, I was impressed with the reasonable prices (other Indian establishments being two or three times more expensive) and a more than decent menu. We ordered biryani (rice with many things in it), garlic naan, and dal (lentils) - and we had heaping of food on the table with just those three things that we still had leftovers (and believe me, we ate a lot - especially me!).The service was friendly, attentive, and courteous.And the spicy-level? Latin-friendly, but spicy enough that it'll appease your American friends. At least it did appease the Londoner! :)I'll be back for my Indian fix!NOTE:I later tried the Vegetable Samoas which are good, and the Fish Goan Curry and that was very tasty. Also, I had the Lassi Mango drinks which were rich, thick, mango-ey, and tasty - I'd definitely order it again!
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,2/7/2011,180,262,10,11,4>Dinner for 7 on a Sunday to celebrate 3 birthdays all at once.  We spent wayyyy too long trying to come to a consensus on where to go... I was in the mood for pasta - everyone else was in the mood for steak - so Graziano's was the perfect mix.  (Forget the fancy schmancy Gables & Brickell locations... stick to the original on Bird Rd!)The bread with the chimichurri sauce they put out was deeelicious and addicting.  We ordered wine - they brought it out, put it in a decantur, and let us each taste it before the full pour.I splurged and ordered the lobster ravioli after reading some rave reviews about it.  This lobster fan had a foodgasm right there at the table.   Forget 12oz of cow on the table... I'll take the sumptuous ravioli any day.  It was just the right portion to leave space for dessert without feeling like I've turned into the cow they served to everyone else.I won the dessert award for picking the dish that everyone wanted to try.  Dulce de leche crepes - with Grand Marnier, lit on fire (a flambe.. sp??)  Seriously - I could've gotten drunk if I had licked up everything on the plate.  My pick made everyone else's tiramisu and flan look like stale cookies.The only downside to this place? If you're dining at night, and they have the shades open - you get to look at the neon sign for the XXX store across the street.  Ha! :)
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,2/6/2011,103,159,9,9,10>You'd think that the food in a Federal Bldg's cafeteria wouldn't be that good, but you haven't tried Constitution Cafe.With a different menu everyday and gourmet options to choose from, at a VERY reasonable price, you can't go wrong here. I tried the 5th Street burger with a side of fries and a soft drink and the whole thing was about $9. And we're not talking about a skinny burger either, it was a pretty big burger with all the fixins and it was delicious.My boyfriend had the fried mahi-mahi sandwich, which I had a bite of, and it was super tasty. Not too greasy and not too fishy either. That sucker was about $8 too.So if you are ever downtown and looking to try something new, I suggest the Constitution Cafe. I can't wait to go back and see what new options they are cooking up!
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,2/5/2011,253,216,6,6,7>I'd been reading Yelp reviews about this restaurant for quite some time and I had been dying to check it out so when Groupon had a deal, I jumped on it. The place was pretty empty but it was a Thursday night. They do have a beautiful outdoor area and a nice indoor area so I'm sure the ambiance is probably very cool on the weekends.Being Cuban, it's tough to think of Cuban food as being "gourmet". What I loved most about this place is that they spun the traditional Cuban dishes I'm used to eating into something completely out of this world.To start, we ordered the tacos and the Fritta Sliders. OH-EM-GEE. Those fritta sliders were out of control. I was sad that there was only one per person! An absolute MUST-TRY...especially if you've never had a fritta before. The tacos were good, but a little bland for my active taste buds.For my main course, I went with the Rabo en Lata, which was braised oxtail in a can. They literally brought it out in a can and the server opened it and poured it on my plate. Traditional Rabo comes with the bone on, and D. Rodriguez's version was boneless perfection. My mouth is still watering thinking about it. My two friends ordered the imperial rice and the vaca frita (which really looked more like churrasco than vaca frita) and they both loved their food. In fact, I can say that all three of us cleaned our plates.We couldn't leave without ordering dessert, so we had the cuatro leches dessert. That too, was fantastic. It even came in a nice little tin you can take home. Other notables were the great service (Thanks, Bryan) and the drinks- their cojito, mojito, french martini and very very very dirty martini (for my dirty friend) were all (cough, cough) exceptionally potent and delicious. I didn't even care that I got a parking ticket on my way out ;)D. Rodriguez, can't wait to be back for brunch!
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,9/8/2014,149,91,5,13,11>Let me preface this review by saying that I have never been a coffee drinker...that is, until now.Prior to trying Juan Valdez, I didn't necessarily understand the "coffee culture" as it exists in the US. My outlook on coffee has always been, "Please don't let me turn into one of those robots who can't function until I've had my morning cup of coffee." I didn't realize there was more to coffee than the need for caffeine. Juan Valdez truly changes the coffee drinking experience. Not only is the cafe cozy, welcoming and authentic, but the staff is beyond knowledgeable and eager to make your experience one you will appreciate, enjoy and share with others. The employees are passionate about the brand and it shows. The head barista, Edgardo, took the time to educate me on the origins of the coffee, and it is clear that he is so proud of what he does.Lastly, I learned that each sale at Juan Valdez directly benefits the Colombian coffee growers, which is amazing. Not only are you getting your caffeine boost, but you're also doing some good along the way. Truly a win-win!Let's just say I've been converted. Colombian coffee all the way.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,9/7/2014,166,351,6,8,7>Wow, Miami has arrived! After nearly 2 decades of living here and bemoaning the lack of culture (did I just type that??? Sheesh, I am insufferable!), I had low expectations for PAMM. I had been a member of MAM and used my membership primarily to enjoy the Jam at MAM happy hour events more than the art, so I was not sure what to expect from PAMM.I joined the museum back in December but did not make it there until last week, when I attended a members-only event (there I go again!). First of all, the building is stunning! A work of art in and of itself! Not only that, it is LEED certified and has nifty features like foliage sculptures that will lower the temperature around the buildilng between 5 and 10 degrees when fully grown.The outdoor area is breathtaking, right on the water! They have ample outdoor seating, so you can take a break and enjoy some fresh air in the middle of your culture.The exhibits are a mix of modern *is that really art??" and more traditional works. Not to be missed is the Edouard Duval-Carrie exhibit (through August 31, 2014). Breathtaking! Stunning! Amazing!Finding the museum and parking was a snap, even at 6:30 on a Tuesday night. Come here! You will not be disappointed!
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/28/2014,9/6/2014,61,134,7,6,7>This little adventure began when a friend asked if I wanted to attend "Drag Brunch," which occurs every Sunday. We decided to hit the 11am session, and luckily we arrived at 11:15am to get a table before everyone converged on the place.   When I told people I was going, I was warned that the food was not great, but I was not really going for the food anyway. All I really knew was that the mimosas would be bottomless, and that is the real important thing. That said, one should be warned about the food. The portions are descent, but I am guessing most of it was frozen before.   But what you really want to know is about the drag show. I am by no means a connoisseur of drag, but I can testify that this one of those shows for Miami bachelorettes and tourists. I have seen better shows, but what makes it fun is that the queens actually stop traffic when they perform. I could not stop thinking about the fact that only on South Beach could one get away with such an act, but that is South Beach. As I looked around, I could see pleased tourists and soon-to-be wives all into the actions, which I suppose is the intended audience.    Nevertheless, if you are a tourist, go and see the show because it is a piece of South Beach and enjoy the mimosas.
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,9/5/2014,141,121,10,9,8>This is the place to get a Carpaccio and its tribute to kangaroo is a true testament to the chef's art and grace.  "I do what I want. I serve what I want. Don't like it? Don't let the door hit you on your way out :) " ...okay so she didn't say that but it's exactly the message you get when you walk in to this brazen little treasure trove.  Micah will come over and tell you how to eat it (diagonally) and if you have a problem with her ways then quite frankly this is not the place for you, gtfo.  Whoever has reviewed the place poorly based on qualms about her child walking around like it's her house can go suck an egg.  Nemesis IS that little girl's home and she is incredibly social; she surely has a mind of her own.  I totally support momma lion looking after her quirky cub-child.  Keep in mind you're a guest in her domain and this lady is a true talent.  Plating is bold and unapologetic but the taste is truly stunning.  Order anything. But first...get that carpaccio.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,9/4/2014,52,77,5,10,6>I have not been to Grove Isle Hotel and Spa's Restaurant for over 5 years now. I went there it was another restaurant.Anyway, when I made the reservations, I got excited as I never experienced dinner by the water. So I went with my boyfriend and we had the best experience of my life.First of all, the hostess greeted us very professionally and seated us in the most private VIP table which over looked the water. It was spectacular!! We saw watercrafts go by and guests passing by the walkway. It was breathtaking. We felt that we were in our own little private island.Our waiter greeted us and served us the delicous honey wheat bread. I had it with olive oil and my boyfriend had it with butter. For starters, I ordered the cauliflower soup and he ordered the caprese salad which I believe it is Burrata. We quenched it down with a Pinot Grigio for me and a Vodka with Pineapple Juice for him. The soup was scruptious and his salad was delicious. He did not think that the cheese would come warm and a bit melted and he liked it. It was better that way. It was not too melted.For the Entree, I ordered the grilled NY Steak toped with a quail egg and ranchero sauce. I also ordered it medium well. I just don't want to see any red. They brought it out perfectly. I can eat meat but did not have meat for a very long time so this was a total treat for me. My boyfriend ordered the Kansas city steak which is a 16 oz steak with broccoli and hash brown as he did not like the original sides that came with it. They accommodated his request. Both steaks came out to perfection, no red in them and cooked nicely. A true winner.In all of this experience, our waiter Tony was so hospitable. He interacted with us, catered to our every need, and made sure the food came out in its proper time. Chef Mendez has done a spectacular job in everything appetizer and entree. After we viewed some more of the scenery, it was time for dessert. I ordered the cheesecake and my boyfriend ordered the brownie banana sundae. Oh my goodness! delish! My cheesecake came out so presentable with a star fruit in it. His brownie banana sundae looked so tasty. After dessert, we just did not want to leave. We wanted to stay as long as we can possible can to enjoy the view, the water, the people, and the hospitable experience that money can buy. However, our experience was priceless!! Kudos to our waiter Tony and big kudos to Chef Mendez.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,9/3/2014,50,63,6,8,7>Looking for a new eating experience, I happened into Craft Bar & Q.  It's  a quaint establishment on the corner of Biscayne and 24th Street, but its the meat that's  the real draw here.  Sweet Baby Jesus!I ordered the Brisket sandwich with mac n cheese and for the second order I chose Baby Back Ribs with Baked beans.The Baby Back Ribs were tender and slathered in a sweetly delicious sauce.  But the real star of the show here was the B-R-I-S-K-E-T.I've only had Brisket once in my 40 years and it wasn't to my liking, but I decided to be adventurous since folks are still cooking, selling and eating Brisket, in spite of me.  Well BAM! BAM! BAM! The Brisket sandwich came with sliced strips of meat, carmelized onions on a sweet onion roll.  It was love at first bite.  In fact this sandwich was so nicely seasoned, I'm glad I hadn't put BBQ sauce on it.  That would have been sinful!!The baked beans were sweet with a light kick of spiciness.  The Macaroni and Cheese  were large shells  covered in a cheese sauce.  Now I'm a soul food fan, so this Mac and Cheese didn't overly impress me, but is still a noteworthy side dish.The draw here has got to be the Brisket!  Did I say that I liked the Brisket?The only down side of this eatery is that parking is quite limited.  I circled the block at least 15 minutes looking for street side parking.  So, head over Before you get hungry.  If not, your growling stomach might tempt you to drive away and cause you to miss  out on a great BBQ experience.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,9/2/2014,144,386,4,9,10>I am officially obsessed and in love with this place. I've gone twice in the past 24 hours, and that speaks volumes coming from yours truly. This little spot is located in the heart of South Miami. I have been wanting to try the spot in Brickell for many moons but I hate the drive and the crap parking even more. Thank the fresh fish Gods for bring this deliciousness to this neck of the woods. The place has been open about 4 days or so therefore everything is shiny and new. Management was friendly and welcoming, explaining how ordering works and making suggestions on what to try. On my first visit the girls and I snuck over for lunch. We had the guac and chips, shrimp tacos, ceviche caribeno style, ceviche aji amarillo style, and traditional. We also got some tostones on the house due to an internal error that made my food take way longer than it should have but you give this girl some free fried stuff and I guess we're even Stevens. Shameless.The guac was fantastic. Perfect consistency & flavor. It was perfectly balanced with not too much this or that, like some guacs tend to do. Chips were fresh and seasoned with some sort of cajun-y type of spice that paired very nicely with the guac. The tacos were fresh and seasoned beautifully. I ordered my aji style ceviche in a bowl (you have several options, I went for the quinoa and it was fantastic) along with a chunk of sweet potato and some corn on the cob. My dish was awesome - chunks of plump, fresh mahi, shrimp, and octopus (kinda skimpy on the octopus though) seasoned with aji amarillo, ginger, citrus juices and other delicousness that escapes me at this moment. The portion was generous and very filling, minus the "I have to go to the gym today even if I'm dead" feeling since it's all protein and good carbs. Hooray. My friend wasn't a fan of her caribeno style dish, she said it tasted too "ketchupy" and felt it was missing something. My other friend drank the juices from her bowl so safe to say she loved her traditional style dish. The tostones were also delicious - thick, cripsy outside/soft inside perfection topped with queso blanco. Couldn't get enough of those. Second visit was this evening with the hubs - had the guac again, tostones, my same ceviche and he had fish tacos which he loved. Absolute win.Service is good, the small issue we had on our first visit was a simple error due to the newness and working out some kinks. Management was kind enough to send us home with free guac and chips that time so that sealed the deal and made me come back today. I hear they will start delivering soon so I foresee lots of lunch orders in my future and definitely some repeat visits. Loved it all!
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,9/1/2014,113,41,7,9,9>Very new fast-food type restaurant off the corner of Sunset and 107th. The food is absolutely amazing. I've been there three times in the past two weeks, which definitely speaks to how much I enjoyed my meals. The staff is very friendly if you're eating in, and will even hold your desert until you're ready. So far I have tried the Pan con Bistec, the Frita, and the Dulce de Leche Flan -- all three were absolutely AMAZING. Pan con Bistec -- The steak was perfectly cooked and tasted tangy. It's definitely my favorite thing on the menu right now. Frita - Amazing wide and thin patty with a normal meat color. If you're a fan of the "frita," then you understand that some places have orange patties that are just strange-looking. These are not only pleasing the the eyes, but also incredibly tasty. Dulce de Leche Flan - Need I say more? Perfectly portioned to make you feel like it's only a slight cheat to your diet. Definitely a MUST if you're visiting Cuban Guys. The only con that I must mention is the difficulty of getting in and out of their location. I live on 107th, so I need to turn right on to 72nd and then make a u-turn in a spot that is always incredibly busy. That is sort of annoying, but I can deal with it. Since this is only a slight inconvenience, I give this place 5 STARS!
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,8/31/2014,56,42,5,10,6>Simply the best Chinese food. I can't express the deliciousness through words . They serve you a LOT of food, but with fresh and a ton of ingredients not just fillers. I have had the special fried rice which brings a ton of pork chicken shrimp and beef and the rice is succulent not just tasteless. I've had the tsa chicken which is tender and saucy and the honey garlic (which by the way it's deep fried I didn't think it was but still delicious , just heads up) but the star were the crab ragoons SWEET GOD so crunchy flavorful and amazing . And the guy who delivers it is so adorable he is Chinese but speaks fluent Spanish  cutie .I have zero complaints last time I ate Chinese food this good was in Venezuela (no joke) Order from here you won't regret it
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,8/30/2014,125,105,3,9,7>They have one of the best outdoor dining areas. Waterfront dining with the nice ocean breeze and good food? I'm there! I don't know why I had not yet reviewed them. It has the same menu concept as it's sister restaurants, you choose an appetizer and then select an entree from three set prices. A must every time from their appetizer section is their Serrano croquetas, they are deliciously creamy on the inside and crunchy on the outside. Their calamari flatbread is also delicious, as is the chihuahua cheese. For entree I went with the Braised Steak Brasatto: Mushroom and Marsala Wine Reduction, Creamy Garbanzo Stew, Topped with a Fried Egg. The meat was super tender and the fried egg was a great addition to the dish, the yolk was nice and runny like I love. Drinks here are also great. If you're looking for a nice place to eat around Brickell and enjoy the ocean, try them out, ask for an outside table!
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,10/27/2008,38,15,4,8,7>Oh, The Abbey--the very definition of a dive. And that's said with lots of love. After all, this bar's smoky, weathered atmosphere and liquor-free bar are the perfect antidote to the flashier hotspots just a block away on Lincoln Road. From the moment you walk in under the neon sign reading simply "BAR," to the moment you sit in one of the wooden booths or at the nicked, worn bar, you know you're seeing a totally different side of South Beach.If you want a seat, get here early on the weekends--this place is tiny and fills up fast. Don't expect a clean bathroom (it's a dive bar, remember?), but do expect plenty of rare and unique brews on tap. If you're not sure which to try, strike up a conversation with Frank, the young bartender in the glasses--dude knows what's up.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2008,10/26/2008,5,24,3,5,7>I'll preface my review by saying the night before I went to Cafe Versailles and had a great dinner there. The next day I wanted to take my family, who were visiting, to south beach. It was ridiculously busy out there so I turned around and headed back. Somewhere along the way I spotted the little sign for this hole in the wall and figured we should try it out. Am I glad I turned around. This has to be one of the best little restaurants I've ever been to. Quite possible the best.It isn't much to look at from the outside, but on the inside it looks like a cozy italian restaurant. Indoor seating and an outdoor enclosed seating area. Good music and ambiance fits the italian look.It's a mix between mexican/italian with a california style to it. They first bring bread with olive tampanade (amazing), and we tried the tamale appetizer that was great (sweet not spicy), with tomatillo sauce and a spicy salsa on the side. The pastas they have are all home made, as well as the sauces. I'm running out of adjectives to describe how good everything was. We all even had desert, which is a rarity when going out. I can't stress how phenomenal this place was. A little expensive (for me, $10-15 entrees) but well worth every penny. Good atmosphere, good service, good food. What else could you ask for?
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2008,10/25/2008,341,375,6,9,9>This is my go to park since I live near by.  I have been here a countless amount of times for parties, canoeing, bike riding, horse back riding and recently the dog park.  This place has it all. The dog park is easily the best one I have seen down here in South Florida. It's huge with separate section for big and small dogs. The obstacles are cool just in case you want to start training your dog for one of those competitions on TV. This place has a farm!!! The petting zoo is pretty darn cool and city slickers love to get up close to all the farm animals.They have plenty of those party shelters with the bbq built in which is great for birthday parties.Mountain bike trails = not easy but funThe new soccer complex they built on the west side of the park is like a futbol mecca for North DadeA great park all the way around
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2008,10/24/2008,77,119,10,12,11>If you are looking for a sketchy spot in Miami...this is as good as it gets!Whether you want to have cheap drinks with friends or you want to take a date where no one will see you, please look no further. Satisfaction Guaranteed.It's inside the Floridian.--the pale yellow tall building on your left as you come in from 395 to Alton. You can't miss it-- it's right on the water channel of the bay.Well, you can only access the VFW from a side door next to the lobby. The door is locked. There is a camera and they have to let you in. Apparently, my friends and I managed to meet whatever code was required for entrance. After a couple of times, you're just considered a regular.The drinks are beyond super cheap, there's a pool table and juke box. There aren't many people there...so just befriend the bartendar and the random veterans. They are a riot and I'm sure they'll share stories with you. I've spent hours there with friends who used to live in the building and I also proudly visited the VFW after they moved. No matter who's behind the bar--they are always glad you came. Oh yeah, and don't forget to buy your commemorative VFW trucker's hat conveniently sold behind the bar. I still have mine.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2008,10/23/2008,223,72,2,6,6>I moved to Miami just a few months after One Ninety had closed the doors on their first location at 46th and NE 2nd so I never got to experience the legendary brunch and amazing boho vibe of the original. I was thrilled when they reopened but now afraid that they might not make it this time around.First off, though, let's talk about the food. If I were going to die tomorrow, I would seriously consider Chef Alan's Steak Frites for my last meal. A NY Strip (rare, mmmm) served with a ginormous heap of the best fries in the entire world. They throw huge handfuls of rosemary in as they are frying and the results are mind-blowing. Finish the evening off with a creme brulee and you have the perfect meal.The rest of the menu is also great (I confess that I only know this from sampling from the plates of my dining companions) with tasty appetizers and lots of variety. The ambiance is eclectic and rustic offset by the crisp white linens and flickering candles. It's comfortable, relaxing and low-key - in short - the best atmosphere in which to enjoy a really good meal.Unfortunately, the location just pain sucks. While 46th street (where Amendment XXI is now) can still be sketch at times, the new spot on 54th just East of N Miami Ave is almost irredeemable, sandwiched between a laundromat and a sad, dark strip mall. Even if you're looking for the restaurant, it can be hard to find and parking is a tetris-like challenge in the adjacent narrow lot. Outside, lighting and signage are minimal, adding to the difficulties.Those who know what delights await within will definitely keep coming back, but I do worry that the location will be a killer, if it isn't one already (see Marcos R's review).
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2008,10/22/2008,352,828,4,8,4>Are you looking for a place to buy a large tray of Wheat Grass for daily shots? I stumbled upon the Fullei Fresh Distributor after my W bought a Juicer. I called around to see where I could buy a large tray of Wheat Grass. Fullei Fresh will sell you a large tray which will probably last a week and half or so. So if you're throwing a party or don't like paying retail for your daily shots of Wheat Grass, call Fullei Fresh. They're only open on weekdays. Make sure you get specific driving directions from the Internet as this place is difficult to find. There is no sign and you walk up to the loading dock to the small office or the first person you find.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,10/21/2008,0,2,4,5,6>This is one of my favorite places to eat!! Yummy!!  Barton G, great food, very sophisticated and very romantic, my man took me here when we started going out and the food is amazing we had shrimp but it looked like pasta-noodles, it was delicious, I love shrimp!  I heard Howard Stern was there a week later after we were there, so It must be good!  Also some plates are sophisticated, meaning they serve in these exotic platters like little fountains, lol sounds funny!  You might want to check it out and make sure you take a good amount of money.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2008,10/20/2008,19,47,2,5,3>This place is always a pleasure though crowded and loud (be ready for that), with reason.  The food is great, yesterday my bresaola salad was simply excellent as was the kobi meatball pasta (the pomodoro sauce was nothing short of sublime).  The pasta is always excellent.  I was not so impressed with the veal piccata (too tough) but I was with the fact that I had asked the waiter about veal dishes and he volunteered something off menu.  Reasonably priced considering the high quality.  Everyone talks about Perricone's but I think that it is overrated.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,10/19/2008,163,152,4,8,5>Came here after the Yelp event at Grass. We got in about 920 PM and though the place closes at 10 the wait staff was downright friendly and attentive. They even changed the TV so we could watch the VP debates. We -Rob C, Jenny and I- did order the salteno de pollo y carne. I think of the people at the table I was the one to appreciate them the least. It was too sweet for my taste and I don't really enjoy raisins in my food that often. I found myself eating more of the soft tasty crust than the filling. If you're going to be adventurous- and by all means you should try everything atleast once- and beef version was much tastier that the chicken.  The cubano cristo was amazing and in terms of food made the night. It served on a thin -almost pita like - bread and was saucy and savory (a bit like Miami nightlife). Parking was a breeze at this time (a small lot right next door). To sum it up a great nontraditional cuban, great wait staff, great friends  all the makings of a great night.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/6/2008,10/18/2008,196,289,5,9,9>I attended the invitation-only grand opening event so I only know what this place is like when all the cabanas are open and the drinks are free.  This place promises to be an elegant roof top alternative to the college-themed watering holes in the grove.Cabana One has a nice compact design -- eight cabanas lined along a small pool.  There is a unique fire pit at the end overlooking the Grove that promises to be a great place to lounge with friends.  The promotions promise a weekly pool party on Sundays.  Bottomline:  It's like a miniature Delano Pool scene on top of the Grove.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,10/11/2009,196,262,4,9,7>I've been coming to Christine's for awesome Roti for many years now, although I haven't been able to go in quite some time lately, so when I got the chance I went for it. Still the tiny hole-in-the wall place, and still the every friendly Christine ready to serve up her homemade cooking! Even though I already knew what I was going to order, I read the menu anyway just in case I wanted to try something different.. Curries, stews, jerks, and PIZZA? Not too sure about that one.. I'm sticking to what I was craving: the Goat Roti.For those who aren't sure what a Roti is, think about a really big tortilla but stuff with things like lentils and then topped your food of choice.If you're a newbie to goat curries, be aware there are bones to contend with but don't let that scare you, it's well worth putting up with a few bones because good goat is tender and full of flavor and goodness especially here at Christine's.As an added suggestion, grab a bottle of Ginger Beer to go with your meal! Hope you like things spicy!
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2008,10/10/2009,226,251,11,14,13>After all my moaning, groaning, bitching and kvetching about food and service in Miami, I can now say "wow."  And "ok, I take it back..."  But ONLY for Sra. Martinez,  Michelle Bernstein's latest effort, and long may she rule!Let's start with service: it was fabulous.  Friendly, competent, and accomodating. We were welcomed by the hostess and the maitre d' (or was he the manager? ),  and given our choice of seats. We'd already said we weren't going to stay long (we had tix for Cirque du Soleil) but they treated us as if we were potential huge consumers.  And we were treated that way for our all to brief stay.Our competent waiter had our water in no time flat, and our deliciously lemon-minty mojitos equally quickly.  And although I loved my cocktail, I can't wait to go back to try some of the other drinks, which were described very enticingly on the menus.  And a word on the menus: they're delivered in nice hand-lettered envelopes, with the Senoras address on the return portion. A nice touch, and something I'd never seen. It was kind of confusing to be handed a letter after we sat down, but fun and retro. Because really, how many letters do we get in these days of instant communication?  The tapas are divided on the non-anxiety producing menu (read: short and nicely printed) as "Frio" and "Caliente."  Muchas gracias for making it easy, Ms. Bernstein!  Our waiter patiently many of the tapas to us, making several recommendation.  We chose a nice variety, and here's what I recommend to you--in a BIG way:the bacon-wrappeed Medjool dates--a near-perfect marriage of sweet and soft/crunchy and salty.  There's a hint of blue cheese inside each date, just to give it some extra zing.  They will be appearing in little nostalgic thought ballons over my head at regular intervals until I can have them again.the crispy artichokes.  Not S's favorites, but I loved the tender little choked robed in a parmesan-y crust.  I could have eaten 10 more and if my lush tush was growing after THOSE, imagine the rapid growth spurt (yes, I said spurt) after the unbeievably delicious foie gras with pear marmalade on a layer of crispy quinoa.   Imagine a mouthful of the tenderest, sweetest fatty cream that just melted on you tongue.  I had to smoke a cigarette and take a nap after that tapa.The sweetbreads!  Yes, I know what they are.  And no, I'm not a big fan of Andrew Zimmern.  They were su-perb!  Light, airy, tender, tasty...and the orange and mandarin chutney on the side was fantastic: a mxture of tart, bitter, and sweet.  I'm going to try to replicate it at home, but don't think I'll succeed.We had to get to Corteo, so we couldn't stop for dessert, but we did manage to bolt another two mojitos and have a chat with one of the Galician waiters, who was very sweet and who told us the story of how the idea for the restaurant came about.    I should also add that music was played at a non-deafening level (THANK YOU!) and it was *good* music.  The ambiance was great, the light levels flattering, and the tables at a respectful distance from one anothr.  Next time we'll ask to be seated in the balcony area, so we can do some people watching while we linger over our drinks and tapas.Let me just say this in closing: I've been in Miami for five months now, and this has been hands-down the best overall dining experience I've had thus far.   I'm almost afraid to go back and be disappointed, but I don't think  I will be.  There's a solid foundation of expertise and good training backing up this restaurant, and long may it prosper!
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,10/9/2009,94,52,7,10,7>Keeping in mind that May was Burger Month and that my boss and friend Larry had been teasing me daily with pictures of burgers since May 1st, it was a no brainer when my office chose to celebrate his birthday at 8 oz. I cannot begin my review of the food before warning the ladies: please do not hang your purse from the back of your chair or you'll eat it and not in the yummy sense of the phrase.  Either place your purse on another chair or on your lap because those chairs are light. After the shock of seeing one of our women down, I felt like I needed a nice cold one... chocolate milkshake, that is! WOW! their milkshake should bring all the boys and girls to the yard...  it is so delicious! It was so thick that both straws stood straight up as they placed it on the table! It was like melted chocolate ice cream!!!! It is a definite must! It is more of a dessert than a drink to go with your meal, though, so if you are planning on splurging, calorie-wise, and have a spacious stomach, you MUST get it!! Being the foodies that we are, we also ordered almost every app on the menu: the deviled eggs with smoked paprika (eh), the mini-Kove corndog - which is the app winner!!! soooo good! One order comes with 4 small dogs but, let me tell you, they are to die! We also ordered the grilled marinated artichokes with the herbed aoli, which was ok, it's just that it's hard to eat because you can get a very hard leafy end which you can't bite and have to do like me, try to chew the rubbery leaf, swallow whole and just smile as it stays lodged in your throat... We tried the fried pickles which were tasty but really hot, temperature-wise so be careful taking your first bite, the Kennebec fries were very good (make sure you order the 8 oz. special sauce to dunk your fries in... SLAP YO MAMA GOOD!), the onion rings (which are the giant rings, which I love) and the truffled potato skins. I love potatoes and I adore truffles but I think they missed the mark on this app. The potatoes were too dry. Too bad because it sounds so good. I had decided to split the 8 oz burger and the short-rib sandwich with my fallen friend. The burger is the thing dreams are made of!!! It was fantastic! Small enough not be extremely full if you are not splitting it. The patty is a blend of sirloin, tri-tip, short-rib, and chuck. The best part is that you can add ingredients, which we did: cave-aged Gruyere (best cheese on a burger because it melts ever so great and is not greasy), fried tomato, house-cured bacon (of course, can't have a burger without the piggy strips) and spicy mayo, which comes on the side. The short-rib cheese sandwich is divine!!! The short-rib is perfectly cooked. The savory meat with the sweet onion marmalade and the melty Bel Paese cheese is a perfect combination topped by the crunch of the sour dough bread!! I need a moment...The service was quite slow considering there were a couple other patrons there besides us. Had to wait a while for my water refill.All in all, if you are looking for a great burger (best I've had in a while) and an amazing milkshake to go  with it, along with a very unpretentious yet hip ambiance, you need to run by 8 oz. Burger!
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2009,10/8/2009,62,126,5,6,6>OK, they have earned a five star rating, now that I have tried more services.  The hair students are great.  They are all graduating in August, so a few more months and you will pay them triple to do your hair.  I have not had mine cut or colored there, but have had it blown out straight...AWESOME!  My b/f had his cut and it came out great.  The spa and facials are still amazing and now I have purchased a package of facials, so if you try the place out, I am pretty sure you will see me there!  They start doing massages in Aug. and they have a nice selection of them to choose from...can't wait!  If you have been wanting to go, now is the time before the new students start :)Enjoy.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,10/7/2009,40,192,6,8,4>I've been going to Paquito's for over five years and it never disappoints.I prefer to go on weeknights or after 9:00pm on weekends to avoid the crowds. The food is a mix of some authentic Mexican dishes with a bit of Tex-Mex thrown in for good measure.The chairs are small torture devices, but the atmosphere and the very friendly waitstaff make the torture bearable. I'm not a fan of roving musicians in a restaurant and Paquito's has them on weekend nights.The food is great, the portions are a bit large but still within what's appropriate for an average human being.Their mole poblano needs a little stronger kick, but it's still tasty. Their tortilla soup is delicious. Their best dish, IMHO.
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2009,10/6/2009,113,143,5,6,5>I am now officially spoiled!!  What could be better than arriving on the opening night of Harry Potter and not having to wait at all in line to get into the theatre?  Wait, it gets better.  How about having a mojito and a burger while waiting for the movie to start.  But wait, how about if that mojito was really good and the burger (with cheddar cheese and roasted garlic) was DELICIOUS! That was my experience this past Wednesday at Cinebistro.  I had a good meal, a good drink, and watched a great movie on big, comfortable seats.  Not only that, but since you have to be 21 and older to come here, it avoids the screaming children and loud teenagers that have become so common at the "regular" theatre. My only quibble: They really should pick up the dinner plates and empty glasses so you don't have to smell the remnants of your cheeseburger and fries the entire 2 1/2 hours of the movie.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2009,10/5/2009,534,839,9,10,11>Oxtail is located to close to a cow's ass for a lot of people, I know. But the way it was prepared was exquisite. Braised, for what must have been weeks, not hours. How else could it be that tender, that flavorful, that f#$%^&* good? The cod fritters, little puffs that would just melt away in your mouth. Hell even the tomato paste for the free bread was great! The service was beyond excellent. I had to wait for my friend to arrive and they made sure I was comfortable, brought me my water, checked on me... all I while I was sitting on a couch, not at a bar or a table. We ate off the Miami Spice menu, so it all didn't cost to much either. But this place would be worth every penny even at full price.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2009,10/4/2009,31,161,3,8,5>I always thought Middle Eastern places stand or fall based on how good they can make a falafel. Based on that, Layali would have been a disappointment. Their falafels were overcooked with a slight burnt quality. But, the rest of the meal made up for that, with gorgeously seasoned and juicy lamb kebobs; chicken kebobs, which was a little tougher than the lamb, but the garlic butter helped you forget; and, the excellent sides of rice/vermicelli and pickled-type onions.I have to take one star off though - the meal started with some fried pita chips and eggplant dip. While we waited for the meal, we asked for some more and they wound up charging us for it! Not cool; but, otherwise, great ambiance, and look forward to trying it out for lunch - when prices are about half of dinner prices.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2009,10/3/2009,34,125,4,6,6>Ok, I'm going to have to admit that I'm a wine lush.  For whatever reason, my body has a hard time with beer lately (except for Guinness) which is good because it's made way for my wine obsession.It's hard to find a good wine bar.  I think a good wine bar should have personalized service (wine is a personal thing), a good selection and reasonable prices.Now, I'm pretty much a regular here.  You can find me here at least two Fridays a month, lately more.  So I know the staff, they know me, etc...  I do have minor complaints about this place but they're not really worth mentioning because they're so trivial and more than made up for in other areas.The selection is good.  The prices are good and then there's, Tal, who is really enthusiastic about his wine.  This means that if you show interest, he will spend lots of time with you (I've seen him do this with plenty of customers) and help you explore your palate.  THAT is the true mark of a good wine bar and something that is somewhat lacking at the wine machine, wine by the glass places.To boot, they have a decent beer selection and plenty of top shelf liquors, too.  The clientele is friendly and it's just a good place to hang out.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2008,10/2/2009,26,45,8,6,5>RB Cycles is directly across U.S. 1 from U.M., and caters to the oh-my-god-I-don't-have-a-car-how-am-I-going-to-­get-around-Miami crowd, which seems to me composed mostly of UM froshes.They seem to do a decent job at what they do.  I can't speak for repairs since I've never had them do any work for me, but the accessories selection is pretty good.  They seem pretty stuck on MSRPs, which is disconcerting since the LBS markup is often 30% and higher.  A convenient bicycle store to drop in and pick up a few things.  I'm not sure I'd try to generate a long-term relationship with this place, since they don't seem to have a good selection of high-end gear.FG people: you might find a Langster in here.  People at the Starbucks next door will gawk at your bike's lack of brakes and gears; be sure not to carry around an empty cup, lest someone drop a nickel in it out of pity for you and your apparently lacking ride.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,7/29/2010,154,154,9,9,7>Where to start... I guess when walking in. this is a French place and it gives you the feel like it could be in France somewhere. Lots of mirrors, gold decor and mid level lighting. A very friendly host stand to escort you to your (reservation preferred, sometimes required) table.  Tables are large and set mostly with 4 very nicely upholstered chairs. Some 2 seaters are by the window that is overlooking the (South Florida's largest) pool. Drapes by the windows, waiters with authentic French accents. What I really like about this place is that the staff remains ion board... this is a good thing when dealing with people who remember you even if you have not been there for a few month. Portions are small, expensive and delicious. We have gone a few times and have never been disappointed. The menu usually lists a selection of small dishes that then compile to a full meal at the end. Order 4, 5 or 6 plates. My favorite is the wine pairing. The sommelier really know his stuff and the selection of the house makes up the rest. Pure taste orgasm!If you make it here, suck up the price tag and indulge in one of Miami's Finest! Service, style and cuisine...PS: The best day to go must be Bastille Day, the French Independence day...figure out the date on your own and do not reserve my table!
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,7/28/2010,244,213,6,8,8>I go here often and I don't know why I haven't written a review. Hidden in the atrium office building, is a little nook of a cranny. It's a gem waiting to be discovered. Sure you might think it's only sandwiches, paninis, wraps and salads but it's just so much more than that. They have breakfast and desert too! I found this place because I work 1 minute away from it on foot. They not only deliver when it's raining but when you just want to get out of the office it's a place away from work ;)My favorites on their menu is the L'Express Salad - Romaine, White Albacore Tuna Salad, Artichokes, Cucumbers, Boiled Egg, Sundry tomato with a dressing that I can't even explain to you. (You'll have to go to try it yourself). The Tuna Sandwiches are also very good. Almost anything you try here is very DELISH! I have tried their Brie & Apple Quesadilla (slices of apple, brie cheese, cheddar cheese, with red pepper flakes), if you like a little spice to your bite this is the way to go.Today I had their special - Vegi wrap with chips and a drink just for 8 bucks. You can't beat their specials and even their regular menu is outstanding in price, amount of food you get, freshness and more. The people are all very nice and the place is very cute inside. You can even eat "out side". The inside of the building is sort of outside but covered, and indoor outdoor feel, very cool!I continue coming back for more, especially when you want something healthy and light to eat. The price helps too :) If you are ever in the area, let me know maybe we can meet for lunch sometime.xokristin nicole
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,7/27/2010,620,350,6,16,11>I visited the Spa at the Icon on Valentine's Day and was nothing short of impressed.The giant moat in the main pool area includes a couple of jacuzzis, an ice cold water area and plenty of seating overlooking Downtown Miami.The steam room is not co-ed, so both ladies and men have their own area with lockers, showers, any bath accessories you might need (razors, hair dryer, q-tips, etc., etc.)They also have a bar near the pool area where you can order alcoholic drinks or have complimentary tea. On V-Day they had complimentary champagne, which was really nice.I had a facial done here, and it was one of the best ones I've had to date. The woman was very knowledgeable, I only wish she would tell me exactly what she was doing step-by-step since I'm new to the whole facial thing.My skin looked great, and the ambiance really lends itself to some hardcore chilling afterward. You can even deviate away from the spa and go to the outside area if the weather is nice where you've got plenty of large couches overlooking Downtown.I'm looking forward to coming again soon once its a bit warmer out. That infinity pool outside looks insane. Even the 2nd larger pool is actually an over-sized jacuzzi.Good to know:* Valet is $7-$8. I had mentioned I was going to the spa, but I'm not sure if that changed the rate.* No worries if you forget your sandals. They've got some Habainas in your locker waiting for you. Ladies, if you're over a size 7, they might be too small.* The staff is very friendly and will give you a quick tour upon your arrival.* 18% gratuity is included on all services.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,7/26/2010,352,828,4,9,8>If you are not a lover of high quality imported and domestic cheese at premium prices, you might consider the Cheese Course for take out or catered lunch for your office.I ordered two orders of their Quiche lunch meals for take out. Each came individually wrapped in a plastic container and included a small round hot piece of Quiche (Ham and Swiss Cheese or Broccoli, Mushroom and Guyere cheese) with some fresh fruit (grapes, strawberries and oranges), a dipping sauce (honey mustard/wine or something like that) and a piece of french bread. It was the perfect amount, almost too much food (see my pix!)They have two types of fresh baked French Bread, white and wheat. Each was very fresh and lasted less than 24 hours which wasn't really an issue. They have a very large selection of cheeses what appeared to me like as premium prices. Since cheese isn't really my area, I decided to wait for the W to buy any. There is metered parking in front. If you have Verrus Pay By Phone, you can feed the meter with your cell phone. You can also park at the Midtown garage (first hour is free) and walk across the dog park.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,7/25/2010,223,72,6,10,10>This little section of Lincoln Lane keeps getting better with Tacontento being the newest arrival. Bright and colorful, the decor eschews the dominant South Beach white on white aesthetic for something distinctly casual and festive. Rawhide stools, punched-tin lanterns, and even the coil-bound menus add to the the authentic experience. The food is all super-fresh and it's a great place to share multiple entrees. I had the guacamole which was simple and flavorful, and the tacos al pastor which were tender and tasty. With your tacos they bring out a board of ramekins with different salsa, pico de gallo, cilantro and limes so you can dress them to you liking.I enjoyed the margaritas but the sangria was a bit sweet for my taste. There is a great open air bar that faces the patio but the stools aren't high enough to comfortably sit and enjoy your drink. I hope they'll replace those quickly.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,7/24/2010,122,89,8,11,11>I have always wanted to go to a sushi bar that had stream of boats offering some delicious sushi. Thank you B for bringing us. We came here after a long day in the park. It was super hot and sushi sounded so refreshing. I ordered some ramen noodles with veggies and was planning on getting a piece or two of sushi. With all those sushi filled boats floating by, I couldn't help myself and grabbed more than just a couple of plates. The staff there is very friendly. The sushi chefs were working away trying replenish the empty boats as quickly as possible. The prices are decent. The plates on the boats are color coordinated for the prices. They range from about $2-$5. You can go a long way with a little bit of money here.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,7/23/2010,749,521,17,20,21>Last couple of times I got my hair cut was at a Hair Cuttery and that was fine.  I was not ready for a big change at that time and was growing it out for a special cut and just needed a trim.  I was waiting to find someone who would know what I needed and who I felt comfortable with.  My hair was such a frizzy wavy, bushy overcoloured hot mess that the total of my hairstyling abilities amounted to scrunching the dried up scruff into a makeshift bun or pony tail which did my face no favours.Enter Jim. I met Jim socially a few months ago through a friend at work.  He's a foodie!!!  We clicked. A couple of times I've tried to schedule an appointment with Jim but with kids its tough to make time for yourself.  So finally, after confirming to myself that I was going to be down south for the Mustache Pub Crawl, I went ahead and made an appointment with Jim.I arrived almost an HOUR late because of shitty traffic but he was super cool about it.  I felt bad because the lady doing the shampoo's had been waiting for me.  In any event, he sat me down and had a look and asked me what I wanted.  "I want to look like Megan Fox in Transformers"....that's what my mind was saying, but getting past that and onto real life I said "I gotta get up for work and get my kids ready for school and get out the door, I don't have time for hair".   "I want it short and a little bit sassy, would bangs look good on a fat face".  "I'll give you bangs but not short ones".  Great wash with a good scalp massage and nice pressure from the water (and great smelling products) and I'm back in the chair with Jim.Snip snip snip..."did you see that show on Food Network the other night?...the one where.....".OMG have you tried this recipe".  You have entered the gourmet zone when you start talking food with Jim.  The time FLEW in talking about food, wine, restaurants. About 45 minutes later and with six inches of hair on the floor I am super transformed. "Look! you can flip it this way, that way, tease it, straighten it".  In about I would say 10 years never has my hair been so well cut and EXACTLY what I want.  Versatile, simple to manage and just so darned CUTE.oh....and I had to wash it this morning on account of a late night of dancing and after air drying it popped back to the shape and style it was after it was cut!!!  To me THAT is the sign of an excellent haircut.  No salon styling was necessary.Curl Up N'Dye is hidden in a tall glass office building across from Larkin Hospital on SW 62nd Street.  I blew past it twice.  There is no signage on front.  It also has two manicure stations but my review is exclusive to Jim....my new hero.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,7/22/2010,163,84,6,10,9>Everything that you have read about this place is true. It is as awesome as people describe. I had been meaning to check it out for a long time and finally decided to do so last week. Wendy from NAOE recommended it to me, so I figured I should probably listen to her.  The market will now be in my lunch rotation. The prices are very reasonable and the fish is amazingly fresh. I sat at the bar and ordered a deluxe combo, which included 8 pieces of sushi along with a tuna roll or california roll (your choice). I also had the option of uni or ikura. I also ordered a crunchy shrimp roll which was absolutely delicious. The unagi melted in your mouth oooh sooo good. I love me some unagi. The other fish were just as good the tuna, salmon, etc. I also could see the Chef's expressions as I enjoyed my food and it was nothing but smiles.For my next trip I want to try some toro, a spicy tuna roll and more crunchy shrimp rolls! I can't wait to go back hopefully sooner than later. They also have an assortment of sakes and Japanese drinks. There were a few that looked good, but I went with some Calpico. All in all a hidden place for sushi lovers to do just that - enjoy sushi.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2010,7/21/2010,126,91,6,7,5>I've been cycling for the past few months and the Rickenbacker Causeway and Key Biscayne trip is what I do when I want to get lost for a few hours and take a nice long bike ride. However, it's probably the stupidest and most dangerous thing I could do all week. Why you may ask? As Boromir told little Frodo, "One does not simply bike into Key Biscayne"On a typical afternoon ride, you will find-Lots of people on bicycles- All cars going 45+ miles an hour - Some cars going 65+It's simply not safe, but it's all I got unfortunately in this townIt's unbelievable how fast some of these cars go. You really have to wonder why, the view from the top of Rickenbacker are some of the most beautiful views in all of Miami. So Rickenbacker, I will continue coming because I have no other choice. But also because I want to encourage the city to put more bike paths in streets. If we don't use them, we lose them. There is no where else in Miami where I can work on my "hill legs" over on the bridge to Key Biscayne, aka Miami Mountain.
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,7/20/2010,156,245,8,9,11>I finally decided to take the plunge and suck up the $$ for the keratin treatment last Friday.  I'm SO glad I did my research and SO glad this place was highly recommended because I had amazing results.  Prices are comparable and because I haven't had a hair cut in ages, I had saved in anticipation of spending an arm and a leg.   Thankfully I've still got both limbs!I decided to wait until after my first wash to write the review so I could give full details! :)The place itself is SUPER cute and trendy.  I love the cds on the floor, original artwork on the walls and the unique mirrors.  It was a bit hard to find with the GPS, but the girl who gave me directions over the phone was very friendly!  (as was everyone in there!)  Carolyn cheerfully greeted me and asked what I wanted to do with my hair.  I mentioned going short b/c that is the most manageable for me + the keratin.  She suggested NOT going short - especially b/c of the summer.  I've always wanted a hair stylist who gave their own opinion so I gave caution to the wind and said do whatever you want!  Thankfully she didn't get too crazy and added some bangs (free bang trims!), and some nice layers.  She was very informative and made sure I understood proper care and treatment w/ the keratin.  She gave me her cell phone number if I had any questions (which I did!) and was just a genuinely nice person.The keratin treatment itself took a couple of hours - but most of the time it is spent waiting with the stuff on your head.  (it's not painless either; I was almost concerned my head was on fire but no worries that's why they have tequila,  haha!)  Thankfully they've got bumpin music and good reads to occupy your time.  This place is super relaxed, chill and trendy - all that I was looking for in a hair studio and more!  P.S. Todd was on his way to do Courtney Love's hair that night...
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2009,4/23/2010,75,268,6,7,6>This place is hilarious.....even before you walk thru the door, you already feel like you're in a totally different place.  If you go on the weekend and it's kinda late afternoon, early evening...prepare to wait.  You make a line outside (lol) and they have their "host" who's probably been working there for as long as the place has been open, asking you how many in your party and he chats with everyone and tells you about his girlfriend....Once you are inside, it's wonderful....they bring you water and a bowl of popcorn to keep you busy while one of the girls comes to take your order.  Make sure that, when you go for ice cream, DON'T have dinner before, you will NOT be able to eat it all...the portions are HUGE and the ice cream is delish....you'll want to eat it all....they have tons of different flavors, tons of toppings and they will make any combination you want....as long as they have the options, you get your wish.Like Gina's previous review, it's a wonderful place to take out of towners and that gives you the perfect excuse to go again and again.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,4/22/2010,194,773,9,13,9>As I was asking what everything in the sweets case was, the associate behind the counter made a comment, "Argentinians REALLY like caramel."  I don't know how much truth there is to that comment, but I know that I love caramel and that is all that really mattered since just about everything in the case had caramel in it.  I finally settled on the following items:Strawberry TartChocolate mousseVanilla cookies with Dulce de Leche covered in chocolateVanilla cookie half covered in chocolateEven though I only had cookies and sweets here, there is a fairly large wine selection that you can partake in -- by glass or by bottle.  The guy behind me in line was on his sixth bottle and had been there for 4 hours already.  He did not need to tell me this as his diction and stance were more than enough to prove that he had taken in too much.  We ate the strawberry tart and the chocolate mousse on site and decided to take the cookies away with us.The tart and the mousse were both good.  Neither of them was too sweet (which is good by me) and the strawberries were fresher than most.  I will most likely try something new before trying these two items again.  The cookies are a different story.  I couldn't wait.  I wanted the cookie with the caramel right away.  I rather enjoyed the cookie sandwich with chocolate and dulce de leche.  Like the tart and the mousse, neither of the cookies were very sweet.  They were good on their own merits -- tasting like a good cookie.  I will definitely be returning here.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,4/21/2010,374,258,6,14,10>Bardot is the sexiest place I've been to in Miami, hands down.I discovered this place thanks to the Pisco Bus and all its goodness.Walk into Bardot, and you will feel a sort of transformation.  Or maybe like you've stepped into some sort of portal. I don't know. But there's something about it that makes you... well.  You'll find out when you go there.  The music in here is amazing. The artwork on the walls is as hot as it gets, and the bar has a tasty (yet expensive) signature cocktail called the Honey Mule.  I guess if you're going to blow your money here, it's best to order this delicious concoction served in a copper mug.  All these things make for one happenin' place, but my favorite thing about it is the band setup.  When there's no live music, they still have an entire musicians' playground out for all to taste, hear, and touch. The inner musician in me feels right at home. Anyone can dabble on the drums, strum a few chords on the guitar, or caress the black and white ivories.  There's also an assortment of percussion instruments for even those who consider themselves musically challenged to enjoy.  My only complaints are that the drinks are ridiculously priced, and that  I have to shower about 37,000 times after I go there to get the cigarette smoke out of my hair. And yes, this place has gotten too big too quickly, their service reflects it.  Maybe they'll step it up a notch and I'll update them to 5 stars.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2010,4/20/2010,196,289,5,9,12>I don't know how I'm going to avoid having wine and cheese for dinner every night now that I've been here.  I felt like I lived in Europe because I was able to go to a small store to select fresh cheeses and bread and walk out with it neatly packaged in a brown paper bag.Came in 4 minutes before they closed and I was afraid I would get nonchalant brisk service.  I found someone that worked there and told her to explain how the place "works" if you just want to take something to go.You can totally order a cheese course from their menu and they'll pack up how many cheeses you choose with the accompaniments for you.  Or you can buy cheese a la carte.  But OH SO MANY TO CHOOSE FROM!!Tracey the manager found me browsing and helped me select cheeses once I figured out what I was craving.  Not sure about which goat cheese you want?  Not a problem, Tracey sliced up some samples for me.  They have everything there you need -- freshly baked baguettes, cranberry relish, etc to go with your cheeses.  The wine selection was pretty decent as well.  A lot of them I've never tried, but that's not a problem either because they have open bottles for you to taste the wine!The cheeses I selected were fresh and heavenly.  The baguette was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.  Divine!  The service was impeccable.  I plan to come back soon and on a regular basis. Next time, I'll order one of their big cheese plates and split with a friend!!!
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,4/19/2010,165,258,26,16,16>I'm going to share something personal with you, so please let's keep it between us:  My feet become hooves.  I have a feeling that, like in a fairy tale, whilst I was a babe in the cradle, some evil sorceress placed a curse upon me.  "He shall love to wear sandals, and flip flops, and such, but his feet will be callused...unpleasant to touch."  Well, something like that.  It's a cruel irony, but being a Piscean, I do hold stress in my feet AND love to show them off.  No amount of home treatment can help.  Eeesh!  With that all said, I've obviously gotten pedicures before.  After all, they have the professional power tools, creams, and salves to work on these dogs.  Usually, I walk out somewhat happy with the results.  However, this time, as a result of the dedication and magic spell of Paulina (sp?) I walked out with new feet.  She worked.  She sweat.  She toiled.  She turned hooves into feet!  Seriously!  I had the sugar scrub pedicure with callus remover treatment for a total of $50 plus tip, and am now walking around in public with actual human feet.  Any salon that can make magic happen is one for me.  A few other adds:  Everyone was so friendly.  I was offered espresso during the transformation.  The walls are lined with high-end products.  And to top it all off, it's only a short walk from my place.  Oh, and their website lets you make online appointments.  Very sweet.So, thank you Salon Gilbert for bringing my tale of cursed woe to a happy ending.  Because of you I can now put a good 'foot' forward.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,4/18/2010,77,119,6,6,7>How often can you have a Screaming Orgasm, 69, and a 3-some (Roll) all in one night? Apparently, all the time if you come to Sushi Ko. No wonder I lost my sushi virginity here more than 15 years ago. You might be thinking Chef Yuki's got a dirty mind, but his sushi creations are out of this world. Any specialty roll is always fresh both on the fish and sauce side. If you like ginger dressing, you have to try Sushi Ko's salad. I rarely recommend salad, but it's just that good. There is no comparison. The lunch specials are plentiful and you actually leave completely happy without having to order roll after roll or spending a fortune. It's never empty and you'll always find Chef Yuki somewhere in the restaurant. Knowing that the owner is there usually guarantees satisfaction. Don't stop at rolls and treat yourself to the tempura ice cream. It's the just the right amount of ingredients- fried ice cream and pound cake. It isn't fancy, but it's probably what your looking for if you like sushi. After 15 years of patronage, Sushi Ko has never disappointed me.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,4/17/2010,337,332,5,7,9>Purdy Lounge:Through the years, you have consistently provided me with great times and many fun-filled memories. As we lovingly refer to you "Durty Purdy" you have managed to remain a great local spot for dancing and getting together. As a regular patron for over 7 years, you have provided me with the perfect location for bachelorette parties, weekend outings, birthdays, Halloween nights, High school reunions, after the party parties, and the list goes on. Your bar staff, always on point. Your drinks, always cheap. The cheapest around South beach I may add. The music and DJ, great! Always a mix of old school flavor mixed with latest music. A little bit of everything for everyone. One thing I can always count on is that your doors are open for a good time.  A little bit of remodeling may be over due, as well as your cooling. A.C. sometimes breaks and it is sweltering in there.  But this is the charisma which adds to the funk that is Purdy Lounge.You have seen me grow up throughout my twenties and I owe many a goodnights to you. As I embark into my thirties, I know I will continue to frequent.  Keep up the good vibe for another decade of my life.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2009,4/15/2010,904,1293,13,18,16>Love this costume shop!  They have great prices, and a great selection.  I mostly come here for wigs and masks, there is always some costume party going on somewhere!  I once purchased the most amazing wire filigree mask, everyone was complimenting me on it, and it only cost $20 - they also have a large amount of accessories for costumes too, swords and the like.It gets pretty crazy around Halloween, but they still manage to give great service.   They also have a HUGE selection of costumes, also you can try them on which is a plus.  Some places do not let you!Forget those seasonal Halloween shops, this is the place to go!
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2009,4/14/2010,34,115,5,8,7>Loved, loved, loved The River.  Although we are getting better, it's a fascinating truth that getting quality fresh seafood (as in off-the-boat, not as in never been frozen and smells like you're a douche who doesn't know better) is difficult to come by in Miami. This place is one of those that bucks that trend. The food here is fantastic.  They offer relatively contemporary presentations with some surprising flavor combinations.   For starters, we had a selection of oysters which were incredibly fresh, the east coast ones tasting more "oceany" and the west coast ones sweeter.  We also tried the tuna tartar, snapper tartar and flatbread.  All were great, again, with a bit of surprise to your first bite.  The tomatoes in the flatbread had this great smoky flavor and the plantain chips served with the tuna were homemade.  For entrees we enjoyed crab cakes, the whole yellowtail and stuffed pork chop.  Crab cakes were well made (lump meat, a must) and served with a wonderful sauce.  My yellowtail was excellent, crisp exterior, moist interior, melting in my mouth the rest of the time.  It was served with a wilted coconut spinach (excellent) and rice and peas.  I only wish I got more punch from the scotch bonnet vinaigrette.  Pork was beautiful, stuffed with maduros and served with a side of this hybrid black and baked beans (again, excellent).  We saved some of the plantain chips and used them to dive into those beans.Desserts were way high and way low.  Mrs. C grumbled upon receiving her macadamia nut sundae, which she has raved about since we started dating, because (a) the bananas weren't fried, (b) the cherries were weird and (c) the whole thing sort of fell into the Gross category.  Opt for the pecan tart instead.  It's one of those Holy S- desserts.  Our server even almost back flipped when we asked for one of those as well.  Service, btw was A+.  The server was knowledgeable about the food, the oysters, the wine list (a very nice list at that with quite enough options in the $30 range).  He was on top of the water and all our needs and just gave us the slightest hint of a smile throughout, which is far nicer than having a grinning buffoon never breaking character.  Prices, for a very nice meal, are fair, with the whole snapper going for $27, the pork chop for $22, apps $12-$15 and oysters a bit higher at $2.25 + each.4.5 stars
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,4/13/2010,473,460,9,13,11>I've been to Hookah Lounge on many occasions with groups of friends and it never lets me down. It's a small place but it has plenty of ambiance and a great selection of tobacco for you to put in your hookah. What's really great about this place is they allow you to go to the Food Spot next door to buy drinks and bring them over or you can go to the Power Pizza and bring over a pie so you have food and drinks with your friends while you enjoy a nice hookah. Every time I have been there it has always been a great experience. On my most recent visit I actually decided to purchase a hookah of my own and they set me up with everything I need and even showed me how to set it up and gave me pointers. Hookah Lounge is an awesome spot to chill with a group of friends and I highly recommend it!
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,7/14/2012,68,218,7,10,7>I drive by this place almost every day and I've been meaning to check it out since it opened. Finally I did.Not all spin-offs are as successful as the original and many are not successful at all. Take Joey from Friends, After M*A*S*H or Joanie loves Chachi, all awful spin-offs of very successful shows. Then there are The Simpsons, Frasier, and now the Latin House Grill. A spin-off of the original food truck, this is probably the best new restaurant in the Kendall area.As soon as I entered the place I liked it. The decor is very modern and I'm a sucker for uncovered roof, exposed air ducts and hanging light bulbs. Makes me feel like I'm hanging out in a loft in midtown Manhattan. The place was a little busy but we were seated within 5 minutes. The menu is intense. Not large but full of great choices. Everything looked delicious. Also the beer selection is pretty good. We started with the Carne con queso. Spicy but not overly, creamy, and with a subtle hint of lime, it was delicious and the tri-colored tortilla chips were a nice touch.  As entrees I had the Chimi-Burrito with carne asada, a pile of deliciously season rice, tons of carne asada, lathered on crema mexicana, guacamole and cheese all wrapped up in a corn tortilla and the......(drum roll).... flash fried. OH MY FREAKING GOODNESS!!! First of all, the thing is huge (I know....THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID). I saved half for lunch next day plus you need space for desert, believe; you want dessert. The burrito is delicious, and the flash fry makes the tortilla crisp to the bite but dissolves in your mouth. I have never tried a burrito like this but from now on my burritos must be flash fried. My girlfriend had the Grilled Flatton with rib-eye. The tenderness of the meat, the taste, and boy that avocado-lime sauce is incredible. For dessert we had the Balls to the Wall with Ice cream, of course. Two perfectly round balls of sugary fried dough filled with a mixture of chocolate and condensed milk, with a ball of creamy vanilla ice cream all surrounded by more condensed milk, now that is a way to finish the meal.Now here is the one negative thing and I have to talk about it because a lot of reviewers seemed to have had the same issue. SERVICE!!! Eventhough our server was very helpful and took our order pretty quick, our drinks and our appetizer came out pretty quick, our dinner took a bit long. It could have been a kitchen problem because around that time started to get busy but our server did not help much. He was a bit slow and at times he look like a chicken running with his head cut off. Even the group next to us asked us if our food had taken too long. I do like the fact that the owners came around a few times but please understand that good food is only going to take so far. Eventually the service must be improved. Especially when so many people seemed to agree. This still a great place even with the spotty service. My suggestion is, be patient.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,7/13/2012,298,503,13,15,14>Three words: COCA COLA RIBSIt "almost" makes me fall into deep depression that this time next week I will once again be a vegetarian. One of the most delicious things I have ever put in my mouth. Let me rewind for a second. Arrived on time for a 9:30pm reservation (after a Yelp event!). Got seated right away. (LADIES PLEASE NOTE: the floor levels in this restaurant are all over the place. There is an initial dip when you first enter and just like that one there are others that go up and down randomly. They have several rugs to prevent falls but it's still a little dangerous. Watch it if you are wearing heels!)I have to say, it looks a little average. Vanilla if you will. Minimal decor but not the modern kind. Maybe it would look better if the lights were dimmed a little more? I thought the 6-7 tables I was looking at was it. I then realized there is another room hidden behind a large wall. The layout was weird. There was a large party seated so they moved all the tables to one side leaving a huge gap in the center without any tables. You could not help but see and feel the big void.Our waiter came by promptly and was very nice and knowledgeable. This is where the fun began. We ordered fish tacos and their brie to start. The tacos were good enough that I would have easily (and happily) had a dozen of them! The brie, although a little cold, was great as well. House bread was served warm (as I love) and was good too. We shared a bottle of wine which we brought. Only a $15.00 corkage fee which is really great.  My husband ordered the lamb neck and I ordered the Coca Cola BBQ Ribs. D-E-L-I-S-H! The portions were absolutely perfect but I could have had more. Yes, I was hungry OK? but it was also THAT good! the ribs come topped with onion rings and the meat just falls off the bone. I am STILL thinking about them. (and not because I am on a diet this week...well, maybe a little)We loved our waiter. Service was consistently good throughout. We skipped coffee this time but for dessert we tried their chocolate cake and peanut butter ice cream. As a dessert snob I have to say that I approve! It was all very good.Although the decor and ambiance left a little to be desired, the food won us over and I am sure we will be back often.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,7/12/2012,698,2029,30,16,16>I'm sure you've heard of that certain 1% that the Occupy Movement keeps mentioning? Well, if you have and have wondered where they hang out and where they do their shopping look no further than Bal Harbour Shops. It's a place, however, for those of us in the 99%, even if not shopping and even if there isn't anything needed or can't otherwise afford to buy, that is a totally splendid, beautiful mall unlike any other and definitely worth a peek. Unlike other malls, this is one in which you are going to have to pay to park, the parking attendants are dressed as Bahamian Guards, polite, well mannered and with a tour guide knowledge of the stores that make up the mall.It's a unique area not only to stroll, but to people watch. Here are a few events that happened, that I saw or eves dropped upon that one generally wouldn't see or wouldn't take place elsewhere.1. My friend spotted a lovely shirt in with some other shirts all marked as being "On Sale." So, he decided to buy it, took it to the check out register only to be told that the shirt was $600, which had been marked down from its regular price of $900. Since he had misread the zeros thinking that it was $60 marked down from $90 he got a red blush on his face, quietly returning it in hopes that no one would take note of his financial embarrassment. 2. An elderly geezer with a trophy wife or girl friend purchasing a set of "His & Her" matching wrist watches and having no problem with and not even attempting to negotiate the $48,000 price tag.3. A champagne sipping more than middle aged cougar handing a twenty something year old a credit card or whatever, telling him to go buy her something beautiful and to pick himself up something while he was at it, then pick up the car and meet her at the valet area in two hours. Since there aren't any malls known to me to be comparable to Bal Harbour Shops and since it is so unique, five stars.ADDENDUM: OK, since several fellow Yelpites have asked what I was doing there, fact is I went there in hopes of being scooped up by a generous cougar. However, that having failed, I plan to return in drag, disguised as a Miami trophy girl. Shhhhh! Don't tell.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,7/11/2012,83,56,4,9,6>What a gem.I have lived in Miami most of my life and have driven by this theater numerous times but never came to see a movie here, until tonight.The classic entrance of this theater with one ticket both makes you feel that you were transported to the 1940s.   The theater is nice and clean. The concessions are super cheap! $1 for a can of soda. $2.50 for pop-corn. $1-$2 for candy.  They don't have much more than those basics but it is refreshing to pay normal prices for a change.The seats are typical classic movie theater seats. It's not stadium seating. Although the screen is high (at least in theater 2) so you need to look slightly up to watch the movie.   There aren't many seats in the room, which gives it a cozy "watching a movie with friends" feeling.The theater is in a nice area of 8th street and is walking distance from several restaurants, art galleries, and an ice cream shop.  They are owned by Miami-Dade College and mostly play Indie films, so you won't catch a summer blockbuster here.I will definitely come here again to watch another flick.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,7/10/2012,415,166,16,20,15>I  had long given up my quest for delicious Mexican food in Miami. And I mean Mexican food- not Tex-Mex, not Taco Bell..not sour cream and lettuce on ground beef...MEXICAN. FRIJOLES. QUESO BLANCO. REAL TORTILLAS.My search ended abruptly upon discovering this corner spot, off on US1 and sunset ( and yes, right next to BT's- this shall be a point of reference) on a Saturday afternoon. Walking into the bright, but small restaurant, I was a bit worried about the lack of clientele there. Oh but my worries were put to rest and fast!I've gone back a few times since then, and I always start with the same thing : queso fundido. Don't want chorizo in it? The mushroom is just as good, if not better. And they don't serve this with any regular ol' tortilla chips, oh no- you get these small, warm, fresh corn tortillas, to make these little mini queso tacos with as you wait. I could stretch that cheese on that tortilla for hours. HOURS.My staples are normally the shrimp tacos and the carnitas. They're presented perfectly in corn tortillas,with just onion, cilantro..and that's pretty much it. That's all they need!I recently discovered their molcajete- which is an huge bowl of shrimp..stew is the best I can describe it, with queso fundido melted into it and a slew of veggies. You sop it all up with tortillas...it is glorious!There are plenty of places in Miami that claim to make tacos, or some sort of bastardized version of a burrito, enchilada or what have you. Forget all you ever knew about Mexican in Miami and head over to Chef Z's spot. You won't regret one bite!
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,7/9/2012,326,97,15,21,18>Yelp.Real people. Real reviews.So let's get REAL.I can't coordinate an outfit to save my life -- true story.This is especially sad in light of the fact that I have a full on, out of control, god-help-you-if-you're-blocking-the-mall's-­entrance-because-I-will-stab-you-in-your-colon-­with-the-blunt-edge-of-my-Visa, obsession with shopping.I don't understand how something like this happens.  And it's an utter failure for a female. Disastrous even. An absolutely unmentionable character flaw.Well, unti now I guess..'cause, well...we're being real, right?My M.O. is to find special...shops. Boutiques, stores, sanctuaries of fabric-laden bliss who employ secret weapons...The in-house, gratis, stylist. (You were hoping it was an automated mimosa dispenser too, huh?)Enter, Cristi's Closet.Most of the reviews here will break down the basics for you...yes, it's a veritable treasure trove of high-end designer consignment goodies with a strikingly tasteful mix of regular retail pieces.  Yes, the items are carefully curated. Yes, the accessories are too-die, so to speak.  And the prices?  Ridiculously affordable.But I come for the styling, ladies.I literally spent close to 3 hours here one afternoon taking it OOOOLD SCHOOL playing "dress-up" with Elana (one of the aforementioned employees/stylist).  We mixed and matched and modeled...grabbing a scarf from a rack, a bangle from a display and dress from the window..again, and again, and...well, the amount of "agains" it takes to fill 3 hours.Into the first hour I had to level with her and tell her I couldn't possibly purchase the 25,000 outfits I had already tried on.  No matter...she shooed my concern away and she continued to style.  Purple pants with a turquoise top...yes.  Leopard  print bejeweled cardigan??  With the right pairing of items, totally works.  And on and on it went...I stopped by twice more after that first visit and had the same magical personalized experience with Elana and the store's owner Tiki.  One day, Elana even called to give me a heads up on a lovely pair of Tory Burch sandals that had just come into the store in my size...and at the right price!  HELLO!!  Every woman needs this in their life (well...as soon as the credit card balance is paid down...details, details).You can put items on layaway should you go crazed with visions of yourself in outfit after outfit of loveliness.  But the really wonderful thing here?  Proceeds from the store go to benefit several non-profits, including The Children's Bereavement Center.  After her sister Cristi's passing, Tiki opened up this little shop of wonders in her honor and donates income to organizations that help others cope with similar tragedies.Shopping with the help of a friendly, fashionable eye and a helluva lot of heart...I'm forever a fan of Cristi's Closet.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,7/8/2012,1381,665,8,17,12>Dear Holistic Primary Care,Wow, am I glad I won an excuse to get to know you!!  A couple of months ago, I won a gift certificate for an intake evaluation exam and had almost forgotten completely about it.  But just last Monday, I grabbed the envelope and took it with me to work.  Luckily I did because it was going to expire a week later.  This gave me the push I needed to finally make an appointment and see what you were all about.I went in a couple days ago and still feel this sense of relaxation I have not had in a long time.  The first time I went was only about 2 weeks ago, so in just 2 sessions, I am already feeling like a different person!  So for that, I will give a special Thank You shout-out to Dorothy, who's the doctor I work with.  :)On the initial visit, I was first asked to fill out paperwork, medical history questionnaires, demographics, etc., which is standard for any kind of doctor office- holistic or western.  Your office is clean and organized, and feels very much like being at home, warm and inviting.  It's a small office and only 2 doctors.  There's Dorothy, who concentrates on the acupuncture medicine and treatments, Donald, who specializes in Sports Injuries/Medicine, and even Gracie, your office mascot: a beautiful, large, black dog that is sweet as pie and just chills on the floor.  I liked that Dorothy took time to talk to me after reviewing all of the paperwork, asking questions and analyzing so that we could determine what to work on first and what goals I want to accomplish with treatment.  Next, came the fun part - the acupuncture needles!  There are a couple different therapy rooms, and the one I have been to is a nice, light blue color, which is very relaxing, and has nice low-lighting and a radio playing nice "spa"-type music (nature sounds, relaxing melodies, etc.).  I laid down on the bed and she just looked over me and then would put in the needles ever-so-effortlessly, wherever she felt she needed to activate a point.  Before I knew it, I was a semi-porcupine and she left me alone to relax and enjoy the music and the quiet time.  As a side note:  The office is located within a Condo building in South Beach, so every once in a while I would hear construction noises or water flushing through the pipes, but it actually didn't bother me.  The music was at a good level where those other background noises were barely noticeable.After about 20 or so minutes (maybe longer?  I was half asleep and lost track of time) Dorothy quietly came back in and turned on one of the soft lights; then she proceeded to remove the needles from their various locations.  We then discussed some different supplements and Chinese herbs and she gave me a couple samples to try, and I bought some other items as well.I bought a package of sessions, which I found to be reasonably priced (each session costs the same as what I would pay a Specialist under my health/medical insurance plan), and have already used 1.  Looking forward to returning next week!  I am definitely feeling better and seeing the different results of goals we are trying to achieve.See you very soon!  Thanks for the positive changes.Happy & Relaxed,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,7/7/2012,415,333,8,13,8>GREAT experience!  Korean BBQ - a feast of favorites, all-you-can-eat ($22): green salad with sesame dressing, scallion salad, a hearty and delicious Miso stew, Banchan (8 types, notably the black beans soaked in a sweet sesame glaze), and 4 types of grilled meats (beef, pork, chicken, and pork belly) served sizzling hot and nicely seasoned to mouthwatering perfection. A former vegetarian, I must admit I munched out on the pork belly ... Our favorite of the four meats was the beef; however, we did not upgrade to try the ribs (+$5) on this visit. Also on the side:  white rice, lettuce for wrapping it up, and two dipping sauces. Push button service brings a smile your yelping face every time. Yes, push a button and your waitress comes to your table to note your next round of requests. My party of two only made it through one round of servings; however I couldn't help myself - they were so good - that I pushed that button and indulged in two additional servings of the sweet and salty black beans favorited above. Overall a welcoming, international foodie experience that we will definitely revisit to sample the rest of their menu.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,7/5/2012,490,388,4,9,9>My first experience with raw food was not pleasant. The food was bland, more interested in being appealing to the eye rather than the palate and at some times just completely inedible. This turned me away from raw food for quite some time, I think even more than a year. I frequently would talk about trying another restaurant, however couldn't shake the ill feelings that my first try left.For my best friend's birthday I decided to surprise her by finding a raw restaurant, one with good reviews and something less pretentious food. Green Wave Café inPlantation,FL looked perfect. Albeit a far drive from Miami, especially in rush hour traffic, once we pulled into the quaint shopping plaza and saw the sign, I knew I'd made the right decision. The entrance to Green Wave looks like a restaurant you'd expect in a small town, as though you were being invited into someone's home rather than a restaurant. Space is limited, as the restaurant is very small, however the intimate experience with the staff and the ability to watch all aspects of your food being prepared more than makes up for the lack of seating. There are two or three high-top tables and several barstools to sit along the kitchen.The menu includes several options, of which we chose their nacho appetizer, a cheeseburger, the hummus sandwich and homemade ice cream. The nachos were by far the star of the evening, made on their housemade onion bread (which was only because they were out of the crackers, however this was so delicious I recommend requesting the onion bread). A perfect combination of sweet and savory, the nachos were something I will be craving for years to come. I ordered the hummus sandwich, which is more lettuce than hummus or bread. The bread again was the delicious onion bread, however I don't think I would order the hummus sandwich again. BFF ordered the cheeseburger, which again was delicious. Smothered in the same cheese sauce as the nachos, with mushrooms, onions and again on their amazing onion bread, I would absolutely recommend trying this. For dessert we were treated to a free ice cream for Jessica's birthday, she chose chocolate. I also wanted to try their vanilla ice cream, so we ordered both. I cannot believe there was no dairy in the ice cream, it was rich and smooth, delicious.This is a new favorite restaurant for us and we will be certainly visiting again. My only complaint is that it is so far from Miami, otherwise I'd probably be there every day. Thank you, Green Wave Café, for showing me that raw food can be delicious. If I had your chefs preparing all my meals, I know that I could eat raw on a regular basis. The staff is lovely, knowledgeable and willing to talk you through how they make each item. If you haven't yet tried raw food, Green Wave Café is the place to go.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,7/4/2012,109,331,6,6,3>4.75 starsChicken parm has all competitors on check mate, it was the best I'e had. It wasnt on the menu so when i ordered it i felt like the waiter thought "take it to olive garden rookie", but he put it in no questions asked. This cut of meat might be the pound for pound best in the game, it might be better than any good piece of steak...tasted even better once it cooled...the chicken was perfect thickness, softer than chris bosh, and the cheese it was topped with was in perfect ratio to the breading and amount of meat they give you and it wasnt a glob of bubble gum-like cheese that most italian places serve.  The breading wasnt crispy like Solitas chx parm but ive been lead to believe that solitas fry their chx, guess ill have to try it againThey let me order a half order of gnocchi with red sauce as a side, and again and not to sound like this was my second italian meal ever, it was the best ive had, Supposedly homemade, it wasnt too heavy and it was cooked to perfection. This and the chx parm seemed to be bringing out the best of each other, battling bite for bite for who was better, amazing combo.The red sauce was the same for the chx and ghnocchi and was really good.The pasta with crab meat was really flavorful and filling even though the portion couldve been a little bigger, but its a catastrophic failure to come here and not get the chx parm and gnocchi, cant drive that point home enough.The bread bowl they give is generous and comes with delicious diced tomatoes, soo good, glazed balsamic, and a chunk of parmesan, the bread is a little hard. If they had prime italians bread we would have a major problem, that being said i had no shame asking for more of everything and ate a whole basket and then some. The fried zucchini chips were really good too.For dessert, i wish i had the tiramasu because the flourless choc cake was the only major flaw at this joint, it was gooey like cake batter and wouldnt last 1 round matched up against gothams flourless cake.The service was great, the view was beautiful outside, i gotta go during the day.damn near perfect eating experience, cant wait to go back
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,2/28/2014,17,5,8,15,10>Tucked away on NE 79th street is this small Brazilian gem. It's a restaurant/lounge that brings an authentic taste of Brazil to our backyard.My friends and I are always looking for something new to do around town. I came across the listing for Boteco, snooped around their website, thought it sounded great and made the suggestion to my friends.We went on a Tuesday night for dinner and drinks. Parking was a cinch; valet is available on premises or you can opt to park on the street. I chose valet.Upon entering you walk onto an outdoor, wooden deck area with tables and chairs. There is a bar inside, along with more tables and an area for dancing. We opted to sit outside as it was a balmy Miami evening, perfect for outdoor dining. The music was still audible out on the deck so it provided a nice, lively background.We were promptly greeted by a gracious server who introduced himself and explained the menu. He took our drink order; we decided on Caipirinha of course ;) we looked through the menu and discussed our options.The menu is written in Portuguese with English descriptions below. It's a nicely varied menu with traditional Brasilian fare. Appetizers, chicken, steak, fish, a few sides, drinks and desserts.Our drinks arrived promptly, and tasted great. A bit strong but strong pours are nothing to complain about :)We skipped out on appetizers and went straight to a meal. I chose the Picanha Fatida Na Chapa (Grilled sirloin steak with fried yucca) and my friend ordered the Filé de Frango (grilled chicken breast with a side of black beans and rice). Friend number 3 wasn't hungry and just stuck to drinking.Our food arrived a short while after and wow, that first bite: mmmm memorable. I can still taste it and it's been a while since that visit. The meat was cooked just right: juicy, moist, almost buttery. I literally paused after that first bite just to savor the experience. The yucca was equally great, good crispy outside and soft inside.Friend's chicken breast was equally scrumptious.For dessert we wanted to try something different so we asked for a traditional recommendation but unfortunately they were out of it.. but they had flan, which is always a favorite. The flan was great and provided a sweet ending to a delicious meal.We paid our bill and decided to walk inside to enjoy some dancing and more drinks.The inside of Boteco is a nice homey ambiance, very down to earth. I swear it reminded me of a latin abuela's (grandma's) house. There's shelves adorning the walls with religious images and little cups of rum/coffee and tobacco as offerings. Very spiritual vibe. For my spiritualists/santeros out there, I swear this looked like abuela's house with the glasses of water and offerings to the saints.I fell in love, I had never been to such an authentic-feeling place.It was refreshing to see a place so simple with so many happy people (I forgot I was still in Miami). We literally stood for a moment and just inhaled the happy vibe emanating from the crowd. Everyone was dancing to samba and having a grand ol' time. We ordered a beer and joined the happy people until closing time which was at about 2am.The dress code is very casual. Menu is very reasonably priced. Everything is below $20. Credit Cards Accepted.They offer happy hour specials and live music throughout the week, so it is definitely something to keep in mind if you're in the mood for something different.This has definitely become a favorite. Can't wait to return. I would definitely recommend this spot for a great lunch or dinner experience.Come as you are, enjoy some good eats, order a Caipirinha and let the vibe transport you to the laid-back ways of Brasil.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,2/27/2014,82,94,6,11,7>Clean Location. Professional Staff. Great color selection from OPI, Essie and Nabi.First of all, it's clean.  That's so important. Their white cloths are white and in one piece - unlike other places where their white wash cloths are gray and tattered. Secondly, the nail technicians that have given me my manis or pedis (Magda, Irene and a young guy whose name I forgot) are professional and have quality-level technique.  It's so refreshing, for example, to have nail professionals clean excess nail polish from my finger tips using a small brush dipped in acetone. You wouldn't believe how many places I've been to before coming to NeoNails where the manicurist(s) clean off excess nail polish off of my fingers using their own nails. *smh* Lastly, the color selection is fabulous. You can choose from the cheerful Nabi colors to the serious hues from OPI to the classic Essie tones.  There's a color for any person and any mood.Like other Yelpers have mentioned, the owner offers you water or champagne while you get pampered, and Mondays-Wednesdays there are coupons available for certain services. If you go, check out the body and hand lotion line used here. It smells like Spring. This has become my go-to nail spot in Miami.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,2/26/2014,76,135,4,16,13>Usually at good expensive restaurants, portions are either small or just enough. That's NOT the case at Adrienne's. From the appetizers to the desserts, the portions are huge without compromising quality and taste. Our meal was incredible from start to finish. At first, it was difficult to choose what to start with. All the options were very tempting. We ended up deciding on the shrimp appetizer, which were 7 jumbo shrimp in a delicious sweet & spicy sauce. Next time I will try the crunchy goat cheese with prosciutto & figs! For dinner I had the all mighty 12 oz Angus Ranch filet topped with crunchy goat cheese with a side of mashed potatoes and spinach. This steak is at least 4 inches thick. It is huge, and tender, and juicy, and just absolutely perfect. My husband had the Salmon Rockefeller, which was the only savory option for the salmon on the menu. Both dishes were bursting with flavor. We couldn't possibly have enjoyed the meal more. What was best is that we couldn't eat the entire plate so we had lunch for the next day.  The dessert we chose was the Mascarpone cheesecake with chocolate ganache & strawberries. It was soft, not overly sweet, and with the perfect amount of chocolate drizzled over it. Delicious.Every plate here is pricey, BUT the meal you are getting is worth every penny! Service could be better for the kind of money you are spending, but the food is so good I really didn't care when the waiter spilled some of the wine on the table ( he made up for it by bringing us more wine) or said "let me check on your stuff" in reference to our food. Lol.The restaurant is on the small side so definitely make a reservation.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,2/25/2014,60,188,5,9,7>Really 4.5Listen guys, if u want to impress a girl, than this is where you take her.....the outside garden is beautiful, secluded, and very charming, especially at night....This isn't the place to come for a quick lunch or dinner. This is a place you come to when you want to eat a great meal AND enjoy the company of the person you're with. (I had to remind my husband that we weren't at Cheesecake Factory) We didn't wait long for food or drinks, but there was a little wait for the check, which I was fine with because I was on a date.The food:The honey brie appetizer- delicious! The potato pancakes- amazing and huge!!! This was my entree and I couldn't finish!The house salad was even unique and delicious My husband ordered the sausage platter, which came with 3 different kinds of sausage, potatoes, and sauerkraut. I'm not a sausage fan, but I forced myself to try a bite and it was good, my husband loved it. It also came with 2 homemade dipping sauces, 1 was tomato based and the other mustard based.Keep in mind when you go that there's no hostess, you just kind of sit anywhere, which confused my husband and I at first.We will definitely be back, this place is just lovely.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,2/24/2014,159,118,22,25,20>Things I like when I'm trashed:1. Cheeseburgers2. Cheeseburgers3. CheeseburgersI needed to eat after spending a night at Abraxas (RIP.) It was about 2 a.m. and I headed over with a couple of burger fiends after receiving a parking ticket. Damn you, SoFi. Hip hop blasting around me, I ordered my beast. Medium-rare beef patty, american cheese, chopped onions, BACON, and a fried egg.When I got that burger, I just stared at it for a bit. You know those lying-ass fast food ads where the burgers look perfect? Cheeseburger Baby actually makes them like that. Toasted bun, meat cooked to order, melted cheese, and that fried egg. (What is it about a fried egg on a burger that makes my mouth water instantly? It's awesome.) Took my first bite and almost cried.The taste was on point. The greasiness was on point. The size was on point. The guys behind the counter didn't even have to ask me how it was. One look let's them know that it's good as cuss.My head was buzzing the whole time while I ate that monster; then I realized something. This experience won't happen again. I won't be here at 2 a.m., on a Wednesday, after a night out drinking with these guys. This is it for me and Cheeseburger Baby. Man, that just made me enjoy it all the more. One and done, right?
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,2/23/2014,189,216,9,12,8>Honestly, I do really love this place. It's pretty reasonably priced, and all of the food and ceviches I've tried are delicious. The entrees here are fantastic. I love the Aji de Gallina (same story as SuViche, a restaurant gets a lot of credit from me just having this as a regular item on the menu, because many Peruvian places don't), the Lomo Saltado, and the Ceviche in Cream of Pisco or Yellow Pepper sauce. I've also tried the traditional Ceviche and while I like something a little more interesting, for the Ceviche purist it's one of the best I've had. The appetizers are a bit of a different story. The Papa a la Huancaina is very tasty too, although an oddly small portion. If you really want it go for it - but you may feel a little cheated at the end. The Huancaina Peruvian Corn was also good, however, all of the ingredients were in separate little piles on the plate, so it's sort of a DIY app. The drinks are also on point - also one of the best Pisco sours I've had a chance to try anywhere.A couple things to note:- If you're looking for an intimate date spot, or even a place where you might be able to carry on a normal conversation, this is not for you. This place is always packed, and even when it isn't because it's just one large open room with high ceilings it is LOUD.- If you're creeped out by giant life size posters of people, or offended by chef/owners with major ego, this is also not the place for you. I don't know what this guys deal is, but there are no less than 3 giant pictures posted in the restaurant of his face. It's incredibly tacky. Bottom Line: If you're looking for a great ceviche and a pisco sour, this is it. Don't expect to socialize too much...and try to sit away from the creepy posters.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,2/22/2014,309,226,3,14,7>The view is what makes this a 4 star rating.  The food is good - don't get me wrong - but the view is what lures you in...We came here to celebrate my husband's birthday on a Tuesday night.  And let me tell you - it was pretty bustling.  I had made reservations beforehand and had requested outside seating, but the girl taking my reservation said that seating is wherever is available when we come in.  Slightly turned off by this, I still plowed forward and decided to give this place a try.Crazy About You is really pretty - swanky, sophisticated, nice décor... and I loved the music track they had playing (goes with the ambiance - think Girl from Ipanema). They had ample seating at the bar, which is actually more like a lounge area with a mix of couches, short stools and tables.  We actually hung out there for about 30 minutes since we were told (upon arrival) that there would be outside seating, just not immediately - which was fine with me!Although the inside of the restaurant is a great place to sit, nothing beats sitting outside.  The view is great!  They have an "upper level" (this is where we sat - it's connected to the main level).  They also have a "lower level" (which is where I wish we would've sat!) and if I were you, I would ask to be escorted that-a-way for dinner because the view is nicer.  As our dinner choices, my husband chose the bacon pizza with the Serrano ham croquets as the appetizer.  And I chose the risotto with wild rice, shrimp, and mushroom in some decadent, awesome creamy sauce.  As my appetizer, I got the Chihuahua Cheese.  Verdict says... all of it was great!  Again, not mind blowing, but definitely satisfying and tasty. And the portions were perfect - we did not feel cheated at all!  And really, the prices weren't bad.  You have 3 price levels - $17, $21 and $25; and each entrée comes with an appetizer of your choice.  Seriously, a win-win situation.  That, coupled with the view, makes it a nice night out.  Ridiculously stuffed, we nixed the idea of dessert. As we walked out, hand in hand, we decided we could absolutely see ourselves coming back.  It's always exciting when you find a location that you can add to your list of places good enough to come back to.  It's usually hit or miss when you're venturing out and going somewhere new. It was a successful night for us, though! Yay. P.S. Valet $10.  Eh.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,2/21/2014,113,636,11,15,14>Come as you are.  Really.  No, I am not singing Nirvana (though that IS a great song), but this is the kind of place where you can come dressed however you want and no one will blink twice.  It makes for some interesting crowds: lots of colorfully tattooed folks, hipsters, people with tie-dyed jumpsuits (someday I'll be able to pull off a jumpsuit, dammit!), shorts, jeans, t-shirts...no pretentiousness and if you do show up in stilettos and some fancy getup, THEN you may get some stares because everyone is so laidback and casual, but I wouldn't know.  There were even families there, with toddlers.  Not sure how much fun a toddler can have here, but whatever.  Never too early to get started on the fun.On this occasion, I hung out in the outdoor area with a friend.  I have never been inside, so I wouldn't know what it looks like inside.  There's a cool classic Cadillac on the side, near the bar (I hear they use it for tacos though I did not get to try any of their food), outdoor seating, and some bleachers-type of seating.  Music is interesting, there was a DJ on this occasion, there are some cool murals around and people playing brick-sized Jenga while drinking and smoking.  Parking's not really an issue, there are plenty of buildings all around that have street parking, and you can park somewhere along there and walk.  This place does get pretty crowded though but I was glad to be able to sit on my own for a bit without anyone harassing me, even if it was somewhat crowded.  Nice place to head to now that the weather's not stiflingly hot and humid and catch up with a friend or just relax a bit before having to head back to work the next day (ugh!).
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,2/20/2014,276,46,9,18,10>Finding an authetic Filipino restaurant in the Miami area is like finding a yeti. Actually, it's like finding a yeti riding on a unicorn sliding down a rainbow. But somehow after a random google search for "Filipino food Miami" (after an unsuccessful one nine months before) I found this place and went.My experience with Filipino food is the following: I'm not Filipino, but my roommates in college were all Filipino and thus my fascination was born. My first dish I learned how to cook was chicken adobo, we had spam fried rice, learned that diniguan was called "chocolate meat" and wasn't made from chocolate and ate it up anyway. To be honest, Filipino food is pretty similar to Cuban cuisine: there is bistec, lechon is still fried pork wherever you go, there's the aversion to chilis and any type of vegetable is an afterthought, stewed with meat, if at all. That said, there are some dishes taken from Chinese culture - lumpia (egg rolls, but skinnier and more meaty), pancit (chow mein, basically) stuff like that.This place is legit. It's in a strip mall in North Miami Beach, you walk in, there's a super friendly family serving up food cafeteria style, and there's satellite television of Filipino variety shows going on (when we were there it was essentially an American Idol for folks over 40. Pretty amazing.)  It's pretty clear that the restaurant is targeted for Filipino ex-pats, and that's okay in my book: if you want overpriced fusion with a fancy interior decorator, go to Gigis.We ended up getting a bunch of things: pork adobo (pork braised in soy, vinegar & garlic) which was REALLY good, along with pancit palabok, lumpia, a skewer or two and sizzling sisig. (Best way to describe it is... hmm... maybe a chopped up picadillo? Their version used all the parts of the pig though, and the texture turned off some of my friends who weren't necessarily used to it.) The owner told us there was a Cebu style lechon in the back but we passed on it. We also sampled the banana turon (fried banana) which was legit too.Just this week a friend shared on Facebook an online comic from The Oatmeal where most Asian restaurants in small towns - yes, and Miami - serve every single type of Asian food under one roof, all kinda mediocre. I'm happy to say that this one is definitely good, legit authentic and even though I kinda live far, I'll be traveling as far as I need to go for some legit Filipino food.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,2/19/2014,147,65,11,13,11>To me, Hialeah is a foreign country that is best left alone. It's like this black hole of confusion where each street has 3 different names/numbers and you forget you even know how to speak English because you feel like it's disrespectful to speak anything other than Spanish. The customs don't really belong to any particular country but blend to create a whole new region altogether. It speaks volumes that I would venture into unknown territory to eat at El Rinconcito Peruano. Like most normal people my mouth salivates at the thought of ceviche. Given that I was in Miami Lakes at the time, it was only normal for Yelp to point me in the direction of this Hialeah, hidden gem of goodness. Up until now, every (good) ceviche I have ever eaten has been at upscale/trendy restaurants so I was a little hesitant to have (basically) raw fish at this little no frills hole in the wall. Luckily, I remembered I'm not the freaking Queen of England and got over it. I tried Causa de atun for the first time and even though I've tried it at several restaurants afterwards, this still remains the best one. The ceviche is listed as an appetizer. Yeah, maybe for a sumo wrestler because they give you a giant heap of fish which is straight up, perfection. The staff is very friendly and attentive. If this place had been closer to home and not located in another dimension, I would come here weekly.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,4/8/2013,327,121,6,12,8>I take it as a very good sign when every single table is foreigners. Maybe it was the day I came or I honestly don't know what, but the service was really outstanding when I came to dine in. This would be my 2nd time at this establishment as well. So, maybe it's luck when it comes to service or maybe people are expecting too much, who knows when it comes to the 1 star reviews. I was happy to find the $9 20-dumpling dish was still there. It's definitely my go-to dish here. Also extremely happy that they have a Vegetarian menu with gluten-free options -- which is SO rare in South Florida. My friend ordered the Scrambled Eggs & Shrimp dish, which was pretty awesome because its so simple but it's so yummy and honestly reminds me of home-cooked Chinese meals when I was a wee little lady. Table next to us ordered the HotPot so I definitely want to try it next time and get food shabu-style. All in all, I'm not sure I would say this is a top Chinese restaurant yet BUT I do enjoy the cooking here because its more on the "traditional" style and its not the usual dishes you can order anywhere else. Atmosphere is definitely unique since EVERYONE, literally everyone, will be yapping in Chinese and its honestly kinda cool.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,4/7/2013,62,98,3,5,3>I recently moved to the Miami area and was trying to find something to do when guests visited. After searching online I found the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden. I visited the garden on November 24 with out of town guests. We were really impressed with the gardens and size. It was fun to walk around and take pictures of the various plants and trees. The garden is large and has a variety of plants to look at.During our visit they were setting up the art for the next weekend exhibit. There was African sculptures set up throughout one area of the garden. According to someone we talked to a new restaurant (or food area) is opening next weekend December 1. Also a few exhibits will be opening that weekend too. While walking around we only saw a few locations with gnats flying around.  While here we had lunch at their Lakeside Cafe. At first we weren't sure what the food would be like since it wasn't a traditional restaurant, plus I have found food at museums and exhibits to be overpriced and usually bland. I was actually surprised and impressed at the food we received. The sandwiches we had were very good, two of us had the Black Forest Ham and Brie Panini (I highly recommend) and one had the Ruben (who also really liked it). The food was decently priced and I would eat here again, whenever I visit.Also I noticed the garden was setting up for a wedding that was mostly likely going to be in the evening. The area the reception was going to be held at looked great and overlooked the lake. I was impressed with the setup and this is something I would think about if the day comes in the future. This looked like a great place to have a wedding that isn't a typical outdoor location. The gardens are gorgeous for a wedding and a great location, with easy parking.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,4/6/2013,82,94,5,8,5>Strawberry fields! My favorite part was picking strawberries and tomatoes from the vine (more on this in a minute).First, prepare the children, the seniors, and the critical folks in your life for a long line with no Fast Pass.  If you visit on the weekend, you'll need to anticipate waiting in line for the bread products (cinnamon rolls, pecan rolls, garlic bread, etc.) for at least an hour thirty minutes, outdoors, no shade. In the end, the pecan rolls and the cinnamon rolls were delicious.  These are not your large, often dry mall-type rolls drenched in overly sweet icing. Their rolls are mid-sized, lathered in honey and cinnamon, and sweet pecans (if you buy the pecan rolls), served warm.The milkshake line is shorter, with about a 30 - 45 minute wait for small or large sized strawberry or mango milkshakes. These were great to sip on while in line for the baked goods.There was no line to buy their bagged produce, which included beets, tomatoes, lettuce, etc.Finally, and best of all in my opinion, is the strawberry and tomato picking experience. There's no line. If you have teens or tweens in your life, picking strawberries and tomatoes will be an absolute delight. Even the older folks in your life will have a ball. You will be provided with plastic containers in which to put your pickings. When you are done you have them weighed ($2.50/ lb.).Take your camera, or camera phone, because you will definitely get some nice pics. It goes without saying, but I will, wear flats or sneakers, a hat or sunglasses, sunscreen and comfy clothes. There is one picnic table under a straw roof where   you can sit at and enjoy the afternoon.All in all, a sweet family time at Knaus.Quick note: No credit cards accepted. Parking along the street or if you are lucky, in the farm's parking area where about 18 cars can fit.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,4/5/2013,470,137,10,19,17>... And I sit here on this street-side cafe (Tapas and Tintos), sipping on a glass of wine, listening to the many conversations in different dialects while a lone guitarist plays classic flamenco tunes on his guitar in front of me.  The plate of fruit and cheese in front of me collects dew from the humidity and glistens, and people wearing trendy clothing and expensive sunglasses walk by, coolly pointing out the intricacies of the old Spanish architecture and trying to decide which restaurant is the most fashionable to be seen at.  The air is filled with different music from different countries and it all blends into a cascade of warm acoustics, backdropped by a pulsing beat of European base.  The air is humid, but a cool breeze seems to blow just the right way through this short alley-way, chilling the sweat that is making my shirt stick to the nave of my back. Ah, Barcelona, I have missed you.  Or am I in Spain at all?No, this is Espanola Way.  The hidden treasure that lurks just beyond the dirty trenches and streets of Washington Avenue right smack in the middle of South Beach.  Most people miss it and walk right past this oasis of cool, blinded by the glitter and faux-glamour of the over-priced clubs that beckon with their long lines and Velvet-Rope-Nazis.  But those whose curiosity overtakes them and take a step off the main path, find the coolest spot on the beach that is miles away from Miami and centered in the heart of what is cool and 'artsy'.  Espanola Way isn't a destination, it is a calling.Espanola was once (before Miami became the center of Clubs and lost its soul to Hip Hop and Club Kidz), where the artists congregated, exchanged ideas, sipped wine, shared cigarettes, smoked joints, laughed, danced and reveled in the culture and community that they created.  It was hip and it was cool, when cool was what you felt, not what was advertised.  While most of the artists left long ago, pushed out by the skyrocketing rent, this little street was able to maintain a little bit of the soul that made it cool.  Walking through Espanola, you can still sense the ghosts of the Bohemians that once roamed this street.  So take a break.  Sit at a cafe, order a glass and some tapas, find some good friends and travel back in time.  within minutes, the music becomes a hum, the glitter and glamour of South Beach a memory, the rude cabbies and bouncers are forgotten and maybe some of the cool of this place will rub off...
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,4/4/2013,944,946,12,14,12>In my pre-Yelp days, I used to frequent Tropical Chinese for their fantastic dim sum lunch with former coworkers.  For some reason or another (and mostly due to moving and changing jobs), I hadn't made it back to Tropical for several years.  Until fulfilling the Jewish Christmas tradition of Chinese food, that is.When you're one of the few places open on a big holiday, you can definitely expect your business to garner a bit more attention than normal.  To put it mildly, Tropical Chinese was busting at the seams on Christmas night.  We arrived around 7pm and were told there was an approx. 45 minute wait - not great, but not terrible.  There were people milling about everywhere - stuffed like sardines in the small entryway, lounging on and against every available surface - everywhere!We probably only waited about 30 minutes before we were hurriedly ushered to a table in a far corner of the restaurant - dodging trays full of food ready to be served, and narrowly missing toppling fellow diners' drinks on our way.  They really pack as many people into the place as possible!We opted to share a few dishes - the veggie spring rolls and shrimp shumai to start, and the ginger-and-scallian hot pot chicken, beef lo mein, and veggie fried rice as our main courses.  It was the perfect amount of food for 3 people, with a little bit leftover.  My favorite was the lo mein - thin noodles (different than what we'd expected) with a light, savory sauce.  The beef didn't really add anything to the dish, so I'd probably nix that on future orders.  I've heard the duck is the way to go at Tropical for dinner, but my dining companions weren't down with that - something to save for next time, perhaps?Overall, it was a tasty, satisfying dinner, and the fulfillment of a tradition.  The prices were a tad on the high side (which doesn't make much sense considering their dim sum prices, but oh well), but we managed to get out for around $25/person, including tax and tip (without booze).  A couple things to note - service here is pretty non-existent.  We had the fortune of being in the corner, and managed to snag a waitperson on their entry to the kitchen area every time we needed a drink refill or some hot sauce.  But in other areas of the dining room, it probably wouldn't have been as easy.I'm planning on making it back soon for dim sum, and hopefully to check out their duck dinner!
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,4/3/2013,929,30,15,24,19>Every Sunday Pinecrest Gardens AKA the old Parrot Jungle is transformed into a farmers market. You could find anything from organic fruits and veggies to freshly made guacamole to a variety of beautiful orchids. I have been here twice in the past two weeks and I must admit I'm obsessed! I swear I felt like Anthony Bourdain, I literally spent hours exploring the place trying out and buying everything I laid my eyes upon. On my first visit I had a chocolate croissant. Oh. Em. Gee. I literally died and went to heaven; it was phenomenal. I then began walking and immediately noticed this adorable pink food truck that sells Conch Fritters. No flipping way! Conch Fritters? I jumped for joy! I have been craving conch fritters for ages. Six bucks will get you six yummy conch fritters. It doesn't stop there, I also had delicious Mama Guava Cookies not one but an entire box ($5,) and to top it off I had Roc Kat Ice-cream which happened to have Mama Guava pieces in the mix. I know, I know.. I need to make healthier decisions. On my second visit, I had a delicious chocolate almond croissant, a flat bread pizza, a crepe and roasted corn. They have plenty of more things I must try in my future visits such as: ceviche, raw vegan food, natural juices, Greek food, and so much more! Pinecrest Gardens Farmer's Market is the perfect place to spend your Sunday afternoon with your family, friends or even your dog. If you haven't already checked out Pinecrest Garden's Farmer's Market, you must! Trust me! Come on out and support your local farmers :]BRING CASH!!!
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,4/2/2013,37,58,7,13,6>Indomania is truly a local gem here in Miami, and located in Miami Beach no less! It is truly a special place and each visit I've had here has surpassed expectations.The specialty here are the "Rijsttafel" (Indonesian for "rice table") courses. They have four to choose from- "Java", "Sumatra", "Ocean" and a Vegetarian option. It is priced per person and is very reasonable for the quantity and selection of dishes they offer. There are about 12-16 dishes in each with a variety of selections- vegetable, poultry, beef, curries, rice, etc.  Our party had the Sumatra selection. The Gulai Telur (Boiled Egg in Curry Sauce) is a standout, as was the Semur Jawa (Slow cooked beef in sweet spicy sauce) and the Ayam Besengek (Chicken in mild coconut curry). Other very good dishes were the vegetable sides- a cucumber salad, spiced green beans and fried coconut/peanut were also delicious. The attention to detail, concentrated flavors and amazing spices really showed that this isn't an "assembly line" type of operation- they  put every ounce of care and love into their food as possible. The owners are on the premises at all times- the husband runs the front of the house and the wife is the chef (she occasionally pops in front to say hello or speak with diners). You truly feel as if you are in someone's home. It is small, with soft lighting and plain but elegant decor. Dates, friends and groups alike will feel comfortable here, as the owners seriously treat you as if you are a long lost relative or good friend. There is a very small bar/counter where one or two people could eat (if you happen to want to try walking in and don't have reservations) and they make an effort to seat you even if you don't call ahead. There is one table outside but truly has no real "patio". They offer beer and wine- a small but nicely curated selection at very reasonable prices. We had a Rose Cava for about $38 a bottle- compare that to the $18 cocktails they serve at any number of the big name hotels in South Beach just blocks away!This is a perfect place for something "different" yet not too far (distance-wise) off the beaten path. Great for a first date, special occasion, "date night", birthday/group gathering. Fun spot to change up a routine, or to go with friends and try a lot of new dishes.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,4/1/2013,73,205,4,12,9>Ok, so list of things I didn't know before coming to The Mack House:1) This is a Holy Mackerel Nano Brewery.  WHAT?!  Yes, you read that right. On my visit, I noted to Bobby (bartender for the night and brewer extraordinaire) that I had no clue that The Mack House had anything to do with Holy Mackerel - although, obviously now I do, and props for the witty name.  Since then, the name here on Yelp has been changed so you searchers out there can find it more easily!If you know anything about craft beers, you know about Holy Mackerel.  This is coming from a beer novice, so if I know it, you have to know it.  Holy Mackerel was founded in Ft. Lauderdale, but they now have a brewery in South Carolina bottling for them.  At The Mack House, they brew onsite.  This is going to be the birthplace of all sorts of delicious craft drinkables!Right now, the place may seem a bit underwhelming - but they literally took over the space and started brewing, so no updating has been done yet.  In the coming weeks, expect some changes, like a bigger bar, and more renovations.  Mark my words:  The Mack House is going to be huge.  I had a great time, and everyone, especially Bobby, was really friendly.   So glad this place opened up in my neck of the woods =]Also, I know they have the address listed as Ft. Lauderdale, but this is Davie y'all!
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,3/31/2013,415,166,13,8,9>( to the tune of Just a friend, by Biz Markie)Have you  ever ever ever tried to lose weightand eating right all the time seems like a cruel fateLet me tell the story of a diet gone wrongand how my sweet cravings lasted all day long I was eating bland ice cream, eating low-fatnothing tasted good, it all tasted like crapUntil one day, leaving the gym,I walked pass this place, and peeked right inall the slim girls with tubs of joysmiles on every fit girl and boy,I went to the counter and ask for a spoon,I knew I scared him when I grabbed it too soonbut when I had that first taste of Pineapple swirlI knew Tutti Frutti was rockin my worldYou, you got what I need .and you say it's just a trend,but frozen yogurt doesn't endYou, you got what I need,frozen yogurt's not a trend,it'll satisfy my sweet tooth to the end,
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,3/30/2013,415,333,5,9,7>El Jefe serves up delicious tacos street-style. Love the decor, love the menu, love the tunes, and love coming by this spot when i'm in the mood for a taco treat.  Try one of their two Quesadilla Champions: the el Mistico is beefy and topped with mole negro and truffle crema. The signature El Jefe is pork (their Al Pastor) accompanied by grilled pineapple and fried sweet potato.  Don't be misled though, these two are tacos, not those traditional quesadillas we're accustomed to...much, much better. My recommendation is to make multiple visits so you can try everything on this menu.  Lots to choose from including: carnitas (citrus garlic braised pork shoulder), al Pastor (split roasted pork loin), pollo asada (lime grilled chicken), carne asada, barbacoa (braised beef brisket), chorizo (pork sausage), or go veggie with Hongos y Name (smokey grilled mushrooms and fried yam). Fresh cilantro, sweet onion, oaxaca cheese, queso blanco, queso cojita, queso fresco, and slaw are just some of the toppings that could top your taco. Add some chips, guac, salsa bar salsas, rice, and beans and you have a certified fiesta that will please your palate anytime and late into the night (open until at least midnight on Friday and Saturday nights). There are beers, micro brews, fountain sodas, seasonal offerings of Sangria, and even Horchata (sweetened rice milk with cinammon-  to cool down your tongue after spicy bites) to wash down all of the deliciousness. Highly recommended amigos and amigas!!
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,10/10/2011,944,946,7,14,13>Chow Down Grill, thank you for opening within walking distance of my house!I'd heard many praises about the original Surfside location, but had never made it up there myself.  So suffice it to say that when I heard they were opening a SoBe location, and that it would be in my old laundromat, I was ecstatic!If you didn't know this place used to be a laundromat, you'd never guess - and that's a true testament to how thoroughly CDG has renovated and changed the use of the space. One whole side is a full bar, running almost the length of the building. The dining room opens to a slightly-exposed kitchen, with tons of dark-wood booths and picnic-style tables to seat groups of all sizes.  The whole place is dimly lit, but tastefully decorated with cool wall decorations and chandeliers.But the real star of the show at CDG is the food.  My friend and I were hard-pressed to narrow down our selections of the long and delicious-sounding variety of appetizers, salads, noodles & noodle soups, and entrees, especially upon learning all the dumplings and noodles are made in-house.  Ultimately, we ended up choosing the shrimp and squid ink dumplings, the duck bao, a special pork ribs appetizer, the crispy chicken wontons, and the beef pho.  Everything was amazing, and left us praising CDG for coming to our neighborhood.The shrimp and squid ink dumplings arrived at our table with a tray of 6 sauces - 5 homemade (duck sauce with apricots, peanut sauce with a little kick, hoisin, soy sauce, and spicy Chinese mustard) plus sriracha.  Our waiter suggested his favorite duck sauce-and-sriracha combo for dipping, and it was quite tasty.  The hoisin-and-chinese-mustard combo was also pretty delish.  These sauces served us well for dipping our duck bao (fluffy buns stuffed with tender duck meat).The pork ribs appetizer special were house-smoked, and tender, but not to the point of falling off the bone (but that's okay).  They were served with a spicy cauliflower salad and a bao bun.  Reminiscent of a dish I'd had a Pubbelly recently, and very, very tasty.  The pho arrived in a steaming bowl filled to the brim with savory beef broth, shredded beef, and tons of noodles, though none of the cilantro, mint, bean sprouts, plum sauce accoutrement that typically accompany the dish.  But no matter, cause it was awesome!  The chicken wontons were served a spicy thai peanut sauce, and it was true to its name. These were also quite yummy.CDG has a full bar, and offers a pretty reasonably priced selection.  Our service was spot-on, so no complaints there.  The food prices are incredibly reasonable as well, with the appetizers all under $10, the noodle dishes in the $10-$15 range, and the entrees in the $17-22 range.  With 2 glasses of wine a piece, we walked out of there for $90, not including tip.  They also do carry-out, feature a banh mi menu after 11pm, are open till 5am most nights (food till 4/4:30), and are starting delivery in a couple weeks.  I can't wait to return to Chow Down Grill, and I'm so happy to have them in the neighborhood!!
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,10/9/2011,471,255,18,17,14>ugh...yup... I'm doing this, and I had had my mind set on a solid three, but I decided to go check it out on Sat night with a group of people and it made me feel so nostalgic, I had to completely strip myself of all my predisposed Spanish elitist notions and follow my heart. Is this emo enough yet?Like I had said on the thread, Mondaditos is considered the Spanish McDonalds' for most Spaniards; fast, affordable and satiating enough. The quintessential difference is that unlike most of the other Montaditos, which are surrounded by delicious traditional Cañas y Tapas bars, this one happens to set a higher standard for tapas in Miami, currently making it one of the best in the city.You've read it all, there were six of us, we sat outside enjoying a beautiful Miami February night (another plus bc at this time of year Madrid is freezing cold), bill was about $40 bucks which consisted of 2-3 platters of assorted montaditos, patatas bravas y aceitunas. Each of us paid for our own jarras (of Mahou cinco estrellas) that were $3 bucks each. I was surprised to see that they kept the menu pretty untouched (except for a PB&J Montadito....there's no way in hell those exist in the real ones) and that they also offered the jarras with sangria and claras (unfortunately this will probably not taste as good as in Spain bc you can't replace Lemon Fanta with Sierra Mist...that's just blasphemous).If you are going for the traditional flare, order any of the ones that have Tortilla Española, Chorizo, Jamon Serrano y queso iberico which is also known as homeboy Manchego. Some other notable mentions were the Duck Mousse and the tuna and cream cheese montaditos.Just do it....ps- guess who just found her new favorite spot to watch La Liga and Champions...and I guess in a distant future, FIFA WC? right on...I'm also already down with the owners who immediately felt the need to friend me after hearing my accent. *sigh* I might be betraying la madre patria...but for now, it's totally worth it.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,10/8/2011,423,372,19,19,18>You must eat here. That's it. It's gotten to the point where it's difficult for me to drive by without stopping. And why not stop with the insane amount of menu items under $10?? With amazing lunch specials for $7, with dinner sized portions??My highlights include, but are not limited to:Noodle dishes you can make three meals out ofGiant spicy soups (you can go mild though)Homemade shrimp chipsGenerously sized Sushi rolls (I do actually eat the Sushi here - a big step for me in the Miami Sushi world)A menu that may take you a half hour to read overThai donuts that should be banned as a controlled substanceThe Blue Ribbon Winner:Some of the best Tom Yum I've had in Miami.  Since I'm not leaving a Thai restaurant unless my eyes and nose are leaking, I always ask for the special Thai spice tray, full of vinegary Thai peppers, Curry powder, Chili paste, and chili powder. Not your mild taco sauce chili powder, but the real deal Thai chili powder. Even if the mercury is rising outside, I always add as much heat as I can possibly stand. Those who can take the heat, I highly recommend asking for this little tray of fire.The only thing I wish they had -- more food to stuff my face!! I do wish they offered up some more variety of soups in the larger sizes though. But maybe I'll just ask next time. They are so accommodating, I can't imagine that they wouldn't do it and super friendly and get to know their customers quickly.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,10/7/2011,156,83,6,9,9>It was my good friend's birthday celebration, and we decided to make a reservation for 12 at Lola's. They were able to accommodate us, and everything was going as planned.Our server was very courteous, kind, fast, and attentive. The overall service at Lola's was top notch.First of all, the beer: The drink menu holds a variety of great beer and alcoholic beverages from around the world. My friend and I both ordered a nice golden Brouwerij Duvel Moortgat (Belgium), and took a peek at the menu for appetizers.Purple Potato Skins:What a fantastic choice this was. Sundried Tomato Crème Fraîche, Roasted Garlic Cloves, Smoked Bacon Bits, Chives, and American Sturgeon Caviar. By far, the best Potato Skins I have EVER had. Only 4 per order, but not so steep for the $9, considering the absolutely delightful melting in my mouth!I decided to order the Chicken Breast Milanese, priced at $23.This consisted of an All Natural Chicken Breast Crusted with Basil Crackers, Swank Farm's "8" Leaf Spring Mix, Whole Milk Mozzarella, and Whole Grain Mustard Vinaigrette.I'm always a bit weary of trying new things, but it sounded tasty to my ears, so I dove right in.A-B-S-O-L-U-T-E-L-Y indescribable. So warm, so tasty, crunchy and soft at the same time.Everyone ended the night with a big smile and a full belly to match. Definitely a place to take a special someone on a date, or celebrate (as we did) a special occasion. I highly recommend Lola's to anyone looking for a good time and a really good meal to match. A tad bit pricey, but worth every penny.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,10/6/2011,170,440,6,16,12>A shout out to all my cupcake seeker fellow yelpers!! Misha's has opened its door close to home. Nicely located in Miami Lakes, a few shops down from Chipolte Mexican Grill and right across from Einstein Bagels - this is a cute small shop filled with delicious cupcakes. the offer the same product we all have come to love and know from their other shops round town. there was a nice variety of flavors to chose from. today i walked away with 1/2 dozen thou (since i do have to admit, i got the VOICE deal of the day for those darn delicious cupcakes from In Style - placing order for pickup on wed!) flavors which went home with me........ 1) Coconut - this was amazing fresh moist cake filled with flakes of coconut through out. topped with amazing butter cream which was topped with even more shredded coconut 2) Red Velvet w/Cream Cheese frosting (u can also have it w/buttercream frosting, but the CHEESE is much better!!!) creamy delicious! 3) Dulce de Leche - gotta get for hubby - gotta share the yummies! 4) Oreo cookies for our daughter 5) Guava - now a staple flavor for us to have..... love the delicious guava flavor frosting on it. this compliments the whole thing through and through! 6) Black Bottom - this is a new one for us - was told it has baked cream cheese in center of a chocolate cake - have not tried it yet (guava one screamed my name louder!!!) gosh what to do... this place so close to home....now my friends up north (pines, miramar, davie) can come just down a bit and enjoy these delights fresh from the shop!!! was advised by super nice clerks business is doing very well where they are even planning on extending shop hours on saturday!!!! Welcome up north Misha's!!!! Love to have you!!!
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,10/5/2011,233,409,8,9,8>The Daily's massive menu hovering over your head is a sight to behold.  If I was a cashier there I would be constantly fearful that this one ton menu would come crashing down on my head causing a painful death.There are so many choices that it reminds me of Indiana Jones needing to pick out the Holy Grail amongst 1,000 cups in a cave.  "Choose Wisely" or else you'll end up with a crappy dish.Luckily I did not need to face such a monumental decision since my fellow Yelpers helped me out.  I was able to pick the Holy Grail of Egg dishes right away - THE BEST EGG DISH EVER.This modestly titled dish is "5 whipped eggs w/basil pesto baked in the oven. Topped w/mushrooms, tomatoes & goat cheese. Served w/homefries & white toast butter". As I was not in the mood to eat 5 eggs alone, my wife was happy to split this dish with me to avoid having to look at the menu of death.Now I am not sure if this is in fact the "Best Egg Dish EVER" but it is pretty damn awesome!!  The whipped eggs really have an airy-ness to them.  Add the fluffy eggs with goat cheese, mushrooms, and tomatoes and you have a very delicious dish.  This comes with home fries which are also very, very good.   If you are not ravenous then this is a very splittable dish.  The iced lattes were also very good.  I've had lunch here before as well and the soups and sandwiches are very tasty.Overall definitely come here but READ THE MENU ONLINE beforehand.  Trust me. the guy behind you in line will be thankful you did.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,10/4/2011,330,118,6,8,5>Bueno, bonito and barrato at it's finest! seriously folks, where else in the Gables can you have an excessive amount of hot food for lunch at a sit down restaurant for less than $9? oh and be in and out in less than an hour? hmm?! I honestly go to Las Vegas Cuban Cuisine about 2-3 times a week and I'm always satisfied. The staff is amazingly attentive, my glass of water is never empty and even during the lunch hour rush they still manage to put on a smile and give great service.My favorite lunch special is the grilled chicken with morro and platano maduro. I also enjoy the fish, breaded steak and vaca frita. No need to question the authenticity of this restaurant, their vaca frita tastes just like my grandmother's! Did I mention their proportions are out of hand? yeah, pretty effin' amazing.Parking can get a bit complicated especially during lunch hour but I normally find parking right across the street. If not, there's plenty of garage parking near by. So if you happen to be in the Gables area during lunch, I highly recommend Las Vegas Cuban Cuisine! They also do carry-out!
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,10/3/2011,56,72,12,17,15>After reading so many reviews.. my friends and I decided to hit up WHISK.  The location was great, a little tucked in, however, they have parking upfront and it's also walking distance to the Sunset Place Shops.The place inside was small yet comfortable.  We were seated immediately; (I think we beat the dinner rush) and shown the specials of the days.  I had the grilled and slice skirt steak sandwich which consisted of multigrain bread, steak, lettuce, tomato and I believe a blue cheese dressing topped off with caramelized onions.  The sandwich was delicious; the items in the sandwich were a great compliment.  My only complaint was that the steak was a little hard but it could have been because I ordered it well done. My friend ordered theirs medium well and was a little softer.  Still my sandwich was delish and I would have it again.  The sandwich came with the house chips and OMG these chips were freaking great.  The chips were crispy, somewhat sweet with shaved parmesan cheese - QUE RICO! The chips alone are worth a repeat visit.We ended the meal with a slice of the key lime pie. The key lime pie was served with whip cream and several pieces of raspberry.  The key lime was really good, it was sweet, smooth and with the right amount of tangy.The prices are extremely reasonable for the quality and amount of food you get. Our waitress could have afforded to smile a bit, but otherwise, a great place...I would definitely go back.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,10/2/2011,566,440,18,14,14>Have I ever told you how much I love this bar? Can I even list how awesome this bar is? I love love love this bar - no other bar makes me want to go there like this one does. No other bar makes me sing at the top of my lungs, suck back beers and dance around like a teenager at a kegger - this bar is mine! If this bar were in a bar fight with any other bar I know the other bar wouldn't stand a chance! If this bar went to my High School, it would have won Prom King. If this bar was in a box of chocolate it would be the cherry cordial (because that's the best one in the box). If this bar was featured in the movie, Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory it would be the first to find a golden ticket. And if I were Charlie I would want to take over this bar and live happily ever after amongst the bartenders, pool tables and foosball. If Oreo is America's favorite cookie, this is favorite bar amongst Miami locals! I could go on, but then this would be a review of Orlando or Rony proportions and that's just not my style. I love this bar - 'nough said!
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,9/30/2011,268,629,8,15,10>as most of you regular yelpers know im slightly obsessed with anything travel related. going to an airport and boarding an airplane makes me insanely happy. that paired with a new zest for life and adventure and seizing the day (hey, turning 30 makes you want to grow and learn and explore) makes jen an extra cool girl!! when i saw a groupon deal for flight lessons i knew this was something i had to do (bucket list item checked). i decided to get one for my brother too. when i first told my brother he got kinda scared which was shocking because he is always the wild and adventurous one. he decided he would do it although he was in a  slight panic mode.i called last week to ask a few questions and before i knew it we were all set for our lesson this afternoon. we arrived right on time and met jimmy, our pilot. he was nice and friendly, and i was glad to see he was young - at least i no longer had to worry about him having health issues up there in the sky. inexperienced possibly but at least he wouldn't be croaking on us.lol. he was super professional and i questioned him a little on his qualifications and learned he graduated college and has been flying for 8 years and teaches anywhere from 3-10 lessons per day. ok we now felt safe. anyways i got shotgun first, while my brother hit the backseat. he showed me everything i had to know and off we went, that takeoff was amazing, i blurted out "whoa this is not like disney world" he replied "disney ain't got shit on flying a real plane". it was amazing and peaceful and inspiring. we were in awe... we landed at homestead airport (which is quite a ghetto airport) and swapped so my brother could now fly the plane and i got in the back. and off we went back to tamiami airport where we originated. we hit a rough patch of wind, but jimmy was so awesome at keeping it clear and us calm with his humor that i didnt even have to start praying my go "hail mary..." the landings were unexpectedly so smooth. when we got back we were still "floating in the clouds" and "on a high".. i really recommend this experience to anyone who wants to try something new and really amazing. i loved seeing the look on my brothers face, he was so thankful and glad he decided to suck it up and go for it!! i rather give a gift of an experience over a shirt or cologne any day.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,8/19/2014,52,65,3,10,7>Tonight we went out on a double date and we were all craving some good margaritas and mexican we decided to try out a new mexican restaurant in brickell la mexicana cantina...upon arrival this place was completely empty! Not a good sign especially for a Saturday night in Brickell. My friend remembered Cancun Grill but mentioned it was a little far. Let me tell you the drive is well worth it. It did not disappoint. Upon arrival there was a 25-30 wait time for 4 people. Not that bad for a Sat night. The only reason taking away a star is that they don't take reservations. We were seated and brought complimentary chips and salsa. The chips were nice and warm a freshly made definitely not bagged chips and the salsa was addictive. We all checked in and received one of the many perks of being a yelper free house margaritas! They were so good. Hubby and I ordered the chicken fajitas for 2 ...huge portion. We were so stuffed that had no room for dessert. The fajitas brought a side of refried beans and rice for each of us, as well as pico de gallo, guac and sour cream. This place was packed you can tell the food is fresh. Oh my hubby ordered the bomba margarita it contained passion fruit and it was delicious we all had a taste. This is a fun place to go with friends and have a good time. There's mariachis on the weekend which added to the festive atmosphere. However they were a bit loud so I was kinda glad they stopped for a while so we could enjoy some good conversation. We have found our New Mexican restaurant even if it's a little drive from us.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/18/2014,24,5,7,9,8>7/27/2014 was my first **Wedding Anniversary** so... the wife and I wanted to start our day off with something special.  I visited OTC a few moths ago and was impressed by their beer selection, food, and service.  We arrived around 11:30 am for brunch, and they seated us immediately.  I would advise one to get there early because it appears to fill up fast.  Our server introduced himself and brought over two  tasty Mimosa's (FYI endless mimosas are available).  I am committing an injustice by not remembering my servers name because he was awesome: he was attentive, funny and gave us the best food recommendations.  So, to the appetizers: "Chef Anaya's tuna poke": please, please, please order this.  If you love seafood with every cell of your being you must have this dish.  This is quintessentially the best tuna I have ever eaten!  It was explained to me that they purchase the highest quality tuna. I liken the experience to eating a perfectly prepared rib eye.  The texture it's smooth, creamy and the sesame dressing is a perfect coupling.  My waiter recommended that I order the OTC  Benedict.  GREAT choice.  The two eggs came on a piece of home made bread with the crust cut off (Noice!) and was accompanied by perfect cut pork belly that was a pork lovers dream.  The really special part of the dish was the sun-dried tomato hollandaise sauce.  The sauce had a bit of a smokey flavor that made this one of the best tasting eggs Benedict I have ever had.  For desert we left it up to our waiter, and we were not disappointed.  He brought beignets: three of the beignets filled with chocolate, and the other three filled with dulce de leche.  Accompanying the beignets where two glass of ice cold strawberry milk that tasted like all natural strawberry milkshakes.  I have never been a fan of strawberry milk or really sweets in general but this was really perfect.  The beignets where not to sweet and the strawberry milk was hand made, refreshing, sweet and the perfect compliment to the desert. PERFECTION.Our hunger now completely satiated we sat back and enjoyed the ambiance: "hipster ultra chic" (*copyright pending*).  They have these tres cool hand tooled iron chandeliers that are holding these large, retro filament bulbs that give off this really nice warm glow.  I don't usually wax poetic but  it was a real hip vibe.  I really recommend the OTC.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,8/17/2014,266,84,9,17,14>Is it worth the hype? Absolutely! !!!!!!!From start to finish,  the food, drinks,ambiance and service was on point. Service: outstanding. Every one, even the people in the kitchen,  will greet you as you pass by. All the wait staff is attentive, even if you aren't "their table. " Our waitress was knowledgeable on everything on the menu and was attentive to any question or concern. The owner came up and introduced himself,  which was a great touch. Ambiance: very cool. You feel super sophisticated walking in their with the red carpet. Lighting ia meticulously done and decorations fit the theme. Drinks: Best mojito I have ever had. Their old fashioned and archangel are absolutely delicious as well. The alcohol they use is not cheapy anything and it is definitely generous, but the tastes are mixed perfectly and its never overwhelming. Great variety of drinks and their wines are also superb.  Food: To be honest, we went in just for drinks but I have never seen a menu with so many delicious things to try. Food is served to share and comes to thr table as it's ready,  which I really enjoyed. We had the serrano croquettes and I was blown away. Absolute delicious. We also shared the waygu steak and were equally as impressed. Fear not though, we also left room for dessert. This chocolate hazelnut piece of goodness was the perfect ending to the meal and although we were told it may be overwhelmingly sweet for some, it was just right. Prohibition lives up to its reputation and I cannot wait to go back after their official opening. If I enjoyed it so much while it's still incomplete,  Yelp might need to let me give it more stars!
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/16/2014,423,372,8,12,12>Wow Prost! I'm extremely impressed with the food and even more so with the service! The staff was so friendly and welcoming & just straight up proud of what they were serving. Everyone from the chefs to the wait and bar staff were knowledgable on what they were serving up. I was lucky enough to get to check out Prost the night before their opening. I'm not the hugest sausage fan, but I can honestly say I was blown away. The chicken sausage was topped with Gruyere & apple, with a hint of sweet mustard. Simply amazing. Another hit was the duck chorizo. This was quite surprising even to me, since I'm not a huge duck person. But the homemade duck chorizo, topped with chilies, mustard and peppers, was out of this world!Everything is made in house. Everything. They even make up and can their own Vienna sausages! If they start to sell these to-go, I have a co-worker who's going to be one happy girl when I bring her a tin! This was a pre-opening event, so they had tons of bites floating around to allow us to sample most of the menu. So sample I did. My other top fav was the flatbread with a softened Munster cheese, mustard and pearl onions. Yeas, it's just as yummy as it sounds. And of course, just when you think you can't eat another bite... Here comes tiny lil' apple strudels! I know what you're thinking of apple strudel, but wait! They strudels were topped with a ginger infused sweetened condensed milk! Suddenly, we weren't that full after all.Prost is going to blow up on the Brickell scene, so get over there and check it out or your tummy will be very sad. This is just the variety Miami needs. Way to rock it Prost!
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,8/15/2014,87,44,5,9,6>If you are looking for quick, honest and reliable My Locksmith-Miami is the company to call. They are timely and professional. The price is also average- bordering on low.I used this company for the first time today while I was in the middle of a really crappy situation. My car battery was dead and needed to be replaced. Normally it wouldn't be that big of a deal except the car battery was so very dead that my remote access didn't work. When I tried to insert the key in the door, the lock was jammed and wouldn't allow the key to fully insert. I had no access to my car and therefore had no way to pop the hood and remove the battery. Sooo.. I had to call a locksmith. Eli showed up in less then thirty minutes and was quite the sight for sore eyes. What a hunk! Ironically enough, my car pulled its last little bit of energy and unlocked as he was getting out of his truck. Eli helped me jump start my battery and then was nice enough to follow me to Autozone, making sure I got there alright. All in all, this was an extremely positive experience. I don't have family in south FL and it was really nice having someone friendly help out during a frustrating, stressful situation.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,8/14/2014,92,65,13,23,18>I felt compelled to write a review for obvious reasons...A taste of India in Pinecrest Village. Who knew right?I've been coming here for what it seems like many years. It's one of my favorite restaurants in South Florida. Their high quality cooking standards keep me coming back for more. Tucked away in a strip mall, sits this neighborhood gem. There are other places to eat around there but my tastebuds beg me for Indian cuisine every time I enter that mall or even think of Pinecrest. The restaurant itself is very small but rather quite intimate. The ambiance is soothing, nicely dimmed and pretty :) with loungy Indian music playing all around, softly. I brought my special lady for her birthday on a Saturday (I strongly suggest you make reservations). She had never had Indian food before and to my delight, she was open to it! So I felt I had to bring her to Imlee's for her first experience at authentic Indian cuisine. We were sat immediately in the most intimate corner table available enjoying the sight and sounds of the fountain and music alike while sipping on a glass of wine. For starters we ordered Vegetable Samosas. A pastry packed with potatoes, peas, herbs and spices. Delicious especially if accompanied with tamarind sauce. Tip: ask for it cause it does not come with it.Rogan Josh is exquisitely prepared. It is one of Imlee's specialties. An aromatic, flavorful, spicy, curry braised lamb dish cooked until tender. My mouth is watering as I write this... It is definitely not gamey tasting or gamey smelling. Big enough for two people to share.Chicken Tikka Masala never fails me here. Roasted chunks of chicken in a spicy creamy yogurt based orangy/reddish sauce with a hint of zest baked in a tandoor oven. Garnished with fresh cilantro. Mmmmmmm love me some cilantro :P It is also a great dish for those new to Indian food. You can ask for all white meat as well for an upcharge.Service was great. In fact, service has always been great for me. They're all team players so just grab one of them and ask for what you need. Don't get pissy just because they are not committed to your table 100%. The food more than makes up for what they might lack in service. Imlee's is worth it! Give it a try.Reservations were made via OpenTable and we were sat right away. I also used a Groupon and was treated just the same as anyone else... with respect and professionalism. I've never encountered a problem in either area. In fact, they don't care about the Groupon until after you're done with your meal. Get your Groupon and LivingSocial deals cause this place can be a bit pricey but soooooo worth it!Mmmmmmmm I need my Indian fix now!!!
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,8/13/2014,72,93,5,8,7>I always browse Yelp to find new places to eat, and even though I've lived in Kendall for the majority of my life, I always drive by this place on a regular, with little regard that it even existed. I came across it's amazing reviews on Yelp and after quickly deciding to come eat here, I realized where my GPS was taking me. Right around the corner from my house!!As I walked in, I was immediately impressed. It was cute, quaint, and it's decor was extremely detailed to fit the Italian theme. So let's see if their food does the same...My husband and I sat down pretty quickly on Saturday night at 7pm. To start off, we wanted the Mozzarella Caprese, but my hopes we're immediately let down when the waitress said they were out. What? Interesting. It took us a minute to browse the menu, but I had finally decided to order true authentic italian food: Bruschetta to start and then the Lasagna and my husband the Spaghetti and Meatballs. Bruschetta was amazing! Very fresh tomatoes and the oil drizzled on was just the right amount. Perfect. Then the lasagna came out, it was just ok. Felt the lasagna was a bit burnt on the top and the Parmesan cheese on top was from a store bought bottle, not fresh. But overall it was good. But nothing to write home about. My husband loved his meal. Thought everything was perfectly done. We decided to skip dessert this time around, but overall our experience was quite pleasant. Nice to have a nice italian place in the neighborhood, that we plan on coming back to!
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,8/12/2014,24,74,7,9,9>What a great new addition to the area! Yesterday with some friends we decided to go to new places in our area and our last stop was Bunbury!What a great little place! In summary:Decor: it has an eclectic feel. Bits and pieces from all styles and types. However it works well, it has a comfy feel to it and it makes you feel just right. The place has though into it and I like that...Service: the girls that work there are super cool, extremely helpful and they know the place and the menu well. The recommendations we got were on point and all very well paired together. At the end we all felt like we had gone there many times before. That is how friendly and welcoming they all are in thereFood: we only had some Empanadas. But let me tell you that we kept on asking for more and more of the same. They are Argentinian style baked empanadas and they were DELICIOUS!I saw them serve some delicious salads and samplers to the tables near us and everything looked amazing! Must come back to try the rest of the menu for sure!Liquor: They only do Beer and Wine. This time we  only did Beer. However, very impressed with the wine selection. We were highly recommended "Cerveza Victoria" from Mexico. It was just the perfect  compliment to out Brie, prosciutto and mushroom empanadas! Later I tried "Mahou" from Spain. Another great beer.They have a private parking lot and there is public parking available.Once you are ready to leave, the check will come inside an actual book! Cool touch...Its a great place to go with friends for a night out filled with great food, beer & wine, great music (amazing DJ, who happens to be a bad ass girl) and great ambiance.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,8/11/2014,41,124,3,10,7>Honored (and surprised) to be writing first review for this very experienced and long-established company, that provides ONLY metal roofing.  They do one thing and they do it well.  Whenever there is a company with few reviews, I am always skeptical when I read a 5-star review, but as I'll explain below, it's legit. This spring (April/May 2014) I had an aluminum metal roof installed on my 1-story residence.  Because the house is directly on salty (brackish) water, aluminum was the only way to go (otherwise rust is a major issue).  I did a LOT of research before going with MET: (i) I read online roofing forum metalroofing.com and asked experts questions, (ii) I consulted with out-of-area contractors to get referrals in the north Dade area, (iii) I called the customer service of the people who manufacture the actual metal to see who they sold the most product to in SoFla, (iv) I did a sunbiz.org check to check for a long-established company (not one that goes bankrupt every few years to avoid warranties), (v) I did a myfloridalicense.com check (to ensure current licensure and complaint history), (v) I used my lawyer skills to do a search of court records to see if the companies I was interviewing had been sued in the county, and (vi) I researched the County "NOA" (notice of acceptance) for information about how the job would be installed, materials used, wind tests on the product, etc. etc. After all that background work I visited several past jobs from a "resume" that was several times larger than the competition's, and what I saw clinched it.Why so much research?  I knew replacing a roof was going to be an expensive project (tens of thousands of dollars), so I had to make sure it was done right and wouldn't need to be done again: probably in the rest of my lifetime - or until my house and the rest of Florida, is under water.The job went exactly as described.  Major Threlkeld (the owner) personally measured the job and prepared the quote, which really distinguished MET from the other candidates from the get-go.  Major also visited multiple times during the work.  The tear-off was completed in 2 days with the help of a 12-person crew and 2 dumpsters.  The crew was a great group of guys - no communication issues and they got everything to the point where it was rain-safe quickly.  A layer of fireproofing, a layer of "30-lb" paper, and then a few weeks to meticulously install the aluminum (which is shaped off of a roll, cut to size, and then installed by crimping the entire length of each sheet of shaped metal on the roof).  Special shout-out to Lazzaro who was outstanding, and a real "artist" when it comes to metal roofing and related woodwork.I know many people in the market to get a new roof are usually not in a happy mood: there is usually an emergency: a leak, or even a roof caving in.  I was fortunate to not be in such a state when I got my quotes, which was a real luxury in allowing me to do all the crazy research I described above (research which literally took months).  The price I paid for the job was exactly in line with the competition, and I got the most experienced contractor for that same price.  Metal costs more than tile, but has greater longevity, is more ENERGY-efficient and has offers way better wind and water protection.  It also lasts longer and is less maintenance (less of that black mold tiles always get annually), so the difference in cost is easily made up over the decades-long life span.  I'm happy to be added to MET's lengthy "resume" of work performed, and look forward to "converting" others away from concrete tile (which are basically hundreds of little future hurricane-projectiles on every house - metal should be mandatory and tile outlawed).  As one of my neighbors said to me last week: "your roof is the envy of the neighborhood."  What more can I say, except 5-stars.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,8/10/2014,136,69,6,14,9>Delicious brunch! :-)I have always passed by this spot and have been wanting to go. Finally a got a chance to come for brunch here with my best friend. We were starving and it was about 1pm and thankfully this brunch lasts until 4pm!! Perfect for the late risers! My best friend ordered a latte- which she loved!, and a frittata. The frittata had mushrooms, peppers, chorizo, potatoes, cheese and an arugula salad on top. She loved it and ate the whole thing like a true fatso!I ordered the '3 organic eggs your way' filled with tomatoes and chorizo. It came with potatoes and bread. It was so delicious- I loved it. And the potatoes had a bit of a spicy seasoning on them. I love eggs and potatoes for breakfast and this really hit the spot. I also ordered the brioche french toast, out of curiosity (and a great photo i saw on my yelp app). The french toast were so thick and fluffy. They were served with strawberries and cinnamon butter. Let me tell you about this cinnamon butter! I need to find me some of this because it paired so well with the french toast. My meal was great and the environment of the hotel was great, although next time I would've liked to sit outside and not in some tight little corner.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,5/31/2014,72,93,2,8,9>Had been driving by this place for a while and have always thought "hmmm I should try it" but then you think, what could possibly make this place different than the other Cuban places around South Florida? We'll let me tell you, I was kind of blown away by how good their food was. We walked in on a Friday at 11:45am, right before lunch time, and boy was this place packed! The ordering is fast-food style. Even though it was packed, we made our way up to the register quickly. My husband and I both ordered their "famous" Pan Con Bistec with everything on it, with a side order of fries and 3 ham croquettes. The fries and croquettes were pretty good, but the Pan Con Bistec was AMAZING! The steak was seasoned well and flavorful. I wish they had the sandwich a bit bigger bc I felt I gobbled it up in 3 bites. The food wasn't greasy, like most Cuban places. And the food is also cheap. For our entire meal, it was about $16. They have specials during the week: Mondays they have $3 Pan Con Bistec and I believe the Frita is $2 on Wednesday? But don't quote me on the day. After our meal, we grabbed a bag of Churros and Cafecitio for the road. Both very good! I hear their Flan is fantastic but will try it next time I come back. Great little lunch spot! Wish they would open one up in Doral where I work, would be there all the time.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,5/30/2014,88,31,5,7,5>While waiting at the bar, I asked for a wine menu but the blonde girl behind the bar couldn't understand me... So I checked in on yelp and saw the 2 Bellini drink offer and showed the barman the pic on my phone and without hesitation he gave us the free drinks. It felt like we never waited long. I noticed the restaurant was occupied mainly by men... And they were all (it seemed so), salivating at my date. We were ushered over to a private table and were given garlic bread with butter immediately and offered water. Our waitress was Lorena S. She did not push specials, chat too much or annoy me. She was Very Professional. She was intuitive, subtle, on hand and just a complete pleasure. I wish all waitresses were as Professional (see review on sugarcane). The chicken Marsala came out warm and was delicious. The lamb pasta was one of the most exquisite dishes I've ever had and I noticed the chef kept the unique textures going with the perfect al- dente pasta. I found the experience to be perfect for a romantic dinner. The music was well chosen, the ambience so romantic and our server was so subtle. We'll definitely go again and yes I'll recommend it. I think the 25 min wait was worth it. I always say... There's a reason why it's so busy... Because it's so good.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,5/29/2014,168,261,5,7,6>How can I possibly start this review other than saying the word: Wow. Located on N. River drive from the outside street this place looks like a dark warehouse. On the inside (Step in side, walk this way - Def Leppard) South Beach meets the River as white fabric and wooden tables surround both the inside and outside areas. The decor is stunning, but eating on the outside deck is a MUST! Covered area watching the boats & yachts pass by is priceless. Drinks: Lychee Martini. Refreshing and powerful. Rum Punch, eh, it's ok. What's for food? Get the Melo Tartar - tuna and salmon on a bed of arugula topped with fresh avocado paste. Yeah, that good! Chilean Sea Bass - not your average fish from a chain restaurant. Nope, this is a healthy size portion baked in a casserole with thin potatoes in a butter & wine sauce. BTW, you'll get it served in the same casserole. Feeling clammy? Try the mussels, also a healthy sized portion in an awesome garlic / butter / wine sauce.Dessert: Coconut Mango. Yes, this vanilla and mango ice cream is served on an actual mango with coconut flakes and berries. The service is what you expect from a trendy restaurant so I won't knock them for never bringing me the bread even though I asked for it twice. Although it looked delicious perhaps it was the restaurant's way of telling us we've had enough carbs for the weekend. Oh, last thing...if anyone offers to pay the bill LET THEM! It's certainly a pretty penny. 4 stars. Food & ambiance is awesome, but the service needs an improvement. Didn't really feel welcomed especially after spending that kind amount of money. Would love to return, if you're paying.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,5/28/2014,40,16,10,11,8>Best new add to the neighborhood in months. Great diverse menu.  This is a gastropub... more like we are accustomed to in the Northeast, or more recently in Wynwood.. but on 79th street?  Yeah, baby.   This strip is on the rebound and Tap 79 may just be the tipping point.  I happened to be driving by and noticed it was open so decided to give it a try.. very friendly staff.. I sat at the unusually deep bar... a full page list of wines and beers starts things off.. I went German, of course.   Everything I saw come out of the kitchen looked delicious and I regretted being a bar stool of 1, as I wanted to try it all. .  but I opted for the arancini de riso to start.. a nice touch with a sliver of scallion (and caviar?) on top, and a gooey surprise in the middle.. a bold sauce with a subtle heat helped them jump to the "must have these again" list..   and when in doubt about judging the kitchen of a new resty, I go for the burger... here, I had the bacon bleu on an artisanal roll, fresh mesclun on the side, perfect sweet potato fries  (no coating, just the tender flesh of yam).  The burger itself seemed freshly ground, flavorful, just the right char on the outside, just the right level of moo on the inside for me... slices of thick cut bacon and a literal slab of bleu cheese topped it, with caramelized onions and other sumptuous delights.   get it?  It was delicious!  so it passes the burger test.. they also offer them in the chicken and veggie varieties...  so then I passed out and left.. but I will be back.  Soon.  .  SO I'm holding that 5th star till I try more items, but the chances look good!The only thing I would change?   The green rope lighting under the bar... no one looks good in green light except Elphaba... and she didn't have a choice.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,5/27/2014,108,99,6,10,7>I started coming to this dojo about 4 years ago, when looking for something different for my son to do in the summer.  My son was 7 at the time, and had a few friends doing martial arts, so he wanted to give it a try.  He had a great time in summer camp, and when school started, I asked him if he wanted to continue doing martial arts.  He did, and I asked him where he wanted to go.  I told him that it was very important that he picked the place, because he has to like the instructors, the dojo and the other students.  Keep in mind, he has seen other dojo's where his friends go, and he chose to come to MHMMA.   As a parent, I was certainly nervous about him starting to train for the obvious reasons, but as I became more familiar with the curriculum, the instructors and the program, I was more at ease with everything.  I saw him progress over the years, I am very proud of the self-discipline, the respect, and all the positive aspects that come along with training in self-defense.  So much so, that after watching him for 3 years, I finally made the commitment myself and have been training for the past year.  As you can imagine, being an adult and starting to train in mixed martial arts at a not-so-young age, I had a bunch of concerns, especially about not getting injured.   The instructors are very concerned with safety and this is very important for students of all ages.Grand Master Hanshi Moti Horenstein is a legend.  Starting to train at a very young age, he has dedicated his life to Martial Arts and Self Defense.  He has held several World Titles and Championships, and received a Guinness record for most bats broken in 60 seconds.  Try breaking a baseball bat with your shin!  The dojo is a "Black Belt School" and is very focused on setting realistic goals, and helping all students to achieve their goals, in and out of the dojo. The curriculum offers so much in a lot of martial arts styles, from Krav Maga / Hisardut (survival), to Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai and Kickboxing.  They teach you how to become more aware of your surroundings, and skills that you will learn to save your life.  The structure of the classes are very situational, so not only do you learn proper techniques, but also the practical aspect behind it.  They offer many classes, morning and evening, and on Saturdays too, so there are no excuses if you think you don't have the time! :)  From a price perspective, they do offer a lot of different packages to accommodate your needs/budget.  What I like is that they do not charge for testing / belts, its included with the classes.  There do charge for equipment (as needed) which is pretty much standard anywhere.  Overall, I found the cost to be inline with other schools in the area, and in some ways better.  They also do offer discounts for siblings, family packages and family classes too.  The most important part of this dojo, aside from the awesome training are the people.  Not just the instructors, but everyone, the students, the parents, it really is a big family.  Everyone helps each other and wants the best for one another.  This is very important, because what we learn is not just how to come in and take a class and leave, but really how to train properly, how to help and learn from each other, how to be better people, and very important life lessons that could one day save our lives.  I have made a lot of new friends and we are always motivating each other to be better and become better people.  I really cant say enough positive things about this dojo.  It has changed my life and become my home away from home.  I truly believe my son is better person because of his involvement at the dojo, so much so that my daughter is now enrolled.  He is on the junior demonstration team, and performs in demonstrations in and out of the dojo.  He recently earned his Junior Black Belt and my daughter just earned her orange belt.  Whether you are looking to get in shape, stay in shape, boot-camps, or really make the commitment in Martial Arts, you will find what you are looking for here. Hanshi Moti and all the other instructors are all awesome and will help you to achieve your goals.  Come in and take a trial class, you wont be disappointed.  OSU!
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,5/26/2014,136,69,8,14,8>A few months ago, for some reason, this spot had some sort of CRAZY hype. Almost everyone I knew was "instagramming" their Nutella french toasts from here and hashtagging brunch time and all that typical stuff. Although it is a great brunch spot, it would just get so so full on the weekends and I am not a fan of waiting 1hr + to be seated :-( ...especially when I'm starving! So i wouldn't go much, buuuuuut......Now that their hype has died down a bit, I've decided to frequent this spot for brunch. Our wait time was 20-30 minutes, but we ended up waiting less than 15 mins. We were told that they would text us when our table was ready. They first sent a text with our wait time and a link; we were monitoring how many parties we had ahead of us with a link we were given. When we received the text, we showed it to the hostess and were directed to a table. Our server wasn't much of a talker but he was nice. I ordered the scrambles eggs with jerk spices and my fellow foodie best friend ordered a feta cheese and spinach omelet. Both of our meals came with potatoes and our choice of bread. I asked the server to add sausage to my entree, and apparently their was a miscommunication of some sort because my eggs came with pieces of sausage cooked in it. I didn't mind or tell the server- for what? the eggs were still delicious! We also ordered the Nutella-stuffed french toast to share. We loved our meals, as usual. I love their eggs with jerk spices!! I look forward to making more stops here for brunch since their meals are great and their wait time is now reasonable!
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,5/25/2014,944,946,10,18,14>Putting a giant footprint on Miami's cultural map, the Perez Art Museum Miami (PAMM) opened to the public this week.  Located right on Biscayne Bay in the (soon) to-be-finished Museum Park, PAMM is a gorgeous building showcasing some truly awesome works of modern and contemporary art.The building alone is worth a visit though.  With windows located strategically throughout the galleries, you can get glimpses of the city beyond the walls - including some of the best views of Downtown around!  Definitely a unique feature not seen in most museums.And let's not forget the hanging garden out along the water, or the soon-to-be-opened "front porch" area.  Beautiful views, chairs for lounging, and the newest Stephen Starr restaurant serving up bites and drinks - Verde.  A unique and definitively Miami feature of the new space.PAMM is a great addition to the city, and worthy of multiple visits.  Parking can be a challenge during the ongoing construction, so the Metro Mover is the way to go, especially since the newly-christened Museum Park station is now open.  And admission is free for all Miami-Dade County residents through the weekend (Dec. 8th) - what are you waiting for?
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,5/24/2014,89,63,5,9,7>I heard great things about this place and decided to check it out on a Sunday for brunch.  I arrived a little before one and the place was packed! You have the option of sitting outside on the wraparound porch or inside. Thankfully, my group didn't mind sitting inside, so we were seated on the second floor right away. Anyone wanting to sit outside had to wait a while. The food was absolutely spectacular. A little pricey? Maybe. But the quality of the food was great and being able to brunch in Wynwood is pretty cool, especially since you can catch local artists painting on the walls. I ordered the French toast, which I could not finish. The serving was HUGE! I tried the chicken and waffles sandwich. AH-MAY-ZING! And then shared a pitcher of mimosa. I found the pitcher to be a bit expensive ($30 I think) since you can pay a little less for unlimited mimosas at other brunch places. I definitely will be returning to try out their lunch menu.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,5/23/2014,391,130,11,15,9>I love cakes either by the slice or in cupcake form.  I have to say before the cupcake frenzy there was a limited choice in places where you can buy a cake that was not rum based.   I have tried a couple of cupcake places that I consider very good, but after a while their different flavors start tasting the same. When I learned about this place from another cupcake frenzied yelper I could not contain myself and visited the very next day to have a taste of these wonderful cupcakes.  Could this be the place where I can actually order a birthday cake without having to succumb to a rum infused cake?I went overboard and got 8 cupcakes, but I had to know if this was the place where I could purchase delicious cakes without being limited to a few choices in the cake flavor or  custom design.1) Red velvet: This cupcake was moist and authentic to what a red velvet should taste like.  Cream cheese frosting is  the real deal.2) Death by Chocolate:  Moist and chocolaty goodness.  3) Smores: Moist and has a nice chocolate ganache like frosting with marshmallow4) Cookie Dough: Good, but not my favorite. To be fair I am not a cookie dough fan5) Maple Bacon:  This was delicious.  The bacon was not overpowering.  Its a French toast breakfast in a cupcake. My 2nd favorite6) Guava: Very good7) Café Con leche (I am Cuban this choice was a no brainer) It has a nice coffee flavor which isn't overpowering.  8) Carrot Cake Very goodMy favorite: Death by Chocolate2nd place Maple Bacon3rd place Red Velvet and Café con LecheI finally found what I have been looking for.  The cupcakes were all delicious and distinct from one another.  Another plus was the service.  I was greeted with a smile by Milly which I am assuming is the owner.  She  was informative on their selection of flavors, desserts, cake pops, cookies and they also provide dessert tables for special events. This is a definite winner, if you love cupcakes don't wait another minute and give them a try.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,5/22/2014,211,57,10,16,13>Wow! Malanga Cafe really brought back memories of my childhood. The whole decor screams Cuba. There is even a restaurant in Havana called La Bodeguita del Medio which traditionally encourages patrons to write their names on the walls as a permanent record of their visit.  This place seems to have the same tradition. Moving to what matters the most...the food!! We decided to start off with an appetizer.  Even though we were not very hungry we were seduced by the many choices available so we decided to try a few things. Our Cuban Nacho appetizer was a creative Cuban version of a Nacho but it was ingeniously layered on a bed of tostones. What else can you ask for? Delicious shredded pork plus tostones and cheese...match made in Heaven.  My fiancé decided to follow the multiple positive reviews mentioning the famous Pan con Lechon and after trying it myself I must say that their claim about it being the best Pan con Lechon in Miami may just be true. It was a massive sandwich and the meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection, tender, juicy and just mouth watering. At the end the only words that came out of his mouth were: " it wasn't big enough!" I was was very surprised to hear that since when the sandwich first arrived at the table he said: "what's this monstrosity?"  I guess that says it all. My vaca Frita was also perfectly cooked and I really enjoyed but this time the award for best food selection goes to my fiancé. His food was a great choice.  What else can be said about this place? Service was excellent and I can't wait to go back which saddens me deeply since my healthy life style does not approve of such abuse on a regular basis. I do promise to go back...soon...very soon.
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,11/23/2012,261,422,8,5,6>I'm far from a comic book aficionado. I don't even think I've ever read one from front to back, but as a kid I remember collecting them (for the artwork).  My Silver Surfer, Spidey and X-Men game is thick. Lost Realms might not even be the name of this store anymore because I keep seeing something called Docking Bay 94 in the same location. 99.9% of the world's population would have no idea what that name means, but for those who aren't in the know, it's a docking bay in Mos Eisley (Star Wars). Talk about obscure geek references.But geek is okay. Geeks don't waste tax payers money. Geeks don't pan handle. Geeks don't make your insurance premiums sky rocket. Geeks don't steal car radios. Geeks read comics and invent stuff like iPODs, Facebook and hack into the most sophisticated databases in the world.This past weekend I spent all of 15 minutes inside this store. I got my geek on. It felt good too because comic book stores are not pretentious like a lot of music stores. You won't find guys like Jack Black from High Fidelity questioning your every move. There are fanatics and then there are novice dudes. I happened to stop in there because I was in need of some protective pages for sports cards, yet another really geeky thing to be doing at my age. Geeks don't know the acronym YOLO but it applies for everything, even comic book store shopping.I'm a digger so when I go to places like record stores in NYC I can spend hours. I collect shit. Shit I can't take with me when I'm 6 feet deep, but for some reason my drug is collecting things. I'm not a hoarder. I don't collect garage sale shit. I collect shit that allows me to relive my wonder years. You smoke that sticky icky, I collect baseball cards and records. Too each his own.Anyways, this store is one of the few left. In fact, it may be the only comic store in a 50 mile radius. It provides an outlet to a specific demographic. Their actual comic selection isn't that deep and it looks that that Pokeman card stuff has taken over this culture. The store is literally filled with kids trading cards. The point of this review is, if you collect these cards or comics or just want a place to go to where you can look at comics and all that jazz-- this is it. Get your geek on and feel welcomed by the very friendly and helpful staff.It's okay to be a geek. They rule the world and created Yelp for us too!
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,11/22/2012,223,169,7,8,6>When my friend suggested this place for lunch today, I was excited to go because it's a new place in town.  Yet, I admit that I was a bit hesitant go to a place called "Royal Pig" given that I'm a pescatarian (huh?  to you hardcore meat lovers, that's a vegetarian who eats fish).  So yea, I was thrown off by the name.  But I was pleasantly surprise to find that they had a nice variety of salads and fish dishes on their menu.  I had the Sesame Seeded Tuna Over Greens and it was absolutely delish!  The tuna was done perfectly and thinly sliced over a bed of greens.The vibe was very much business-like being that it's in downtown Fort Lauderdale, but the décor was very much like an elegant pub.  Which means I can't wait to come back during happy hour. Speaking of happy hour -- I did take a peak at their Drink Menu ... and for you beer lovers (you know who you are), you will be happy to know that there are about 20 craft beers on draft.  With names like "Panic Attack" " and "Rogue Dead Guy Ale," their beers can probably kill you.  LOL.  But who's complaining.  I can't wait to get back on the sauce this weekend!
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,11/21/2012,16,77,2,10,5>Thai food is a murky course to choose. Cities are filled with such restaurants, the cuisine is varied enough for people to feel like warlords over their niche within thai cooking, and there's so much to love there's a lot at stake. Miami is filled with sushi/thai places that are all overpriced, usually do passable sushi & thai without doing either exceptionally, and have overblown atmosphere involving some combo of cocaine-fueled decorating, offensive sexualization of the wait staff, and bad club hits drowning out any potential human contact. Siam rice lays low the barbaric hordes of food trucks clammering at the gates to sell their drunken foodie fare. Firstly because it feels like a proper restaurant. People get off work and either sit or grab take out. You don't wear some crazy get up to go here. No one bothers you constantly or invents weird contraptions for your crumbs. This is a place where you eat, enjoy, and talk with friends. It's mindblowing that something so simple gets botched constantly so often in Miami (perhaps because the obsession with wealth reached such tragic proportions here for too long). Then the food is amazing, across the board. Their thai curries are rich and flavorful, but don't taste run of the mill. I can't put my finger on it, but they have their own unique touch. The softshell crab curry, when offered, is simply amazing! The combo of crunchy, creamy, spicey, and all the cooked roots and vegetables will give you good dreams. My favorite for noodles is drunken noodles and pad woo sen. You don't see pad woo sen that often (glass noodles with assorted vegetables) and theirs is delicately balanced with crisp fresh veggies. All their soups are great, but I have affection for getting their chicken rice soup when sick. I don't have enough space to talk about their peanut sauce, appetizers, duck, or whole fried fish. The sushi too is great from rolls to nigiri and sashimi. Generally I order the chirashi (sashimi on a bed of rice with some veggies) because it's a deal and because people who order chirashi usually do it for the fish, so you get fresh tasty fish. The fish is juicy and melts in your mouth. I've never eaten what I didn't think was quality there. The prices are not low, it's miami's overpriced environment, but cheaper than all the surrounding thai places (upper eastside, miami beach, downtown). The portions are ample. I usually have enough for lunch the next day. This is my favorite thai place both in terms of taste and comfortable atmosphere.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,11/20/2012,146,160,3,18,9>Next up, Grille 401.  This location has seen its number of restaurants pass through, the last of which being Rare, which I wrote a not so glowing review of.  Well, after a couple of years and a couple of different restaurants, I am finally enjoying eating at this location.I went for lunch on a Friday and enjoyed it so much went back Saturday night for dinner.  Both times we were greeted warmly by the hostess.  The restaurant is very nicely decorated yet casual and comfortable.  There are numerous booths and an upstairs area providing additional seating.  There is an awesome back lit wine display too.  The bar area appears to have some TVs and chic decor but I have not seen it.The fare here is contemporary American.  It is more upscale than typical pub food/comfort food.  For lunch I had a special gazpacho soup which I thought could have used a little more kick but I enjoyed it.  In fact, I ordered it the next night and this time it was a bit spicier.  It was a nice portion and well flavored and quite tasty.  I hope they make this a regular menu item.  For lunch I also had a special, grilled chicken sandwich.  It came with bibb lettuce, avocado and a flavored mayo.  The sandwich was one of the best chicken sandwiches I had in a while.  The Asian slaw served with it was also very good.  My coworker ordered the new england clam chowder and then a turkey sandwich which looked very good.  He enjoyed both his dishes.For dinner, I had the prime rib which was cooked to my liking and was tender juicy and not overly fatty.  They offer two sizes of prime rib which is nice.  The loaded baked potato I had with my prime rib was full of sour cream, chives, bacon, and the potato skin was salted.  It too was delicious.  My girlfriend had the chicken which was tender and spiced well.  A good sized portion, we were able to take some home.  For dessert we split a chocolate waffle which was light airy and a little different than the ever so popular flourless chocolate cake.  We both devoured it.Service both times for me has been excellent, even though the restaurant has been open a mere 3 weeks.  This space is rather large and when I ate at Rare I thought the waiters had too much ground together.  At Grille 401, it seems they have enough hands on board and work in a team like fashion to accommodate you.  Absolutely no service complaints.  Management even stopped by say hello.  The prices are a little high but not outrageous.  This is Las Olas and a nice atmosphere so I felt it was fairly priced.  Overall, I really have positive things to say about Grille 401 and plan to return.  I hope it continues to deliver at such a high level and finally close the revolving door on this location.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,11/19/2012,321,445,6,9,6>Yes, yes and yes.It's been several hours since I ate at Jaguar. I was so full, I couldn't think -- otherwise I would've done this review hours ago. I'm now again a functional human being, but I was in such food coma, I was euphoric and had no desire to be inside my body. I knew I should've done that astral projection workshop during that vacation in China.WHEN ~ Dinner on a Thursday night.WHERE ~ Located right next door to the Cocowalk parking garage, this restaurant is on a strip with many other restaurants and shops, about 18 minutes by car from Miami Beach. If you're a tourist with no car, the location is definitely accesible by bus from SoBe.WHY ~ We were basically wandering around looking for a place to eat. Now, when you're cuisine-greedy like me, you find 100 restaurants in one same place and nearly have a panic attack. "I really, REALLY wanna do this right, dammit!", I said as I bit my own arm in a parallel reality. Contrarily and contrastingly in this scenario, if a Bob Marley song could be a person, it would be my best friend Edwin: happy, carefree and spacing out every 30 seconds. If it were for him, we would've ended up at the Cheesy Cake Factory. No, that wasn't a typo.WHO ~ The hostess and (presumably) manager were very welcoming, but our server was truly a star server, Melida (or Nelida?). She constantly checked on us and took her time to explain every single dish and answered our questions. Her recommendations were also spot on, and she just had a great, warm attitude and was always very timely.WHAT ~ THE BILL:1 Quilmes beer @ $61 Pisco Passion martini @ $91 shared Ceviche Spoon Sampler @ $131 shared Crab & Seafood cream soup @ $61 Jaguar's Famous Angus Cheeseburger entrée @ $131 Swordfish A Lo Macho entrée @ $241 Palomas de Cajeta dessert @ $7.50+ Tax @ $6.29_____________________________________________= $84.79 plus tipHOW ~ How, you ask? Well, DUH with a 'D' for DELICIOUS! 1) The barback brought a complimentary basket of purple tortilla chips, plantain chips and some kind of crackery chips with a very mildly spicy dipping sauce. Watch yourself... The crunch is addictive and I know this was ultimately my excess. They also bring you a large and elegant bottle of complimentary water and two small glasses. Considering many of their dishes are spicy, this is a smart thing to do.2) Ceviche 6 Spoon Sampler -- 6 big porcelain spoons are the best way to make sure you order a ceviche you really want. The downside is the ceviche full portions are only 8oz. But if you sort of crave ceviche, but want a larger entrée, this is a great way to do it. If sharing, I suggest to leave the spoons on the plate just where they are, and both people can just use their forks. They were all great, but the tuna ceviche was superb.3) Crab and seafood cream soup -- So good! My friend and me knew we were eating way too much, so we shared a bowl. Great creamy soup.4) Pisco Passion (Martini?) -- Well, it's served in a martini glass, at least. It contains some kind of agave liquor and passion fruit juice. AMAZING! I later read it contains egg also, but it does NOT taste like egg at all. Refreshing, fruity, not overly sweet with such a nice thick foam on top!5) Swordfish A Lo Macho -- "A lo macho" is right! It's a generous portion that is also quite spicy; so if you're not a "macho", girl, your mascara's gonna run. The fish was very fresh and came in a spicy sauce with calamari and shrimp on top and white rice with mixed vegetables on the side. It really is a big portion, so consider this if you plan to order it.6) Jaguar's Famous Angus Cheeseburger -- Holy Cow! [Pun intended] It's really a ginormous burger! I didn't taste it, but my friend was making sex faces as he ate it, so it must've been great. He ordered it cooked medium and it came exactly as ordered, with chunks of chorizo sausage inside and lots of crunchy fried onions rings, home-made chips and chipotle ketchup on the side. His portion was surely even larger than mine. 7) Palomas de Cajeta -- Again, HUGE dessert, and decadent! I usually don't love ordering desserts with dulce de leche, because they're usually overly sweet, but this one is amazing! It's bananas and whipped cream inside of two large folded crepes with drizzled dulce de leche and crunchy fresh walnuts on top, and a scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side.It's a bit more expensive that other places in Miami for Peruvian food, I agree with some reviewers; but you're also paying for a location in an area where you can bar hop before or after dinner if you want to, where you have parking and can safely walk. If you add great food and service, I'd say it's a decent equation that you can maybe do once in a while.But I'm telling ya', watch out for those chips or you'll be sorry...!
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,11/18/2012,969,161,20,23,18>Before he was laid-off, Andrés, a foreman that was negatively impacted by the economic downturn, used to bring food as his contribution to family functions. With bills piling up and no market for his skills, his loved ones encouraged him to bet everything he had on a taco...or rather ten of them. Now he owns a small, no frills eatery that does one thing and does it with Southwest Mexican swagger. These are his offerings --  Basic: If you're not ready to jump in the deep-end start with these.Bistek/Steak is lightly seasoned then grilled.Campechano/Pulled pork is tossed with crunchy pork rinds.Maciza/Pork leg that all locals order at least one ofPollo/Chicken never had it but with all the attention paid to the others, must be perfect.Advanced: Just like if you went poking around your parent's bedroom, you might find something you don't like. The offal section of the menu is anything but awful and will satisfy more mature palates.  Buche/Pig stomach is Andres' favorite and is full of irregular pieces but also the most savory.Cuerito/Braised pork skin is shiny, gelatinous and saucier than the rest.Lengua/Tongue that chews like pork, tastes like beef squared. Oreja/Pig ear is fatty, chewy with a milder pork flavor.  Surtida/MIxed is essentially putting the whole pig through a grinder.Tripa/tripe has the texture of calamari, yet absorbs what its cooked in.You can purchase any of the above by the pound ($14) or half pound ($7) and includes tortillas and all the fixins.Condiments: there's only cilantro, chopped onions and sauce, which will have some customers saying 'dassit?' faster than this guy --youtube.com/watch?v=MPct…As Patty, the server and owner's niece, once pointed out --"If the meat is bad it can't hide under cheese, sour cream or guacamole...you'll know."Spice up your taco with tomatillo based salsa verde (mild or hot), Serrano-based salsa roja (mild or hot), Habanero sauce (hot) or commercially produced picante like Cholula (medium) and Tapatío (medium).Beverages: Horchata (cinnamon-flavored rice milk), Jarritos (assorted soft drinks from Guadalajara), Mexican Coke (made with real sugar), Sangria Senorial (non-alcoholic soda) or Zephyrhills (Florida's finest tap water).If you went bonkers in this place and ordered the whole menu you could feed 3 people for 20 bucks (tax + 15% tip included) and it better be cash as they don't accept plastic. Like Jean-Claude Camille François van Varenberg had to shorten his name to Jean-Claude van Damme, I had to shorten it's name to Carnitas Michoacán. Whatever you call it, give it a chance and you'll never bother trekking north to Davie or South to Homestead for 'real Mexican' again.
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,11/17/2012,757,426,7,5,6>And, begin...I was out celebrating Cinco De Mayo and The Wolfe suggested this "new" bar, located where Starbucks used to be in the heart of Coconut Grove. Adjacent to Johnny Rockets. Good stuff. 1. Cool decor, layout, color schemes, and design. Score. 2. I love the connectivity to this bar / lounge, you can enter on one side and duck out another, on an entirely different block. Excellent if you want to duck out the back / front to make a rapid escape (which I often do). Very cool. Score. 3. Ordered the hummus with the bromance and it exceed expectation, especially priced at $6. Score. Nice presentation, too. They put some thought into the menu and the loungey fare, and I saw an "executive chef" identified on the menu. 4. Marcelo / Marcus, our bartender, was a wealth of info about their specials and whatnot, and he bought us a festive shot of tequila. Score. 5. I love the artwork (check my Pinterest boards to see more) and the whole gig, looking forward to checking the place out on a busy evening. Loungey leather chairs throughout is a-nice, too. Score. 6. Chicken Tacos (2) were a happy hour special and came beautifully presented and totally delicious for $6. Very filling. Wish I had two right now! Score! Cabeza Out
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,11/16/2012,420,662,12,11,13>Gyms, much like their well-intentioned members, come in all shapes, sizes and personalities. Some are beefy, loud and oversexed. Still others, cheap, stuffy and uncomfortable.But the best kind are motivated, friendly and well-endowed. See Sanctuary 7 for just such a gym.This specialty spot primarily offers pilates and spinning in a calm, secluded studio off Brickell Ave. I was lucky enough to try both (on the same day - go me). Pilates, for noobs, is a mat-based exercise somewhat similar to yoga, and Sanctuary's classes are based around a particular goal, like, "connect legs to abs" or "flatten and lift". The Saturday AM class is about loosening your legs - JIC you wanna head to spinning straight after. You should. The Pilates instructor was chill and totes helpful. I felt the burn.And spinning. Ohhhhh spinning. An hour of the sweetest torture. First timers - prepare yourselves. It's not for the faint of heart. Shawn (instructor of the Saturday AM spin class), a motivator if there ever was one, will push you. Hard enough you'll soak yourself in sweat, burn off those regrettable greasy eats and thank the lord you've got two good legs. You'll hear tunes like "Welcome to the Terror Dome", "I'm Sexy and I Know It" and other heart-pumping surprises to keep you jumping, sprinting and spinning. And when your uber-intense hour is over - you'll feel so. damn. good. You'll pat yourself on the back and declare yourself the new Lance Armstrong. And you should, because you're that awesome. Thanks to Shawn.So if you're looking to get your ass kicked, Sanctuary 7 is your jam. Your saggy glutes and flabby abs will thank you.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,11/15/2012,137,116,2,13,9>I find it to be somewhat of an issue that I cannot seem to get this place out of my head.  Like I seriously cannot wait to go back (and I've already been twice during the 2 weeks they've been open).I'm not typically a buffet person, but I make exceptions for excellence!  I first heard about Santo's after my parents sang its praises... and a few hours later I found myself oohing and aahing over the place as well.  The atmosphere reminds me of a smaller scale, trendy Vegas style buffet.  The food is fantastic- specifically the sushi selection.  The sashimi and sushi pieces are all super fresh and the rolls are delicious.  There are tons to choose from and they go way beyond your typical California or JB options.The seafood bar is stocked with crab legs, lobster claws, peel & eat shrimp, and oysters- all of which are of good quality.If you're not into slinging back seafood, there are plenty of other choices for you.  The carving station has a yummy NY strip along with other meats to delve into.  There are lots and lots of other Asian influenced entree selections like pineapple chicken and their delicious fried rice.  Several cold salads are also offered and there are soups too (the lobster bisque is tasty- insider tip: add some of the claw met from the seafood bar to it).And then there's a whole section of fried goodness like the Veggie and shrimp tempura and fried mac and cheese to name a couple.  The desserts are somewhat limited but there's something for everyone to satisfy your sweet tooth.All of this was available during dinner and most of it is available for brunch on the weekends too...   They do not have the seafood bar, but instead Santo's does made to order breakfast items-  crepes, omelettes, french toast, etc.The staff is super nice and accomodating.  Jillian the GM will for sure greet you and check up on you to see how your enjoying your meal, which is a nice touch since customer service in many restaurants is lacking these days.The value is also excellent- dinner on the weekend is about $21 and brunch is $15 (not sure about the lunch prices).  Obviously, I am a fan of this place and so is everyone else we've brought and sent there... you will be too :)
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,11/14/2012,104,216,9,12,8>Am way more than happy with the Hoxton.  Came here after hearing about it from a friend and I thought that the concept was just too cool not to visit right away.  New England style beach house in the Brickell?  Sign me up!I went last Saturday night and I was in love right away.  First off the decor is great!  Nice cool beach house colors mixed with dark wood, with black and white vintage pictures as accents.  Loved the big screen tv downstairs playing "Gigi" and the large screen tv in the upstairs bar/lounge area with the UM/FSU game playing.  The restaurant did not feel stuffy or pretentious but had a casual feel that was grownup but not aging.  The live singer they had that night was AMAZING!  I think live music must be a regular thing here as my friend experienced a beach band.  Please bring the Brendan back more often though!Customer Service was great!  I love the attentiveness of the hosts, servers, and busboys.  Everyone was very nice and our server always asked to make sure everything was ok.  We did have a few complaints about the clam bake dish we ordered but they were very gracious about it and even comped our desserts (even though we insisted on paying for everything).Food was pretty good too!  Duck Poutine was out of this world!  I would definitely go back for this.  Fish and Chips - I normally find it difficult to enjoy because of the super battered and fried nature.  However, the fish was really meaty and tender and NOT overbattered.  YUM!New England Clam Bake - HUGE!  BIg enough to share with 2-3 people (depending on the size of the people).  1lb lobster, shrimp, mussels, clams, corn and potatoes!  How amazing is that?  The only issue was that some of the clams had not opened yet and were a bit sandy.  This is so you know it is fresh?  But I prefer my seafood to be a bit more cleaned and a bit more cooked.  We told our server and he was nice enough to remove our desserts.Chocolate Chip Cookies - just regular cookies?  No way!  Order, you wont be disappointed.Cheesecake - light in flavor and not too dense in texture.  I would go order againHoxton Lemonade - this is not for people who do not enjoy the taste of gingerIf I were to go again?  I would go upstairs so that I can sit back and enjoy the music.  Love the couches!  Get a poutine or fish and chips, hoxton lemonade, cookies and call it night.  Feels like I could almost call this place home..seriously!
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2009,12/23/2009,196,262,4,8,7>Normally this is the kind of place I'd walk past, look in the window and see the chic industrial decor and think to myself "Hmm, looks expensive" and keep walking. In fact, I have.Since I was going with my fellow Yelpers I figured it was an opportunity I shouldn't pass up.When we walked in we were greeted by the owner/chef, who's image adorns just about every corner of the restaurant. I felt my wallet shrinking already, but I was pleasantly surprised that not all the prices matched the decor, I could actually afford to eat here!I had to wrestle with a few of the choice on the menu. I love Lomo Saltado but the Chicken Aji sounded too good to pass up so I settled on that.While we were waiting for our main dishes, we all shared a fish mountain or whatever they called it.. it was big.I'm ashamed to admit that I'm not well versed in the world of Ceviche, but I think I found a new addiction. Some people said it was a little intense but I tend to like flavors that some other people find overwhelming.I think my taste buds were tired by the time we got our food though, my Chicken Aji was a little more bland that expected but still pretty good.I was not too impressed with the service. I think the servers all suffered from ADD. They were all over the place but not doing much of anything, including not refilling my water. I got the feeling they weren't expecting the crowd to be as big as it was so I won't give them too much fecal matter.I plan on returning on a less busy time with some of my friends, hopefully the service will be a little better.
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,12/22/2009,291,274,6,9,7>This is my park, it is where I grew up. It is more about the people than the land. The Optimist League makes this park what it is. You want to play hockey, but can't afford the gear, they will find a way to help you. They truly want to see kids learn and enjoy the games. Hockey, basketball, football, and baseball, those are the games played here. Well, the hockey is actually played at the golf course on SW 152nd street. 9 years ago they built a rink there. Suniland park itself has 3 baseball fields (two normal and one kiddie one) Batting cages (not sure about pitching machines, baseball didn't do it for me) two basketball courts football field and the hockey rink I mentioned. If you have a kid that wants to get into sports, this is the place to bring them. They make sure everyone learns the game, and gets to play.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2009,12/21/2009,226,251,12,16,14>Some people are born with the eyebrows they ought to have, and others are born with the eyebrows they deserve.  I'm  not quite sure what that means, but I'm sticking by it.  I was lucky enough to have the former; thick brows, nicely arched, black, etc.  And for all those years that dopey fashion mags were exhorting us to mess with nature in favor of thin, anemic, anorexic eyebrows that made their wearers look perpetually surprised (like you're constantly thinking "really? I'm AMAZED!  No, really???), I resisted.  Granted, they were always a bit Brooke-Shields-ish, but I knew deep down that the pencilled-in look would soon be as dated as Ed Hardy T-shirts, and that there would be a whole mess of girls who wished they'd never, ever wielded those tweezers quite so dramatically.Then I moved to L.A, and succumbed to the ultra-groomed look favored by even the most bohemian, arty girls in that ultra-groomed town. And I found a great groomer at Bella Cara Salon, and all was good.  And then I moved to Miami, and all was not so good.  After traumatic and horribly horrible apartment searches, haircutting experiences, pedicures from hell, etc., I was wiped out, and just not ready for another disappointment.   But those brows were beginning to look a bit...wayward, and I started warily asking around about a groomer.  I obviously asked the right person, finally...a sprite-like, adorable make-up artist at the MAC counter at Nordstrom at Merrick Park.  She put down her brushes, took me by the hand (literally) and marched me over to Tilda's counter (well, technically it belongs to the Anastasia franchise, brow groomer to the stars--including OPRAH!).  I said what the hey (the makeup artists' brows were impeccable) and submitted to Tilda's artistry.And artistry it is, my friends.  Tilda is, first of all, just a peach of a person.  Funny, smart, charming, pretty, and kind...which all helps when you're under a certain amount of pain for 40 minutes at a time.  Because the lovely and amazing Tilda, my darlings, will actually painstakingly TWEEZE instead of waxing if you so desire (and I do, because I like the more natural result, although she's excellent with wax as well).  But first she'll place a delicate stencil over your brows, draw in the ideal shape, and then pluck until she's achieved the perfect curve, much like the ideal arches in Roman architecture.  And while she's efficiently getting rid of all those tiny messy hairs that tend to grow where they're not supposed to grow, she will have a sparkling conversation about anything you lob her way.  Next thing you know, she'll be handing you a mirror and you will be confronted with a slightly better you...a you who doesn't look like she's either questioning the meaning of the universe or trying to look like Cruella DeVil in the original 101 Dalmations (check out her eyebrows). Seriously, if you want a no-fail good grooming experience in the greater Miami area, Tilda Rizzo is a surefire bet.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,12/20/2009,163,84,7,8,8>I went to a private preview this weekend of B Bar inside the Betsy Hotel. It's a little hidden, but not impossible to find - however, it's not open to the public 'til January 2010. If you do make it inside, you will find an array of very comfortable seating options and tables where you can rest your drink, whether it be their Key Lime Gimlet, B Bar Daiquiri or any other of their signature cocktails, however my poison for the night was Caipirinha's. The sound is provided by Dynacord, which means you can have a conversation and still have music playing at a decent level. This past weekend I turned up a little early and I saw the place fill up in under an hour. It's not a big space, but it is a pretty amazing one. B Bar is that ace in your sleeve if you want to impress that date after dinner. Nice if you want to get a drink and discuss what's on your mind. Look for this place to be very secretive until January. I look forward to going back as the Gimlet is calling my name. ;)
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2009,12/19/2009,269,332,5,8,8>4 stars because I live right by there...and I can go for happy hour everyday of the week and stumble home..if I make it across the street. So there you go..this is a biased review. ;)Never been there till I moved into the Grove, the parking's a nightmare I was told, but there's valet! The place is huge, when you walk in..towards the back...it keeps on going and going till you hit the water/boats. Perfect for watching the water and boats...good music.Families, couples, groups, singles...all are welcome! Dance floor had couples and yound children getting their groove on. Staff are color-coded. Bartenders in red, bar backs in blue...manager in black? Half-off drinks from 4-8pm on weekdays. I ordered the jalapeno poppers for a snack...it was about $8..for 5 pieces. I ain't going to lie...I was sad. They were good...but so very few! :(Tip-bits: Happy Hour: 4-8pm on weekdays18% gratuitiy includedCasual attire
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,12/18/2009,944,946,8,9,10>I was fortunate enough to take advantage of the month-long specials going on at the Spa at Icon Brickell (which is also the spa at Viceroy Miami - it's all one huge, inter-connected complex).  And boy, what an experience!It's a little confusing driving up, and since I didn't know Icon and Viceroy were connected, I pulled up to the valet for the Viceroy hotel.  The friendly valet man showed me the error of my ways, and directed me to the valet for the Icon around the back.  After checking in at the front desk, I was led through the maze of corridors and elevators to the spa.  And good thing too, cause I would've never found it on my own!!The spa is located on the 13th & 14th floors of the Icon Brickell, with gorgeous picture windows overlooking Brickell Key.  The main lounge area, complete with wading pools and jacuzzis, is completely white, with lounge beds and chaises, and several huge stocked bookshelves, though all the books have plain white jackets on them (but they're real books inside, I checked).  You're given a tour upon your arrival, and then left to your own devices till your appointment.I opted for the signature "Raindrop Therapy" treatment - a 90-min massage with essential oils.  My therapist was Sorrell, and he was awesome.  I probably could've fallen asleep on the table, I was so relaxed!  Normally this signature treatment runs $235, but with the special I took advantage of, it was only $55!  What a steal!The locker rooms are equipped with everything you need to get freshened up after your treatment, including any kind of toiletry you could possibly imagine.  Of course, there's a spa menu and juice bar, but I didn't get a chance to check those out.I'm already saving up for my next visit!  Here's hoping they'll be participating in the upcoming Spa Week!!
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,12/17/2009,223,96,12,17,14>This unique spa is relaxing and stimulating at the same time. The Miami baths are beautiful, with grecian statues and faux stone walls giving the feeling of an underground ancient grotto, with well maintained fixtures and a clean environment. The locker rooms are clean and modern, with multi-head private showers. You then move on to the huge salt water jacuzzi, with a high pressure waterfall perfect for massaging tension out of tense shoulders and lower back. From there, you have the choice of a dry heat sauna, a turskish hamam soap room perfect for an exfoliating scrub, an aromatherapy room filled with soothing botanically scented steam, and the shvitz, an ultra heated steam room heated by hot boulders (no joke)! Showers are strategically placed in and outside the individual rooms for cool downs, as well as two tubs of ice water which you...get this...fully immerse yourself in! The hot to cold is traditional in the shvitz, and it actually increases circulation and gives an overall sense of well being. It takes guts to jump into the cold water the first time, but once you try it you'll be a believer. For those who can't bring themselves to do it that way, a polar room has recently been added for a water free cool down. This place is perfect for a post indulgence recovery, a chance to relax and chat with friends, discuss business deals, or pamper yourself and your significant someone. Admission to the spa has the added bonus of granting admission to the private hotel pool and beach access, the poolside bar, and the russian style kitchen run by mama shvitz. Try the chicken kiev and the mushroom barley soup...extra sour cream! Also available; traditional leaf massage in the shvitz, turkish soap massage in the hamam, mud wraps, seaweed wraps, swiss massages and a variety of muds, creams, and bathing supplies. (bring your favorites from home, too!) Bar none, my favorite way to indulge myself....but I guess thats pretty obvious by now, isn't it? ~Jewel
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2009,12/16/2009,268,629,10,19,13>a friend with a very reliable sweet tooth first told me about this place like 6 months ago. so when planning this bridal shower it immediately came to mind...i went in to simply cakes with the invitation and an idea. the lady that helped me was super nice and helpful giving her own input while being super honest and trying to come up with a concept that could work.after hearing the huge price tag for the cake (over 200) i was a bit turned off. this cake was only for 25 people but i did have a complex idea. so i shopped around and visited many well known cake shops in miami. most were either way too expensive or uninterested in doing such a small cake (for 25 ppl)went back to simply cakes and decided on cupcakes with fondant lingerie pieces on each individual cupcake. there were a bunch of flavors to choose from, most notable - tiramisu, dulce leche, nutella, guava, strawberry, etc. as well as the usual suspects, vanilla, oreo, chocolate, red velvet, etc. they were reasonably priced at $3 each for the large size. when we saw them we were soooo happy and amazed at the detail. they outdid themselves. literally each cupcakes was topped with its own unique personalized bra and panty or corset. polka dot, stripes, solids, floral, animal print, pink, black, white, purple, green. omg they were adorable and all lthe ladies loved the flavor and the look!!some girls even took home the fondant lingerie to make other crafty projects with them!!i really cant say enough great things about simply cakes!! i was truly impressed with their beautiful and tasty cupcakes.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,12/15/2009,103,146,4,9,7>I was excited to have received a gift card for a spa day at the Biltmore from the BF. It has been almost 2 years since I last had the Biltmore spa experience and they have done major renovations and upgrade. Before, the spa was located in the lower lobby, it had the dim lighting and a very traditional spa atmosphere. The new spa (not so new, it's been 2 years now), is located on the 7th floor of the hotel with an almost panoramic view of the city and natural light brightens the rooms. I know I've said about liking the dim spa atmosphere better but I've definitely changed my mind. Though it's bright, it's still private. And with the mood music playing throughout the spa, you really don't think about were you are. Upon arrival, the receptionist presents you with a printout of your spa schedule and the names of the therapists providing the services. Then, the locker room attendant brings you into the spa and give you a mini tour of the facility. She  then takes you into the locker room to give you the robes, slippers and a key for your assigned locker.  Once you've undressed and are ready be attended, you wait in the Relaxation Room to be called by the therapist. This is about the size of an average hotel room which they have wood lounger for the guest to lay down and each lounger is separated by curtains for privacy.  Right outside of the Relaxation Room, the spa has set a refreshment station to further help you get into the relaxing mood. The refreshment station offers fresh fruit, water, tea, coffee and trail mixes. I went for the Revitalizing Package and received a bamboo lemongrass body scrub (30min), deep tissue massage (70) and an European facial (60). The body scrub and the massage were done by the same therapist, Luce. She was amazing. The pressure was just right and she was great. She said she's been a massage therapist for over 17 years. If you ever get her, you're in good hands. With Andrea, I had a great facial and we chatted up the whole time. I had an awesome experience at the Biltmore Spa and cannot wait to go back.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,12/14/2009,473,460,3,11,10>This is my absolute favorite place to go and get running shoes and gear. The people working here actually know what they're talking about when it comes to running. They're not just a bunch of punk kids that work at the local Foot Locker or Sports Authority. They actually love running and everything associated with running. I have a problem with pronating and they were able to "diagnose" the problem by having me run on a treadmill and record the way my feet land and then play it back in slow motion to determine the problem. I've never seen any other store go that far to determine what would be the perfect running shoe for you. Because they went that extra mile I can now run further and longer without having shin splints like I did with the wrong shoes. Thank you so much Runner High...you certainly are the best place I have ever been to in order to get my running gear.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2008,6/19/2008,26,17,2,5,3>My wife and I dined here last weekend and we came away extremely satisfied.  Michael's is one of the new 'hip' restaurants in Miami, and the unique menu should be enough to get you in the door, regardless of the occasional celeb sighting.As some reviewers have mentioned, the seating here could best be described as "intimate".  In fact, I think we had the most "intimate" table in the place - our table for 2 directly abutted another table for 2, so it was more like were dining in a party of 4.  It instantly reminded me of dining in NYC's SoHo.  Most interior tables were square 4-person tables, though, and they did have some booths along the wall.  Don't expect a lot of privacy at Michael's, though.  Dining is a social event here.On to the menu.... we started with a "Small" item - the Yellowfin Tuna Tartare.  It was indeed small - yielding only a couple bites for each of us, but it was absolutely delicious.  The addition of two crispy potato chips and avocado on top of the cylindrical tuna was a genius touch.  For our entrees,  I had the Steak Au Poivre, a 12 oz NY Strip with lots of peppercorns.  This was a little bit of a miss for me.  I asked for "medium" and it came "well done".  Also, the peppercorns are not crushed, as at most restaurants that serve this dish, but whole peppercorns acting as a garnish over the entire steak.  Get a mouthful of those little suckers and you'll quickly know it!  The flavor was good, but this was not an outstanding dish.My wife ordered the Pan Roasted Local Mutton Snapper dish.  An A-plus!  Charred corn, asparagus, and smoked bacon make this dish an absolute delight in your mouth.  If we go back, I am definitely ordering this dish.For dessert, I had the Chocolate Cremosa -- a delicious mound of fudge-like chocolate heaven, topped with sea salt, olive oil, and a thin sourdough crostini.  It is also served with a small side of chilled espresso parfait which was also delicious.  A very unique dessert, but for a self-proclaimed chocoholic, I loved it!My wife ordered the Basil Panna Cotta which was served with "berry gazpacho" - blueberries, kumquats, and some other fruit in a parfait dish.  Served with almond biscotti and a small jelly candy.  This dish was also really good and very unique.Overall, this was a fantastic dining experience.  If my steak had turned out better and if our waitress didn't seem so rushed, it would have been the perfect meal.Also - BEWARE THE $12 VALET PARKING CHARGE!
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2008,6/18/2008,1,3,2,4,3>This is definitely my favorite place to watch football and is predominately made up of locals. The majority of bartenders are female with the exception of  "uncle ted." Their burgers are my favorite and the drinks are fairly price for Sobe. This is definitely not your typical over the top Sobe bar. Great place to hangout with friends.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,6/17/2008,280,485,4,7,5>After reading the other reviews, I decided to try this place out and boy am I glad I did.  I have been searching all over for a fish taco done the right way and I have finally found it.  the tortilla soup is excellent as well.  Every thing is very fresh and the staff is very friendly.  The owners made sure to ask how everything was - and it was great.  Try it out.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,6/16/2008,1,6,3,4,3>I'm gonna have to agree with my fellow reviewers Rob, Ciara, and Michelle. This is the one place that me and my friends can consistently agree on for that hard to choose lunch spot. As you walk through the door of this precious cafe, receive a warm welcome from the owner who happily asks me if I'll be having my usual--garden mini and one Italian meatball/provolone pie on the side. Just as you finish that last toasty bite of your crunchy yet flavorful empanada (aka Go-Go pie) that this fine cafe has perfected, don't be surprised if you find yourself craving more. And fortunately I can recommend a few other options: a classic ceasar or the cranberry/chicken mini, with of course a pie of your choice (hit the spot with the philly cheesesteak or spicy thai peanut chicken), and be sure to save room for that melts in your mouth nutella/banana combo for dessert. Trust me, save yourself the hassle and point the car in direction of Go-Gos.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/26/2008,6/15/2008,77,142,1,3,2>Flannigan's Is Great* Late Nite Eats. The Dolphin Fingers Rock! Its A Good Place To Chill After Work. There Is Always Some Kind of Food Deal For Some Day of The Week So Check the Menu.*great is a relative term in relationship to the time at which a restaurant is visited, but the food is good.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2008,6/14/2008,7,7,4,7,5>I really wanted to like this place.  The prices were reasonable and the pictures on the menu looked pretty appetizing.  I don't know if it was the time of the day (3:00) or what, but there wasn't a hostess, so my husband and I and another couple stood waiting around the front for a couple minutes before I finally saw someone who worked there and asked him if we could sit somewhere.  The service wasn't awful, but it certainly wasn't good.  We didn't get refills until we flagged someone down, but the waiter was pleasant enough.  Also they add their own gratuity into the bill, which I thought was weird because we aren't in Paris, and it wasn't a party of 15. I ordered the chabon salad, which is cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, and oil and vinegar.  This was unimpressive, but I am used to the one my mother-in-law makes which is excellent...Then I had the grilled veggie wrap, again, not bad, but definitely not good.  It was totally flavorless.My husband liked his chicken skewer, although it didn't look like they gave him a lot of chicken. Their homemade lemonade was great, not too tart and not too sweet.I would give it another shot... I guess if you've never had any of this food homemade then you might like it.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2008,6/13/2008,0,3,2,4,3>Simply put, this place rocks! Outstanding tacos. They use quality, fresh ingredients. I've been going there regularly since moving to the neighborhood in December, and the staff are incredibly friendly. The owner, a super nice guy, always makes a point to say 'hi' and chat a bit. This is what a cool, independently-owned, non-chain eatery should be!My two faves are (1) the baja fish taco--fresh tilapia, lightly breaded and fried, served with their spicy slaw (YUM!) and (2) the chili-verde pork taco--this is legit southwest-style pork-verde (nice and spicy!)This place has been evolving--adding breakfast, looking to add a walk-up counter (latino cafeteria-style), etc. Staff are very friendly. Line cooks are outstanding. As I said, this place rocks!
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2008,6/12/2008,9,5,2,4,3>Best fried ice cream found here! The hazelnut hinted whip cream is heaven.  Oh yea --- the sushi is great too.  I always have a lovely experience there - upstairs or downstairs.
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2008,6/11/2008,223,290,3,10,6>I'm pretty surprised not that many people have posted about this establishment. What do I mean? This place gets packed with lines like crazy during lunchtime and seeing returning faces whenever I go is quite normal. So on to the review - There is no other pizza place like this in a 15- mile radius (that I know of) and that gap might stretch with its prices. 5 bucks gets you two big pep slices that will leave you satisfied for a long time. They're not the most complicated pizzeria and they don't have any complicated culinary delights, but they make a mean pizza and its more than worth the ride if you're not from the area. But if you are from the area, try this pizza, it just might be the single best place to eat in the FIU/Doral/Sweetwater/Westchester area.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2008,6/10/2008,63,107,2,5,4>I was here for breakfast and couldn't believe how long the wait was. It was shocking how many people were trying to pack in this huge restaurant. I really like the feel of this place. It's like a diner without being too dinerie. Like there's no plastic booths and you aren't eating in a box car. The portions were huge and the prices were great. The menu was so big I could hardly read it all.However, any place that serves "buckets" of corn dogs is ok in my book. I had breakfast. I had like a banana french toast which was decedent and delicious. I also had an ice coffee that wasn't bad. I love ice coffee and hate places that just can't put a damn pot of coffee in the fridge. How hard is it? My bf ordered a sandwich which looked huge and the fries came in a bucket also. The fries and chips are great. Actually everything here looked good and I understood why so many people were waiting in line. Sometimes it's not about finding something special. Sometimes it's just about appreciating something simple and good. Like comfort food thats greasy and cheap and big. Big Pink you got it right and the little hint of sports bar feel is up my alley. I think you're awesome!
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,11/20/2010,415,166,14,7,10>Hi again, friendly Drive thru Ladies. It's me. The girl with the crazy hair, lopsided bun and reindeer pajama pants. I'd like to thank you.Muchas Gracias!Thank you for  saving me from embarrassment on weekday mornings when Im too lazy to get dressed,and in the evenings when a sitdown dinner is out of the question.For when I only have 5.00 and you dont make me give back the extra tostada I ordered.All for the reward  of getting a bag full of croqueta goodness...oh the croquetas..plump, perfect rollitos of perfection. The jamon sprinkled with parsley, always warm, never grey or questionably brown looking. ( Im looking at  you, Carreta croquetas) .The croquetas are a meal within themselves.  Put those puppies in a croqueta preparada and you'll be full till dinner.Drive-Thru Ladies- thank you for not laughing at me when I order croquetas and look visibly upset when they're still in the fryer, and I can't wait for them cause I have to get dressed for work at some point before the rest of the world sees me.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2009,11/19/2010,103,159,9,12,5>Do you know where you can get a breakfast serving that takes up almost the entire space of your table for under $6? If you don't, then now you know...it's CHICO's. This institution of Cuban food, located in the heart of Hialeah has been around since I was a baby. The food here is excellent, at any time of the day or night, you can come in and have a delicious plate of rice and beans with steak or like I stated above, have a delicious breakfast at a crazy affordable price. Most of their breakfast plates come with eggs and you choose whether you want ham, bacon, sausage, croquetas or papa-rellena (stuffed potato). I always get the plate with the ham croquettes, which are delicious. On top of your main plate, you get a cafe con leche with a large chunk of Cuban toast, all buttered up. None of these plates are more than $6 and the portions are more than enough. The service is quick, friendly and most of all, the food has stood the test of time with this place. Hopefully, Chico's stays put for many more years to come!
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,11/18/2010,47,206,4,19,8>I went to this place on Saturday night for my friend's birthday dinner.To keep it short - this is now my favorite Indian restaurant in Miami - and I'm of Indian descent and grew up in England which is a mecca for fine Indian cuisine.  So I know what I'm talking about.Positives:1) The sauces for the currys are incredible.  My favorites are the Lamb Roganjosh, the Shrimp Malabar curry, the Chicken Tikka Masala, the butter chicken, the mutter paneer, and the paneer saag.  Each is really well put together with great ingredients, incredible flavor, and the right consistency.  Perfect.2) The naan was good.  More on the fluffy side than the crispy side which I prefer, but still very good.3) Big portions for family style dining.  My other preferred Indian restaurant, Ayesha, has tiny portions.  This place has decent sized portions which makes it much better for sharing dishes.Things they could do better:1) Offer half portions of the vegetarian dishes so they can be ordered as sides.  This wasn't an issue for us since we had a party of 7, but if I was going out for a meal for two, this would be an issue.2) Appetizers - quite frankly the appetizers were rubbish.  Was very disappointed, and so was astounded by how good the entrees were after a weak start to the meal.3) Service - took them a while to take our initial order, although in their credit, once they took the order they were very attentive and did a good job of asking us for additional drinks at the right time.4) Air conditioning is a bit weak.I've said more negative than positive in the review however in all I am very impressed with this restaurant.  I will be a regular here, and can't wait to go again.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,11/16/2010,749,521,14,18,19>Oops...I was the late one in a gang of Yelpers for dinner at Maria's. But it seemed like nobody minded, it was like I was with family. The restaurant is very nice, not overwhelming in its decor but no way you could mistake it for anything other than a Greek restaurant. Hello's and cheek kissings made and I sat down to have a gander at the menu. Its not extensive but it covers enough. Its not cheap, but its not overly expensive when you see the portions. (OMG Adriana's and Aaron's Lamb Kebab was GINORMOUS!!!). I decided to forego an appetizer as I wasn't starving and by the sound of it, the Gyro platter I ordered was more than enough for one. A glass of Retsina to get the juices flowing and we were away! Carla and Gus had ordered their dinner in the form of several appetizers and they were so kind to share with us a taste of this and a taste of that. Everything that they ordered was TO.DIE.FOR!. Feta Cheese was great, not at all salty and with a lovely drizzle of green olive oil and some black olives (I ate my first olive in Corfu!). The eggplant salad made me so disappointed that I hadn't ordered it. It was divine. The grilled cheese was sweet and salty with a nice 'crunch'. The pita bread had a hint of herbs....brought to the table warm. The taste of it It brought back memories for Carla. My Gyro platter was good, not great. The Greek side salad was outa control yummy, the gyro was OK and I couldn't see where the french fries came in but I guess American's expect a starch. I wasn't disappointed though. I just thought I would play it the way I know it in order to get a feel for the place. Huge amount of food and all of it tasty. The service was EXCELLENT!!! God knows that Yelpers en masse are a demanding bunch of cranks and hey, we were no different than normal. But the separate check issue hardly phased our server. There was a wee mix up with a couple of checks but it all sorted itself out. What I loved the most about Maria's was the family atmosphere, the groups dining, the old couple in the corner (he looked SOOO Greek) sharing a couple of glasses of wine, smiling across the way at each other, the young couple sitting awkwardly by the front door, possibly on a first date. The staff were busy but focused. Maria's is "A keeper".
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,11/15/2010,124,104,8,9,9>Located in a nondescript RK shopping center in Sunny Isles, Manhattan Bakery is definitely a hidden gem along the Collins strip.  It would be a great place to grab some food to take with you to the beach.  I had a decent sampling of the Venezuelan specialties on the menu.  The arepas came with a variety of stuffings, including carne mechada, pernil and also a variety of cheeses, like Gouda, Queso Guyanesa, and Queso Paisa.  The arepa itself was a little dry, but they have a tangy guasacaca that you could add for flavor and moisture (Guasacaca is an avocado and garlic based sauce from Venezuela, this one seemed to have mayo in it).  The highlight for me was the Spinach Cachito, which was rich and creamy with plenty of spinach flavor as well.  We ended up getting two more.  The tequenos were good and the pan de queso was also tasty.  The pollo empanada was fine but not special.Service was very accommodating and friendly, I definitely recommend stopping by for a snack or an inexpensive lunch.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,11/14/2010,314,746,7,11,9>Why am I a fan of Zeke's-all beer $4-200 beers to choose from-prime people watching location on Lincoln Rd-nice bartenders-did I mention $4 beers?Helpful hints-CASH ONLY-MUST HAVE ID-come early if you want a seat outside, they fill up quickly and you must stalk people for a table when they are full....'nuff said, Zeke....I *heart* you.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2010,11/12/2010,278,388,5,11,6>Is it me, or has it become The Year Of The Taco?With the emergence of Jefe's Fish Taco Truck, Mecadito, Crazy Mexican Taco Bar, El Scorpion, and on and on.Where there were none, now there are plenty.  Be careful of what you wish for, Marcos.  Sure, Surf Road Taco has been around before it was hip to be a taco, but in this review it's my world; and thus it's all new to me if I say so.This place would make serious cash money,  mano over puño; if they would move their location a few blocks over to Biscayne.  But instead they're a little off the beaten path and thus they're staying humble and keeping it real.The food I give 3 1/2 stars, the service 4 stars, and the prices 4 stars, because they could easily charge more and get away with it.The staff was super nice. You notice it right away.  They all want to be there.  Must be something in the salsa.  The fish tacos were delicious.  Not the best, but you're not paying top dollar.  Good enough, to bring me back for more and more.  I'll leave it at that.  Judge for yourself.Ándale pues, Bro.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,11/11/2010,365,232,5,13,13>Don't go to the Standard Hotel.  You'd hate it.  OK, OK... that's a total lie.  It's fabulous and I can't imagine not loving it.  It is my personal definition of perfection.  But if you go, please be gentle and don't spoil the amazing, laid-back vibe.  Here's what I've experienced so far...The Pool-- The view of the Bay and city skyline is priceless and superb.  The scale of the pool area, like everything else on the property, is perfect.  There are bigger pools on the Beach, but there isn't one in which I'd rather take a dip on a weekday afternoon or evening.  After floating around for a while looking at the clouds and/or stars, take a seat on one of the many comfy lounges and watch the boats, the pelicans, the sunset... Weekend afternoons are much busier, but any Monday through Thursday, this is where I want to be.The Bayside Grill-- Start with a cocktail.  There's one called the Little Red Bicycle made with elderflower-infused vodka, and the fresh-fruit of the day mojitos are amazing.  They muddle the fruits on the spot, so it takes a few minutes, but it is well worth the wait.  If you're with a group, get a pitcher.  If you're celebrating, a bottle of cava makes for a light, delicious toast.  Share some appetizers.  Everything is fresh, light, healthy and divine!  I've had the hummus, the raw lasagna, the flatbread, and the eggplant caviar.  All were perfect to share and enjoy with a cool beverage on a warm evening.  The only entree I've tried so far was the grilled tofu.  It was fantastically flavorful.  If you get something from the grill, you get choices of sides and sauces.  The coconut sauce is made from real, fresh coconut-- as in just pulled from the shell.  I've also tried the olive tapanade, which is slightly less rhapsodic, but also good.  For dessert, try the espresso pudding.  Wow!  Kind of like the love child of ice cream, chocolate mousse and espresso-- cold, creamy, light texture, rich flavor-- I did not want to share this dessert.  It was too damn good.  Stitch 'n Bitch-- The indoor environment at the Standard is almost as spectacular as outdoors.  The hotel was lovingly, carefully restored, so the groovy design elements from the '60s are still intact.  The crowd at the Stitch 'n Bitch was warm and eclectic-- different ages, skill levels, etc... The indoor bar is in an adjoining room, so you can get a cool cocktail, pull out your knitting project, and share tips and chit-chat with everyone from a lovely older Jewish lady wearing a head scarf that matches the lobby's design motif to a twenty-something twink who can knit anything from a toy monkey to an afghan.  I've heard they also do bingo nights, but I haven't tried one yet.The Yoga Classes-- the studio has windows facing the bay.  This means that when you have to stare at a fixed spot to maintain your balance in tree pose, you can be looking at a lone palm on tiny island in the bay instead of the Nike swoosh on some chick's gym bag in the corner.  The teachers are serious yogis-- knowledgeable, serious, and seriously blissed out.  You will be too if you follow their teachings.  They are also, without exception, young, toned, and naturally gorgeous.The Spa-- the Hamam, the steam room, the sauna-- all fabulous.  No one's pushy or flashy.  Everything works and is wonderful.  I love The Standard!
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2010,11/9/2010,73,158,9,9,10>hey sweetness....so listen the 5 stars is not about your cupcakes, which were good but i only had a tiny bite out of the vanilla. (really want to try the nutella one though) what knocked my socks off was your guava, mango and mamey gelato. you are far as heck from me but that wont stop me. you ladies have got the best guava ice cream ive ever had and your mamey, well i may never need to eat the actual fruit again. i cant wait to go back and try more flavors. also, your little shots of dessert are clever and adorable. you are the bakeshop miami has been needing for a WHILE and i hope you guys are around for a long time!
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,11/8/2010,420,662,11,10,13>I think I've spent more time in the parking lot of Sun Life Stadium (also known as name-whore stadium) than I have in the seats. No matter - Miami is the perfect tailgating city, since we don't have to worry about bitter winter weather. :)I've been to multiple Marlins games here, and most recently, a Dolphins game. I really can't complain - tickets are reasonable for games (unlike other stadiums I might mention - Cowboys anyone?) and there's actually a decent view from all seats. Especially during a Marlins game, when 90% of the stadium has dust bunnies strolling through.The windy exit ramp is a cool feature, too. All in all, I dig this place. Yes, it probably should be covered, as summertime day games get BOILING hot. And yes, beer prices are outrageous, as they are at any stadium in our great nation. However, I always have a good time here - so how can I badmouth it? They let us go tailgate crazy in the parking lot, so they're on my nice list.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,6/10/2014,61,134,2,9,5>Everyone once in a while, I feel like I am allowed into a secret, like there is a cadre of people who rightfully keep something clandestine because they know that once the secret is exposed, it makes the opportunity less available to them, or worse, completely augments the experience entirely. When I went to Bombay Darbar, I felt like I was brought into a fold of people who have known where to find amazing Indian cuisine in Miami, but know that they they could be on the brink of losing the essence of the experience the establishment once offered.   The reason I do not feel half bad about writing this review is that it is apparent that Bombay Darbar has become an open secret. The place is small, intimate. Sitting in the dining room, one imagines the bygone days of a small Indian restaurant with amazing food that lent itself to human versions of the Lady and the Tramp pasta scene (except with Indian cuisine) but has become so popular that the owners now balance maximizing profit with creating an experience.   On my visit, this tension played out. Thanks to other yelpers, I made a reservation, and luckily I did because, when my friend and I walked past Bombay Darbar two hours before our reservation just to check it out, there were a number of people sitting outside in the make-shift waiting area.  When we returned, my friend and I were seated promptly, and our waiter came to take our order. There was not much time wasted with pleasantries--though some were exchanged--and our waiter took our order. All of our food came promptly, but I could not help feel the experience was rushed. The rush culminated when the manager offered my friend and me two free drinks if we would leave so that he could have our table. As a person who loves to sit and drink wine and have conversation after a meal, this was tough for me, but I understood why we were asked to leave. Nevertheless, this is where Bombay Darbar might have exposed its crisis of ethos brought on by its popularity. Do not get me wrong, I will certainly patronize again, but I will have more realistic expectations, and anyone who also decides to have this fantastic dining experiences should visit with a similar set of managed expectations.    There is not much I can add about the food that has not been said by other yelpers because the food lived up to expectations. I will comment on dishes we had that do not seem to be as discussed. First, the samosas were excellent. I was joking that we should learn to make them and compete with all the pastelitos sold in Miami because I think, once people try them, we would have converts. The samosas were seasoned impeccably and cooked to the perfect consistency. The samosas are certainly a must try.   I also ordered the lamb vindaloo, which was amazing. Bombay Darbar has managed to prepare the dish so that the flavors are layered. I was thoroughly impressed by the way in which I had the heat of the sauce and the flavor of the goat, and I was able to experience the flavors distinctly. I was also impressed with the consciousness exhibited by the chefs with regard to balancing heat and flavor. In a conversation with our waiter, my friend and I indicated that we wanted our dishes "as hot as they could make them" (we love spice), but he talked to us about balancing flavors so that we could enjoy. When the dish came out of the kitchen, I will admit that my initial reaction was that I would have preferred more spice, but after thinking about the dish, I have concluded that the chef probably used his/her discernment and sought to provide me a culinary experience that more loyal to the ingredients and dish than to simply my wishes. As an eater, I appreciate when a chef takes charge and uses his/her knowledge to take me on a tour de force, so I was not off-put by the mitigated heat.    In the end, this is a must try in Miami if you want good Indian, and if you do not want to brave the crowds, they always do takeout!
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,6/9/2014,202,134,2,11,8>Yes it's a market and yes you pick up your food at the counter...if you have a problem with that then keep on driving. But if not, come in for some great seafood! I took a small trip to the keys from Miami & seeing how it was stone crab season I wanted some fresh claws. After looking for restaurants in Marathon I came across this place and decided to give it a try. We had the stone crab claws - very reasonable price-, the conch fritters, and the hogfish. All were fresh and great tasting. I'm not sure what happened with other reviewers but I've had all of the above before and they all tasted & smelled fresh and were great tasting. The conch fritters were a nice size and freshly fried, nice and golden. The claws are hard to go wrong with and they were meaty and sweet! And the hogfish was a nice size filet fried to perfection!!! We thoroughly enjoyed our meal there including the service. We chatted with the owner and found out she was from Miami but had moved down to the Keys. She told us about a few other local places to visit for great food as well. I wouldn't hesitate to stop again next time I'm in the keys.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,6/8/2014,763,459,5,11,6>A friend of mine kept asking me if I have heard of the apparently famous "Fifi's Place". Since everyone knows that I'm a yelper, people always try to find hidden little gems and rub it in my face that I don't know about it. Yup. Fifi's was one of those places.Parking: When we went there was no valet so you had to find street parking. There are a feeeew spaces out front but unlikely to find a spot there. Go around the corner and park in the back lot. Make sure you bring your quarters!Ambiance: It's like a typical fish place. No frills or anything. There's a fish tank, etc. It's nothing spectacular but it's quaint and cute. We were seated right away and did not have a reservation so that's a plus.As you walk in, you will see all of the fish that is fresh and ready to be cooked up daily. We sat down and started with the sliced raw yellowtail himachi. It was quite tasty. For my main course I ordered the Fifi's Grilled Seafood Parrillada. It was basically an assortment of fresh fish that was just simply steamed and lightly drizzled with olive oil. It was definitely all very fresh and very tasty. There wasn't a lot of extra things added or drenched on the fish. It was very light but yet quite filling. I definitely recommend this and I had it to myself. You can definitely split it between two. My friend helped me a little but I had most of it myself.Definitely check this place out if you are in the mood for fresh seafood in a casual chic atmosphere. YUM!
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,6/7/2014,158,324,8,11,9>This place is certainly top notch and totally deserving of all the stars.  Came here on a Wed night and to our surprise, the place was full!  Thankfully we made a reservation as I know someone who didn't wait over an hour.  Service was efficient and friendly the moment we walked in.There are a lot of excellent beer on tap, with a good representation of Floridian beer from Cigar City, Wynwood, Funky Buddha, Due South and more.  But we opted for wine as there is a half off special.  Their wine list is not as extensive as their beer, only a page long with about 12 each of white and red and a few sparkling.  Price-wise most are under $40, but good quality ones.  With 50% off is not much more than what I pay at a shop.  We picked an Italian wine called Maialina, as the name means Little Pig, and pretty sure that's one reason it ends up on the wine list here.We licked all plates clean.  Everything was so delicious.  As the saying goes, whatever taste good is bad for you.  Since just browsing the menu will raise your cholesterol, it stands that the food is also insanely delicious.  Menu changes weekly, as they say many patrons visit here several times a week (I pray them good health).   We had the duck carbonara, lamb belly (even the cucumber and tomatoes tasted gamey with the fat), and fried bone marrow (too rich by itself but when smeared onto toast with red pepper jelly and chimichurri as suggested was divine).For dessert the fried bread pudding provided the happy ending.  It's more like French toast cubes creamy, pillowy inside and crunchy outside with a coating of sugar.Overall excellence in food and service.  And whatever it's missing it makes up for to the full five stars with the pig poem on the wall by Roahl Dahl my favorite author.Tip: they provide free valet, but don't validate for the garage where WoB, Panera, Lime Fresh etc are.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,6/6/2014,89,177,4,8,5>Found the perfect place to soak up all the alcohol from NYE festivities at the Stadium Diner.  It's another restaurant that's been around for ages that I kept wanting to try but always drove past.  I stopped... err... stumbled in with a serious hangover and a craving for a good, hearty, breakfast.  I was greeted with a smile from the hostess and she directed me to the counter since I wanted to order my food to-go.  The woman who took my order, was very attentive and kind. But one minor pet peeve of mine is servers who stand over me while I browse the menu. Sometimes I need a good 5-10 minutes to figure out exactly what I want, and I feel rushed when the server stands there staring at me with the pen and pad ready.  Besides that, I couldn't have been more satisfied with my first experience there.  I ordered pancakes (not as good as IHOP but still good), corned beef hash, grits, scrambled eggs and toast. All very good, and NOT because I was hungover, either!
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/5/2014,164,326,10,13,10>As a Mexican American from the midwest my little "quality control" when going to Mexican restaurants not only here in South Florida or just about anywhere is one sure fire way to find out how authentic the meal is going to be; and no I'm not talking about lo mismo comida del "DF" o lo que sea - the haute cuisine of Colonia Polanco in Mexico City - I'm talking your normal li'l Tex-Mex or Southeastern Mexican influenced fast food tacos and the like.  How to tell authenticity (a/i/a - are they even Mexican)? Is there at least somewhere, anywhere, a small but revered picture of the Virgin Mary.  No, really it works - any Mexican worth their weight in pinto beans is usually a devotee of the Virgin of Guadalupe - who is so ubiquitous as the Goddess Mother in post Aztecan culture it seems the room is almost naked if she isn't peering down from her rose colored visage swathed (ala Book of Revelations) in sun and moon.  Well you can call Los Aztecas Stand and Deliver in my book because they have the real McCoy with a mural/altar of Maria to beat the band and make abuelita (and the local parish priest) proud.Alongside this homage to the Catholic faith and Mexican heritage is also some pretty darn good food that also stands on its own and delivers a full flavored punch.  Their weekend menudo was a spanking authentic tripe filled spicy soup that was as  yummy as the one my suegro used to make.  The tortillas are clearly made on site and have that rare ability to be both crunchy and chewy and very tasty all at once (Gina and I concurred, don't call the calorie police 'cuz clearly some of this food is made with that old third world standby; lard).  When back in the land of farms and freshness I'd love to stop in again and continue my research with my belly up to the counter and my eyes cast heavenwards to Mary and her continued gifts of sustenance and miracles.
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,6/4/2014,176,77,7,10,9>First off, I was very pleased to hear that this restaurant serves dim sum all day! I was talking to my sister about how I've been craving dim sum but unfortunately can never make it in time for any due to my schedule. Usually, dim sum is served until only 3pm, but as soon as Chantelle told me Kon Chau served it all day, I scheduled a dinner date the following day  I'm pretty pleased with the dim sum orders I had. The chicken feet was the bomb.com, not many restaurants make their chicken feet that good. Some use too much bean curd but this was the perfect amount with the perfect zesty flavor, just how I like it! The egg custard tarts were fluffy and EVERYONE must try their fried shrimp covered taro. That was by far my favorite! Their honey roasted baked buns tasted good but a little over baked because the too of the bun was crispy. So I noticed this item I have NEVER seen in a dim sum menu or on the table in my life... Green tea steamed chicken and green tea steamed duck. INTERESTING! I decided to test out what seemed to be the new 2014 dim sum items. Not bad! The green tea crepe was cool haha. If I had to choose... I'd say the duck was better. So my sister and I decided to put their curry Singapore noodles to the test, since we were craving it. It was cooked well, not that bad.... But missing a little something. I don't think there was enough flavor... The curry powder was definitely there and the noodles were mixed in well with the ham and veggies but there was a missing kick of flavor. Needless to say, the Singapore noodles were good, but not exactly tasty. As far as this review goes, I would come here and introduce friends to this place again.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,6/3/2014,18,94,3,17,10>For those of you that read my other reviews you know that five stars is not easy for me to give up. We saw Viva Burger last night while driving to Chef Adrianne's for dinner (same shopping plaza). Today we decided to give it a try with the kids and see if we have finally found the right burger joint for us down in the Southwest. The restaurant is in a small strip mall with a few vacancies next-door, so parking was ample. You have a few picnic tables out front with umbrellas which we probably would enjoy when the weather gets cooler. Inside you have your typical walk-up counter with a window into the kitchen. There are a couple of high-top tables and several regular tables. We were greeted upon arrival by the owner and one of his sons. They were courteous pleasant and very welcoming. We spoke a bit about the Black Angus as well as their signature burger that includes chorizo. Being that it was our first time there we decided to try several things on the menu.  We ordered the truffle infused fries, the cheese fries, the sweet potato fries, and onion rings. We also ordered a couple of the children's burgers a couple of double cheeseburgers and a classic burger.  I've never had truffle infused fries and cannot judge these; they have a very unique taste though. The sweet potato fries were amazing cooked just right and just the right size. Crispy on the outside nice and meaty on the inside. The onion rings were of the frozen variety but they were cooked to the right doneness and paired well with the food overall. The cheese fries were good if you like nacho cheese sauce. The burgers themselves were all great. They were cooked medium and obviously hand formed. I pride myself on being a bit of a burger snob since it's my favorite food and this was a good burger. The five stars though are in large part for the food but also because of the service they provided and how refreshing it was to see a family working together to build a business (owner was later joined by his wife and other children). I wish them well.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,6/2/2014,266,84,7,14,9>Delicious, delicious, delicious! !!!!! We came here for mothers day and they had live music the whole afternoon. the food is plentiful and at a very reasonable price. The ambience is casual and decorations are sparse, giving it a very coozy feeling. The service is exceptional and even with a packed restaurant,  we never felt unattended or neglected. Now for the food.....Mother dearest had pasta. An unconventional choice for a steakhouse but she absolute loved it. She had ham and cheese cannolis drenched in a sauce which I could not identify but I am not a sauce savant. Daddy dearest had the pork. Im not a big pork fan unless its bacon but it was still very good. Boyfriend dearest (some times) and myself both had the 12oz vacio steak medium. OH EM GEE. They understand what medium is, which is surprisingly rare, and the meat was seasoned very simply while still being very rich and flavorful. It was amazing and hands down the best steak I have had in Miami. I actually forced myself to finish it after I was full because it was that good. 4 plates, 4 drinks, 1 coffee,  all under $70!! Can't be beat. Definitely a place we will return to!!!!!
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,6/1/2014,92,65,8,13,9>Teri...Ahhh My Fabulous Hair Stylist :-)Where to start...Teri came highly recommended by a mutual friend in 1999. Back then she was working at Peter of London in Kendall. She soon then parted ways with POL and along with a group of talented hairdressers and spa professionals, they opened up what is now The Strand in Pinecrest. I have lived in Broward County and even moved to the State of Colorado for some time, and still was very loyal to my hairdresser. Only once did I stray because of my zero ability for patience which I have yet to conquer...she was booked! That alone tells you what a great stylist she is. Never again have I strayed. Lesson learned.Teri analyzes my hair and starts to ask "Ok, what are we going to do?" She is not only professional but approachable and honest. She lets you know if your hair needs help and if your hair will look good with the do you're trying to go for. If I say cut it all off, it's almost always a NO! Because I'm drastic like that...but that was a while ago. Now I just tell her I want layers, not too short, etc. and I trust that she will leave me looking pretty ;) Her magic always works! I may be a bit difficult to work with but only because of my CDO (OCD for those yet not familiar...hehehe). I do things a certain way and Teri understands this. Yes, she is definitely patient with me. She bares with me! God bless her :) After she's done with my hair, Erika will happily wash my hair yet again. I need to be hair free or else I will have a titi fit! Or maybe because Erika gives a great scalp massage. Yeah, that's it! Thank you Erika! You're wonderful.Overall this establishment is not only exceptionally clean but equipped with a very friendly professional staff. You're also offered a glass of wine to start off your day, whatever time that may be. Prices are set by each artist. So inquire within.I highly recommend Teri for your hair needs. Make your appointments now!P.S. Not sure what those two negative reviews are about or even sure how it got through the Yelp automated software since both reviewers have no measures of quality, reliability and have zero activity on Yelp. Shame. Please don't listen to them.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,6/28/2010,103,159,5,6,7>I started off enjoying a great 69 followed by the mother of all Screaming Orgasms and i still wanted to keep going. I'm talking about the names of the sushi rolls, of course. Those two dishes are probably some of the best sushi platters i have ever had, and that's saying a lot for a meat & potatoes kind of guy like me. I ordered the Sushi and Sashimi platter with my boyfriend and we loved everything on it. From the salmon and white fish sashimi, to the California and spicy tuna rolls, we pretty much licked the plate clean. Each plate came with a choice of ginger salad or soup, both were crowd-pleasers. Our plate was delicious and all, but when i tried my friend's 69 and Screaming Orgasm dishes, I regretted not ordering them instead. Oh my God, were they tasty! I'm looking forward to coming back here very soon!
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,6/27/2010,194,773,11,21,13>This is my review #400; I am glad I could place my review for Fratelli Milano here.  I think that it is appropriate as a milestone marker.  I am ALWAYS apprehensive about a place that has so many high marks from so many different people.  Can it really be THAT good?  Truth be told, I was on my way to Soya e Pomodoro, but found they were closed and as I was trying to find my way home through the maze of one-way downtown streets, I saw Fratelli Milano.  Now, that normally wouldn't be a reason to stop, but there was a parking spot directly out front on a busy night -- this was destiny telling me that I HAD to stop.  And so we stopped for dinner.We sat outside and were greeted with smiles and open menus.  After hearing the specials and receiving toast with an olive oil and sun dried tomato mixture and butter, we ordered our drinks and a soup:Garbanzo/Chicken soupCokeNero D'avolaAs we awaited our preliminary order, we dove into the toast and side items while trying to decide on our entrees.  The toast (which appeared to be bruschetta toast) dipped in the olive oil and sun dried tomato mixture was quite good.  A little butter only added depth to it.  Our drinks and soup arrived and we were ready to order dinner:LasagnaScaloppine al LimoneThe smell of the wine was intoxicatingly wonderful.  I wish that the flavor was as bountiful as the smell or that the wine didn't smell so good so that the flavor wouldn't have been so anti-climactic -- it tasted fine, I just expected more.  The soup was quite good.  The garbanzos in the soup were actually cooked all the way through and were not in the least hard nor mushy.  The overall flavor of the chicken and vegetables was good.  As we waited for our entrees, we slowly ate the bowl of soup while eating the toast.As we finished the soup, our entrees arrived.  I must say that I didn't care for the lasagna; but this was solely due to the sausage -- I don't like Italian sausage.  My friend really enjoyed it, though he did say that he wished it had a little less fennel in it.  The scaloppine al limone was quite good.  Not the best I have ever had, but very near it.  The wine, butter, lemon, and capers were all in a wonderful balance and the veal was not overly breaded nor was its flavor lost in the sauce.  My scaloppine was accompanied by a side of greens with goat cheese and dressing and some herbed potatoes.  The greens didn't taste bad and I enjoyed the goat cheese (not feta) immensely.  The potatoes were okay, but they tasted like something you could get at Maria's on Coral Way -- I enjoy Maria's potatoes more.  The overall taste of the entree, though, was just really good.  I have such a hard time finding a good lemon-wine sauce since it is so difficult for people to get the balance right.  At the end of the meal, our server told us about all of the desserts.  We ordered chocolate cake and were then told that it was sold out.  I think this was destiny again interceding to make certain we try something new.  Our server went ahead and suggested the profiterol -- a puff pastry filled with cream and covered in chocolate and almond cream.  After a slight break from eating, a large plate filled with 5 puffs was brought to our table.  The flavor was amazing.  This is not a sweet dessert, it is filled with wonderous flavor that is then punctuated by the sweetness of the strawberry at the center of the plate.  I must get this dessert again.I was quite happy with this restaurant and I will definitely be returning.  I can truthfully say that it is no comparison to Soya e Pomodoro since they are two entirely different entities.  You could never go to one expecting to get the same food that you received at the other since they serve different entrees.
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,6/26/2010,278,388,5,8,8>Flip Burger bar is a great little spot that just opened up on NE 123rd, near Biscayne and I think it's a great addition to the area.It's decorated w/a lot of unfinished wood and industrial metal piping, giving it a raw, urban feel.  It serves as a burger joint, and a sporty beer bar with it's flat screen tv's and juke box.  It really belongs in mid-town Miami, or even NYC.  There's nothing like it on this side of town, so I think they've found a great little nitch. The beer selection is pretty elaborate and the burgers are large.  I ordered The Fireman: Jalepeno peppers, Jack cheese, and Chipotle BBQ sauce.  I thought the Jalepenos would be cooked, but they add them in raw.  I could handle on or two of them, but I had to take the rest off.  Thankfully I had a Brooklyn Lager draft to help put out the fire.... WHEW.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,6/25/2010,124,104,9,15,11>When I started training here 3 months ago, I was a Capoeira newbie...actually a Martial Arts newbie at that.  I had spent 2 months in physical therapy from a fractured shoulder and was horrendously out of shape.  Instructora India and all of my classmates have provided me a ton of support in learning the basics, have pushed me into better shape, and have been patient in walking me through the intense moves.If you are looking for hands on training in Capoeira, this is a great school for it.  Classes are offered during the evening on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays and during the day on Saturdays, which is great for people with 9-5 work week schedules.  Pricing is either monthly or per class and uniforms are required and available for purchase. And its worth buying the uniform...you can't help but look sexy in those Capoeira pants!
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,6/24/2010,165,258,7,9,10>Talk about a walk-worthy (or drive-worthy) anchor at the base of Midtown!  Morgan's is a perfect weekend brunch spot.  They're now serving brunch on Saturday and Sunday, and sitting outside on the roomy terrace this afternoon was a little bit of Miami heaven.  Here are a few highlights:1.  The parking lot is big and keeps cars in plain site.  You may be thinking, "Parking lot?  Really, Ken?"  I found it to be comforting.  Some of you know that our car was broken into a few weeks back.  So, car in site is worth five stars to me right now.2.  The eggs benedict were perfect.  PERFECT!  Executing benedict well is not easy.  Often the hollandaise is too heavy or salty or tasteless.  The eggs can be overcooked.  Well, you know.  Morgan's nailed it.  Organic eggs were brilliantly cooked.  The hollandaise was sincerely the best I've ever had.  It had just the right consistency and a hint of citrus.  The side of homefries slammed it home.3.  The club sandwich was good...not great, but good.  It was less of a true club, given that it was only one layer tall.  It was also missing a bit of fat or moisture.  The addition of avocado would have made this a real winner.  The shoestring fries served with were tasty and abundant.4.  Service was attentive and friendly, from busboy to manager.  All were welcoming.  They gifted us with a chocolate chip cookie on the way out that is bigger than my head.  I'm looking at it now as it beckons me to eat it, but I shall resist...until after dinner.They'll be starting dinner next week, and we'll definitely be back to explore more of what Morgan's has to offer.  Keep on going, Morgan's.  You've got it all right in my book.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,6/23/2010,77,119,5,10,9>Maria's...what a pleasant surprise! I already know where I'll be getting my greek lunch fix from now on.I'm so happy to have found another authentic Greek restaurant other than Mykonos. I'm sure they are rivals in many ways based on geographical proximity and cuisine, but Maria's is the closest I'll be getting to Santorini for a while.You would never think by the outside, that it's so clean. You can tell it has also been renovated recently.  The Saganaki (flaming fried cheese) is the best I've had in a while. I ordered the chicken kabob platter which was a generous portion of sides and the chicken was perfectly seasoned. The gyro platter had several slices of lamb, too.But what is really important here is the tzatziki sauce. It was fresh and creamy. I just wish they gave more of it. Regardless, I ordered extra just for my rice and pita bread. Finally, the meal ended with none other than a galaktoboureko aka "galactic booty call". It came out hot and delicious with just the right amount of syrup, phyllo pastry, and custard. It was just too good to resist  for someone who doesn't even like desserts.You can tell this is a family-owned and operated restaurant which is always a plus when it comes to service and the quality of food.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,6/21/2010,904,1293,15,12,15>So... I am in Coral Gables, walking into Fat Burger the first thing that pops into mind "Sir Mix a Lot's" voice rapping... "I like Fat Burger and I can not lie You other sisters can't deny That when a girl walks in with a huge huge hunger And a juicy burger in your face You get ROUND" //snap// I like my burger like Sir Mix A Lot likes his butts.. FAT. NYUM NYUM... The Large Burger screams "CARLA EAT ME!" , hearing its call - I did, I sooo did with some of the best fries I have ever eaten in my life, its true!! I do not lie, the skinny fries made sweet love to my Large Burger in my mouth. I walked out nice and full, and my smile is super BIG! How can you argue with the simplicity of a good old, no nonsense, no frills, real, honest to goodness American Hamburger. Like skinny fries? Got 'em. Like your fries fat? Got those too. Like Onion Rings? Sure! Chili dog? No problem. And for all you girlies watching your figures they also have Chicken and Veggie burgers. This girl, however likes MEAT! Bring it on!
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,6/20/2010,12,67,5,6,6>LOVE this place for the baked goods. Great for breakfast pastries like croissants and muffins (the regular ones, not the low fat ones... yuck). I know many people who are big fans of the almond croissants. My personal favorite is the cappuccino chocolate chip muffin. Getting a muffin and regular coffee here is cheaper than Starbucks and much much tastier! The cakes are great too. Their cheesecake with fruit on top is the best cheesecake I've ever eaten. I also love their tiramisu cake. The seedless rye bread is the best rye bread in town. I've also special ordered items here like brioche bread (AMAZING!) and pastry platters. One time when I went to pick up a platter, I realized when I got home that it was the wrong one. I called the place, and the manager delivered the correct platter to my house! Who does that anymore??This place doesn't just have breads and pastries. They also have a deli, wines and gourmet foods. But the bakery is the best part!
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2009,6/19/2010,420,662,13,17,18>I thought I knew sushi, but I didn't know jack until I stepped foot into NAOE last night. Being my all-time favorite type of food (besides Ethiopian), I thought I understood what Japanese food was all about, but NAOE was truly eye-opening.The simple, quiet restaurant, seating only 17, is tucked away into a strip mall. The back entrance is actually the one to use, but we entered through the front, not realizing. The front door, facing the main street, is actually blacked out. Never in a million years would you know it was there. Thank God my bBFspoke to Wendy when he made the reservations for our anniversary, and she helped with navigation.The bento box was extraordinary. The beauty was in the details - shaved pieces of seaweed, marinated Japanese melon, sardine rice. Everything had a distinctive and unique flavor - quite unlike anything I'd ever had before. Delightful. Now that I've had the real deal when it comes to wasabi, I don't know how I'm going to return to the regular stuff. Afterwards, we went through 4 rounds of nigiri sushi - fantastic. Having tried uni before, and not liking it AT ALL, we decided to give it one more shot here. Fabulous. Not mushy and mealy like we'd had at other places, but simply lovely.Kevin and Wendy are incredible. They take everything with grace and a smile.Keep in mind, this is a dining experience, not a place to grab a quick meal, or make special requests. Everything is chef's choice, and you won't be disappointed. Prepare to be amazed and delighted. Set aside an entire evening, and save your pennies - you won't want to say no to anything here. Thanks Maria, for the tip about this place. Best meal ever!!!
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,6/18/2010,43,42,4,6,6>As a Brickell resident, I can proudly say i eat at Perricones, and I do so often. I frequent the awesome outdoor dining room, located under the trees and stars. I also take advantage of their timely delivery services, offered 7 days a week. The Thursday night 10$ pasta special is awesome, because everything on the entire pasta page is only 10$. Also, free drinks for the ladies on Wednesday night is a plus. Since i feel like somewhat of a Perricones aficionado, I'm just going to list a bunch of dishes that I like and have ordered multiple times. 1. Chicken Parm w/ Pasta (nice and crispy)2. Fiocchi Gorgonzola (sweet pasta, if you dig)3.Gnocchi w/ Pink Sauce (strait up awesomeness) 4. Chicken Salad Sandwich (solid, no frills, supposedly world famous)5. Pecan Crusted Salmon Salad (w/ strawberries?!)6. Whole Wheat Penne With Fresh Salmon (awesome cream sauce) 7. Meatball Parm Sub (duh!)8. Baked Brie En Croute (addicting, love the apricot sauce)There you have it, I hope it helps. Enjoy!
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,10/4/2012,31,99,2,5,4>Looking for apartments in Miami is a big headache especially when you're constantly dealing with realtors that don't respond or just flat don't know enough about the areas to give you a good idea of what's available. Rebecca at ERG was just a breath of fresh air.  It was a Saturday morning that we  needed to find a new home after a previous offer fell through. First of all the ERG website is probably the only legit and up to date one we've seen after browsing all of the apartment listing sites online.  Many times you call and the unit has been rented or you can't even get a hold of someone.  But the ERG website provided up to date information and my husband and I were able to immediately find a few that interested us.  Rebecca immediately got us showings on the same afternoon.  She was knowledgeable in all the complexes we looked at, was able to explain the differences between our options.  And even thought about things like requesting blinds or requesting closet shelving when we didn't even know those were things you could ask for.  She's thorough in her work, providing concise details and always keeping us well informed, she did the walk through with us, took photos of any defects, and was so well organized in always providing a paper trail soft copy.  AND as if that wasn't enough, she always responds to texts or calls unlike the other 90% we've tried to work with here so yes 5 stars hands down. If you need a good realtor, you know where to go!
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,10/3/2012,58,58,6,4,4>Last Sunday my hubby, me and a couple friends of ours made our way up to Jaxson's Ice Cream Parlour and Restaurant. We had to make a line outside but it was quite short since the seating is more based upon your party size and not so much as where you placed on the line. My party being four was escorted in before a group of seven that was there earlier. But no one complained, which really shocked me. As we entered you are overwhelmed by the Old Time feel of the place, the door leads you into a small room, no bigger than a walking closet, full of Old Time candies and toys. Some novelty T-Shirts are also on sale. This place is small and I mean really small and it was filled to capacity. Our waitress, who was wearing a red and white striped uniform (looked like a Candy Striper and you know how old you are if you know the uniform I am talking about) led us to our booth. Almost instantly an older gentle man walked over and asked if we wanted Pop Corn which we all said no. God forgive us if we fill any part of tummy that was not solely with Ice Cream. No we had to leave room.We had all the best intentions to order a meal but, one look at the marvelous mountains of ice cream passing us by and we all ordered the dessert.  I had the Sunday, vanilla ice cream with Strawberries and Marshmallow. I fell in love at first taste. Call me a Fat A-SS, I don't care, I dove into my Sunday like a starving Lion in the Serengeti with a fresh kill. This was heaven in a bowl. My only regret is that they also have a selection of sugar free ice cream, but the cow in me didn't even bother to read the sign.  My hubby had the Hot Sunday and lusted after a Chocolate Shake that passed by , but he refrained from ordering the shake to wash down his Sunday. The ice cream is great!  Unpretentiously good, I mean nothing like the weird concoctions they sell in I cream boutiques with flavors like Black Bean Mint, or Squash and Melon.I recommend this special place especially for the kids in all of us. I will say the treat set us back approximately forty bucks for all four of us, which is not bad since we all left completely and utterly satisfied.Now head to the Gym !
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,10/2/2012,326,97,15,14,12>I'd like to think I'm a woman who stands by her word.(Note: Previous statement is null and void after a couple of gin and tonics. Basically, let's not count on me naming my first child after your deceased Pop pop Giuseppi, I don't care WHAT I told you during happy hour.)So, in an older review of Peter of London, I mentioned following my personal "hair whisperer" Karen to the ends of the Earth.  Seems that the end of the world resides in Kendall. Shocker.Anyway, true to my word, I now take my pixie-ish locks to her new digs at Luxe.  The vibe is all Miami Vice-80s-cool.  You know, the classic interior design moves every house in Miami sported when Crocket and Tubbs were still holding it down.  The acrylic blocked wall, the slate gray walls, black leather furniture.  You know the deal. The ladies are ever-so-gracious and friendly.  But that takes a back seat to their talent, because each and every one of them knows their way around a color bar and a pair of scissors.But the real deal here is Karen.  Also, the free sangria they pass out.Have some short tresses or maybe thinking about lopping off the whole affair a la Miley Cyrus (and hey - I actually think her shag do' is kinda hot.)?  Karen's your girl.But seriously: free sangria.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,10/1/2012,274,769,12,13,11>In an attempt to stave off cabin fever - and weather news overdose - I ventured out to South Beach  (IN THE THICK OF THE CONE OF DEATH!!!) to take some pictures of the waves, surfers, pretty tourist girls and meet for lunch with a couple of friends. Start off with their ribs! Apparently deep fried and with a sprinkle of peanuts, their four pieces of beef ribs start-sweet-spicy after taste Korean BBQ sauce that could have been a meal in and of itself. Seriously, the portions were nice enough that made my Miami Spice main course more work to finish. I deconstructed my main course chicken sandwich into just a chicken breast with the kimchi sprouts (surprisingly tasty and spicy!) and basic fries. Those I enjoyed with their spicy ketchup, which was actually pretty spicy! I ended up needing a couple refills of their unlimited $5 coke. Ah but there was room for their lychee and mango pudding all jiggly and sweet! It was even prettied up with a mint leaf, whipped cream and a couple of other fruits.I do have to have a "infamous angry hiphopper" moment and complain: I wrote my review, the meal was great but I'm going to complain about their 18% automatic tip and tax on the tip killed what would have been a fifth star.  I'm lazy - if I'm going to tip higher, and see it already calculated I'm not going to do any extra math and calculate it. Besides, it's a matter of principle with me; I'm old school and tip is earned, not automatic. OK, End Rant!
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/30/2012,227,222,8,10,8>Looooooove meeeeeeeeee some Tobacco Road.Seriously. Honestly and truly. Cross my heart and hope to die.Tobacco Road typifies the words "staple" and "mainstay."Really and truly.I first started frequenting this place during their 96th Anniversary celebration, and if the dive decor and pretty awesome patio area weren't enough to win me over, the then Happy Hour special was: that is, all drinks for ninety-six cents for ninety-six minutes.It was like luring me into a van with candy.And now, though the Happy Hour isn't quite the same, Tobacco Road still does well in offering a particular beer alongside a mixed drink for a ridiculously low price (each).I really do think it's the best Happy Hour in town.Show up on a Friday, and you'll usually find a DJ or live band (or both) entertaining thirsty yuppies outside, and if it's a bite to eat you require, Tobacco Road is often selling some small snack for a buck or two during Friday's Happy Hour also. And all I've talked about thus far is Happy Hour!Outside of the post-work rush, Tobacco Road is far and away a respectable bar/restaurant. In fact, respectable is an understatement. RESPLENDENT.How 'bout 'dem apples???The kitchen is top notch. Now, I'm not talking five-star-restaurant "top notch;" I'm talking dive-bar-with-character "top notch." My dish of choice is the Mo 'Betta, which is a chicken Philly-type deal with cheese, mushrooms, and a mound of fries. And if you're in the mood for barbecue, just this past weekend I had an opportunity to try some, and I can tell you it's smoky and tender in all the ways that barbecue should be.And if you don't want anything from the kitchen, you can often find a cavalcade of food trucks parked right outside, so really, there's always an assortment of delicious, fatty goodness just waiting to be traded for greenbacks.I mean, there's a reason this place has been around for so long, and more and more, there are reasons why it'll be around long after you and I are gone.Get your butt over there now. And look for me. I'll be the guy licking the walls like a character in "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory."
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,9/29/2012,1381,665,7,9,7>Dear State of Mind,I first discovered you at Fairchild Garden's Orchid Festival, which was held early in March.  You have beautiful hypertufa pots, as well as gorgeous ceramic wall hanging flower pot things.  Everything you do is handmade with tons of love and passion, and it shows in the craftsmanship of your work.  We ended up buying a few hypertufas during the Orchid show, which we quickly put to use.  Not long after, I found myself wanting more hypertufa pots.  Luckily, we had your business card and gave you a call.  Coordinating with you to pick up some new additions was simple, and we met soon after.  I am so glad we've met you and are now "regular" customers!It's a pleasure to work with your products.  Thank you for making these wonderful and beautiful planters!  They are definitely a beautiful addition to our garden.All the best to you!Love, SabrinaAnna*
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,9/28/2012,298,503,8,20,12>Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you a new favorite restaurant.Yet another amazing restaurant nestled in a strip mall that is unexpectedly doing things just right. Arrived on time for a 7pm reservation and got seated right away. We had the choice of a regular table or a sofa "booth". We chose the booth. It's really a sofa with a table and a couple of chairs in front of it. The sofa was a little too low for me so I had to use a pillow to prop me up (no shorty jokes please). It was very comfortable.We were greeted right away. Service began and ended on a great note. It was just the right amount of attention. Corkage was $ 25.00 for the wine we brought. We ordered the grilled shrimp lollipops with a guava BBQ sauce and the gourmet cheese platter to start. While we waited we were served their warm bread. Ahhhh, it's like they know me! They then brought us an eggplant tapenade for the amuse bouche. That was the perfect bit to kick everything off with. Everything delivered was incredible and went great with our cab. I wanted to bottle up that guava BBQ sauce! Didn't care too much for the crackers served with the cheese but I was using them as vessels to have more of the BBQ sauce. The drunken goat was my absolute favorite of the cheeses (the other was manchego). We also tried their special scallop wrapped in smoked Canadian bacon. It was just one but good enough to try out. It was great as well.For our main course we split the 15oz rib eye. They were nice enough to split that for us into a medium and a medium rare including the sides. It was cooked to PERFECTION! We also split their shrimp truffle mac and cheese. The portion is smaller than most restaurants but just right. It went perfectly with our steak. Nothing in the dessert menu actually looked appetizing so we asked our waitress to bring whatever their most popular one is. She brought over the "Indulgence". This is a concoction of mango and coconut sorbet topped with meringue in a passion fruit sauce. This is not my usual type of dessert. I usually go for rich, cake like sweets. This, however, was really very good. My husband doesn't even like mango and was loving it. At some point we ran out of our wine and we ordered one by the glass. We asked her to choose one for us which I ended up not liking and she did not hesitate to bring me another to try. The second one was great.Ended it with a cortadito (which they know how to make) and we were two happy campers. The decor is cozy and elegant. The kitchen is open to the bar and quite small. You can see everything as they make it. They must have a wonderful ventilation system because you cannot smell any of it in the dining area. There is a section  by the entrance which is a wine bar with lounge type chairs and a second bar. I am completely in love with our experience here and will be running back as soon as I can!
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/27/2012,10,37,1,6,2>I'm a big fan of their sister restaurant, Coconuts, so I've been wanting to try this place for a while now. The place is small and filled up very quickly so I recommend calling ahead. Its also very intimate and a perfect place for a date. The menu was small but had a wide variety of dishes. I was impressed with their selection of mostly microbrew drafts. Their wine list is fairly decent as well; however, they do not serve liquor.  My wife and I had dinner there last night and this place did not disappoint. Its becoming increasingly rare these days to have an entire meal, i.e. appetizer through desert/drinks and service, that is excellent. Last night was one of those nights. We started with the lollipop chicken wings. They were the perfect combination of texture (crispy on the outside and moist on the inside), taste (savory, sweet, with just the right amount of spice), and presentation (beautifully french cut off the bone). For dinner I had the bangers and mash. I have to admit my surprise when they brought it out. The bangers were well cooked and very flavorful; however, it was the mash that really sold the dish. They use fingerling potatoes, which I think were roasted than pan fried to give them a nice and crispy outside while being soft and tender on the inside. They then mix the bangers with an arugula salad, which as I'm typing sounds weird, but trust me works beautifully together. Service was also great. While we had one main server who always seemed near when we needed her, we also had several other staff members stop by and pour our wine, check on our food, clear our plates, etc. You can tell that their staff has a real eye for providing excellent service. Overall, I highly recommend this place. I can't wait to go back myself.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,9/26/2012,343,219,9,14,9>It is my third time coming here. the place its gorgeous vibe is hip and believe it or not the place its in the middle of nowhere, yet all three times that Ive been here its full and people just keep coming in. On Saturday they have live music from Carlos who sings amazing songs from salsa, merengue and music we can all appreciate from the radio. The dance floor was packed and everyone seemed to be having a blast. I found the best spot for a date in this place, but i will keep that to myself  ;) . Now they recently introduced a Bar-B-Q section which is nice, and besides the tapas or ordering food you can get some burgers,hot dogs etc....As i was having a small chat with David the manager of the winery, he was letting me know that since the weather wasn't that cold this season there are not that many lychee trees flowering this season. They are still selling some wine from last crop but he did mention that y mid summer it may be hard to get some. So if you appreciate their wines, specially the lychee which its their best seller you should purchase some no that its available. The winery overall is very clean,very well kept and the waterfalls are just captivating and just brings out the romantic in you. This place its lie spring for birds, if you have a husband, girlfriend or partner make sure you two head over to the winery and enjoy a great evening, you are bound to have one there.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,9/25/2012,52,67,8,9,7>Definitely my favorite Chinese take-out place in Coral Springs! This family owned restaurant is located right next to the Oriental Square market on University and Royal Palm Blvd, underneath the sign that says "Suki Takeout". I'm not sure why it's up there, but at least you know where the place is now (and knowing is half the battle!). It's a small, quaint place with only a few tables and chairs, so not ideal for dining in. But I usually call to place an order and pick it up later anyway, and never had any issues. Well there was this one instance where I ordered some dishes in Chinese (I didn't know what they were called in English, fail), but I guess the kid who took my order is still learning so I got the wrong thing. This is why I advocate young people learning the language native to their ethnicity, but that's for another topic. It's all good though, the family who works there is pretty friendly and they work hard to get things right.Anyway, the food here is great! The usual dishes I get are the beef stir-fried flat noodles, grouper fish with tofu, and salt and pepper pork chop. All legit and delicious, and won't make me feel like drinking a large fresh-water aquarium that usually comes from eating most other take-out places. They also have dim sum!
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2009,9/19/2009,268,629,6,7,8>so my 16 friends and i spent the entire day on saturday at the mandarin. here is a glimpse of my fabulous birthday...we arrived by 10 am to the overly excited and nice valet attendants. walked thru the gorgeous lobby, down the stairs to the pool and spa area.  the pool is definitley underwhelming, and gets packed quick as there is not that much space. you'd think such a nice and grand hotel would have a huge pool, infinity, swin up bar, waterfalls, something... nope just a standard pool here but the "beach" area more than makes up for it with its white soft sand, beds and cabanas with stunning views of brickell and the rickenbacker causeway.we entered the spa area to 3 ridiculously nice greeters. we were immediately entranced with the scents and aromas of the spa and the perfectly dim lighting. they had us relax and take a seat while they got everything ready for us. they brought us cold towels, tea, and slippers and our shoes vanished within minutes. we filled out our paperwork, were assigned lockers, and then were guided to locker room.in the lockers we had a bottle of water and extra plush robe waiting for us. we got ready and moved over to the tranquil waiting area where they had almonds, plantain chips, fruit, tea, and water available. there was also a color therapy sauna, aromatherapy steam room, and 2 multi jet showers. we sat and talked while we waited to be called in for our treatments, then 1 by 1 we were gone.my masseuse came to get me, but took me out a different door than everyone else had gone. they had upgraded me to a 5th floor private spa suite as a bday treat! with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the bay/brickell, it was gorgeous. i got to pick which oils i wanted for my massage. i laid down on the heated and electrically adjustable bed and began my hour of pure relaxation. every detail of the massage was perfect. i took every chance i would get to sneak a peak of the view and confirm that i was living lifestyles of the rich and famous (although just for an hour)after my treatment i decided to go back downstairs and join my friends although i was tempted to stay in my suite and enjoy the oversized chaise lounge, the huge whirpool tub, and jumbo jet showers!!we waited for the rest of the girls to finish their treatments and went over to have lunch at cafe sambal (separate review) where we sat outside under a large covered area and watched the afternoon shower go by.we headed back to the pool area, and with the sun shining received our complimentary frozen drinks and made the most of the late lazy afternoon. after a few hours we finally decided to call it a day. so we went back to the locker rooms to get ready to go home.we used the multi jet showers and they did not miss a beat with the toiletries available -- q tips to combs, blowers to curling/flat iron, tooth brush to razors, you name it they had it or would get it for you!!when checking out, we got our shoes back and turned in the ultra comfortable slippers. we paid for our services and recevied a complimentary spa gift - each of us received a mor body butter! what a nice touch!!  2 friends actually stayed behind because they enjoyed the first treatment so much they decided to add on 2 more and stay till spa's closing.the rest of us went back upstairs paid the $11 for validated valet, my car appeared within the minute and we drove home in a purely relaxed state of mind for a night of extra tranquil sleep!!
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,9/18/2009,142,62,3,6,7>i give fairchild gardens a 4.5i love coming here to detox and destress- it's very relaxing and always enjoyable. there is such a great variety of plants and trees all beautiful and unique. my ultimate favorite is the rainbow eucalyptus tree. it's amazing how it looks like an artist painted it's trunk in vibrant hues of lime, periwinkle, and orange- it's beautiful and quite a site to see. i love walking around the gardens and finding things i had never noticed before- every time you go there, there's something different whether it be a different exhibit or certain flowers in bloom- it's quite spectacular. i was able to go this past weekend and get myself the associate plus membership for the price of the entrance fee into the park (thanks maria a. for letting us yelpers know:) so i'm excited to go back more often and take a blanket and sit under a tree and relax. maybe a bench would be more like it, they have lots of little creatures there- crabs, iguanas, alligators, turtles, and these super cool orange and black lizards that i just love! i know, i sound like a geek- but it's just amazing to see what nature can produce! their garden cafe also offers very refreshing sandwiches, snacks, and drinks, it's a bit expensive though, especially since you had to pay $20 to get in (reason for 4.5 stars and not 5); but their food is quite good. i tried the tropical turkey sandwich and it was just delicious. it was a yummy homemade croissant, topped with fresh turkey, havarti cheese (so creamy), cucumber, microgreens, and this amazing tropical fruit relish- it was delicious! i paired that with one of their tropical sodas- fruit juice mixed with soda and cane sugar- very delicious as well. i really like it here, and have even contemplated having my future wedding here- it's that beautiful. so if you want to go get away from it all- come here and enjoy the peace and the beautiful nature- and their yummy sandwiches!
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2009,9/17/2009,487,145,6,6,8>Leaving SlimYogurt on 163 I had thought I had found my new yogurt shop. That was until I saw the grand opening of That Cool Cafe. I love openings and found myself walking inside to check out what they had. They not only had the same yogurt I had fallen in love with in New York, but they served salads, sandwiches and they even make killer smoothies out of the yogurt! I have run into very random people at this cool place, showing its for everyone, while proving its become quite the hit.At times when I'm in the mood for yogurt, I stop by here; however I find myself having lunch here on the regular! Some recommendations;Wraps: Hotel California, Rodeo Drive or if in the mood for tuna, try the Pacific Coast.Smoothies: South Peach or my favorite the Mango-Tango.Make your own salad, you can't go wrong. Although I only touched on a couple of items, friends of mine can agree just about anything you order, you'll happily finish and love.I'd keep on with this review, but I just got very hungry; this cool guy is headed to That Cool Cafe!!
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2009,9/15/2009,64,481,4,5,5>Fox's, the downmarket Minetta Tavern of Miami. Great place to drink martini's with your fried pork chops, or your salad, or your second martini. A classic. The only bar left in Miami. Don't enter from the front door, everyone will think that you are either a bum or your car has broken down on Dixie Highway. Just remember to drink that martini BEFORE you eat the food.
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2009,9/14/2009,98,163,4,8,5>As a MiMo denizen, I finally found my way to Kingdom...and boy am I glad I did.Kingdom is a great bar with yummy burgers, cheese steaks, onion rings, and chicken wings with a total neighborhood-y feel. It's the type of place where the owner comes up to you, introduces himself and makes you feel at home, which is really nice.There's also a juke box playing oldies and Top 40 hits and a plethora of TVs tuned into sports and news programs for entertainment.Another plus? I brought my toddler (Yes, to a bar. Whatever.) and she LOVED the music and food and we didn't feel uncomfortable one bit.The burgers are GREAT as are the cheese steaks andI know we will be going back when we get the itch for a burger, beer and wings.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2009,9/13/2009,290,370,5,7,6>I think I'm in love with this place. It reminds me of a cafe I'd find in San Francisco, so to have a place like it down here makes me giddy. I adore the artsy yet relaxed vibe this place has.I've been on a sangria kick these past few weeks and Le Cafe has their own delicious batch that definitely hit the spot. Add to that the great artwork, tasty food, and vintage furniture to round out my favorite new hangout spot. It kind of reminds me a bit of South Miami's Joffrey's but more updated. The chicken salad sandwich was a treat and whatever dressing they put on their side salad is delicious. A bit tangy but oh so tasty. Overall very fresh and simply cuisine. I also recommend their chocolate cupcakes. They may be small but they pack a heavy chocolate-y punch. I'll definitely be back to try out the coffee selection and brunch menu.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,9/12/2009,180,262,4,10,7>Good thing I found this restaurant via Yelp, because I wouldn't have stopped in otherwise.  Hidden in a random shopping center (complete with jewelry store and gun shops), but once you walk inside, you forget where you are.  Went with my mom and sister, and we were starving... so we ordered wayyy too much food.  Tortilla and Patatas (potatos) Bravas as tapas.  Tortilla was okay (a little too bright yellow for my comfort) and the patatas were delicious.  But we should've held off on the tapas, or just stuck to tapas, because the main dishes were huge.Paella de la Casa could've fed the 3 of us (maybe 2 if a hungry man was involved).  I ordered Pargo y Camarones al Gallego-- Red Snapper fillet and shrimp in an olive oil/red pepper sauce combo with potatos.  Would've skipped the potato tapas had I known that's what I would've ended up ordering.Sangria glass was deliciously strong, but small... and dessert was great as well.  Natilla I think.  The meal was $60 for 3 people with appetizer, entrees, dessert, sangria AND coffee.  Great deal and heaps of food.  Felt like I was eating at someone's house, and it seemed as if everyone who walked in was a regular.  The waiters saying hello to families as if they were old friends, and just very nice crowd and service. Will definitely go back.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2008,9/11/2009,75,118,5,8,7>I thought I wrote about this joint a long time ago...oops!I fell in love immediately with Le Tub back in 2005. I was given an Hollywood insider tip to go and have a burger that I would never be able to finish. I was also told, "Don't tell anyone about this place unless they deserve it." I obliged. Unfortunately, Gail King did no such thing, nor did GQ magazine back in 2005-2006 because since their reviews, which were national, Le Tub as been more like Le John, or Le Toilette. Service can take 1.5 hours for a burger. And these burgers, though they are delicious, are not the best in the whole world. It' s the atmosphere. The over grown tropical foliage, the water, the boats drifting by, the chance to sit in the bench swing with a friend. Inside there is a pool table and a juke box. There is a one stall ladies toilet with super damp toilet paper. Service can be good but it's really hit or miss.If they parking lot is full, avoid at all cost. If you find a spot, ask what the service time is before sitting down and committing. But going for drinks, well you can't screw up there!CASH ONLY!!
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2008,9/10/2009,253,216,6,7,6>There's nothing better than getting a yard when you expected an inch...Raffi's Latin American Restaurant did just that!We had an appointment at the Visionworks and decided to go grab breakfast beforehand. I remembered there being a Latin American in that shopping center and was up for some good eggs and toast. First things first, this place is CHEAP!! The total bill was 12 dollars for 2. I am willing to go out on a longshot and say that they served some of the BEST Cuban toast I have ever had. I'm Cuban-I eat Cuban toast all of the time but this one was AMAZING!!!! My eggs were cooked to perfection and they have delicious sausage as well! The service was good, but the waitress took long in bringing us our check even though we told her we had an appointment. That's the only reason why they didn't get five stars.If you're in the neighborhood for some delicious Cuban-style breakfast hit this place up. Both your wallet and stomach will thank you!
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2009,9/9/2009,587,1627,16,17,10>I was starving, and past 3 AM. I know, it's odd for me not to have dinner past that time too! So I went out with a friend to look for some grub to eat.Upon arriving Sergio's and finding it closed at 3, I belted a groan: ME: "Dam, I thought it was open for 24 hours in the weekends!"FRIEND: "La Carreta? IHOP?"ME: "Hrm. I want a pepito. But eh, let's go to La Carreta" (and no, I didn't give that great of a review for La Carreta)FRIEND: "But there's yummy pancakes at IHOP"ME: "Oh." *Politely nod* "La Carreta, por favor."So we drive to La Carreta.ME: "It's CLOSED too! Dam, let's just go to IHOP."FRIEND: *Looks at me* "Are you sure?"ME: "Yes, IHOP, please!" (I was starving at this time!)FRIEND: "There's a place on 27th Ave..."ME: "Ayestaran?" (Thought back to my not-so-good experience there)FRIEND: *Looks puzzled* "No... Mary's Cafe."ME: *shot a look* "Mary's? There's a Mary's? What's Mary's?"FRIEND: "Yeah, sandwiches stuff. Pan con bistec, etc, etc"ME: "Okay, Mary's!" (I liked the thought about having a new place to Yelp! ;-))FRIEND: "But it's sandwiches... it's a sandwich pla..."ME: "GO, GO, GO! Mary's!"FRIEND: ::Laughs::So, Mary's. I don't know who you the heck are, and I did notice the sign for Coin Laundry. And I noticed a smaller sign saying "Mary's Deli." You had a pretty good menu of sandwiches, smoothies, Cuban coffee, and of course, the Cuban standby in the warmer (pastelitos, empanadas, etc).I ordered the pan con bistec ($4.50) with the papitas on the side and the pan con bistec was tasty for a late night grub.They make a good-sized cup of fresh-squeezed orange juice ($3.50). My friend's favorite item is the Turkey Club.Nancy is a nice lady that works from 10 PM to 6 AM (or something like that) and she's there every day (except Tuesdays, I think?). It's great to have another 24 hours alternative in Miami.For comparison purposes, this is like Manolo & Rene in downtown, but better in my opinion. Plus, think about it... a 24 hours smoothie shop! Unique... no? ;-)I didn't pay with a credit card, but it looks like a CASH ONLY establishment. The folks here speaks SPANISH. OUTDOOR SEATING ONLY.And yes, it's a hole-in-the-wall. Looks like one too! It looks more like a Cuban cafeteria window than a deli - but that's Miami to you!
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,6/8/2013,415,166,12,18,12>Jay-Z can be credited for what can be the best line that describes the feeling a woman gets when she's had a great experience at a salon, and is done paying, and walking out:ALLOW ME TO RE-INTRODUCE MYSELF-MY NAME IS MEESH! (or whatever your name is)This is how I felt when I stepped out of Luxe. I had let my hair grow up to the point where it created the dreaded "pyramid head" and my curls were beginning to resemble a brillo pad that's seen better days. I had read about this hair wizard named Sara, and as soon as I walked in it was warm smiles, and cold sangria in my hands.Sara listened to what I wanted ( respect my length, but give it texture and movement) and walked me through my ideas for highlights, explaining to me what would work best and look best. I was a bit nervous, but she quickly waved that away as she expertly snipped my hair and chatted with me throughout the haircut about spoken word, music, movies...the works!At the end of the experience, I felt like a million bucks! She refreshed my hairstyle and gave me a great new look for 2013.  Definitely have found my go to colorist!
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,6/7/2013,182,156,8,9,8>I was really surprised that a place called Miami's Best Pizza actually turned out to be pretty darn good! Their Miami Special is my favorite. I'm not the biggest fan of supreme-type pizzas, because they usually overload on the veggies, but this one has a good balance of veggies and meat on a thin crust pizza (Yes, I take this very seriously. It's a big deal! Who wants to be disappointed by pizza? Not me.). I also recently tried their garden salad, and was pleased with the very fresh greens and yummy vinaigrette. Their garlic knots are also good, though not the best I've tried.The atmosphere in Miami's Best is kind of old-fashioned-y, with benches and long tables perfect for groups. There are TVs, so you won't have to miss any games you're planning to see. It's very college-y, but in an okay way -- it's not too loud and crazy. I totally didn't know there was a 10% discount for UM students... Should have read some reviews! There's a small parking lot outside, and I've never had to hunt for a spot.Hopefully when you eat at Miami's Best Pizza, you don't have to go to the bathroom until you are safely at home. The bathrooms here are so scary-looking... they remind me of many horror movies in which terrifying things happen to innocent people in the bathroom. I wish I could say that at least they are very, very clean, but unfortunately the 2 stalls in the women's bathroom have been less than immaculate when I've visited!Visit Miami's Best for their pizza. It's definitely no-frills. You'll probably eat more than you mean to. Just make sure to wait until you go home to break the seal.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,6/6/2013,170,440,3,8,4>I know 2+2=4 but I'm not sure how to increase to more!! Nor do we know how to better our financial status without possibly making what can be harmful financial decisions with our hard worked monies.  So on recommendation of a couple of friends of ours we set up a meeting with Mr. Mauro Guerra.  I should say Genius Guerra..We were able to meeting with him for a few hours and during that time he was able to shed light into a very dark and confusing matter - RETIREMENT!!! and how best to enjoy this next stage of your life.   He not only addressed issues such as how to best invest, but how to best live.  Shared his priorities such as in Health, Spiritual and family.  He was not there to sell us into anything nor to take our money - he truly gave us advise and guideness in things which we thought we were going to do that were correct and only to find out we were very wrong.  Don't misunderstand us, it is his job to manage your finances, but he expressed to us other things as well.  His staff seems amazing and well organized.  Mr. Guerra is known withing the financial stage as a Guro of Advice.  They are also able to assist with various other issues.   They offer seminars regarding many different matters, such as investing and saving. We are looking forward to our continue business with the Guerra Financial Group.  With the main goal of always improving and making our selves the best that we can be.   Truly Mr. Guerra, we thank you for your time and service.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,6/5/2013,328,239,10,11,10>If there was an award for the best cafeteria food in Miami it will definitely go to El Bajareque. The food is cheap, the food is good.But before I talk about food, one thing needs to be said. If you are coming to El Bajareque, you probably want to seat at a table instead of the counter, specially if you have company. Why? Well, this cafeteria caters to the businesses around the area, which are countless body shops and auto mechanics. Also, this place caters to many characters, like bums and drug addicts. The policy at El Bajareque is simple, if you have money, you're getting service ..... at the counter. So, if you don't want to rub elbows with sweaty mechanics covered in grease or the area's characters, I recommend that you seat at a table. From your table you can safely wish for a take-out window.As intimidating as it may seem, everyone knows each other in this cafeteria. I arrived and found a table quickly, and minutes later the place was full with elderly couples, families, and groups of mechanics and gear heads. Most of the patrons knew each other, as well as the staff. Unfortunately, the characters mentioned before showed up too. If you are not disturbed by them, you are good. If they may annoy you, skip El Bajareque altogether or order take-out.The food. The food here is delicious. I am starting to think that Puerto Ricans have made a culinary art form out of chuletas fritas (fried pork chops). I don't care what nationality you are from, when it comes to pork chops you are at a disadvantage and the competition is not fair. Puerto Rican seasoning on chuletas is that good. With my chuletas I got a side of rice, red beans and tostones. The sides were pretty good, which was a relief, but they were not amazing. My companion had the special of the day, which was steak on a peppers and wine sauce, with arroz con gandules. The steak was really soft and the sauce was very tasty, and had wine. The rice and peas was fragrant and very well cooked. We also had bacalaitos, which are cod fish fritters, and they came out looking like a thin steak. They were also very flavorful and soft, or pretty amazing if I must say.In simple words, El Bajareque has made me a fan. The place is clean and has a fresh coat of paint. The seats are cushioned and everything is pretty new and clean. Service is also good, although our waitress seemed a little cold, maybe because we were not regulars, or maybe because everybody flirts with her and she is fed up. This place opens early in the morning, and closes late at night. I wouldn't call the area a dangerous area, but it is part of an industrial park, so most nearby residents are low income, meaning that they sell drugs in the park at night. And those are not my words, I am only quoting one of the characters.Finally, let me reiterate that the food here is amazing. Additionally, the prices are ridiculously cheap. I didn't get a gourmet experience, neither did I get the best location or ambiance, but I did get the best cafeteria food in town. The dish I enjoyed is double the price at my other favorite Puerto Rican restaurant near Coral Gables. Of course, that other restaurant IS a restaurant, with better beans, better cuts of meat, and better everything. But for a quick lunch, packed with flavor, El Bajareque rules in Miami.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,6/4/2013,128,118,13,13,11>In case you haven't noticed, eyelash extensions are the new black. These aren't the strips you buy at the store. These aren't the little clump of 3 or 4 lashes. These are way better than that. I'm not gonna lie-- it takes awhile. An hour and a half for a fresh new set, minimum. Because she's attaching a single lush lash to each of your own lush lashes to create a powerful look.Use them to flirt your way into clubs. Pretend you're a long-lost Kardashian. Bat dem pretties for a free drink. These puppies will pay for themselves in no time. They last about 3-4 weeks, and you can get cheaper fill-ins to keep them fresh. The lashes take a little care-- not rubbing your eyes, not getting them wet for 24 hours, not smushing them in your sleep. But it's totally worth it to wake up batty-eyed and beautiful-- no mascara needed. If you haven't tried them yet, do it! Carolina has the best prices around-- I paid $150 for a full set. I have called other places in Miami and they charge upwards of $500. Ridiculous. Eye Lash Love Miami is definitely the best bang for your 'balls (eyeballs, that is.)
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/3/2013,68,218,5,8,6>I have been stalking this place since 50 eggs announced it was in the works. I have follow all the media attention up until their opening, I even called and asked to get in their friends and family opening event. I figured if it was as good as Yardbird, and later opened Khong, then just adding pork would make it that much better.Finally made it here on St. Patrick's day. After having a couple of pints in a near by pub, I, my SO and a two more friends, headed out to Swine for dinner.We arrived and were immediately greeted by a very cheerful, very helpful hostess. She informed us that the dinner service would start in 30 mins and that we could wait at the bar. So we did. I had read some great things about the cocktail menu so I was looking forward to trying some of them, even though I'm not much of a cocktail guy. I opened with the Penicillin, a signature cocktail by Sam Ross from Attaboy in NY a place that have received great reviews for its cocktails. This is a guys' drink if not by the palate, the faces of the two girls in my group that tried it is telling enough. The drink is the perfect balance of two very good whiskies, Great King Street a blend and a spray of Laphroaig 10. Yes a spray, you might think it makes no difference but it does. It adds a peatness factor that blends very well with the fresh ginger. Add some lemon and some honey and you have a great semi-dry cocktail with a great balance of tart and sweet. So, remember, Penicillin even if you are not sick. I followed with the Swine Old Fashioned. This one combines an America Rye whiskey with maple syrup and house made bitters. And this was the cool part, they make their own bitters. The drink was sweeter than the previous but still a very good drink. I had the chance to also try the Mexican State of Mind, a great drink mixing tequila and mezcal with watermelon, jalapeno and cilantro. What a punch! But if you want a classic cocktail, go for the Vieux Carre. Not only is this an old school southern staple but it is also bottled and aged. The aging allows this drink to come full circle and truly matures. On to the food. As its usual, I wanted to get everything in the menu. Everything looks so good but after careful consideration and a thorough elimination process we went for Brunswick Stew, Mac N Cheese, Cornbread, Baked Beans, Pork N Beans and the Brisket. Now, here is something to keep in mind in case you are not familiar with this or any of the other great 50 eggs creations (if you are not then, I don't know where you have been). These are not places where you ask for the usual appetizer, entree and dessert, not your typical restaurants. Here, they embrace the concept of family, friends and sharing. I know, estrange concepts for many but noble ones, everyone should try them. So embodying these concepts, the plates are great for sharing. This not only allows you to get be more intimate as a group but also to try more from the menu. Win win for everyone.The Brunswick Stew was very good and it had a smokey and gamey feel to it due to the alligator sausage and the smoked rabbit. The butter beans and the pickled okra put a southern punch to it. This is something that would go amazing in a cold night. I can understand why this might not be in everyone's palate but, I love it. The baked beans were very good and totally different to what you find anywhere else. This were more tangy than sweet. I suggest that if you are getting the pork and beans, skipped this. The mac N cheese was superb. A concoction of five cheeses with crispy bacon and tender macaroni, so creamy so delicious, so close to licking the cast iron pot it comes in. The cornbread, oh brother the cornbread. Pieces of jalapeno, cheddar and bacon all baked inside a delicious cornbread accompanied by a creamy honey butter. From the first bite you admire the saltiness of the bacon contrasting with the sweetness of the cornbread and then when you think the bite is over the jalapeno kicks in, not overpowering but subtle enough to give you different dimension. Slather all of that on some honey butter (which by the way, you can eat by itself, highly recommended) and you got yourself a little piece of southern heaven. The brisket, how can I put this? There is very little I can add to the fact that is smoked for 14 hours. If you are a fellow pork/BBQ lover, then you know what this does to the meat. Super tender, juicy meat, fat down to butter consistency all wrapped up in a perfect char. Amazing by itself or if you like your brisket wet then dip it on the awesome molasses Q sauce. And then there was the pork and beans. One hunk of shoulder smoked for only 12 hours. So soft, so tender that it shreds by just looking at it. On a bed of the delicious baked beans.As dessert, we went for the sticky bun. Shame they run out of the sweet potato ice cream, but everything, including the sticky bun, was so good that I am not holding that against you, SWINE, at least for now.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,6/2/2013,17,16,2,7,4>Just got back home from my first haircut at Churchill's and have to say that I'm very pleased.The location is kind of on the outskirts of downtown so weekend street parking wasn't an issue for me. When you walk in you'll find a large clean space with a bar, large sofa and about 6 barber's chairs. They offer coffee, and a large variety of juices and sodas for sale. I spotted some liquor as well.I was seated promptly for my noon appt with Matthew.  He asked some relevant questions to get to know you hair such as when your last haircut was and what type of products, if any, you use. They use quality products and warm shaving cream. For the clean up the neck and sideburns they use a new disposable straight edge blade for every customer and the razor handle is fished out of barbicide.   I'm happy to say that he nailed exactly what I was looking for and it's the best haircut I've had in years. This place gets 5 stars across the board for talent, professionalism, cleanliness, and atmosphere.Matthew's business card reads "Master Barber" and I couldn't disagree.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/1/2013,763,459,9,14,10>Best juicebar on the beach hands down.Yes, the juices are pre-packaged and yes you will feel like you are just one of many on the conveyor belt to juice heaven but trust me it's worth it! I've had so many juices, shots, smoothies, & the acai bowl from here that I don't even know where to begin.Let's start our magical journey, shall we?You walk into Jugo and you will always see young 20-something beautiful ladies  with huge smiles. I guess everyday is a day worthy of a huge smile when you work in an amazing jucebar. Let's start it off by ordering an acai bowl. Wow. I always think that acai bowls are overrated but definitely not at Jugofresh. They deliver a veryyy tasty one with banana pieces, mmmm.On to the next round of ordering. There's no better way to cure your hangover than by taking a shot! Of juice that is... Each one tastes so different. There's the saca lo (which is EXTREMELY intense as the ginger will damn near knock you off your seat after it burns a hole through the back of your throat) but I mean it must be doing something right to make your body burn like that! I also like the rosewater shot with deer antler extract. It tastes really just like rosewater and they say it's great for your skin. When you are ordering a shot and see the two different prices for each it's because they take $1 off of your tab if you leave the glass behind. If you take the glass, it will be the price that $1 more.I have tried so many of their juices and smoothies that I would not be able to really write about each one individually but there is always a seasoned professional behind the counter to help you out with any questions that you may have. They give solid recommendations as well. I haven't really been let down in this department. I finally understand why they do the pre-packaged juices. Listen up people... One morning I saw someone come in and buy like almost 20 juices! They make them pre-packaged because many people want to take a lot home and that makes perfect sense. You can take the juices home to the family or to do a cleanse. We are Americans and what Americans actually make their own juices for a cleanse? pfffft. Jugofresh has you lazy Americans covered!Lastly, the decor in Jugo is amazing. You will feel like you are in Colorado or something. No detail was spared. Even the toilets are top of the line. Check this place out!! (Jugofresh, not the toilets)
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,5/31/2013,38,52,5,7,6>I recommend these guys, Harry and Hector, 100%. My best-ever mechanic experience, they're honest and have very fair prices. I am completely happy with everything about 79th Street Auto Center. My rear brake light had gone out so I brought my car in to get the light replaced. The car had been running a bit weirdly lately, not picking up speed as quickly as usual and feeling draggy and I could hear a noise coming from underneath the passenger side. I asked them to look at it, and they found that my brakes had almost completely jammed and I was basically driving with the brakes on, and soon they would just break completely. It was a ticking time bomb and I was driving it across Miami and back every day! I asked them to fix this, and by this time it's noon on Saturday. Those guys not only fixed it all, they fixed it by 3:00pm and called me to come and pick it up. They'd called me earlier to give me the estimate, and they came in right on it. They basically put a new front braking system in, they fixed the tail light, they checked all the fluid levels and did an oil change. And their prices are very, very fair. They are THE BEST! I am so happy I went there, my car won't go anywhere else now, and when it is time for a "new" used car, I will ask them to find it for me. I trust these gentlemen, and that is a rare statement to hear in the Miami area.Thank you, Harry and Hector, you have been lifesavers for me today. The best of the best. You can bet on it that all my friends are going to get this referral :)
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,5/30/2013,2,13,2,7,3>I bought my first (semi) new car on March 15 and in this UNBEARABLE Miami sun, the first modification that should be done to a new car should be Window Tints. As a consumer, at that a recent College graduate with his first new car I wanted the top of the line quality, but not looking to spend an obscene amount of money at that. I searched on Yelp and Google and ran across World of Auto Tinting, I quickly called them with intentions of getting my work done that weekend! I spoke with Paul who notified me that they do not do appointments rather its first come, first serve. I woke up early on Saturday and headed over, I was skeptical as I have gotten recommendations before but it never quite met my expectations. I get there at 9:15 and they are already working on two cars, Paul immediately attends me and remembers me from our phone call! I looked over at the two cars and they were looking pretty nice! I felt slightly more at ease, when he finished one of the cars it was outside in the sun curing and he notices a small indentation in one of the windows, he immediately drove it back in the garage and replaced the tint! I was impressed! I was definitely not bothered that I had to wait a few extra minutes, that is some prime customer service! Finally, Paul bring in my Car and I am growing excited as the minutes pass! It did not take long at all, I was there for maybe 45 minutes tops once they took it in, and I absolutely loved the work! All the same attention to detail, the dedication and great customer service that has kept this man in business for over 30 years! I was absolutely thrilled with the work done on my car, I will recommend Paul to everyone I know! I have tried the Flea Market tints, the tints in Pepito's auto shop but this is top of the line! I did not mind spending the extra money for the back window due to the antenna, this was a SOLID investment! I will be returning soon to do my windshield! :) World of Auto Tinting has gained another customer for life!
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,5/22/2011,708,615,5,8,7>Whisk was a hidden gem for only so long. Once word got around about it's mouth-watering burgers, crispy fingerling potato chips and irresistible key lime pie, the parking lot was jammed and lines were out the door during the lunch hour. That motivated me to get over to Green Table right upon it's opening to see if it had the same future in store. After a great early dinner in the tiny space, I can definitely anticipate a great future. There's only room for about 12 people to sit down and eat at a time but thankfully no one else was around this evening. The menu is small but full of tempting dishes. We started with the generous sized portion of fresh guacamole paired with delicious tortilla chips. There was even some radish on the plate that I couldn't help but eat. For our main courses, I enjoyed the ratatouille with couscous and my friend got the steak sandwich. The ratatouille was warm, filling and tasty. I tried a strip of steak with parsley cilantro dressing from the sandwich and it was perfectly cooked and tender. There's no denying the freshness of all the ingredients. My friend couldn't stop raving about the bread the sandwich came on.The service was really friendly and we were constantly checked on to make sure we were enjoying our food and didn't need anything else. She was even nice enough to bring more tortilla chips when we went through them all. They offer an array of desserts including goat milk ice cream that I'd like to try out. While baking fresh chocolate chip cookies they browned one a little too much so offered it to us for free. Thinking a little crispness never hurt a cookie, we accepted. I can only imagine what it'd taste like perfectly baked. If it's anything like the rest of the meal, I could only expect the best.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,5/21/2011,291,274,7,8,7>This is my kind of rental shop.Changing a motor in a car? They have cherry pickers.Doing a major yard project? They have bobcats for when a shovel just isn't enough.Trimming your 30 foot palm trees? They have lift buckets for those hard to reach palm fronds.They have everything you need for major projects.The people are nice and helpful, they make sure you understand what you are renting and how to use it.The prices... well I don't know since I have never rented from anyone else, but they seem fair for what you are getting.Poe's really is a great place for a do-it-yourselfer.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,5/20/2011,471,255,17,15,20>Please, please, please Miami don't ruin this place! I beg you on my hands and knees! I used to frequent a club in New Orleans that had a promo campaign that said "if it's on the Jersey Shore, it's not coming through this door" ...I wish Miami would develop a similar policy *sigh*There were a handful of Yelpers hanging out at the Stage last Saturday night and I think we were all fairly content with our surroundings. The Stage is like a sanitized/ on steroids version of Transit (sans the douchy- papos). There's an amazing chillounge vibe going with beautiful art decorating the walls, lots of warm light, an amazing outdoor patio with plenty of seating, a very well set up stage that judging by the acoustics, has been measured down to the last corner of the old warehouse space.Drinks are steep, it's expected, but at least they're reasonable. They didn't have Red Bull so I had to drink my vodka with this thing called Chillos and when the bartender asked me if this was okay I said "as long as you don't charge me the markup price of a redbull, I'm good." He laughed, filled my cup with vodka and a splash of Chillos for some coloring, and charged me $8 bucks for Absolut. Not bad I'd say...considering. Can't wait 'til they start bringing serious acts.... I have a suspicious feeling that this place is going to be happening for WMC.
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,5/19/2011,566,440,12,16,15>In the background, the theme song from Sex and the City is playing, at the table,  six friends who, despite crazy schedules and bs manage to sit down to a meal together for a special occasion. The moment I walked into the front door, I knew I had made a good choice, this place is beautiful! So clean and simple, but still warm and inviting. We sat outside (duh, it's gorgeous out) and started reading the menu. No one had really settled on what to order, until our exceptional waitress Vanessa came by and started describing all our choices. Everyone was either wiping up their drool or debating whether or not to change their order. The food starts to come out and we were blown away. One of the great things about this place is the price includes your appetizer! So we each had an app and an entree, making sharing so deliciously awesome! The 13$ bottle of pretty decent house wine certainly helped the food go down.. Almost everyone had a box of food to take home, but despite this fact we ordered a couple of their desserts. The message in a bottle was way too much fun to be having at the dinner table, I was writing everyone's name in chocolate sauce, but the show stopper was the cappuccino flan! I think it was Cookie Monster that said, "Nom, nom, nom".  A shot in the dark that turned out exceptionally well, these folks have done good and I'll be back to eat their goods again!
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,5/18/2011,156,83,7,12,9>Classic Jaxson's Ice Cream. The best candy store ever, right inside. The best ice cream, the best hot dogs- just an all around AWESOME spot to hang out with friends or a date.I sometimes get the urge to eat some ice cream late at night and I know exactly where to go. Just be careful, it's always A LOT to handle. Last night I ordered the 'Chocolate Suicide' and I took only a few bites before I had to call it a night.Nicely decorated with an 'old school' feel. Awesome service. Always a nice crowd, too.I highly recommend Jaxson's to all candy and ice cream fans EVERYWHERE!
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,5/17/2011,330,118,12,16,12>For the record, I've only had two other people cut my hair my whole life, so you can imagine how nervous I was walking into this salon. As soon as I walked in, I was greeted kindly by 3 staff members. I was asked if I wanted a drink and was seated immediately. While I waited, Tania gave me the BEST shoulder and neck massage. That woman made me forget how nervous I was about the whole situation. After the massage, she moved me over to the sink to wash my hair where she proceeded with an awesome scalp massage. By this time I was so relaxed, I didn't really care about anything else. While I was getting my hair washed, my hair stylist, Christa came by to introduce herself and ask what I was looking to do. I explained that I wanted something new, sexy yet easy to maintain. She asked questions and made suggestions and we both agreed on my cut.Christa kept a conversation the whole time while cutting my hair and made me feel so comfortable. Throughout the cut, she explained what she was doing and what effect it would have. Needless to say, I LOVE my new haircut! It's exactly what I wanted! This salon and its staff truly went above and beyond and exceeded my expectations! I would recommend this place to everyone for an awesome experience!
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,5/16/2011,341,375,19,13,14>Park Wow! it has it all, not really but it's still GREAT, it's like a park and sponge for good timesWhat do you get when you go to Kennedy Park?////YELLING///A NEW PATH FOR EVERYONE (RUNNING/BIKING/WALKING)!!!, TWO, THAT'S RIGHT TWO BEACH VOLLEYBALL COURTS FOR THE FOLKS THAT CAN'T MAKE IT TO AN ACTUAL BEACH!!!,  FRISBEE GOLF FOR THE HIPPIES!!!!,  PLENTY OF BENCHES TO MAKE OUT WITH YOUR SIGNIFICANT OTHER!!!, some of them with a view of the bayBUT THAT'S NOT ALLgot a dog, big or small?THIS PARK IS MADE FOR ALL!!!WANNA GET A FOOTBALL GAME IN WITH YOUR BUDDIES?!? THERE IS PLENTY OF SPACENow you are probably thinking that there has to be some kind of catch     That it must not be safe for kidsbut guess what folks at homeTHIS PARK HAS A PLAYGROUND FOR YOUR LITTLE BUNDLE OF JOYS AND IT'S COVERED SO THEY CAN PLAY ALL DAY LONGwhat? It's to hot you say?!?NO PROBLEM!!!KENNEDY PARK WILL THROW IN A.C. ICEE'S (additional charges will apply)andIf you go there now and then come back tomorrow morning, YOU WILL HAVE VISITED KENNEDY PARK TWICE IN ONE DAYYES!!!!2-for-1///high fives the crowd///
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2010,5/15/2011,268,629,8,13,13>absolutely divine. reminds me of escopazzo, just 1/3 of the price!!thankfully i was in downtown miami on business and knew this was my chance to finally check out fratelli milano.got there early, at 1145, before the lunch rush, so we were in and out in about 45 minutes. (btw it was packed by the time we left)the bread basket is filled with soft baguette style bread and accompanied with an awesome red sauce with some olive oil.the mixed green salad was fresh and the balsamic dressing was perfect. i would say the small salad is big enough for 2.i had the fiocchi, stuffed with pear and cheese. light and sweet.my dad had the spinach fettucini with veggies and shrimp. sooo good, again really light pasta, and the taste was full of flavor!we were too full for dessert, although i was checking out the window display the whole time, the desserts looked awesome. so for 30 bucks i got to treat dad to a nice post fathers day lunch - i scored extra brownie points and he was a happy dad :)
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,5/14/2011,83,148,11,8,8>Sometimes I suffer from hardcore cravings. They come out of nowhere -- a craving for burritos, pickles, those crunchies wedged between the vanilla and chocolate in ice cream cake, conch fritters, Hoegaarden, red wine, raw tuna, Pillsbury chocolate chip cookie dough, naan bread -- and I must, like a zombie, eat that item at the exact moment of the craving or I'll go all crazy-like and eat someone's brains. And I'm not even pregnant!But someone with a bad case of the preggers can easily feel satisfied at La Granja, which, for a long while, has been high up on my random cravings list. It's Peruvian, but don't get the seafood (if they even have any) and stick to their combo plates. They're HUGE. And CHEAP (I never spend more than 10 bucks here and I eat like a Viking). And flippin' fantastic!Every time I come here I'm always re-impressed by the quality of the food as well. I love the rotisserie chicken and usually get their half or quarter combo that comes with rice and beans and sweet plantains (the kind that are a lovely greenish shade when you slice them open). I've also given the steak a whirl as well and it's always cooked to perfection. Never over or undercooked. They're tostones are pretty badass as well and I really like to dip them in La Granja's greenish mild garlic sauce which has a truly delightful flavor. Added bonus: a massive fresh, chopped salsa bar filled with a variety of spunky sauces. So, in short, I heart La Granja and don't even mind driving all the way out to bumblef*ck to indulge.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,5/13/2011,100,69,6,7,6>Um, how have I been living on South Beach now for nearly 9-years and never once ordered from here? Hello? LOLI had read over and over about how delicious their mofongo is, but its only available on weekends at this spot.  Don't know about the new location.Anyway, on Saturday night after a long day of studying and not wanting to eat Chinese or pizza again I said let me try it out -- I MADE THE RIGHT DECISION!Placing the order was super easy, shrimp mofongo. Delivery was a breeze and the food came super hot, which i was very happy about.The mofongo was so good with a lot of shrimp and a delicious sauce, I won't lie I wanted more.They also have chicken mofongo so I may try that one out next time - because there WILL be a next time.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2009,7/4/2009,66,24,8,12,8>Everything everyone has said on Yelp about Mr. Yum to date is true.  After having my friend GIovanny G. recommend this restaurant to me, I decided to take an out-of-town friend to dinner there.I gotta say... Gio was totally right!  This place rocks!  And who woulda thought this would be in Little Havana?!My friend and I got the "hangover soup" on the house, which was delicious and better than your regular ole miso soup.  It had a vegetable broth, tofu, celery and I forget what other yummy goodness.  We also ordered hot saki 'cause it was cold outside!  And that sake just kept on flowing throughout the entire meal.First up after the soup was the Hamachi Jalapeno dish.  Let me just say the fish at Mr. Yum was very fresh!  This was especially evident with this dish.  This was so delicious, it was like butter in my mouth...  My standout dish of the entire meal.  We then had the Shrimp Shumai (fried), which was good.  The Tuna Tataki was a very generous portion -  also fresh and good.  Tried Soft Shell Crab Tempura for the first time and liked it.  For rolls, we had the Havana roll (tempura fried white fish, spicy mayo), the Bagel roll and the Yummy roll (I can't remember what was in it, but I THINK it was tuna and hamachi?).  I meant to take home a menu to remember all this, but forgot to. :( For dessert we ordered the Thai Doughnuts, but the owner came out and told us they had run out of it.  We ended up having the Tempura Fried Ice Cream instead and that was delish.The presentation of every dish was great.  Some items I will admit I have had better elsewhere, but overall I thought it was great.Mr. Yum has only been open for about 3 weeks.  The service was pretty decent despite there not being enough servers for the restaurant yet.  The owner said that would change soon.  And they seem to be doing well already.  It wasn't so busy when we got there, but by the time we left it had filled up nicely.This place is quiet a gem and I wish them great success!  I will definitely come back here sooner rather than later.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2009,7/3/2009,39,11,9,8,8>This place absolutely oozes Jimmy Buffet.  Perched right on the water on Ocean Drive (in Hollywood, not South Beach), this is a great place to relax with a few friends and have a mean burger. Make sure you know what you're getting into though, because this isn't your normal venue.The ABC's of Le Tub are very important to know before you go. A: "Are you serious? My burger will take an hour?" Yes it will.B: "But you can't be serious." Yes, I can.C: "Can I pay with credit cards?" Nope, cash only. D: "Do I need a reservation?" No, they won't take your reservation. E: "Even if I'm important?" Are you serious?F: "Food wise, what do they serve?" Le Tub specializes in burgers, but they also do a seafood gumbo, mahi sandwich, chili, and salads. G: "Good service?" Awful. Unless you sit at the bar, odds are you'll get neglected. H: "How will I know where to park?" There is a private parking lot out front, with an attendant who will watch your car for you. I: "I'm scared my car will get hit." That's a weird concern. Funny though, I know someone who's car was hit, but the parking attendant stopped the guy from taking off without exchanging information.J: "Just wondering, how are the drinks?" I've only had beer, but the rum runners look damn tasty, and they've got a full bar. K: "Kaltarn deminia?" You've clearly got a problem. L: "Large portions?" Absolutely. The burgers are probably a pound of meat, and the smalls fries easily satisfies two people.M: "Many people?" Depends on when you go. Le Tub usually fills up around dinner time, but around lunch its a bit slower. Make sure you've got plenty of wiggle room in your schedule before you commit. N: "Nice ambiance?" It looks like it was fashioned out of pieces of driftwood. If you're worried about looking sophisticated, better to just go to Houston's. As far as restaurants go, good luck finding one with more character. O: "OH MY GOD WHERE IS MY FOOD??" ...is something you might find yourself saying. The wait staff will likely overlook you, but don't pressure them unless your food takes more than an hour. P: "Please tell me how I can make sure I get served!" Sit at the bar. It's pretty hard to be ignored when you're a foot away from the waiter. Q: "Question: are there televisions?" They have a couple, but this isn't a sports bar. They'll change the channel if you ask, but don't make plans to watch some obscure game here.R: "R U supposed to tip the parking attendant?" How old are you, 14? Yes, it's customary to tip him a couple bucks. I'm pretty sure he doesn't get paid and he does a damn fine job. S: "Swiss or American?" I prefer the American on my burger but for some reason its a buck more than the Swiss. Freedom has its price. T: "The cook is a jerk." Yup. He likes to yell at the customers and the wait staff alike. But, he's the boss, so you've got to deal with it. U: "Usually I dress up for dinner; what should I wear?" Wear whatever you want, but know that anything more than sandals and shorts means you're overdressed.V: "V for Vendetta?" Was a good movie?W: "Why should I go?" I'm a firm believer in trying everything once, especially local things hailed by GQ and Oprah as the best burgers in the US. X: "..." Uh...I got nothing. Y: "Yes, I think I'll go! How do I get there?" From the South, Take Collins north past Hollywood Blvd, It'll be on your Left. From the north, figure it out.Z: "Zanks for the review!" Anytime.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,7/2/2009,18,3,12,12,10>Two words: Pho Beef. Two more: Vietnamese CoffeeThis place is AMAZING. The service is awesome. You usually have two or three people that serve you and they are always checking to be sure everything is top-notch, but are never overly attentive. My boyfriend and I eat there often since it's so close. We also get take-out, too, which is just as good as it is when you eat there.  It is family owned and run, so they really care about whether or not you're enjoying yourself. The waiters have a great sense of humor and they know their competition: Hy Vong. My boyfriend and I went with my brother, my mom and couple of her friends to eat there after finding out that Hy Vong was closed for a few weeks, and I guess the waiters heard us talking about it because at the end of our meal one of the came over with two deserts and said, "You know the difference between Hy Vong and Miss Saigon?  Complimentary desserts!" The tiramasu and chocolate cake were delicious. Nothing beats the Vietnamese coffee, though.
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2009,7/1/2009,62,88,6,7,7>the left bank burger is delicious.  it's a smart combo of melty brie, red onion confit, and spicy dijon mustard.  5 stars for thinking up such a tasty burger. buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut. the burger is smaller around than a whopper and flatter than the average bar burger aaaaaaaaand even though i like a well done burger  i sometimes feel these are a little over cooked.  aaaaaaaaaaaand it's a little pricier than it should be. buuuuuuut! maybe these shortcomings can be explained by the high quality, fresh, unique ingredients? as you can see i'm waffling here on how to rank this place.  it's delicious, but it breaks my heart that with just a few tiny changes it could transcend.  everything that everyone says about the space, seating, slowness, and friendliness is true. i'm giving a courtesy star.... because they really did try... and it really is close. to avoid some pitfalls, order ahead and take out to a better location.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,6/30/2009,253,216,7,11,8>I was staying at the Westin Diplomat for my bday and my gf took me to Hollywood Prime inside the hotel for dinner.The service at this restaurant is phenomenal. The waiter was super friendly, great at explaining everything on the menu and at giving us advice on what we should order.The food was typical steakhouse fare. Same menu you would see at Ruth Chris or Morton's and the food was just as good. I had the lobster bisque and surf and turf. The lobster bisque was in my top 3 (best: prime 112) and the steak and lobster were both cooked to my liking and simply delicious.The decor in the restaurant is also really nice and the ambiance was great. They also have an extensive wine list and full bar. If Hollywood Prime wasn't so far from home I would definitely visit more often.To cap off the night, since it was my birthday.. My gf had told someone in the restaurant staff that it was my birthday when she made the reservation and at the end of our meal, they brought us a delicious molten chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream and had written "Happy Birthday Janelle" beautifully on it which really made my night complete.I highly recommend Hollywood Prime for a special occasion or if you're in the mood to splurge- treat yourself, you deserve it!
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2009,6/29/2009,19,16,5,6,8>Sunset Corners has been on this corner for as long as I can remember - I think it dates back to the late 1950's, and has been a fixture for those in the know for a long time. Michael Bittel, the owner, is a down-to-earth guy with a prodigious knowledge of wines. The shop is very well stocked with a great selection of wines from all over the world, with a nice emphasis on Spanish and Italian selections. Each Saturday, they host a free wine and (usually) cheese tasting at the store, sometimes with a winemaker, sometimes with the gang from the shop, but always a great experience.Jamie, their cheese guru, maintains a well-stocked section of fine cheeses, most of which you will not find anywhere else in Miami. One of my favorite weekend pastimes is to see what she's come up with to pair with the wines they're featuring at the tasting. They also carry a selection of other gourmet items, such as caviar, fancy vinegars, dried meats, and some pretty good fresh-baked bread. The cheeses, however, remain my favorite. In the back of the shop, there's a pretty decent beer selection, with some nice eclectic choices for beer connoisseurs, and being a liquor store, they have a good selection of spirits as well.Best of all, the whole staff is very knowledgeable, so if you're planning anything from a noisy party to an intimate dinner, you can get solid paring advice, and some great wine options - even a very good range of value wines - that  you won't find anywhere else in town.
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2009,6/28/2009,587,1627,8,9,10>Well, I'll be... I didn't think this quaint and lovable bistro (which I truly hold dear to my heart, staff, decor, openness, food and all of the above) would also provide me an adventurous culinary trip. I saw "skate" in the specials menu and I was puzzled... I knew they were not going to serve me a shoe with wheels!Upon asking, I learned it was like a ray, and I'd get a wing of a ray if I ordered that. So, trusting the lovable and consistent Buena Vista, I decided to take a gamble and ordered skate ($15) - and they scored! I don't know how many restaurants can offer skate, and even better yet - make a good skate!And the crab cakes is consistent here as well - still in my opinion one of the best in Miami.And this restaurant is almost always easy to go to, even on holidays. I've been here on Mother's Day and now Valentine's Day - and there was always a table for me - so this is truly a neighborhood joint I know I can truly be coming back, no matter what may be going on in my life and in anybody else's. In other words, it has become home.
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2009,6/27/2009,151,175,5,7,7>Came out here with a friend that was visiting from out of town. We were looking for laid back place on the beach with good food and drinks. We looked no further once we got to Nick's. This place has a great SoCal feel to it and I felt like I was in San Diego. It's not a dive but it's not upscale/trendy either - it was just right. It's right on the boardwalk so you can people watch and take in the whole scene. They had live music inside which was easily heard from where we were seated outside. There are multiple flatscreens everywhere so I enjoyed the game that was on as well. The service was good and the serve cold Dos XX which was a plus for me. The prices were very reasonable considering we were having appetizers on the beach. The appetizers include a mean calamari which was seasoned perfectly. We also tried the wings which were great too. It's a chill place - sitting a few feet from the beach with great music makes for a perfect time.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2009,6/26/2009,25,56,6,17,12>I absolutely love this restaurant.I happened to stumble upon it when I was looking for a good veg restaurant to grab something for lunch that was near my fiance's work.Veg food in Miami is VERY hit or miss (mostly miss) so I walked in figuring I wouldn't be impressed. The reality was that I was blown away.I've been taken aback by a lot of upscale alternative lifestyle restaurants, but none that were normal affordable eateries with the exception of a specific few that are nowhere near Florida, haha. Hakin's food puts you in the position to be blown away because he knows spice and flavoring. It's truly the clean tasting soul food-ish vegetarian food that your mom never made you. The patties are sensational, and the portions are large. The mock meat is just... wow. Specifically the mock fish. Everyone I know goes "EEWW!" when mock meat is brought up, but those I've gotten to try the "fish" dinner has become addicted. I personally enjoy "upgrading" my meal, which means I get tofu in addition to the mock meat selection of the day. Trust me, it's worth it.I also have a huge affinity for the sandwiches. My beau loves the philly cheese steak and I love the salmon sandwich. The patties sell out pretty quickly. Most people prefer the spinach but it's too much spinach for me (and I love the stuff so I didn't think that was possible, lol) but the other two (specifically soy chunk) is amazing.He offers banana and zucchini bread- the zucchini bread is out of this world. Don't let the fact that it has zucchini it in throw you off.There's a series of freshly made desserts that are offered to polish off the meal but to be honest I normally get them to go because I end up so full... :)     My favorite is the cheesecake.Juices, smoothies, and bottled water are also available to go with your meal.Hakin is super friendly and the down to earth feel of the place and wonderful food will keep me coming back for sure.P.S. It's actually all vegan! ;)  +++ they have free wifi         Movies are also playing every Saturday night at 8:30 pm so you          can order sandwiches and hang out.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2009,6/25/2009,141,170,8,14,10>Dania is the best! She always listens and only cuts off EXACTLY what I ask. She is honest but doesn't chastise me for dry hair like I've oh-so-often otherwise encountered. And she is always offering "thank yous" for bringing in referrals by way of conditioning treatments and discounts on gift certificates. She is also just a wonderful lady and gets so excited to see you. She always remembers every haircut and encounter with each client and uses that to create the perfect hairstyle everytime. She also has a guarantee that if you don't like your hair you have a week to come in and get it fixed for free! I have never been so confident in a stylist, I literally close my eyes and relax when she's cutting my hair. Great service! Everyone is SO nice! It's a little hidden and hard to get to but definitely worth it!!!
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,8/13/2012,969,161,26,21,21>A disbelieving friend once asked me why I would brave the seas of traffic and French-Canadian accents of Broward County, just to see a touristy mermaid show inside a hotel bar. "To answer an age-old 'would you rather' question." I replied --i47.tinypic.com/1z90ef.j…After I put this question to my mates, I realized that it would only lead to more queries --Q. If I had to eat my companion in a survival situation, would it still be considered cannibalism if I only ate the fish half? A. I'm pretty sure mermaids don't fall under our species, so don't let the other half go to waste.Q. Which of the two produces caviar? A. Standard mermaid, because I don't even want to know where you'd harvest it from on the 'fishead'.Q. Speaking of the 'fishead', can one even talk? Most animals lack alveolar ridges and uvulas? A. Spare me the anatomy lesson Professor Bo rybo.yelp.com, where would they even learn to speak English?  Q. Speaking of 'fish-head', you think these mermaids excel at underwater blowies? A. They can breathe underwater, human women can't compete.I won't waste anymore of your time with the rest of this trivial conversation, let's talk logistics --Docking: You can park in the garage across the street for $10 or valet for $12. I recommend you valet because it took less than 5 minutes from ticket to door, and it's not worth playing 'Frogger' with your life on Seabreeze Ave. Either way you can get your ticket validated at the hotel bar directly across from The Wreckie.Grog: standard fare but all the grog falls in the $5-10 range so you can get pretty wrecked without having to hand over too much booty.Tack: I ordered some dolphin fingers and made my way to the pool deck to feed the mermaids but after I flung the tasty treats in to the water, I was surprised...they were completely disinterested, maybe even a little hostile. Apparently these spoiled mermaids eat human food. Spicy tuna rolls and lox bagels! My favorite Midwestern couple, Lacey laceym.yelp.com and Dennis C. yelp.com/user_details?us… stroll by in matching Hawaiian shirts and interrupt me during feeding time with an interrogation, "Do they ever clean the tank? Look at all that filth just floating in the water! Don't you think they'd be better off at Miami Seaquarium?"As I return to the bar to settle my bill, Pheeby B. peab.yelp.com exclaims, "Look, the mermaids have legs and dress just like off-duty strippers." I replied, "Don't be ridiculous Pheebz, strippers are never off-duty." I turn around and my jaw drops...PINK® velour jumpsuits, oversized gym bags and Starbucks cups. And just when I thought my night couldn't get any better, a young girl shrieked with joy, "MERMAN!" I doubt it was half-human/fish because he could only communicate in sign-language (thumbs-up!) Plus he was followed by a trail of body-hair that swayed as he swam, probably just an overgrown sea-monkey.Arrive early as it's standing room only, mostly families with kids, every Friday at 6:30pm. At the very least you'll be drinking for cheap and supporting a fellow Yelper, MeduSirena - the fire-breathing mermaid.yelp.com/user_details?us…And if you don't want to bring the tender seeds of your loins to a bar filled with ruffians that curse like sailors, there's a family friendly mermaid show in Spring Hill, just north of Tampa.weekiwachee.com/mermaids…
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,8/12/2012,763,459,6,10,5>This is an update if you are seeing a concert/drawing event at Grand central. We went for best coast.First of all, there are two lines. One is a will-call line and one is a hard ticket line. It's best to order hard tickets beforehand because generally that line is MUCH smaller and they let both lines in at the same time so you can definitely get in ahead of time.Second, LADIES, DO NOT WEAR HEELS. I repeat do NOT wear heels. If the ticket says the show goes on at 8:00pm trust me, it won't start until after 10:00pm (and that's just the OPENING act). Your feet will be like numb by the end of the night if you do not follow my advice. By the way, no one is wearing heels at GC anyways.If you want a good seat (or place in line shall I say) arrive exactly on time at the hour that it says on your tickets and bear the wait.When you get in, go straight to the front and don't move to secure your spot. I think that we were literally the only people out of everyone that were BUYING drinks. NO ONE in the entire crowd had a drink. I went to the bathroom like 10 times and when I came back once this girl started a fight with me (how wonderful) and it was just a big mess. If you want to have a good time and see a show at Grand Central (which is a bar) why would one not be drinking? Going to the bathroom is also not an option. I don't get the point of paying to get in and then not drinking at all and standing in the same spot the whole time (but maybe that's just me). I'm not sure if we'll ever see a concert at Grand central again because of the whole "bitch you're f*cking with the wrong girl" because you go to the bathroom and come back to your SAME SPOT that you were in for five hours! Ugh, over it. I'd rather listen to the band at home.Anyways, Grand central is a smaller venue to see great acts but with that smaller venue there is a price to pay (and it's not for drinks!).
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,8/11/2012,41,117,8,24,18>My first instinct when reviewing NAOE is to take one star away from every other business I've ever reviewed. If NAOE is a 5-star establishment, then nothing else I've ever experienced can share that rating. Welcome to a whole new world of dining. What makes NAOE so special is the experience. From the moment you make your reservation (far in advance), you are having the NAOE experience. When the time comes for you to visit NAOE, you should dress comfortably. Our experience was three hours long, including a lovely conversation with Wendy and Chef Corey to finish up the night. After you park in the garage, you make your way to a completely unassuming entrance. No sign, no chairs, no lights. Just a room. Soon, you'll meet Wendy. Her warm greeting will betray the fact that only eight diners will be joining you in the dining room. There's no searching through the computer or searching for confirmation numbers.  Wendy immediately takes you to your seats. The dining room is a picture of modernity. White walls, two tables (one for two diners, one for six), and bar seating for five lucky guests. We were escorted to our predetermined seats where custom drinks menus awaited our arrival.I'm not going to detail what we were served. If you go it's unlikely that you'll have the same menu. Just know that everything you have will be at least ten times more incredible than anything you've experienced beforehand. I recommend opting in to the additional courses Wendy will offer you once the main service has completed. Ours were wonderful.If you enjoy sake, indulge yourself in one of NAOE's. We tried the frozen sake, which was a very strong and wonderful way to close out the meal.Service at NAOE is impeccable. Truly, truly perfect. It is the Platonic ideal upon which all other service experiences should be judged. Diners continue on after dining at NAOE and can identify the imperfections in any restaurant's service more readily, now that they have experienced perfection. Service-ness, if you will. My favorite part of the experience at NAOE is that no one is there who does not want to be. No one can walk in off the street and have a bite. Even at Miami's most venerable dining institutions, you get the feeling that your reservation might get bumped if Gloria Estefan decided to pay a visit. Not here. Everyone is there to experience the restaurant. I can only compare it to visiting a museum. Usually, children and school tours run wild through the halls, making it difficult to enjoy the art on the walls. NAOE is a private tour. No distractions. No interruptions. To round out, ill offer a few tips. First, chat with Wendy. She is a wonderful wealth of knowledge about the restaurant, chef, and the items served. She is as important to the experience at NAOE as Chef Cory. Second, when you make your reservation ask to sit at the bar. This way, you'll be able to watch Chef Cory in action. It is a master-class in fastidiousness and perfection. What a treat. Third, and finally, do not go to NAOE if you're concerned about prices or time. It will just take away from your experience, despite it being one of the best values in Miami-Dade County. I can't say I've ever had such an experience before, anywhere in the world.Wow.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,8/10/2012,233,409,7,8,7>After working late one night the boss wanted to have some steak so we decided to check out Strip.  We called ahead and the bar manager was expecting us at the door. This is a cool spot, much nicer than the old Japanese restaurant that was here.  There were lots of TVs around which was great since we wanted to watch the Heat game.  The concept here is GREAT!  They offer only grass fed meats, and speaking of meats what a variety!!! You can choose unusual meats such as Bison, Antelope, Ostrich, and Kangaroo!!I started off with the New England oysters which were briny and delicious.  For our mains we had the kangaroo and the NY Strip.  I didn't know what to expect with the kangaroo, but it was delicious!  It was not gamey at all, pretty tender and mild actually.  It paired well with the steak sauce they brought.  The NY Strip was absolutely IMMENSE.  It was probably the biggest strip I have ever seen. It was crispy on the outside and juicy inside - cooked perfectly.  The bottle of Jordan we had went perfectly with the meats.For sides we had the mac n cheese and creamed spinach.    Both were delicious and a pretty large portion size - we couldn't finish either although we shared.  They have an option to add lobster to the mac n cheese which i definitely must do next time as it sounds incredible.Service was exemplary - our server was extremely attentive.  Our wine glasses were never empty until the bottle was done.Overall I would highly recommend checking this place out.  It wasn't very packed which is too bad, I hope more people find out about this place as it is excellent.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,8/9/2012,255,530,8,9,7>The Rusty Pelican, has been around for as long as I have, actually I'm a little bit older, but the things I remember about the Pelican was the salad they made you in front of your table, I think that was one of the unique things I remember as a child that turned me to popular culinary foodism. There were no pastors, tithing or any foolish religious rituals, just look at the pretty plate and eat it.The Pelican, I think became Rusty right about the time my senior prom rolled by. I took Dierdra Fitzgibbon's there and we both got food poisoning, a night to remember, instead of step-en out on the dance floor, it was blowen chunks on the dance floor. As the years progressed they dropped the salad, and the Rusty Pelican got Rustier. I heard a few years back that they had a great Sunday Brunch, and headed that way. It was ok, not a Biltmore or a Ritz, but it was ok, and had great views. I kinda let the Rusty Pelican go it's course, and heard in passing that they were closing for a remodel.I'm back at the New Rusty Pelican and all I can say is I don't see any old Pelican in it. It has modern sleek lines a bitchen bar, and swift service. I felt as if I were in a totally different restaurant. I sat at the bar and just looking at the menu, was love at first sight. They had Duck Confit, Foie Gras & Goat Cheese Empanadas, who makes that, well a real chef does. So I ordered it a BAM a party in my mouth, it was time to order more. I then got the seafood tower, wow, it was excellent. It was fresh, cold and delicious. On the down size it's got prices like Oceanaire Restaurant at Mary Brickell Village.I was excited for Rusty Pelican, same great views, great bar, efficient service, but ugly carpet!  :o( can't have everything!
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,8/8/2012,158,218,9,16,11>You can't truly go back to your childhood. If you are old enough to know it's gone, you are too old to enjoy the moments. This is a very tough review for me. It brings back MANY memories. How so you ask? As a small child, my grandmother had this as her nearest bodgea (small grocery store). At that time, it was owned an operated by Cuban immigrants. She would take me by the hand and I would take my TMNT sneakers and walk down here for her to do her grocery shopping. Yes, I wore TMNT sneakers decades before they were available in Hot Topic. Fast forward more than two decades, everything has changed and nothing has changed. This is still a small grocery store. Aside from the change in internal layout, the biggest change is that the deli is now a full Chinese restaurant. They sell everything you can think of... food, cleaning detergents, candy... I didn't wander enough, but I bet there is clothing and more hidden jewels all around.My order was special fried rice and honey chicken. That is my staple, go-to menu choice when eating Chinese food. Why was I cheating on my favorite Chinese restaraunt? They closed down.  I needed a fix and had nowhere to go. So I turned to my magic crystal communication device (smartphone) and found myself this wonderful restaurant. I really hadn't considered it. I have driven by it easily HUNDREDS of times in the last two decades, but it was sort of a crossing I didn't want to go back to. I wanted to keep it locked away in the giant treasure trove of memories in my head. In retrospect, I don't regret any of my trepidation. The special fried rice was wonderful. Plenty of shrimp and pork. The honey chicken comes pre-honeyed. I'm not used to that, but with a hint of garlic on it, I can see myself EASILY ordering this many more times. Two or three people can easily eat out of the "quart" serving size. Pint is probably best for single servings. Bottom Line: My fortune read... A thrilling time is in your immediate future. I think it's right.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,8/7/2012,108,179,5,6,5>15 words or less: Great balance of authentic bistro cuisine and ambiance at a relatively reasonable price.15 words or more: This is as close to the feel and taste of a Parisian bistro in Miami as there is. If you for some reason have a hump against French food or long for good bistro fare, go to this place, stat.  For the former, you will get over the hump that you have, which is likely based on from myths and misconceptions. For the latter, you will be visiting this place every other week. The food is top notch. For starters, we had the country pate, fish soup, snails, and crab cake.  The pate was excellent, rich as all get out, but nicely cut with mustard and the little vinegary French pickles.  The soup was dense and rich in fish flavor.  The sleeper was the crab cake. With so many great choices on the menu, this seemed like a boring choice. But it was really good.  A tremendous crusty exterior broke through to a crab festival with no filler. For mains, we had the steak onglet, monk fish special, corvino special, and bouillabaisse.  What I like about this place is just how many fish options were on the menu.  It was a deep roster of fish heavy hitters and all were great. The bouillabaisse was a stand out as I found myself dunking bread into the rich an dense broth. The evening ended with a well-rounded selection of four cheeses.This was a truly wonderful meal served in a very causal and enjoyable setting.  While I wish corkage was a little cheaper, you can find some delicious wine choices on the menu at affordable prices.  I am just sorry it took so long to go here but now that I have gone, I know I will be coming back a lot.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,8/6/2012,199,70,17,10,8>50 Shades of SushiThose who know me, know that I love food. Some people may find that to be surprising given my size, but I can't help it, it's in my genes. I come from a long line of foodies. I grew up in a family where eating and enjoying food dominated conversation. While dining we talked about food, whether it was the meal we were eating, a meal eaten in the past, or what was to be served for dinner to following evening,. I never stood a chance.One of my favorites to eat has to be sushi. I'm not ashamed to admit it, but I think I'm in love and have been for a many years. If you've read my reviews, that shouldn't surprise you. To be honest, I've had a hard time in meeting the right local sushi restaurant to get serious and settle down with. I recently got out of a relationship with a restaurant I had been working at. We had been together for almost 2 and a half years. I thought it made me happy, I thought it knew what I liked, I thought I didn't need any other restaurant. It turns out I was wrong. Love can be so blind.It's been nearly four months since we split. That relationship was toxic. I told myself for months on end, it's not him, it's me. Well, I was wrong, it was totally him.  It took me a while but I finally started dating other restaurants. I first tried a small place in Kendall. I was expecting a one night stand, but instead I ended up with a booty call partner. Satisfying yes, fulfilling, not so much, but still great to fill that last minute need. He's not relationship material but I'll keep him around. There's another restaurant I've been seeing recently, that's not too far from bachelor number one. What he lacks in character and style he more than makes up for in personality. Although, great for an evening with lowered expectations, this is not the restaurant to introduce to your parents. He sure works hard to make me happy, if only that was enough. I think I'll keep him in the friend zone. This is going to make me sound slutty but there's a third I've been seeing, and he lives right across the street from the second restaurant. We went on a few dates a couple years back, but then I met my ex-restaurant and soon forgot about him. He is something special though, possibly a total package, He has delicious food, fast service, and a welcoming atmosphere that isn't so fancy that it makes you feel inferior. First came your yellowtail jalapeno sashimi with yuzu sauce. You awoke my taste-buds like none other before. Then, the first bite of the Crunchy Spicy tuna roll and I was soon transported to out first date years ago. Your creamy cilantro sauce reminded me of how delicious you could be. Then you showed me you had some new tricks up your sleeve with seductive mango roll. Generous chunks, of mango paired with crunchy shrimp tempura, kanikama mix, asparagus, cream cheese, and more. It might have been the nigori, but I think I'm falling for you. Hello Kampai, I look forward to more dates in the future. This could get serious.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,8/5/2012,487,145,7,22,14>The newest and best excuse to sleep in and miss breakfast!I had been dying to try this restaurant since it opened, but not having it close enough to me justified not having been...until I went. I had been tipped off on the fact that the place gets pretty busy during brunch hours, so I aimed my party of 5 to arrive at 11 am, when they open. Judging a book by its cover, would have you question the quality that might exist in such a small spot, but that all changed once we walked in. It was as if we were warped into a different location, a nice small restaurant with just the perfect decorations, everything themed blue collar; from the punch cards at the entrance, the lunch boxes on the wall, the waiters shirts to the canteen in which the coffee was served, it was all in synch (not n'sync). While I can go on about the decor, it was the food we went for after all, and that was another adventure in its own. We ordered some coffee and orange juice to start, along with Shrimp and Grits, 2 orders of French Toast, 2 orders of pancakes and the Merguez sausage with poached eggs. The Shrimp ans Grits were amazing, the flavor of the Neuske bacon traveled over to the shrimp giving everything on the plate a zest of flavor. The French Toast, according to 3 people at my table were the best they have ever tried; the Banana Foster Sauce is simply out of this world. My fiancé was head over heels with the pancakes, we just went yesterday and she won't stop asking when we'll be back. The Merguez, was perfectly cooked, 2 slices butterflied and had a poached egg on each slice. With everyone wanting to try everything, we had the plates playing musical chairs; our entire table might as well have been a lazy susan. We looked over the menu for lunch and dinner and almost got a second appetite just sitting there reading it out loud. Not only was the food enjoyed at our table, but while looking around, all I saw were smiles; this is a must try for anyone and everyone looking for a new favorite restaurant! I don't know if when they opened, Blue Collar was aiming to replace breakfast, replace lunch, or give you a reason to eat 4 meals a day, but boy have they mastered the brunch!
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,8/4/2012,364,112,7,10,7>I have more to say about Chef Adrianne since my visit to the restaurant this past Saturday, and having just had left overs tonight. I swear I'm not the official spokesperson, although it may seem that way. I do pride myself on being the Duchess of the restaurant though. :) I've come to the realization that Chef Adrianne is a true artist. When I think of an ordinary artist, I think of a painter who knows how to visually stimulate and excite. Chef Adrianne is the epitome of a real artist. Her cooking artistry is a fascinating talent that not very many chefs have. Her food excites and stimulates all of the major SENSES of a human-being. Taste: The flavors of her dishes excite every taste bud. There is a perfect balance between sweet and salty flavor packed into every bite. Whether you're eating the 5 Diamond Harris Ranch Filet Mignon (my absolute favorite dish on the menu), or her famous mashed potatoes with au jus sauce, or her sweet & spicy Shrimp, or her daily changing home-made soups, or her homemade Cesar salad, or the most chocolately dessert ever made (brownie, ice cream, chocolate fudge, and more), your taste buds will be leaving happy. Smell: Every dish that leaves her artist studio (the kitchen) has a unique smell that would make your mouth salivate, even before tasting the dish. There is nothing better than being able to smell the rich ingredients of the meal as it's being delivered to the table. Sight: This is as equally important. A meal that is presented with class and color can definitely make a difference on one's perception of their meal. Every dish is always garnished with a colorful spice, au jus sauce, or even a large letter "A" (for Adrianne of course) drawn on the plate from balsamic reduction sauce. Yum. Hearing: Although food doesn't have sound, the restaurant does. I have never seen any other restaurant other than Chef Adrianne's that plays live concert music videos on TVs in the restaurant. Artists like Celine Dion, Beyonce, Taylor Swift, Andrea Bochelli, Michael Bubble, and more, are played to soothly entertain guests as they converse with each other and wait for their meals. I've always found these live concert music videos to be very entertaining. Touch: I've never been to a "Dark Dinning" night, but I plan to this month.  From what I've heard, most dishes are small and appropriate enough to eat with your hands (I'm sure for safety reasons as well, since you're blindfolded). Without being able to see your food, only smell, taste, and touch, the feeling of food can really make a difference in what your taste buds may THINK they are about to eat. Don't you love licking your fingers after you've eaten a delicious finger-food type of meal?Adrianne, my hats off to you for being a Artist that can stimulate each of the main senses and being darn good at it. You have an amazing talent. I look forward to visiting your restaurant often and always appreciate your hospitality. Congratulations on being so successful at such a young age. I admire your courage and success as an artist and business woman. Do you have any plans to expand and open more restaurants? If not, that's okay, continue being GREAT at what you do. I look forward to continue being your biggest Yelper fan and Duchess of your restaurant.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,7/9/2013,147,65,14,15,11>I am so happy to have found this place. My first visit was with a group of co-workers, as we were looking for a Spanish karaoke place that was also a restaurant. Yes, we definitely are a (random) picky bunch! Luckily, Judith M. knew of just the right place.I'm only going to say this once, as a courtesy because I had to learn the hard way... do NOT order ceviche at a Mexican restaurant! What was I thinking? I ended up eating ceviche at Peruvian restaurants 3 times that week in order to erase the ceviche I had at Paquito's. I can't even blame them, I should have known better. That being said, the Tacos al Carbon were some of the best tacos I've ever had... ever. This coming from a person who eats Mexican food AT LEAST once a week! Since I'm a creature of habit, I ordered the same thing on my next visit along with some Guacamole which is delicious but too much for two people. I know... I know, how is that even a complaint?! I almost cried tears of joy when our waitress confirmed that they have Horchata (Mexican rice drink sent from the heavens), which I downed in what felt like 30 seconds. (Class goes out the window when deliciousness is involved!) Although it had more cinnamon than I'd prefer, that did not appear to slow me down one bit. The restaurant decor is tacky and extremely colorful (which I thought was touristy and commercial until I went to Mexico and saw that it's actually how things are over there) but in a way that warms your heart because you know they're not the pretentious South Beach restaurants you're used to. For a second you think that the food here might actually be pretty cheap but you'd be wrong. It's not that it is expensive but it's in the back corner of the galaxy, and it's not like they're putting black truffles on those nachos! Still, it's not Rosa Mexicano-expensive and even if it were, I'd rather give my dollars to Paquito's. Plus, the service has been phenomenal on each visit.My only other issue is the menu, it's WAY too busy! Again with the colors, and too many things on each page, all in a weird format... I feel like a spazz trying to read that thing! Anyways, back to the love. Great place, go to there.
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,7/8/2013,131,173,6,10,6>I want to tell the world about Hy Vong. But then again, I don't because it's already so hard to get a table!I ate here back in August and remembered it was wonderful. But I hadn't remembered HOW wonderful until I went back again last week.The trick here is to get there EARLY, not on time. I arrived ten minutes before it opened and was surprised to find only two tables left. The people who got there 10-15 after it opened ended up waiting for more than an hour.The wait is worth it. No matter what you get, you can't go wrong. Here's what I've tasted:Sauteed Calamari Salad: delicious, fresh, perfect starterRibs: one of the spiciest things I've EVER eaten (but I'm not a spicy food person). So good it was worth chugging 3 glasses of water for.Pumpkin soup: Seems like an odd choice amid the other options, but its amazingSignature salad: very fresh, perfect palate cleanser before your big meal comesSauteed shrimp & sauteed beef: order one of each and share!! Promise you won't be disappointed. Chocolate chip cake: as far as I know, this is in no way related to the rest of the menu, but I will dream about this cake until someone takes me back to get it again. Worth saving room in your stomach for.The problem with this place is that I KNOW the next time I go back I'll keep eating the same things I've already had because I'm thinking of them, but there are so many things I want to try. Thank goodness I live right down the street. Now, I just have to be sure to get out the door on time so I can avoid the wait!
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,7/7/2013,61,50,6,10,7>I actually stumbled in this place by accident on my lunch break, thinking it was the entrance to the sub place next door.  I was distracted by my time constraints and my constant incoming messages from my job that by the time I looked up and realized I was in the wrong place I figured it would be way too embarrassing to back out the door.It was a lucky accident because I was greeted warmly and treated so nicely by the staff who explained all the new specials they were offering.  They have Pizza and mouth watering pasta.  I ended up ordering the chicken roll which is chicken with spinach in the middle, wrapped in bacon and served with penne pasta and 2 garlic rolls.  I ordered it to go and could hardly resist digging into it in my car from the wonderful aroma filling my senses on my drive back to work.  It was flavorful and despite being pasta, it was not heavy which was really surprising.  The portion was a lot to eat in one sitting so I saved a little less than half for later.  My coworkers were green with envy and yours will be too so be prepared to share.I went back the following week and tried the pizza combo which is 2 slices, a garlic roll, and a drink.  Great pizza!  The pasta meal was apx $10 and the pizza combo was $7 so I was pleased with the price.  I will definitely be coming here on my lunch break and welcome it as a break from the monotony of what's available quick and inexpensive in the area.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,7/6/2013,284,497,3,6,5>2nd best Sunday brunch in Miami. Extensive menu with just about every brunch dish you can think of and then some more. Think Southern comfort food with an upscale twist at reasonable prices. $3 bottomless coffee, entrees around $11 with lots of sides to add on. For starters, the roasted beet salad with baby arugula and goat cheese dressing is delectable. Cheese grits are presented in several of the menu items and a definite yes, even if you don't usually like grits. I thought the "Southern" breakfast platter, which included biscuits, bacon, eggs, cheese grits and bread looked a little small but the grits and eggs were actually very filling. Perhaps skip the side of bread and give an extra biscuit. I was undecided between pancakes, waffles and French toast, so I asked our waiter which of the three dishes he recommended (when in doubt always go with the waiter's recommendation) and he said definitely the FRENCH TOAST. The portion was so huge that it took me an hour to finish it. Granted, I am a slow eater and like to savor every bite. The toast was fluffy and thick, with a sticky and crunchy coconut crust, heavy whipped cream, dark chocolate chips and caramelized bananas. For my taste, they could have left the sugar out of the crust, the coconut and brioche bread are plenty sweet on their own. I am literally on a sugar high right now. What really impressed me about the dish was the fact that the dark chocolate chips didn't come out of a bag in the form of morsels, they were actual chocolate shavings, like in Straciatella gelato. Yum!One star deduction for only one whole grain item on the menu, the oatmeal. It would be nice to see a whole grain or buckwheat pancake version and also to have non-dairy milk available for the coffee. Otherwise a very nice brunch.
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,7/5/2013,274,769,5,8,6>I'm digging the customer service, the late night soundtrack (Kaskade and Deadmau5), and their sampler tray. For about 14 bucks, this option let me see what I like and don't. Having picked favorites from this, I now know where I can maybe make it a 5 star review next time. That being said, on the savory front, my favorite was the shredded chicken mini arepa. The bread was warm and the chicken tastefully spicy, with enough of a kick after part one of an evening out. Mini Cachapas were up next - little pieces of SWEET corn, white cheese on top, and I could have had more of these. The mandocas (handcuffs) of sweet plantain were tasty as well, though I think sweet plantain based dishes are usually a little softer. The platter also came with shredded white cheese and nata (sour cream). The tequenos were why this isn't a five star review...not for a particular reason, just not my taste. Maybe because I'm not a huge cheese fan..Decor is bright and casual, perfect for late night grub. The staff is friendly, and did I mention the house / EDM soundtrack?
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,7/4/2013,158,218,10,12,11>I've been known to be pretty strict about what I eat. It's not that I expect the highest of quality from everyone; I just expect the best effort. In my eyes, there is a difference. Some days I just don't feel fancy. Frankly, why should you feel fancy all the time? Some times you need to sit back and enjoy simple things. Long before my time, from what I've been told, McDonald's and Burger King (and other fast food burger joints) used to be the epitome of health food. So much so, that doctors would come to eat at the counters ... yes, they had counters.... and slowly encouraged the general population to partake. Over the years, in our fast food nation, they lost that quality when they had to switch to quantity. Sacrifices had to be made. In my eyes, that has allowed for the mom'n'pop type of places to spring up and recapture the burgers in a simple, straight forward, and well... slightly healthier way. Sure, a burger (for the most part) isn't the epitome of health food, but, it can be much healthier from a mom'n'pop than a large fast food chain.In comes Top Burger. Frankly, I wanted to try something new on my birthday with my coworkers. A cheap burger place was right on my desired menu. I'm not one to celebrate my birthday, but I thankfully have some of the best coworkers (L+R+R shout-out) that make me feel special even when I want to be low key. And yes, I wanted a cheap burger place for my birthday lunch. I was hoping for low key. Well, my coworkers would have none of that and were even able to convince the staff to sing me happy birthday. Strange as it may sound, the staff just feels happy to me rather than a disgruntled burger stop. Now to the meat.... well, burger that is. Hands down, their Top Burger sauce is spectacular. It has a little kick and just perfect with the fries. I had the sweet potato fries and loved them. Simple yet refined. I now wonder why other burger places can't seem to get simple right. Top Burger is a restaurant that you will just miss if you are walking too fast in Downtown. Bottom Line: Walk slower and don't miss this.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,7/3/2013,146,352,7,10,7>Hi, my name is Lissete and I'm a cake-aholic. Seriously. I'm not the type to crave candy, cookies,  chocolate or any of that silliness. Granted, I like the stuff, but cake is where it's at. Im the type that will not leave a reception or b-day party until i get a piece of the dang cake! And cupcakes are the perfect size to indulge and not feel so guilty afterwards. Unless, of course, you go off and inhale 4 in one sitting. Just Sayin'. I would never do that. That's my story and I'm sticking to it.I digress. Sweet Times is located in a strip mall across the street from the shops at Kendall Village and right next to the Best Western. The shop is cute and they have a corner unit, so it is light and bright. The owner is really friendly and patiently describes each of the cupcakes.Now to the goods! I chose a dozen cupcakes. For the sake of research, of course. My box included Oreo, Lemon, Vanilla, Chocolate, Nutella, 4Leches and Carrot Cake. Let me start by saying that I love their frosting. It's light, creamy but does not feel too heavy or greasy. All the cakes were moist, freshly baked and delicious. Their Oreo is Oreo frosting on chocolate cake. It was a good flavor combination, but I do prefer Oreos mixed in to white cake batter. Again, personal preference.The Nutella cupcake was like biting in to a Ferrero Rocher candy! Delish! And the carrot cake was outstanding as well. Oh,  and the chocolate with the ganache was divine.Now, for the one that hit it out of the ballpark for me and was totally unexpected.The 4Leches! OHmagawwwwd! Let me first say that I bought two of these because my husband loves dulce de leche and tres leches. I don't. At all. I never choose anything with dulce de leche. So, again for the sake of research, I cut one in half to try it. Heck, my hubby would still have 1 1/2. Laaawwwwd baby Jesus! That cake was super moist and out of this world delicious! I immediately went back for the other half. My husband was on duty and wouldn't be home till the next day, so I did not want that cupcake to go to waste. So I inhaled the 2nd one too! I'll buy him another one. I promise!They have a nice and easy loyalty program. You don't even have to carry around a punch card or anything. Check-in with Yelp and get a free cuppy cake. You can also check out their daily flavors on Facebook. I'm not a coffee drinker, so I can't comment on that. If you're at Barnes and Noble and the line is too long at the coffee shop or you can't find a table or you just want to do yourself a favor... Walk on over to Sweet Times.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,7/2/2013,620,350,7,25,8>I've called Marina Blue home for 5 years now. I've had such a great, very comfortable time here.* Building itself: Fantastic. Guests are always impressed at MB's location, views, cleanliness, service, etc. Extremely well-maintained, great management and staff.* Location: Extremely accessible from all parts of town. You're directly in front of the American Airlines Arena which is great if you frequent it for Heat games and concerts. If you avoid leaving your apartment after games/concerts you're fine. Just look out your balcony and wait for the traffic to clear up. It can be really annoying to get home at the wrong time when everyone is getting out, but if you have even a little patience, it's not so bad.I wish I could walk to more places, though.- Most accessible places to walk: Arena, Bayside, Will Call Bar- Walkable, but scary: Grand Central- A little further, but totally doable and safe: Arscht Center, The DRB* Parking: Our unit comes with only one spot on one of the top floors (which sucks to drive so many loops... you never get used to it.) To rent an extra spot is about $135 monthly.* Parking for guests: On non-event days there's plenty of street parking surrounding the building. Otherwise, your guests can valet and pay $5 if they're there for only a few hours.* Security is top notch. Apartments are split into different areas per floor, so once you get to your floor there are only 4 apartments directly near you. Your keyfob will only take you to the pool/gym floor and your floor only. On top of that, to get from the parking garage to the elevators you need a key. A little annoying to have so many steps to get to your apartment, but you end up appreciating the extra security.* Amenities: Awesome, although I don't use them as often as I should. The two pools are really impressive. The party room is awesome to rent for an event. The gym is all right, though the other building's gyms are comparably better.My only gripe is that you can't have more than 10 people or so at the pool before you have to rent the space out and put down a deposit. I totally understand why they do it, but this type of thing comes with living in a big condo with lots of action.There's also a really, really good pizza place in the building (Pucci's), Elia is great for lunch or dinner, the Wine Bar is convenient to pick up a bottle before a get-together, and the market inside the building is nice for things you forgot to get at the supermarket.* Things that suck:-  Ultra Music Festival - if you're not attending. You definitely hear the bass pretty clearly throughout the day.- Heat Games - if you're getting home or getting out when everyone is leaving.- The gas station next door at night - you might find some sketchy characters.* BONUS! You're right next to the I-95... I love having the accessibility to the highway.If you're looking to rent/buy here, I recommend it.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,7/1/2013,101,42,4,15,8>Okay... Okay... OKAY!!This place is such a hidden gem in Miami!  Wow I honestly could not believe what I saw when I was there for the first time.  Okay where to begin... Lets see:1. Four new tennis courts that are completely FREE to play on!!2. A decent size field to play soccer, bring your dog, just plain hang out with the family3. Extremely clean and well kept4. Plenty of picnic tables for you and your loved ones to enjoy5. Easy to find location with plenty of parking right outI honestly could not find anything wrong with this place.  I first arrived there as a request from a client to teach a simple tennis lesson.  What was just suppose to be a one time visit has now turned into a full time designated tennis facility for my clients and I.  This place is simply great.  The atmosphere is relaxing and very family friendly and the neighborhood is great and extremely convenient.  Additionally there are plenty of shops and little cafes surrounding the park.All in all, I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone and everyone that is looking for a place to hang out for the day and relax.  Or anyone looking to bring their entire family out for a day of activities and fun times.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,6/30/2013,309,226,6,9,5>I had brunch at 12:15pm today.  It is now 6:57pm, and I am still stuffed from the amount of delicious food I had. Brunch at the Biltmore's Fontana Restaurant is really as wonderful as everyone claims it is!  Mimosas and Bellinis were free flowing all throughout and the service was very good. Nothing I had today was disappointing. I tried the Eggs Benedict, waffles, and pancakes from the Breakfast station - all marvelous!  I had sushi from the sushi bar - no complaints.  And the pasta was super tasty - butternut squash ravioli with alfredo and pesto sauce, cooked in garlic and olive oil topped with sundried tomatoes and parmesean cheese - yeah, exactly, it tasted as awesome as it sounds!So after eating all that, you'd think I'd call it a day, right?  Uh, no - don't think so! I had one last station to attack - dessert!  Overwhelmed by all the choices from flan, to creme brulee, to tiramisu, to pie, to bread pudding to the decadent chocolate fountain (and TONS more, I tell you!), I decided on something cool, refreshing and very unlikely to disappoint: I hit up the cookies and cream gelatto - oh, yeaaaahhh.  And like the true fat girl I am, I topped it with sprinkles, M&M's, and Oreo Cookie chunks.  It. Was. Awesome.There is so much food here, you can't possibly try out every station in one visit - I didn't even make a dent! I had stalked the menu online before coming here to make my plan of attack, but quickly realized I would have to make a second trip to be able to eat everything I wanted.  So I narrowed it down to my top dishes; I suggest you do the same thing I did!So basically, if you haven't figured it out yet, yes, I recommend this brunch.  You have to come here at least once in your lifetime to enjoy what this place has to offer!  Happy brunching!
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,9/24/2012,223,142,4,6,6>I am fanatic about my hair. I'm constantly changing my hair color and/or cutting my hair.  And that has taken its toll. Due to lack of care and some bad hairdressers my hair grew dry and brittle. I took action and when I finally saw some healing I knew it was time to take CONTROL and get a good haircut. I just needed to find the right stylist, one I would be comfortable with and that would understand what I wanted while also giving me their expert advice.Recommended by the lovely Awen L., I called to make an appointment at CONTROL. I met Jaci, a lovely stylist who just moved back to the area. I told her what I wanted and an hour later she was done. My hair was beautiful, manageable and looking healthier than ever.A few things about Control Salon:- Incredibly friendly service. I was greeted with a smile, offered a beverage and even got to play with the cutest doggy. Jaci was attentive and friendly. I felt comfortable with letting her do my hair.- Prices aren't too high. I know many of us want to leave a salon with great hair but don't want to go broke doing so. A haircut and blowdry is about $70.00 (add tip).- CONTROL is located in Wynwood. The area is so much fun! After getting your hair done you can grab a drink/food in one of the yummy surrounding restaurants.CONTROL is definitely my new preferred salon.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,9/23/2012,698,2029,7,11,10>Most of the time I come into this park by boat, swing off of the Intracoastal onto Whiskey Creek where there is a boat dock (only a couple of boats can fit), boat ramps and often times to the relief and delight of my beer drinking passengers, rest room facilities. I can also continue just a short way on up Whiskey Creek (supposedly deriving its name from the "Rum Runner Days" of prohibition) just past the Loggerhead Café, pulling the bow of my boat up onto the sandy shores of the creek. The area was once far more beautiful than it is today, having had huge spreading Australian pines offering plenty of shade but someone of the powers to be thought it good to cut down and destroy all of those magnificent shade trees deeming them "invasive" and replace them with native Florida trees and plants. Well, unfortunately as any old native of the area will tell you, the native flora along our beachside was always of a rather scrubby nature, offering little if any shade and generally rather lacking in beauty. The park also offers some good amenities such as the Loggerhead Café. The food isn't anything to brag about but the setting is pleasant, the food though nothing exemplarily is more than adequate, it's outside decking pleasant and there is a nearby rental for canoes.And yes! My favorite! It offers some great opportunities for wildlife (no silly, not beer parties), as in bird and manatee, if you're lucky, observations.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,9/22/2012,17,57,6,6,6>I just visited the restaurant for the first time for lunch today. Things were so delicious back when there was a food truck, but wowie wow. The place looks great! I can definitely see myself coming back, possibly for $2 tacos on Tuesdays with some friends...... and also because I want to try all the beers!I had the puffly flatton with cabo wabo fish. Grilled onions, mushrooms, melty CHEEEEEESE... Oh. mah. gah. The reason why I didn't write my review immediately after eating there is because I was basically comatose when I got home. Siesta to the max. I was so deliciously stuffed that I just HAD to take a nap.Oooh! As per the server's suggestion, I also had their guacamole. Delicious! It tasted so fresh! Hints of lime, lots of cilantro, chunks of tomato and onion.... it was honestly the best guac ever, and I thank the server endlessly for suggesting it as an appetizer.Man. I'm having flashbacks to the yumminess now. I may have to make this flatton-and-guac-induced nap a regular thing.Excellent, extremely friendly service with lots of spot-on suggestions.... I'll be back again and again and again, no doubt!
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,9/21/2012,68,218,4,7,6>Date night with my SO and this time we decided to try Dominique. We walked in and immediately loved the place. Her first comment was "they wish they had places like this in Paris". No don't get me wrong, I'm sure there are nice places in Paris, we just didn't see any when we went last year, or at least not as nice as Dominique. The place is casual/fancy. It has little booths with a very romantic setting. It has outdoor cafe style short tables and elegant bar style tall tables as well as a lounge area. The walls are adorned with Paris, and Paris-style art work. The music swings from cool jazz to smooth easy listening. The service is fantastic. We were greeted immediately and shown to our table. When we decide to change tables they accommodated us immediately. Our server, Fernando, was beyond helpful. On to the meal. For drinks, my SO had the Watermelon Smash with a drop of grenadine (the grenadine was suggested by Fernando since my SO told him she likes pomegranate, once again, Fernando's service was outstanding) I had the Paris basil, I'm not a fan of cocktails and sugary drinks but I must say the drink was great. For appetizers we had the Foie Gras and the Coquilles St. Jaques (pan-seared scallops in white sauce and mushrooms.) The scallops were delicious, and the foie gras was so fatty and tasty. For entrees my SO had the Chicken Fricassée and I had the Grilled Sea Bass. My  girlfriend's chicken was tender and moist. My sea bass was flaky, very well cooked and very tasty (another great suggestion by Fernando) and the risotto that came with both entrees was very creamy and very delicious. For dessert we share the Fondant au Chocolate. Yes, I know, every restaurant have their version of the lava chocolate cake with ice cream, and I tend to stay away from them as they all taste pretty much the same. But this one is different. The cake is nicely baked. Going from a dry crust to a moist inside. The chocolate is not to sweet is more on the bitter side, which I love. And the vanilla ice cream was exceptional. Dominique was a great experience, cant wait to be back.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,9/20/2012,211,141,6,15,9>Remember the Colombian-American fast-food truck named Yellow Submarine?  The brothers Andreas and Flavio, along with sister Angela, now operate a storefront restaurant just north of Sunset Drive on SW 117th Avenue.The owner/operators are super friendly and accommodating.  The decor theme is Rock music, with a wall of posters and album covers (see the photo), a deconstructed drum set on the opposite wall, and a panel of classic cassette boxes on the wall near the register.  Altogether pretty cool!Aside from beverages, there are basicly four foods on the menu:  Burgers, Hot Dogs, Wings and Fries.  There are mini-burgers, chicken nuggets and Kool Aid on the kids menu.The names of the burgers and 'dogs are also rock music themed (see the menu photo).  The toppings and ingredients in the various named combinations are pretty much evenly split between American Classics and Colombian-style.  I've been twice, and have had a hot dog, burger and fries.  The hot dog was the Colombian-style "Paradise City" dog, with Mozzarella Cheese, Pineapple Sauce, House-made Mustard, House-made Tomato Sauce and Crushed Potato Chips.  I think the chips were actually pulverized in a food processor, as they were very fine.  Off-hand I would say the underlying hot dog is a New York style one, perhaps National Deli.  I liked this a lot.  The flavors blended well, and didn't mask the quality hot dog.  Warning!  It is very messy!  By the way, this combination was named "Yellow Dog" on the food truck.The burger was the Yellow Submarine.  It is a medium-sized patty of, I think, about 5-6 ounces, grilled and topped with Mozzerella Cheese, Tomatoes, Lettuce, Onions, Pineapple Sauce, House-made Tomato Sauce, House-made Mustard and Crushed Potato Chips.  It's the same add-ons as the Paradise City dog with the addition of lettuce, tomatos, and onions.  They offered the choice of raw or grilled onions, and I went with grilled.  I liked the burger.  It was hot and juicy, and like the hot dog the various sauce flavors melded together seamlessly.  If I were pressed to be critical, I would say that for my taste the burger patty itself could have been more seasoned (with basic salt and pepper), and the bun was a bit dense (on the other hand, it held up to the juiciness pretty well).  I still recommend it!The fries were rather ordinary frozen french-fries, with a bit of Cajun? seasoning on them to liven them up a bit.I'm definitely going to return to try some of the other burger and hot dog offerings.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,9/19/2012,504,281,6,8,6>Bruschetta with mangoes and spicy sauce! Yes, you read those words correctly. Only the beginning of what amazing culinary treats this new little Downtown spot holds. I have realized that my lunch break is not only about food, it's about that precious hour to have 'me' time and D'Oro delivers on the food AND the atmosphere for me to unwind and relax in the middle of my work day. Even during these warm summer months, I've found myself taking a seat outside since the location gets a perfect Bay breeze. So far I've had samples of various bruschetta, all of them quite yummy but the star is really that mango one; not chopped up pieces of mango mind you, whole slices of delectable juicy tropical deliciousness. MmmmMmmMMMm!! I've also had several sandwiches, my favorite so far being the one with Mortadella. This week I ordered a salad (after over indulging two weekends in a row thanks to my bday and Labor Day) and was surprised to see how HUGE it was! Quite fresh and flavorful too, served with a side of those little thin bread sticks that I don't recall the name of.I also like that they have a good selection of quality teas from Tea Forte. They even serve a little sweet treat with your tea! They sell boxes of the tea, as well as olive oils, jams & sweets, as well as lots of other goodies in their little market section. D'oro gets the gold in my book!
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,9/18/2012,160,130,4,7,4>Being from NY originally and having lived in SF for a brief time as an adult, I've developed a healthy love for Asian food of all types.  Certain types of Asian food can be under represented here in Miami (e.g. KOREAN FOOD and traditional Chinese/dim sum particularly) I was really stoked to find out about a new(ish) dim sum place on the north side of town (Don't always want to schlep down to Tropical Chinese for Dim Sum).  Chef Philip Ho did not disappoint.I've gone to Chef Philip for both dim sum and dinner.  I enjoyed my meal immensely each time.  The dim sum is affordable, fresh, and delicious.  The dim sum menu has a lot of the standard dim sum main stays like shumai, pork buns, and deep fried dim sum along with creative additions.  The traditional Chinese dinner items are also very very solid. The roast duck we had was crispy and very flavorful.  It was a tad dry in spots, but good.Service at Chef Philip Ho is OK.  Not stellar, but not terrible.  All the servers were very friendly, just sometimes inattentive.  I've noticed that several reviews were really down on the service here.  If you go for dim sum than that's not even the issue, because the carts come by FREQUENTLY!  For my north side dim sum fix I used to go to an establishment across the street from the 163rd st mall (Hong Kong noodle?), but they have closed.  No bother though, Chef Philip Ho's dim sum is superior and the neighborhood isn't nearly as sketchy.  I highly recommend this restaurant.T
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,9/17/2012,53,159,4,7,6>Visited the park for the first time yesterday! Wow! What a treasure! This place is first class! It's clean, stylish, and makes me proud to call Miami home! Parking, the most infuriating part of most ballpark visits, is actually convenient here! You have to prepay to park in the garages, which helps prevent traffic jams on arrival! We parked in the First Base garage which was in close proximity to the park. I would have given the park 5 stars, however the garage had very poor signage and too few elevators. The elevators are at one end, which causes a lot of walking and confusion if you are parked at the other end. It took me 10 mins to find my car as there are 2 3A sections! Next time, I will park in someone's front yard! Many of the homeowners that live close to the park will let you park in their yard! It's cheaper and there's lots of availability if you get there early! The seating in the stadium is awesome! There doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house! I was advised to buy the cheapest tickets and "choose" better seats when I got there. It wasnt difficult, as there are lots of unsold seats in the lower level and the  staff that checks the tickets when you enter the lower levels are easily distracted and often leave their posts unattended. We quickly found seats in the 20th row, between home plate and 1st base. I had a great view of the game, and the Miami skyline. They had the retractable roof closed and the A/C cranked up! What a joy to not have to worry about the humidity ruining your hair! The food selection here is huge! They have the typical ball park fare and more! I saw sushi, a kosher deli, shrimp burgers, steak sandwiches, lobster rolls, ceviche, plantain chips and everything Latin! One of the employees recommended A Taste Of Miami (the Latin food vendors) and I wasn't disappointed! I had the lechon sandwich and it was heavenly! Tender juicy puerco with crispy bits of chicharrones, and onions! I thought I died and went to heaven! The only thing missing was the mayo, and I was able to get that from another vendor! I also had a hotdog, popcorn, and a lemon icee! Some reviewers commented on the pricey food, but which ballpark isn't pricey? Overall, this place is awesome! They ended the evening with a spectacular fireworks display! We watched the retractable roof open, and the show began! I am not a huge Marlins fan, and I still had fun! If you can get people to come to a game that aren't  even fans of that particular sport, that says a lot.  This place offers great entertainment for all!
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,9/14/2012,248,378,4,9,6>11 Runners just opened in the 1050 Brickell building, sandwiched between a couple of restaurants in a sort of tiny little space that is easy to miss if you aren't looking for it. We have desperately needed a running store in this neighborhood so I was stoked to notice it one day when I was walking to Roberto Giordano a few doors down. As a devotee of minimalist and forefoot running, I was even more excited to find that they carry Newtons. A lot of running stores don't, on general principle, which is their prerogative but kind of bums me out since I hate hate hate spending money at a major corporate retailer instead of a local business.Anyway, today I went in and tried to buy a pair of new running shoes, but they didn't have the ones I wanted in my size. The woman who helped me took my phone number and promised to call me when their shipment came in that afternoon or, at the latest, the very next day. I'm used to really bad customer service in Miami--all talk, no results--so I didn't take her very seriously and decided to go to another running store in South Beach. But she called me as I was getting ready to go and told me my shoes had arrived. So I went and bought them, along with some padded socks, and am looking forward to taking them on my long run tomorrow morning.This promises to be a fine addition to Brickell and I hope the many runners in the neighborhood will take the time to stop by and check it out. I know I'll be back the next time I need gear for a race or the road.Recommended.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,9/13/2012,490,388,5,8,5>Location, location, location. If you are looking for a breathtaking beach view, Aruba Beach Cafe is your answer. Ask to sit at one of the tables along the beach windows - you will have all the benefits of air conditioning along with a fantastic floor to ceiling view of the ocean, almost as if you had the sand in your toes. Usually a restaurant with a location like this wouldn't worry about good food - but our experience was anything but ordinary. The Bimini Bread with their honey butter is fantastic, and also a humongous portion even in the half. Think brioche Caribbean style. I had the portabello burger, which is angus beef topped with a huge slice of grilled portabello mushroom. Juicy, cooked perfectly and very tasty. Hubby had the blackened mahi-mahi sandwich, also very tasty. Prices are reasonable considering the location, our bill was about $80 including an appetizer, two entrees, alcohol and tip. Drinks are VERY reasonable compared to Miami prices, less than $10 for a mojito - on the beach! They have a very unique way of handling a wait - BALLOONS! They assign you a phrase at the hostess stand, which corresponds with a certain balloon color/phrase (actually written on the balloon). You then hold that while walking around the bar area until the hostess finds you when it's your turn. Highly recommended for beachfront dining.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,4/7/2009,165,171,13,11,13>I feel like I'm the last one in Miami to finally make it over to Buena Vista Bistro!  I've had it under my bookmarks for months and only now decided to stop in while I was in the area.It's exactly how I would picture a French bistro to be: intimate, casual, and tasty.  I can tell from the other patrons that this place is both frequented and adored by the surrounding community.  There was a steady flow of locals all night.  Our waitress was super fast and very attentive even though every table was full.I will admit that, though the food was super cheap ($8 & 10$ entrees), I'll be coming back for lunch, brunch, or a late night snack rather than dinner.  Definitely lunch/brunch oriented space.And although I enjoyed the food, I have to mention just how equally impressed I was with how tidy and organized the restaurant was run; I can tell there aren't any (or at least a whole lot) of cockroaches running around in the back.  Even the sugars were correctly categorized by type and color - something that makes that obsessive-compulsive fiend inside jump for joy.Now, if only I could one closer to home I'd have a place to grab my morning coffee...  :)
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2009,4/6/2009,61,55,8,12,9>When you walk into this unsuspecting 1200 sqft. joint, you walk into another town. FORGET MIAMI AND ITS BEACHES! Personality paints the walls from ceiling to floor. Exhibitions, political posters and next month's musical lineup adorn this San Franesque coffee shop. The staff is truly kind and helpful. They all know where they work and what they are serving. The owner Alexis brings the establishment some of her own flavor: decorating the bar with all of her favorite gadgets and toys for your amusement. Check out the website for events. They open and close the place as they please. They may stay open a few extra hours and play some of YOUR favorite music if you ask nicely.CHERRY ON TOP -  they have  a list of over 100 beers... beautifully described
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2009,4/5/2009,83,129,5,8,7>Woo Sooo happy i was able to finally able to go out to irish times.  My friend's sister practically lives here, and since he and i had never been we decided to go and invite some friends. I was DD so i didn't get to enjoy much alcohol, but i enjoyed a Killians, and my friend enjoyed a little bit of everything else. As for food I had a bite of the chicken tenders, some fries and a slider, all so very good. The only thing  that was odd was our server who was very attentive in the beginning, disappeared half way through. After a long while we started wondering and then another server came by asking if we needed and help and who our server was. We told her and told us that she wouldnt be coming back since she smashed her hand earlier in the evening! we all hope she's ok but wish they would have told us sooner. And i guess because of the change of server our bills were all mixed up. Only 2 single toilet restrooms, which can become problematic if you hold it too long since i did see lines forming. All that aside i had a great time with my friends at Irish times.  I guess thats what its all about right? I def will be going back
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2009,4/4/2009,304,163,7,9,11>SPOILER ALERT!So the official grand opening of the newly renovated South Point Park is tomorrow, but my pink bike and I invited ourselves to our own grand opening exploration this morning. I wiggled my way past a fence to find a bunch of people milling about the park as well. THIS. PLACE. IS. AMAZING. consider it the newest haven on the beach. Long, winding paths line the park with a mini water park and benches abound.The views of fisher island and the ocean are to die for. The grass, newly installed, is bouncy and made me want to have a toddler or dog to release into the sprawling hills. The boyfriend and I grabbed a sandwich and sat by the water, soaking in the view. A recession-friendly date, indeed.Smith and Wollensky also secured outdoor sidewalk seating RIGHT on the  water. I have a sneaky suspicion that it will soon be the newest happy hour place on the beach.I highly suggest grabbing a beach towel, a book and a frisbee and making  a beeline to the park ASAP.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/20/2009,4/3/2009,38,52,5,8,5>I cross the bridge over the Little River twice daily and have watched this small waterfront restaurant space change over the years - from Renaisa to Taj Mahal, then to Monarch Bay, and now to Anise.  Will that be permanent?  Who knows, but judging by the many cars parked in the private lot, Anise is here to stay for a while.  Maybe.I came before dusk and sat outside on one of those perfect Miami evenings - there was that wonderful evening light on the buildings that an artist would kill for - and the clouds were tinted orange against the blue sky.  As I looked around me, it seemed for a moment as though I wasn't in America any longer, but perhaps even in Greece.  The restaurant is furnished in a charmingly haphazard way, much like a Greek island restaurant might be.  Whereas Ariston up the road has a studiedly Greek decor, this place feels like the real thing.The food?  Average. Not bad, not that great, either.I began with the taramasalata ($5), which was dull, it didn't taste of fresh cod roe at all, more like a bland mash of bread and olive oil with a trace of roe.  Taramasalata should be lively and exciting to eat, and the lemon should nip at your tongue.  The pita bread, though, was hot and buttery and delicious.  I then had the bouillabaisse ($21), and I wish I hadn't.  Whatever it's called, cioppino, fisherman's stew or bouillabaisse, it is basically the same thing, a Mediterranean or Aegean mishmosh of tomatoes, onions, garlic, broth, fish meat, mussels, squid, shrimp and whatever else the chef has in the kitchen that day that'll work.  This broth was thin and a bit watery, there was no squid, there were four mussels and one large shrimp and rather too much cabbage.   I've had bouillabaisse broth that was thin but tasty but this broth could use improvement.  Maybe it gets thicker and tastier as the evening progresses?  It was served with chunks of toasted herb bread, which were so thickly encrusted with herbs that they tasted bitter in my mouth.   I had two glasses of Pinot Noir ($9 per glass).When I compare Anise to Ariston up the road on Normandy Isle, which admittedly is more expensive, Ariston wins hands down.  You'll pay $10 more a head at Ariston, but you will get a superb dinner, a first-class meal to remember. The service at Anise is very good.  The restaurant is clean, and it's right on the river.  That, unfortunately, means that if you sit waterside on the outside deck you are visited by a good deal of the debris thrown in the river by the residents of neighbouring Little Haiti as it floats past on its way to the ocean, reminiscent of a parade.  A flotilla of plastic bags, bottles, a doormat and a small pink plastic donkey all hove into view and made their way past me as I sat and tried to ignore them.  But it was compelling viewing.  I think you had better visit at night when the flotsam is not so obvious, it could put you off your dinner. Thoughts of the Ganges at Varanasi came to mind, but I digress.I don't think I will go again.  To me, the river detracts from the experience.  Maybe if you sit inside you won't see all the garbage floating by.  But river or no river, I don't think that the food at Anise is exceptional.  And that's really what I came for.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2008,4/2/2009,72,96,5,6,5>This will be my longest and most detailed review, because I believe this restaurant and the "Brazilian Churrascaria" style needs a good description, specially if you never went to one. "Churrascaria" means "Grilled Steak House", and the serving style they call "Rodizio" means that they keep feeding you until you commit suicide or your pants rip at the seams (and you have to run for cover). The price is fixed per person, and it is "all you can eat". And they mean it. Start at the sumptuous salad bar, that has all types of greens and also some soups, fish, calamari, beans, etc. The salad bar is an event by itself. Hint: try the Palmito (hearts of palms), it is a true delicacy. Next try the Po de Queijo (Cheese Bread) that they give you at the table, and get ready to flip your token from RED to GREEN (this signalizes the waiters to start the barrage of meats on your plate). After you got rid of the healthy stuff that was on your plate, and the token is green, just enjoy the meats that the waiters bring hot and juicy right off the grill. You tell them which meats you want and how much at each serving. After about four pounds of meats (and other grilled items like salmon, veal, turkey, etc.), put your token on RED and get ready for desert. That's all, easy right? To make it even easier here is the summary in list mode:1) Get ready: Don't eat anything for a few days, you will need the empty space in your body, and never tell your Vegan friends that you are going to Porcao, they will burn you at stake or flog you in a public park.2) After you get seated ask for a Caipirinha to drink. This is a typical Brazilian drink made with sugar, lime and Cachaça. Note that Cachaça is alcohol made out of sugar cane, the same that they use to power 50% of the automobile fleet in Brazil. Yes, it is that powerful. If you pour the drink in you car's tank you will be able to drive at least 15 miles. In other words, it's almost too much for any carbon based life form to digest. That's why I usually ask for a Caipiroska, it's the same but made with Vodka instead of Cachaça, thus easier for anyone not used to Cachaça.3) Take it easy on the Salad bar. The main attraction of a churrascaria is the meat, not the greens. Although Porcao's Salad bar is spectacular, try to control yourself, ok? Half a plate is enough. And get some Palmitos!4) Let the meat parade begin. I love Picanha and Fraldinha, but they also serve everything from Filet Mignon to Ribs. Try a bit of each and decide which one you will focus on. Note: try the Brazilian sausage (linguiça), it's unique, and very hard to find anywhere else in the U.S.5) You also get some side dishes: black beans (way better than any Mexican beans you ever tried), white rice, fried bananas, Mandioca frita (fried sweet potatos), Polenta frita (wow!), fries, cheese bread (Po de queijo). Try them all, with moderation.6) After you are full and ready to explode, thinking about how much an emergency surgery to unblock your intestines will cost, start contemplating deserts. My favorite: Papaya Cream with Cassis. Don't ask, just try it. Better than kissing Jessica Alba. And your wife won't mind half as much.7) Now, if you are still breathing, try the Brazilian Cafezinho (Coffee). It's very strong and has more flavor than any Colombian or African variety. But it's powerful, you probably will be awake for about 37 days and will glow in the dark for at least 24 hours, but that's Ok, you made it and you deserve it.In summary: don't miss Porcao if you are in Miami. Friendly staff, great food, some nights they have a live band and Samba Dancers (you will never be the same after you see a Brazilian Mulata shaking her booty the Samba way, thus avoid looking if your wife is next to you, injury will happen and pain will be inflicted). Porcao is the standard to beat by all other Churrascarias. Period.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,4/1/2009,341,375,17,13,15>"I love you burger"The first time I went to Le Tub was a couple years back when I first started dating my SO    I don't live to close to Le Tub so when I do go up in that direction it is usually an all day thing with walking on the beach and/or bike riding and other things of that nature     We went on late saturday afternoon(or early evening) and the place was pretty packed but somehow were able to get a table right on the water in about 5 minutes     The service was as good as I expected or even better   I have never payed to much attention to the long wait for the food because I have always enjoyed just sitting there and having a conversation with the people I was with and the drinks have always come pretty quickly    The burgers are either really good to great with the only knock on it not being great all the time being that every once in a while they do undercook it a bit but I have learned to ask for medium-well knowing that it will come medium to medium rare (that is a lot of mediums in one sentence)  Good story - first time @ Le Tub. The SO and I just get our food and we start to dig in  I got the habit of talking to my food and other random objects so in between bites I tell my burger "I Love You"   She thinks I'm talking to her she says I Love You back   I'm like COOOL  she talks to her food too  I look up and she is smiling looking at me all googly-eyed   and I am really into her so I shut my mouth, give her a kiss and the rest is HIStory
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2009,3/31/2009,645,346,38,9,6>For me to review his club it really has to be broken down into two parts depending what type of person you are:Person A - If you're just a regular person that likes to have a good time, this place is worth checking out once in your life to say that you've been there and to lend an inch of street cred to your party loving friends.  On the negative, the place is overrun with scummy people and pure rif-raf.  Being there for an hour is more than enough.  Also, the cover at the door is usually $30-40 a night (it really starts at 6am).  It's one club that after going once, is something that you'll never race back to.  I've been there a few times and it reminds me of cross between Dante's Inferno and the opening scene of Blade.Person B -  You're a total party animal and love to do all or any hard drug on the market.  This is your place.  There's no way a decent human being can understand what do and go there for.  You'll love the other trippers and rollers there with HUGE DIALATED pupils..  You're right at home in Hell and you brought your sunglasses with you to bring in the sunlight and will be there until they kick you out.  Chances are you are already there every weekend and spend your whole week eagerly awaiting to return there.  If you are that person, you're just reading this laughing at everything written because you know I'm right and you're sooo that person!
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,3/30/2009,312,253,7,11,10>Just got back from the Turks &amp; Caicos property and all I can say is F'n A Cotton, F'n A.  The place was spectacular, 5 stars the whole way.  The property has 3 "villages" even though they're on the same property and in short walking proximity inside the gates.  The newest village is the Italian Village and it's all suites and rivals a Ritz Carlton.  There are 15 pools, 15 restaurants and tons of stuff to do, or you can do nothing at all.They have the whole Sesame Street connection for the offspring, which is just great for them.  Bottom line, service is spectacular and super friendly and they do things right.  We've been to a total of 7 different properties, and every time they've exceeded expectations and been just spectacular.  The Turks & Caicos property is just the diamond jewel in a great line of properties and has some adult only areas so you can escape the kiddies too.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2009,3/29/2009,749,521,11,11,10>Up hands who hates when something goes wrong with their car? EVERYONE! Well, the wee blinking light on my rear end starting making funny noises when I would flick the turn signal to go left so I knew something was amiss.....but of course, I valiantly ignored it until a friendly motorist pointed it out to me that my brake light and left turn signal weren't working. Well I had two choices: (1) continue to drive through Miami like 75% of the population with blatant disregard to such trivial matters such as indicating to fellow motorists as to which direction I was about to suddenly swerve my mammoth Ford Expedition or do the right thing; and (2) change the bulbs pronto. Hence my foray into Advance Auto Parts An auto part store is like the doctor's office...not somewhere you WANT to go to but somewhere you HAVE to go to in time of need. This store is nicely laid out, easy to find what you need. About three staff there at 9:15 in the morning. But all of them were in the back helping one person when I came in. So I find the bulbs all by my lonesome, and go to the catalog which supposedly lists the car model numbers and the matching bulb number but whaddya know...the fricking catalog goes as far as cars made in 2005. Great. Mine is a 2006 model...Out I go and dig in the glove box for the manual which wasn't stolen because I had the fortune of not being Elizabeth at the Elite Event last night. Back into the store...find my bulbs. Take a wander around (cos I'm that type of person..who knows what random stuff you will find right??) find some car wash on sale for $3.99. Find a BEWARE OF DOG sign for $0.99 ...good for warding off unwanted solicitors at the gate Very short wait at the cash register and WOW....because I was waiting behind a lady returning something the person at the other register actually waved me ahead of the person who was in line (big line of two of us LOL)..but I let him go ahead because he had one little can of oil. Karma and all of that...and I had my bulbs, my car wash, some window washer stuff and the doggie sign. My only beef is that the staff are kinda surly and non-smiling. I like a smile with my service. Kinda makes me think people aren't happy in their job if I don't get an acknowledgement that I am human and deserving of a smile, especially when I am nice and smiling at them.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,6/13/2012,196,615,14,11,13>Duke E. [not a Yelper] said it best: don't get around much anymore.If you find yourself in a faraway land, full of strangers, confounded by customs, and befuddled by a lack of bilinguality, it is helpful to locate a place where you can feel temporarily at home.  Some people find this in a bar on the shores of Morocco, but I can find it in the confines of the Restaurant With The Longest Name I've Yet Encountered.  Seriously, the name here makes Ruth feel better about her acquisition and subsequent hapless renaming of Chris' Steak House.The constantly rotating menu means that even regulars can find new things to sample.  And the unique pricing method (you WILL have an appetizer and an entree, and there WILL be only two possible prices, determined by your choice of entree) encourages experimentation.  Even the desserts are reasonably priced.  And the wine list is shockingly reasonable in both selection and expense.The decor is a touch modern for my personal taste, but at least it's consistent and consistently well executed.  One note for the skirt-clad patron: it IS possible to stand close enough to the circular accent tables on the second floor that the neat-in-concept-bad-in-practice glass porthole in the floor below them comes into play and you become entertainment for the yet-to-be-seated gawking masses on the first floor.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,6/12/2012,374,258,12,17,14>The first thing I thought as I stepped into this cozy little bar was, "wow. I feel like i'm having drinks with my buddies in the basement of their parents' house (a la 'That 70s Show')" Worn-in comfy couches, wallpaper in ridiculous patterns, and music posters and memorabilia all over the walls (including the bathroom).  They play a smorgasboard of music. One minute you're listening to "que sera sera", and the next you've got  "whole lotta love" rocking you out.  I love that.The bar is powerfully stocked with many, many libations...their drink menu is beautifully presented on a small plank of (yes, you guessed it) wood! their beer selection is great! I also have to mention that the drinks are reasonably priced, almost cheap! Could end up being a dangerously drunk night here one day.  The clientele is a motley crew.  There seemed to be people of all ages, from all walks of life there when I visited.  ...and as many people have mentioned in their reviews, it does remind me of Brooklyn/NYC.  Which is a wonderful thing.Wood I go back again and again? Of course I Wood.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,6/11/2012,52,77,6,8,7>It was a Saturday afternoon and i wanted to do a belated birthday celebration for my friend. So I treated him for lunch at Gables Aragon Cuisine. It was my first dining experience and I was excited. Before we entered the restaurant, we looked at the day's special. The dish that  we were interested and found accomodating was the 3 tacos with rice and beans for $7.95. We immediately entered the restaurant and were greeted by the owner who was also having lunch at the same time. As we were handed the menu, we took a gander but still we wanted to have the Chicken Taquitos lunch. He told us that the price we saw outside was available during the week and on the weekend it's just $2 more. We were fine with that b/c how he described it, it was perfect for lunch time. We made our decision. We both ordered the Chicken Taquitos with Mexican rice and beans. I had my meal with lemonade and the birthday boy had a coke. As we were waiting for our lunch entree, a plate of chips with Pico de Gallo and hot sauce was served to keep our appetite running. The pico de gallo was made with chopped tomatoes and had lemon juice. I tasted the hot sauce which made me go straight for the lemonade to put out the fire in my mouth but it was good if you are a hot sauce person. After around 15 minutes, our lunch entree came. The plate had a nice presentation as the chicken tacos was served in a corn tortilla with medium size pieces of chicken cut in cubes, cheese, cilantro and onion with Mexican Rice and beans. Yum! Rice and Bean were served in a small bowl but it was a perfect portion for lunch time. For dessert, our waitress gave some suggestions but we ultimately ordered the flan. We wanted a flan for each of us but she immediately said that the flan was big enough for two. Therefore, we ordered just one and glad we did. I was a kind of a medium size with mango chips on one side. The flan was like cutting into bread pudding as that was how thick it was but tasty at the same time. Totally a perfect portion for two.We indeed had a great time and definitely will come back for some more. This is a great small place in the Gables that surprised me.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,6/10/2012,84,93,7,8,8>The everglades have a lot to offer in the forms of wildlife, sights, and things to do, but to see and do a lot of it, you need some kind of boat. ex. kayak, powerboat, etc... I've visited it twice this winter season and had a really good experience both times. I visited the very popular anhinga trail and gumbo limbo trail. They're only 4 or 5 miles past the entrance to the park and full of wildlife. Anhinga's, aquatic life, and many gators. Most of the gators I've seen both times are at the very end of the trail where it dead ends. I think there were 10 gators together just warming themselves in the sun. The gumbo limbo trail is fun to walk through, but only about once for me. It's definitely a lot less crowded than the anhinga trail as I haven't seen any wildlife on it. It's more of a canopy-like forest.After spending an hour in the park, I didn't want to just leave so I decided to drive down to Flamingo to see what it has to offer. It's over 30 miles away, but I didn't have much else to do. There is a restaurant and a few other buildings there, but not much IMO. The reason I gave the park a 4 is that this drive is quite unimpressive as far as National Parks go. Yeah it's unique in it's geography, but when you compare it to the likes of the Rockies, Yellowstone, or the Olympics, it doesn't offer 10% as much as those do. I will admit that since most of the park is under water, that if I had some form of boat I would have probably had a much better time. I could have actually gotten into the thick of the swamp or out in the beautiful bay. Maybe I'll have the chance to someday do that, and maybe I'll have to switch my rating to a 5...
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,6/9/2012,156,245,3,13,10>This doctor's office is heaven sent.  I recently went back to school and therefore do not have health insurance.  My options are basically going to the ER, paying 100's out of pocket at a regular doctor's office or for minor issues, going to a minute clinic.  Enter Penalver Clinic.  My previous GP's secretary recommended I find a Miami Dade Health clinic since they offer a sliding scale based on income for those without insurance.  I called several facilities but it would take months to be seen.  I was about to give up when I called Penalver, who after being transferred to someone who spoke English, I was able to make an appointment for the same week.  The fee was only $30.  This facility has family and gyno practice  Fees range for extra tests, but are way better than anywhere else.  $65 for blood lab stuff, $30 for a pap, and $60 for an ultrasound.  The facility is as clean as can be and the employees are really some of the nicest.  I was half expecting a run down old building with only spanish speaking doctors, but to my surprise, my doctor was so friendly, spoke English and empathized with me in my studies (she completed the same program and had the same professors!).  The clinic is up to date - the nurses take notes on a tablet!  This facility does not care if you are poor or don't have insurance - they will do whatever they can to help you, even keeping in mind the cost factor.  I went for the 3rd time today and the doctor really looked out for my wallet- telling me what absolutely needed to be done.  I cannot recommend this place enough!!  Even if I had insurance, I'm pretty sure I'd still come here.  It's that good.  Oh and they even serve croquetas and pastellitos.  I thought it was a one time thing but they had em again today!
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,6/8/2012,350,676,8,13,13>What a Great tiny little place on US-1!!Asian Fusion Cafe is a small little restaurant located within this sketchy looking shopping plaza. The interior is nicer than the exterior would lead you to believe. The owners who work there were extremely friendly and took their time to talk to us about everything, not just the menu, which was nice. The menu itself is pretty large. They offer many things from sush and pho to curries and stir-frys. We were pretty hungry so we started with an appetizer of Khanom Jeeb. I had never heard of this dish before (picture provided). They were little dumplings that were filled with shrimp, chicken, mushrooms, and bamboo shoots. The texture, as well as the look, was similar to scallops. They tasted great but they're not very big. I came here knowing I had to get the Roasted Duck Pho. I've been reading all about it on Yelp and I have this unhealthy duck obsession, so it was a must. When it came out to me, you could smell all the different herbs that went into the broth. The bowl is fairly large and there was a good amount of duck in the soup. It tastes incredible. The duck is the real winner and this is a must have when you come to this place. My friend ordered the Siam Duck with Basil sauce. The duck was great. It's a half duck that was flash fried and cooked in this basil sauce with peppers, onions, and various spices. It's pretty mild but I think you can adjust for the spiciness depending on how you like it. The duck tasted wonderful but the portion wasn't as large as I thought it would be for a half duck. Great nonetheless.We also got an order of the Thai doughnuts. They are your normal run of the mill thai doughnuts with sweetened condensed milk and all. They are a bit on the small side, but were warm and soft. This place would be a great place to take a date. It's a small and cozy place with a nice interior, great menu and great food. Prices are standard for a place like this. (About $10-$15 for an entree) The service is incredible and the people are genuinely nice. I will be coming back.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,6/7/2012,292,293,8,14,9>The Haulover Sandbar...one of South Florida's many treasures. Places like these are what make us the envy of much of the rest of the country. If you have been out on the sandbar, you know exactly what I am talking about. If you have not been, find a friend with a boat, rent a boat, whatever, just go! Location: Just north of the inlet, where the Ocean meets Biscayne Bay, just south of the Haulover Marina. What you will find: a bunch of boats and jet ski's (me!)  anchored side by side. People in the water, hanging out, enjoying a cold drink, not caring about anything at all going on dry land! There are a couple of barges that sell burgers, dogs, ice cream, etc. Before you ask, NO they are not an eye-sore. We like them. We like their greasy burgers. We like that they do all the work and we don't have to. And as far as the kids are concerned, this is the best ice cream truck EVER! If you come out: PLEASE keep your music at a normal level...no boom boom! PLEASE  Don't leave any garbage behind; this place is paradise, and we would like to keep it this way. This is the perfect local spot to leave your cares behind and totally relax.
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,6/6/2012,836,552,7,10,8>I am addicted to this place, especially their Shrimp Tacos A.K.A El Ray.  I could probably have this every week and not get tired of them.The tortillas are made fresh - real Mexican flavor - not store bought.  The crispy shrimps are on top of spicey mayo, guacamole, cabbage slaw, and, on top of this all, what they call "street style" which is chopped onions, cilantro, and diced tomatoes.  Try it with or without, you'll love it either way.Their guacamole is equally delicious, and their chips, freshly made there too so, they're out hot and crispy.  You'll want to try one right away.The tacos and quesadillas are small so you might want to order two or add a side to make it a meal.  Now, El Nacho Libre (nachos with your choice of meat, jalapeño cheese, refried beans, jalapeño pickles, cream, pico de gallo, guacamole, and street style) is big and so good.I'm telling you, it's addictive...  Not one bad thing here plus the decor is fun.  Lucha Libre masks on one wall, pictures of more wrestling on another, which entertains you while waiting for your freshly made order to be ready.I highly recommend El Jefe, and now, craving a shrimp taco again!
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,6/5/2012,763,459,6,10,9>This event is amazing! Moving from NYC to Miami I doubted that there was any real culture in Miami, until Second Saturdays came along in my world! Sure you can visit these galleries during the day and it's obviously a more laid back/totally different experience, but why would anyone want to look at art sober???I heard about this and completely forgot about it for awhile (yes I am extremely late on the bandwagon but keep in mind I only moved to downtown Miami a year ago) and FINALLY we decided to go.We showed up early as some other fellow yelpers advised everyone to do and I would definitely advise the same1. If you show up late all of the free booze will be gone2. Parking will be hard to find and more expensive3. Traffic picks up later at around 9 as that's when everyone is generally arriving in the masses4. You can't really see the walls when it's pitch dark outside so it's best to arrive early to soak in the scenery and then you can stay as late as you want inside the galleriesThe action starts at like 22nd and N W 2nd Ave and goes all the way to around 27th. We parked at 27th for $10 and walked down to 22nd on one side and then back the other side of the street.So the galleries are pretty cool...you have everything ranging from the artsy fartsy oil on canvas that start at $30,000 (minimum) and range anywhere up from there to literally pop-art on handbags for $20. There are so many different kinds of galleries and different types of artists that this event is sure not to bore anyone. You don't even need to like art really to enjoy this event. There are live art performances and I even saw a live bondage performance which was (to be honest) insanely creepy in my opinion. I posted several photos so take a look at those to get a better feel. There are different bands playing outside everywhere and people handing out tickets for open bar at nearby bars so it's best to make a night out of Second Saturday's. There are also a LOT of different food trucks so come hungry. Don't plan on coming early and leaving early!The crowd is so awesome because it ranges like to the exact opposite extremes. There are the ultra high end girls in their Christian Louboutin's and 5k Chanel bags but there are also the super indie hipster crowd that show up in ripped jeans and tie dye shirts (ok maybe not exactly but you get the point). I really like this vibe but just a recommendation for women, don't wear heels. Trust me, it's not worth it. The sidewalks can be bumpy, people can be bumpy, and the ride just isn't always smooth so wear something comfortable but nice.We will definitely be making a ritual out of this night! I only wish that EVERY gallery had free alcohol!
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,6/4/2012,233,409,10,10,11>For my 200th review Nemesis I choose you!When I think about the best new restaurants I have tried in the last year, Nemesis always comes to mind.  We had heard such great things about this place from our fellow trusted Yelpers and were very excited to try this place out for ourselves.  This funky spot is located around the corner from Gold Rush and Club Space so the location is definitely "urban" as the name says. Don't let the hood fool you though, as the restaurant is very cool.  The space is wide open so you can see into the kitchen, and a mixture of art, umbrellas, and various phrases and quotes adorn the walls.  Speaking of art, the food here is art on a plate.  We started with the Tuscan Sushi which is really a prosciutto wrapped roll of marscarpone, Gorgonzola, and figs.  Absolutely amazing!  I know figs are a popular ingredient these days, but Chef Micah shows how it's done with this dish.Next came the Duck Potstickers and the Pizza Special.  The Postickers went very well with a cold saki pairing suggested by our server and the Pizza with lamb bacon was absolutely amazing.  If they offer the pizza, you have to order it.Finally we had the delicious Guava Chili Pork which came with an cheddar spetzle.   The best part is they use organic and locally sourced products for their delicious fare.Our server was amazing and by her accent I could tell she was South African.  She really opened up when we told her we had spent some time in SA on a safari and for the World Cup.  I was really quite impressed when she told me that she makes her own Biltong.  It was only a couple of days later when my wife saw a picture did we realize that our server was no other than Chef Micah Edelstein.   What a cool chick, would have never have known she was the owner.  She mentioned that they make some South African boerewors on occasion, and we will surely stop by again just for that.  I would highly recommend stopping by Nemesis for a great meal at a cool spot.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,2/25/2011,150,71,19,21,14>Buffalo Soljah!! DREAD LOCK RASTA!! Taken from Africa.... Brought to America!!(I know you're singing the song)This is the first women who I've EVER let do my hair! These are The Sherrie. Two beautifully opposite women who are only identical when their hands enter into your hair! These Sherries can groom a sheep dog into a Dread Star Competition Winner! My first Sherrie experience was with the darker of the two. Honey she is fast and does a good job. Not too talkative but can carry a conversation. So far she's done my hair twice.Now the other Sherrie aka SISTA SHERRIE is a TRIP! I love this woman. She is so beautiful! And each time I meet her she has a different NATURAL hairdo! She is such a beautiful woman (slightly shocking to see the tattoo in the middle of her forehead, but somehow it disappeared in the first 5 mintues of conversation). Now they are not cheap, but reasonably priced. Styles are normally $20. Wash and Style $30 and Wash, Interlock and Stlye $70 (At least this is what I pay). They have a webiste (listed above) so check it out!Woee yo yo! Woee yo yo yo! Woee yo yo yo yo yo yo yo!(I knew you were still humming)
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,2/24/2011,179,117,8,12,9>never thought I'd put fantastic and dental visit in the same sentence but....I just came back from the most fantastic dental visit!! it had been too long since my last dental checkup and cleaning, so today I decided to find a new dentist and make an appointment. they were gracious enough to fit me in at lunch time (today!) because they'd had a cancellation, but they assured me that regardless, they would have been able to schedule me within the week - quite convenient. when I arrived the Dr., Marta, greeted me and introduced herself and her staff who helped me with the initial paperwork and insurance approval process. they were all extremely friendly and helpful and did not make me wait at all. as soon as I completed my paperwork, I was taken into a clean, comfortable room and seated for my appointment....seated in a m-a-s-s-a-g-i-n-g  d-e-n-t-a-l  c-h-a-i-r!! wow, nice touch! they did a full (full) set of x-rays (sixteen, really!?) and were very cautious and gentle while doing so. the doctor came in when they were done and said we would wait for the x-rays and then she would do my check up. after less then 10 minutes, she returned and said, 'lets just go ahead and do the checkup and cleaning so that you don't have to wait anymore. I'll look at the x-rays when you're done." so considerate of the fact that I was on my lunch break.she was thorough in her checkup explaining in detail everything she found and/or felt needed to be done. she then moved on to the cleaning, which she also detailed as she went along so that I would know what to expect. she was also very careful but meticulous about the cleaning...as she was with the polishing, which her assistants usually do for her. (Dr. Gainza was also in the process of training a new hygienist during my visit and showed much patience while teaching her proper procedure) upon finishing my cleaning and checkup, Dr. Gainza sat me down to go over her proposed treatment - what I need done, what the insurance covers, what I pay, and gave me all the information I needed. her assistant, Mom, also gave me my follow up appointment and my next cleaning appointment while being very accommodating with my schedule.affordable, professional, courteous, friendly, welcoming, and with a detailed attention to their craft, this was one of the top dental experiences I've ever had. I will be sure to follow up once my additional visits/work have been taken care of. **big smile**
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,2/23/2011,749,521,19,19,16>I'm giving this place five stars because it provides me with all five elements I need for one of those nights out when you have had enough of whatever posh event you have attended and want to get your "REAL" on.  Randomness, beer, a dearth of Tourists, eh...more beer and more importantly...music.The plan was to head to Lost Weekend but passing by the window I espied some fellow Yelpers inside on an after party from an Elite event...and then it was a case of "LET THE GOOD TIMES ROLL".  And Roll out of there we did at 2:30 a.m. after dancing....and dancing...and dancing some more.  No dancefloor, just get up and shake your moneymaker honey if the moment takes you.I can't understand why people stand in line for a south beach club when gems like this are right there hidden in plain view.And when you need to feed the animal inside...it's just a hop, skip and a jump next door to The Alibi, inside of Lost Weekend.  They share a door.  It's all so Southern Family Style, y'all.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,2/22/2011,85,48,8,10,9>So where do you go after a long day when you just forget about everything that stressed you out!? Bardot is your place. Sexual art pretty much adorns the walls and I really dig the dark, lounge-esque space that definitely will clear your mind, or at least fill it with naughty thoughts...either way you forgot about your day, right!? Exactly.One pool table is at the front, which usually is available-there's plenty of comfy cozy space if you want to lie around or just chat with the bartenders at the bar. Happy hour is 1/2 of certain beers and well drinks, which makes me much happier than this morning when coffee failed tremendously to perk up the latter of the workday. I most likely will return for another round of evening pick-me-ups on those tough stressful times (F*&k the Man!!), plus I hear they'll be serving food soon...They use fresh fruits and other garnishes, def a plus-I also tried the Honey Mule...If you like honey and ginger, this will apeal to you. If not, check out the other libations and one will tend to your tastebuds. Keep in mind the first time you go-there's no sign, so look for the open doors with the heavy red curtains...Yes, that's Bardot
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/13/2010,2/21/2011,290,370,7,9,8>I crave burger and fries maybe 3 times a year - and for the most part I don't usually give in to temptation, but this time I had to. Maybe it's because my boyfriend visited Heavy Burger last week and has been trying to get me to go back with him since. Either way, I was pleasantly surprised with my experience.The restaurant is a shared space with Avenue 29 - which has also been Bar Russo and a few other short-lived bars/restaurants. The ambiance is interesting because you can see the inside of Avenue 29 but the actual seating for Heavy Burger is in the covered patio under a giant red tent. Flat TVs line the walls and various rock/metal memorabilia is placed throughout the space.  As for the food, I ordered the Motley Burger (sans BBQ sauce) and instead had the chipotle aioli. As a whole, the burger was really good. The "frizzled onions" were delicious and they don't skimp on the bacon. We shared a side of cheese fries, but truthfully I ended up housing most of them myself because they were absolutely addicting. The service was pleasant and friendly. After receiving our food the owner came by to thank us for stopping in and to make sure everything was good. He also seemed to recognize my boyfriend since he asked if he had been in recently.  He also mentioned they are now selling cupcakes for dessert that are made in house and from scratch. For someone who isn't a huge burger fanatic, I thought Heavy Burger did everything well. The prices are reasonable, service is solid, and it's nice to have a new option in the Aventura area. 3.5 stars.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,2/20/2011,211,268,12,6,6>Who need the circus? Come here on a nice summer weekend bring a lawn chair drink some beer and laugh at all the people that buy boats and have no clue what they are doing. Black point is a nice well kept marina straight shot to Elliot key from here. I only give it five stairs because I never launch my boat from here. When I come its to eat at the grill or laugh at the show. If I did launch my boat here I would boat be writing this with lots of aggrevation and disgust. Again it is not the marina itself it is the circus act that cones here on the weekends
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,2/19/2011,178,221,10,9,10>This place is slowly becoming part of my morning weekend trek to Salvadore Park with the kids. They make a pretty decent latte, which appeases my need for cafe con leche, and they are so conveniently located off Granada that it's pretty much an in an out for me. I also stop here frequently on my runs as they have water fountains and bathrooms right inside. The place is always immaculate, and there always seems to be at least a party or two in there at any given hour of the day. So - I guess I need to come back and try the food sometime. The people behind the counter always greet me with a smile and a nod, whether I'm abusing their water fountain or purchasing a coffee.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,2/18/2011,221,253,7,12,8>After weeks of anticipation, finally got the opportunity to swing by The Filling Station and pick up one of their much-heralded burgers for lunch.  Okay, I won't lie - a large part of my motivation was the tater tots.  I'm just saying, what restaurant can you find that serves tater tots these days??!  Exaaactly!Called in my order while en route.  I am highly amused to know that others had as hard a time as I did finding this place, even with using GPS.  It felt like I went around the world for 15 minutes before I landed.  (Note: Be mindful of those one-way street signs.)  Nevertheless, I was super lucky to find a good parking space 1 block north and not too far from where I needed to go.I pulled the door open and, I don't know how but the bartender knew who I was and called me over to pickup my order, which was waiting for me at the bar.  WOW!  Talk about customer service!  Not only are they nice, they're psychic too!  And QUICK.  No exaggeration, I spent about 1.75 minutes in The Filling Station.  I didn't even have a chance to take in the surroundings.  I can't tell you what anything on the inside looked like, it was just that fast.  For me, that's a plus because it lets me know that they understand the lunchtime rush and respect their customers' time.In all, I paid $10 for a great charbroiled tasting burger with a gang of tator-tots.  Was it the *best* burger I've had in recent memory?  No.  But it was pretty decent.  And that's perfectly fine because they serve good quality ingredients on a great bun and provide amazing service.  I'll still return to The Filling Station and give their other offerings a try.  They deserve my business and it shows.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,2/17/2011,83,148,11,18,7>You got to treat dim sum here like you're shopping for a great knock-off designer purse in Chinatown. You've got to stay in control. Do not let the carts control you. So, instead of babbling on and on about the lack of a chicken feet cart like there was the last time I came here for dim sum (way back in 1999, which burned a weird memory into my psyche) or giving everyone another tireless review of the items I like best (pork buns and the steamed rice that comes in a leaf are by far my personal favorites) here's a few tips for those of you who have not popped your Tropical Chinese cherry:1) The interior of this restaurant looks like Mad Hatter's in town -- everyone's running amok, kids are screaming, loud families are yapping away. The place is always  packed, but, DO NOT FEAR, waits for tables are usually not that long. 10-15 usually tops regardless of how long the wait looks. 2) If you get stressed out easily or demand a lot of attention from a waiter, this dim sum may not be for you: Carts most likely will not come directly to your table. Sometimes they may, but most of the time you've got to make some hardcore eye-contact, wave, smile, throw ninja stars, or just get up,  walk over to the cart and demand what you want. All these crazy tactics (sans the flying knives) are acceptable here and work. 3) Be patient! Don't go for the first cart of grub that comes your way just because you're desperate for food. For some reason the truly delicious stuff you have to wait a bit for, but it's worth it. Plus, impatience transforms into a hefty bill, you can easily rack up $70 between two people in no time. For dim sum. Yeah. I'm serious.4) Don't let waiters fast-talk you. If you can't hear what they're saying, tell them to slow down. If you don't understand what something is, ask them what it is again. And do not let them just take a bunch of stuff from their cart, put it on a plate, and then drop it on your table UNLESS you really want it. They will try this, don't let them.5) No free re-fills on soda. And soda's usually flat. Just stick with tea or water. Ah, a steamed white rice is on the house as well (for all your crazy ricers out there).If you play by these rules, you'll have a pretty good time. If not, you may leave missing some hair from your head.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,2/16/2011,118,186,10,16,13>There is something about Peruvian food that suggests comfort while at the same time excitement for your senses with exotic flavors, aromas and a riot of color. Peruvian food just makes me happy. Peru Criollo does that with just about any dish.  But especially the Ceviche.  And, of course, the Rotisserie chicken is what finger-lickin-good should really taste like.  But they have a lot of other delectable goodies.   Fortunately for me they are a few blocks from home, so when I get a craving for some REAL unpretentious food, they!re right down the road.  The service is usually very good and quick.  Just don't expect a fancy place.  Come here hungry and for a few bucks you will leave happy.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,12/9/2013,101,9,3,6,4>I went here because this is the only place around Brickell that has a descent craft beer selection with 12 on tap.  They have some of the basics and also some nice rotating taps.I ordered the short rib and my buddy ordered the bacon and brie sandwiches. Of course I tried both and they were superb. Nice thick bread toasted perfectly. You can tell they use top of the line ingredients there. I sat in the back near the kitchen. I do this to check out the kitchen - which I did.  It looked very very clean and easy to clean which is as important.The beer lineup today included selections from Left Hand, Shipyard, Dogfish Head, Ommengang, Tequesta Brewing, Oskar Blues, Cigar City, Sea Dog, Blue Point, Delirium Tremens, and few being swapped out. I had TCB's  Gnarly Barley with my short rib and it was perfect.  I went with TCB because next week is South Florida beer week so I chose a local (Florida Beer).Over The Counter is a great place to get some good gourmet food quick and craft beers. If you are in the Brickell area, do yourself a favor and hit up OTC.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,12/8/2013,113,636,7,15,9>Oh my.  What a delectable experience! I saw this business pop up on Yelp as a new business and since they had a unique cuisine (Moroccan), I decided I should try it, plus being on the quaint Espanola Way, it piqued my interest.Tucked in a dark corner right by A la Folie Cafe, I saw Fez with a low-lit interior.  The pretty, arched main entrance gave way to an intimate room where the tables and bar were located.  Although it was a bit loud that night, I was assured it was due to a party.  Once they left, the place retained the intimate atmosphere, as intended.  The beautiful lanterns gave it an authentic feel, as did the Moroccan manager and the cook, who later came out.  Casablanca projected onto a white wall behind the bar gave it a glamorous, romantic feel.Scanning through the menu, it was tough to make a choice: it all sounded so good! My friend and I finally decided we'd have lamb, but not before trying an appetizer.  The house salad sounded good, and in addition, we got a complimentary dish of olives and pita.  I took a bite into the house salad and it was delicious! The vinaigrette dressing was soft, not overpowering, but let the flavors of the vegetables come through.  I was surprised to see radishes, as it's not often you find a salad that brings these.  There was redleaf lettuce, one of my favorites, and feta cheese.  I asked about the dressing, but was told it was "the chef's secret".  Aw, c'mon! I wasn't trying to steal the recipe, I was just going to try and enhance my description of the dressing for my fellow Yelper friends.  I think it had lime, or lemon, but I am not sure of what else.  Sorry guys, I tried.Next up, the lamb.  I had a lamb tagine, which is like a stew, while my friend had the lamb chops.  He said they were very tender and tasty, and devoured them quickly, along with the potatoes and asparagus.  He normally won't pick up a lamb chop because he thinks it's "unrefined" to eat with your hands, but these must have been reeeeeeeally good, because he didn't even hesitate to pick them up and munch off every last shred of meat.  As to my lamb tagine...wow! My friend said my face lit up and he just knew I was in love.  The chunks of lamb were so tender and flavorful! The meat just came off like threads with the fork, and the prunes gave it an exotic, unique taste.  For dessert, my friend got a creme brulee while I got a very beautifully presented flan with an orchid and rhubarb.  The flan was very velvety, and had an aromatic flavor.  In addition, we got complimentary mint tea that was so good, we asked for a second tea pot, and were glad to get it for free.  The chef came out and we met him and congratulated him on his delicious cooking.  He said he was happy to have us and that they're trying to make it an intimate place for couples and family to meet.  Though I don't have a significant other in my life, if you do, or if you're planning to have a date with someone, this would be a great place to bring that person.  The low-lighting and delicious food will guarantee a very romantic meal as you later stroll through Espanola Way to walk off those calories and digest that hearty meal.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,12/7/2013,159,118,9,14,11>Good pho is definitely hard to find in Miami. I found it thanks to Yelp's talk threads. Someone asked about it and the answers came pouring in with Pho Thang receiving the majority of the votes. I filled up my tank and made the trek over to the end of the Earth for a late lunch.Started my meal with the Golden Pancake, a rice pancake filled with shrimp and pork and served with a variety of greens and a kick-ass sauce. Can't tell you the name of it, sorry. This was a rather large serving, about the size of an omelette and was so good I wanted to order another! One of the other patrons even asked us about it on his way out because it looked so good. This was a great appetizer and a good size shared between my wife and I. Next came the pho. To be honest, I didn't order the pho myself. I know that bowls of pho can be enormous so my wife ordered the Special Beef pho and I ordered the rice plate with chicken, pork, and a fried egg to share. The pho was damn good. I mean, if it's in the name of the restaurant it better be! Rare beef, flank, meatball, and tripe noodle soup and an entire plate on the side full of veggies plus five different sauces to make it as spicy as you like (extra spicy!) I enjoyed every slurp!I'm dying to go back.
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,12/6/2013,147,65,16,17,16>Ah Purdy, you are the comfort food of miami nightlife, the mac and cheese of late night outings. First of all, FREE. Say what?! Are you guys aware that you're located in South Beach, a.k.a the mecca of the overpriced? The second, yet equally amazing bonus point is the dress code, or better yet, lack thereof. Again, you crazy kooks are in South Beach! Isn't there some kind of law that mandates you have a roided up, power hungry bouncer at the door telling people they are not worthy? This place also appears to have time travelling abilities, given that you are bound to run into someone you haven't seen in 3 or more years. Another of purdy's magical powers is that is always seems to predict the kind of night you need. There's the, "I just want to dance" night where you get dolled up and walk into a PACKED place but it doesn't bother you at all because the music is just right and everyone is shaking what their momma gave them. Then there is the obligatory, "We were at place X but it got lame and we wanted to keep it going" night, and you walk into a typical lounge scene where people are nursing the end of their buzz. Sometimes you have the "I don't feel like clubbing but I dont want to turn into a fat agoraphobic" kind of night, so you gather some friends, throw on a pair of chucks and Purdy welcomes you with open arms and free blowpops. I hear they're open in the afternoons, although I've never been. I would imagine that's where the pool table and board games come in. It's probably like hanging out at your friend's house, the one with the cool parents that always let you have people over and don't give a crap what's going on in the basement. Drunken spelling bee is pretty fun (unless the MC calls you a "disturbance" for letting out a sad sigh when your friend misspells potpourri). Prices are decent, bartenders are pretty friendly. What would we do without our beloved Dirty Purdy?
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,12/5/2013,504,281,15,21,13>I lost track of how many times I said 'Oh my God' during tonight's dinner...let's just say it was enough for someone walking by to think I was either having an orgasm or pulling a Meg Ryan. Technically, I was in the midst of the throes of passion with my meal, so the former would be partially correct.All the dishes were ahhhmazing, from the corvina ceviche and lobster tacos, through the scallops and pork, all the way to the delectable desserts...but for me, the STAR of the show was the octopus....OMG I don't even know how they did it!!! The seasoning was not overwhelming at all, the freshness of the octopus was clear in the taste, and the texture was spot on. Hands down the best octopus that I have had. Service was spectacular, thanks to the dynamic duo of Fernando and Francesca. My glass of Sauvignon Blanc, an impeccable one at that which so happened to go by the name Buena Vista like the charming neighborhood that The District finds itself in, was consistently filled as was my water glass. Fernando even humored me enough to find out if the waitstaff shirts would be available for purchase, since I found them absolutely adorable. A new batch comes in next week, and I plan to get my crazy little hands on one! I am so looking forward to the outdoor patio opening, with their full bar, for some long lazy Sunday brunches, post work happy hours and just overall 'get away from Miami' vibe within the heart of the city. Looks like there's a new cool spot in town for us crazy foodies to convene at. Let's do it!
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,12/4/2013,191,271,9,9,7>I stand corrected and will find a way to take a picture of me eating the Tweet where I said I didn't like this restaurant. I'm a man of my word and will find a way to make it happen somehow. So, yesterday I wanted to go anywhere I hadn't been to before, or, in a long time for breakfast. Sarussi, being close to home, was an obvious choice since it was pouring pretty badly yesterday. I had been here many years ago and honestly, I was so drunk that day that anything I said about this restaurant before this review should not be taken to heart. For breakfast, I had: Desayuno #4 beefsteak with 2 eggs sunny side up, onions, homemade potatoes, toasted bread and coffee with milk. It was very nice and filling. Large enough in size where I wasn't hungry until yesterday evening. The nicest part about this breakfast is the thinly sliced tomato adorning the plate. I really hope it was intended to be eaten. I'm assuming yes since they were ripe enough and fresh in flavor. All in all, it was a nice filling breakfast. They, too, have more selections for breakfast than other Cuban restaurants in Hialeah. Then, I tried their toast.Me: ¿Señora, ustedes hacen su propio pan aquí? (Do you make your own bread here?)Waitress, with a huge smile and emphatically pointing at their ovens: ¡SÍ! Todos los días. (YES! Every day.)Touche Sarussi, it was noticeable from tasting the bread alone. One thing I do know about, is the taste of food which is homemade using fresh ingredients. So, long story short, I ended-up ordering two subs to-go. 1. Original-smoked ham, baked pork, mozzarella cheese, pickles and the secret sauce and 2. Pierna De Cerdo-homemade baked pork, mozzarella cheese, cooked onions, tomatoes, potato sticks and the secret sauce (copied & pasted from their menu online.) Obvious fresh ingredients and made daily. I was there at nine in the morning and already they were putting pre-made sandwiches in the cooler. I am more than sure they run out of them by the end of the day. One thing which is obvious and needs to be pointed out, these are not Cuban Sandwiches, per se, if you are in search of a literal interpretation of a "Cuban Sandwich." These are subs with an Hispanic twist. The "secret sauce," however, is indeed very Cuban and garlic based. Ok, so yeah, between mother and I, we devoured both large sandwiches that evening. Worth the trip to have one of the sandwiches on their menu, at least once, in your lifetime if you want something different from the norm out there. I will be back. Lest I forget, it was early in the morning and she assured me, with a huge smile, there was no problem whatsoever making me my sandwiches.Restaurant was spotless, waitresses were beyond nice, knowledgeable of the menu and blah blah blah. If they are ever really busy, parking here can be a challenge. It is inside a small shopping center on a busy corner of Hialeah with other shops sharing the space. The outside of the shopping center can use a light spruce up. It's time. **Hablando cubanamente, se la comieron meng. El pan es hecho en casa y los ingredientes son frescos. Recomiendo venir aquí por lo menos una vez. No son los sandwiches (bocadillos) típicos cubanos, pero, muy buenos. Volveré prónto.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,12/3/2013,91,224,7,9,9>Finally got the chance to visit this restaurant and tried their Rice Vermicelli noodles with pork and lemon grass.  The pork was savory, sweet, and complemented the dish extremely well. My friend ordered the same dish, but with beef; however, we both agreed that the pork was much better than the beef. The seasoning is pretty different as the pork was sweet while the beef was more on the salty/bland side. I've never tried their Chinese food, but judging from what i've tried in Miami, i've come to the conclusion that there is no decent Chinese restaurants in this area... including from this place. THe boba that they offer here is amazing. The honeydew and taro boba are among my favorites. I tried their Thai tea version, and it's good, but it definitely does NOT taste what Thai tea should taste like. PRicewise, it's very reasonable. THe Rice Vermicelli noodles were $9. Boba ranges from $4-5. Definitely would come back here again. This is the place to get your VIetnamese fix!
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,12/2/2013,61,50,7,6,8>Had a ton of fun letting my geek flag fly at Florida Supercon.  I wasn't sure what to expect because it was my first time at Supercon but I really hope it's not my last.  There were so many artists and TV personalities to meet.  I got to meet Dave Gibbons [The artist of Watchmen, one of the most critically acclaimed graphic novels of all time and my personal favorite].  He signed my copy of Watchmen for free and even did an impromptu tai chi demonstration for us while we were talking, it blew my mind how cool and down to Earth he is.  Whatever your geeky interest was at Supercon, there was someone there for you to meet.  The list of people was endless.I'm glad the people attending were so friendly.  I got stopped a bunch of times to have my picture taken as Studio Ghibli's Totoro.  Also ran into some of my other Studio Ghibli favorites like Kiki [Kiki's Delivery Service], No face [Spirited Away], and San [Princess Mononoke].  Looking forward to next year and hopefully more events like this one in South Florida.
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,12/1/2013,479,576,7,10,7>Can you say HUGE? That was the size of the portions we ordered. Every dish was fresh, tasty, and prepared to order.My mom had a slice of cheese pizza. It was so large that we cut it into 4 and shared. It was as tasty as the pizza back in NY. Great cheese, sauce and thin crust. My dad had a salad. The greens were crispy and fresh. The other veggies were too. There was freshly sliced cheese on top. I ordered the "chickenless shnitzel sandwich". The owner, who comes out front to meet the customers, asked me how I wanted the sandwich prepared and he put it all together so deliciously.The shnitzel was crispy on the outside, soft on the inside and did taste like chicken. The bread was fresh and roasted with garlic and pesto. The veggies inside, roasted peppers, olives, mushroom, and red onions, were sauteed with lemon and dill.It was really good.  When they brought it out we thought they had made a mistake and given us 2 orders. Turns out, their sandwiches are HUGE. We shared that, and still had plenty to take home. We also shared a cheese filled pretzel that was hot, soft, and came with marinara dipping sauce.Overall, Uncle Noodle's Pizzeria is a small pizzeria that serves fresh food with huge flavor.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,11/30/2013,63,154,2,6,5>I've found a new place to get work done in my Beamer for a decent price and by an honest person.  Marcelo is the owner of this shop.  I bumped into him at a gas station coincidently after I was looking up shops that works on BMW's.  I was getting tired of South Motors bullsh*ting w my car.  He gave me his card and the rest was history. When I took my car he figured out one of the problems right away and fixed it right away which South Motors could not do after I took it up there twice.  The other problem he was able to get my part for $400 cheaper than what South Motors was trying to charge.  Of course I was not ready to replace the part needed for I needed to discuss it w my husband first but, he fixed the other problems and didn't bother to charge me!  After telling my husband about it my husband most def want to do business w Marcelo! Also Marcelo offers to take you to a shopping center or wherever u may want to go while waiting on ur car or u can sit in his shop and watch tv.  His shop is actually comfortable and not cluttered or disgusting looking like other shops I've been to. If you need basic work or want your car tricked out check out Marcelo. I believe you won't regret it!
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,9/8/2009,148,183,6,6,5>I'd like to think this fancy schmancy restaurant keeps it real by being hidden within Bay Harbor but it is truly a place worth knowing. Upon entering, the walls are filled with caricatures, old ads and even a batman rendering on the wall. Makes for a nice cosy atmosphere, quite homey and has somewhat of a rustic charm. Can't tell you much about prices due to the fact that it was my company's holiday party, in which they sponsored. Free dinner? Awesome, I'm there!The appetizers. Fried and greasy but tasty. Fried potato chips, fried asparagus, fried onion rings, fried calamari, fried oysters. OMG the oysters. I almost forgot about those. Okay, if you're going to get an appetizer, this is most definitely the one to get. Hands down, OMG, delicious. Yes, it even deserves an O-M-G.The Palm has been renown for its aged USDA prime steak, according to its website. However, after last night I can tell you tis not a lie. The New York steak was amazing. Granted, it was the first time I've ever had a big thick "New York" steak but was good nonetheless. Succulent, tender, tasty and wonderful. My only qualms perhaps was that as a novice steak eater, my jaw eventually hurt from all that chewing of meat and fat. Bad but oh, so good. Needless to say, I think my choice of steak is now a toss up. Big thick steaks apparently get the job done as I couldn't even finish my meal but thin steaks. Yum. If your a meat lover, you'll love it. I was a little sad at the fact that the potatoes they served was not properly proportioned but I guess it's all about the steak at that place.Word of caution: it's pretty easy to get drunk/drink a lot at this place. As soon as the waiters see that you've taken a sip, they come right around and fill you back up. It's kind of hard to keep track of how much you drink when they do that. Then again, who's complaining? Fill me up, Scotty.Overall, the service was pretty decent. Btw, did I mention that there's complimentary valet service? That's right. F-R-E-E. It reminded me of a movie where you show up, they take your car and all the waiters inside are wearing white coats and serving pepper to you with that big long fancy pepper grinder. Awesome.Side note: the bathrooms have fancy toilets with seat covers that rotate  at the push of a button so your bottom has a nice clean new piece of plastic to rest on. Tre cool.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2009,9/7/2009,374,258,5,5,3>I'd been meaning to try this place out ever since it opened a few months back, and I finally made it this weekend. Hmmm, what can I say? This place has its definite pros and cons.  Maybe I'll just make a little list:Pros:-Pizza was pretty good. I tried the Babaganoush pizza, which is an interesting concoction consisting of chicken, eggplant, fontina/mozarella cheeses, and pine nuts.  Pine nuts are a favorite of mine, and even on pizza they fit beautifully...-Greek salad packed with tons of feta and kalamata olives.  HUGE portion.-Atmosphere.  Inside, you don't feel like this place is in a strip mall...In fact, as my boyfriend put it, it even feels like you're dining someplace else instead of Miami.Cons:-I don't think the people who own the place were prepared for so many customers.  The place was full, it was a Saturday night, and they had only 2 waiters.  Needless to say, the service suffered quite a bit.  It took FORTY FIVE MINUTES to bring out our pizza.  Really? 45 minutes for a pizza?  Were they growing the eggplant in the back? Did they have to go kill the chicken first? I mean,  just ridiculous!  Every other pizza joint I've ever been to takes no more than 20 minutes to make a pizza, regardless of whatever toppings I've ever asked for.  -The eggplant on the Babaganoush pizza is missing something.  I love eggplant, but I think the breading they use on theirs is very "blah".  I'd rather the pizza have fresh grilled eggplant instead.  -The "greek" dressing on the Greek Salad was more of a balsamic vinaigrette.  Don't get me wrong, I like balsamic vinaigrette, but I expect GREEK dressing on my GREEK salad.  I need to go back there for dessert.  I prefer gelato over ice cream any day, but I was too full to give it a try.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2009,9/6/2009,304,163,5,7,6>Nestled in the brand spankin' new Mondrian, Asia de Cuba is one of my new favorite restaurants on the beach. As you walk in you are greeted by slick, sleek and sexy white. There's a photoshopped photo-realistic picture of a bratz looking girl that adorns the front wall. As we waited for a table, we grabbed a drink at the bar. I had a passionfruit picante cocktail- passionfruit, vodka, spice mix and red pepper flakes. Yummm. A perfect balance of sweet, salty, spicy and tang.We nabbed a table outside and had an amazing view of the bay as well as the large scaled-Alice in wonderlandish motiff of the pool. The food is thoughtful, playful and fresh. We ordered a beef  salad with paper thin slices of perfectly seasoned and spicy beef carpaccio that was countered and complimented with lightly seasoned greens. We also split an ahi tuna with wasabi mashed potatoes- again, a perfect combination and play on textures, spice and flavor.Be sure to make the mondrian the top of your list of places to check out!
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,9/5/2009,339,54,3,7,5>I went with my buddy to check this place out after we decided to do some late dinner adventuring. I would say it was definitely worth the experience, as a local miamian who had never even heard of this place until a few months ago despite living here 25+ years. So I can't compare it to white castle, as there are none here in the south east. I can compare it to the plethora of mini-burgers I've had in chains (fridays, chilis, etc.), and the frozen white castle ones you can pick up at publix.  That said, the burgers were good, a good value for the price. Tasty, yet nothing over the top. The fries though were pretty terrible. But it is what it is.  I'd go with the keily burgers, which are little sliders with cheese and bacon and onions on top. hmmm. they use good breakfast style bacon too (not the crap you get at some fast food joints, but more like denny's cut of bacon).  They also serve what appear to be their own brand of sodas, which were really sweet (I had the castle cola, but they had other flavors too)So would I go back? Probably not anytime soon (neighborhood isn't great, and its not convenient).  Is it worth checking out at least once? Yes.  Especially because this was once a florida institution with over 100 stores throughout the area.  They only just recently reopened too.miamiherald.com/news/mia…and its open 24 hours btw
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2009,9/4/2009,201,337,6,6,6>This is a great place to go if you don't want to spend a lot of money or cook one night. We moved from the Kendall area 5 months ago and we've been looking for places in our area to replace our favorite eateries in Kendall. Cons: The garlic bread we got was very salty. Pros: The pizza and the steak and cheese sub were both very good. The bruschetta was ok. I would have liked it more if it had basil, but it was still good. The service is awesome. I would come to this place just for the service. We had our food to go but inside there were quite a few tables where people could sit and enjoy their meal. The place is nicely decorated as well. Their menu is so extensive, I would love to return to this place and try new things!
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,9/3/2009,196,289,10,10,9>If you work downtown, you know how hard it is to find a place that offers good affordable food and good service.  There's not too many choices within walking distance of one's office if you want something more than a sandwich.Fratelli Milano is a diamond in the rough.  This little cafe offers tasty meals that are beautifully presented.  I usually have the grilled chicken (pollo diavola) that resembles a chicken paillard.  The dishes are well seasoned and so generous that the place anticipates that people might want to share and charge a $2.50 sharing charge.  With so many tasty options, I can't imagine anyone wanting to share a single plate.The pizza is also pretty amazing.  Flaky thin crust with a delicious sauce and just the right amount of cheese.  My friend forced me to have the profiteroles and I'm glad he did.  3 cream puffy things came out on a single plate and my jaw dropped.  I usually don't like cream-puffy things but these definitely changed my mind.This is my go-to place for when I want to treat myself (or colleagues/co-workers) to a full hour for lunch during the work week.  They also deliver with only $5 minimum!
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,9/2/2009,723,1088,7,10,10>The Oldest Triathlon Series in South Florida First Race in the series is usually on the third week of June and then there are 2 more, hence the name Triathlon trilogy - one in July and one in August- This event is definitely a must for the multi sport enthusiast, I have been racing these for over 6 years now and like me, they have been the races that started a lot of us in the world of multi sport. Most of us have gone on to longer events such as Ironman races and more. Anyway the venue is fantastic, the swim leg is in the ocean but usually, barring the rare early morning storm, it starts early when the ocean is calm so it is a pretty fast leg. Takes the average swimmer less than 10 minutes to complete this 500 meter swim. The swim to bike transition is a bit long because the beach is so wide but it is mostly over sand a bit of pavement and grass so it is not too harsh on the feet. The Bike leg is the best !!! Racing over the Rickenbacker Causeway, you enjoy the best views of Downtown Miami and Brickel, the bridge is the great equalizer - known as the only "hill" in Miami it kicks the ass of those cyclists not used to hill workouts - it is 10 miles and it rocks !! The run is beautiful as well, it is a 5 K within Crandon park, some of it bordering the ocean, beautiful fast and enjoyable - triple whammy !!! This series is really good because each individual race serves as a benchmark for the next one, it is good way to increase your fitness level and gear up for the longer races in the fall, such as Escape to Miami, Miami Man and the Florida Ironman - and also for the 13.1 race in Fort Lauderdale and the Marathon of the Palm Beaches in early December- For 2009 they have thrown in a "bonus" round in September which is even better because it leaves you completely tuned up to tackle the Escape to Miami International Triathlon. Don't feel like paying for the entry fees, no problem, volunteer at the races (yes you can volunteer and race the same day) and they will give you credit towards your race entry. multirace.com ...for details.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2008,8/31/2009,103,159,8,10,8>The food was delicious. Two or maybe three people can share the nacho platter itself! My only complaint is the following. After ordering our sodas, we found out that niether one of the two coke dispensers were giving out coke. Instead it was some white liquid that tasted horrible. After we complained, they said they would put in a new coke. Well, we sat down and ate, waiting for the them to change it. It was until we almost choked on our food that I decided to check on the coke situation.Apparently the guy just decided to give up on changing it and didn't tell us. When I asked he said some knob was jammed and he couldn't change it. THANKS FOR LETTING ME KNOW AFTER THE FACT! We had to settle for water, even though we paid for drinks.Other than that, don't expect something fancy when you come here. The food is delicious though, it's a shame the poor customer service ruined my experience.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2009,8/30/2009,73,158,3,5,6>wow! just got back from an amazing lunch experience here. the food and service were 100% 5 stars. I am only deducting one star b/c its a very small space and the kitchen is open so i smell like everything we had was cooked on me (which i hate, why i don't enjoy hibachi restaurants)ok the food...we had lomo salteado w/ some rasberry and caramelized onion sauce that was out of controla "pomo especial" which i had never heard of but it was this jar that came w/ onions fried eggs chorizo peppers bread chunks and heaven all served in a jar that when opened emitted a luscious smellwe had the croquettas, bacalao was awesome, pollo was outstanding and jamon was typical but goodthey have a black hummus that comes with some sort of bbq sauce on top that i think i could eat every day of my life.the highlight of the meal - dessert...we had some kind of sundae that came w/ crumbled home made biscotti and a homemade strawberry sauce that rocked my world. prices are VERY reasonable. b/w 5 and 12 dollars per generous sized tapa (easily shared)
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,8/29/2009,34,109,6,10,7>My friends and I live in South Beach and Midtown and we decided we needed a day trip away from our usual haunts.  We wanted to go kayaking and I found that Crandon Park beach rents kayaks (single and dbl) by the 1/2 hour or hour (or more).  The drive (not to long, 30 minutes from south beach) was really worth it.  The beach was a little hard to find, but only because we had never been there before. The person taking the $5 entrance fee was very very helpful and nice and gave us directions to the kayak rental.  I was pleasantly surprised when we got to the beach, it wasn't to crowded and very quiet!  No stereos, no hotel parties, very calm and peaceful.  A great place to get away from the usual and pretend you're on vacation.We originally wanted to go kayaking, but Ariel (guy who rented out everything) convinced us to try the "Hydro-Bikes" Because as he says, they are faster and you legs are stronger than the arm and back muscles used for kayaking, so you can be out on the water longer.  I was out for a full hour!  Very cool.  The bikes come in single or tandem and they sit on top of the water supported by two long floaty things.  (yes, that's the technical term).  I went out for a full hour and was tired when I got back, but not exhausted.  Bring some water and snacks, but please clean up after yourself (plenty of garbage cans to do this).  Otherwise there is a cafe by the lighthouse... called Lighthouse Cafe.  -The beach has lots of dried seaweed washed up, but the water was surprisingly very clear.-$1.50 toll to get on Key Biscayne, $5 entrance to park- Kayak rental/ hydro bike rental (same prices):  Single $10 for 30 min or $15 for 1 hourDouble $15 for 30 min or $25 for 1 hour  -Ariel said he is usually there until 8pm.  We left around 6 and he was packing up...- There weren't any showers at the beach.- Ariel also rents the beach chairs and umbrellas.ummm, i think thats it!  Have fun!
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2009,5/22/2009,331,340,10,25,12>Let me start by saying, I am not a 1st timer when it comes to ink... I choose my places with a lot of thought, and only on recommendations.That being said, I had been thinking about this piece for my forearm for quite sometime now. I decided yesterday, wtf? Im doing it today. Totally NOT realizing it was a FRIDAY, I walked my butt into Twisted Heart and got my piece priced out. Low and Behold, they were all booked. The guy Jay who did my wrist years ago was no longer there, but judging from the work that was going on around me, I was in safe hands. They made an appointment for me for the next day, but said, if they could, they would try to squeeze me in later. Sure enough, I got the call a few hours later to come in! YAY! Tony did my piece for me. He was VERY careful to have it lined up perfectly, in the right spot, and after about 3 attempts, and a few second opinions, it was where it should be! About an hour later, I was the proud owner of a perfectly imprinted piece of ink. The lettering are literally perfect!!!! Looks like I was stamped! The guys here are super cool, not your run of the mill "Im too cool for school cause I do tats" kind of guys at all. Totally down to earth, easy to BS with, and totally affordable! Thank you guys! I will be back. (OH, Ps. The lot is SMALL. your parking skills will be tested, so come prepared to battle federal traffic, and tight spots. ;) )
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2009,5/21/2009,43,55,4,13,9>I was here yesterday for the soft opening. It is a restaurant and nightclub. At the opening the tables were like tall, and there really wasn't a place to sit, so I'd be curious to know how they will work this out for the restaurant. There is a stage with with pianos where they play live music ranging from 80s rock to classic good feel songs. The artists basically jam on stage. The decor theme is red and black and the walls have charicatures of famous people, including the commisioner of Miami (who was hah there). There is a huge keebler elf tree around the pianos. The staff is super energetic and friendly. The food that we were given to sample off trays was delicious basic American fare. I had a lot of fun with friends, because of course the drink portions were nice and large, and they didn't skimp. I will be coming back here, because we definently need to support establishments like these at the Grove.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,5/20/2009,165,258,9,16,10>I had the chance to stumble upon The Market Company's Wynwood Warehouse Organic Market today, and it was exactly what I'd been missing in the Midtown area:  a small, well-curated organic vegetable selection.  (Publix is fine for somethings, but I can do without the crowded aisles and lines.)  PLEASE NOTE:  I'm writing this review on a bit of a high, having just eaten a salad of arugula, heirloom tomatoes, goat cheese, and tabbouleh, all from the market.  So, hopefully, you'll find it to be fair and balanced.In addition to beautiful, local, in-season produce, they have a small selection of dried goods (pastas, crackers), honey (try the walnut honey packed with whole walnuts), oils, olives, fresh mozzarella, etc.  If that weren't enough, a Lebanese chef had a stand with beautiful organic goat cheese, stuffed grape leaves, hummus, the aforementioned tabbouleh (which I was driven to get by the amazing smell alone), and other lunch-ready fare.  The market is small, but the owner told us that she has plans to grow.  This is where Michael's Genuine, Brosia, etc. are getting some of their menu ingredients.  Kris Wessel of Red Light showed up while we were there, and we heard him wax poetic about the variegated eggplants, which he described as 'like cake'.  The market is now open from Tuesday through Friday, 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM.  Oh, and bring your recyclable bags to fuel that saintly, healthy, green feeling you'll get from your visit.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,5/19/2009,65,23,7,10,10>Define annoyance. Annoyance is driving up and down Rickenbacker Causeway 3 times, having to pay the same toll booth lady ALL 3 times, who CLEARLY recognizes you from less than 5 minutes ago.We were in search of the Rusty Pelican in Key Biscayne, an off-the-beaten-path seafood restaurant that we had read rave reviews about, but at this time cursed it's location and dismal signage.Our bellyaching ceased once we entered the main dining room... we were immediately enthralled by the sparkling panoramic view of Miami. The Rusty Pelican is to Miami what the Waters Edge is to Manhattan, an amazing restaurant located adjacent to the city skyline.When not eating, we were captivated by the shimmering neon skyline backdrop. The city felt grand, a perspective of Miami that I had not experienced before.After ordering our drinks, the waiter brought us the most addicting breadbasket ever: thinly sliced pieces of Italian bread, toasted with butter and sprinkled with melted cheddar cheese, flavors perfectly melding together. Just like Pringles, "once you pop, you can't stop"... and we didn't... until the fried calamari appetizer was served.The fried calamari was cooked PERFECTLY... tender, not chewy, the batter crisp and light, and served with a chipotle mayo, slightly spicy and beautifully complementing. My only suggestion would be to make the dip spicier, but that is a personal preference. Needless to say, we had already nominated this restaurant our favorite before the main courses had even arrived.The wine was flowing when our main courses made it to the scene... I admit that I expected lower quality than what was served. Many restaurants in New York with great locations skimp on quality, but this was not the case. My two friends ordered Lobster Tails stuffed with crab meat... perfectly cooked, ample portions, deliciously seasoned, there was not one complaint about the dish from any of us... Perfect!I ordered the Spicy Lobster and Crab Pasta - Lobster and Crab sauteed in a spicy lobster brandy sauce with prosciutto and parmesan cheese, over penne rigate. The dish was delicious as well, topped with shredded real crab meat, chunks of lobster blended into the pasta. Enticing, spiced beautifully, and again an oversized portion.My other friend, who ached for scallops the entire weekend, satisfied her craving with the Shrimp and Scallop Scampi, served over a bed of fettuccine. A basic dish that is somewhat difficult to ruin, the scallops and shrimp were a good size and seasoned well.This restaurant was truly amazing, the ambiance unparalleled. For the hours we were there, we felt like we were in a different world. There is nothing I appreciate more in a dining experience than feeling like I am on a journey, far from the everyday norm. The Rusty Pelican is definitely in my top 5 favorites of Miami restaurants.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,5/18/2009,944,946,10,12,10>I'd been wanting to check out Go-Go for a while now, but always seemed to be over in that area during their off-hours.  And I'd been craving empanadas for a while, since my attempt to get one for breakfast recently was unsuccessful.  Anyway, I finally walked over to pick up some dinner during their normal operating hours recently, and I'm kicking myself for not having made it here earlier!I went all out cause I wanted to try a bunch of things.  The empanadas that I tried were awesome (steak chimichurri & eggplant parm)!!  And the dough was buttery and flaky without being greasy, which only led to the amazingness.  I also tried the dessert empanada - dulce de leche & blackberries.  This one was sooooo good, I found myself contemplating licking the bag it had leaked a little of its awe-inspiring filling into.  I didn't do it, but I sure did think about it!Go-Go to Go-Go's!  Now!  Seriously.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,5/17/2009,120,48,8,11,9>I'm a local and think there is nothing more fun than being a tourist in your own town. This place takes the cake!!! I'm a two-timer and will definitely go again, and again, and again!! The first time I went was a few months ago for my roommate's 30th birthday. Since moving to Miami Beach she has discussed wanting to do this. In my own naivete, I would constantly blow her off as such an activity was "too touristy." Well, for her birthday we all figured we would give in...and off we went. We were advised that we could bring our own booze and food on board. We deterred regarding the booze as there is no bathroom on board and we worried that 90 minutes of drinking and no restrooms could equally a disaster none of us wanted to encounter. So with birthday cupcakes in tow we surprised the birthday girl with a duck tour. WHAT A DAY!! Our guide was Ricky Marlin and he was absolutely hilarious and we tipped him well for our awesome time aboard the duck. You start by going south on Washington, west over the MacArthur where you pull into the boat ramp at Jungle Island and "magically" the bus becomes a boat and we got a grand tour of all the posh islands. The return was back up Ocean/Collins to end on Lincoln Road. We wanted more and wanted Ricky to come out with us for the rest of the day's activities. I swore I would do it again!! Well, this past weekend I made it happen. I had family in town--my aunt and uncle and their two kids, 13 and 15--and it was fun for the whole family. We grabbed some beers (for us adults) and some Gatorade for the kids. We had a different guide than I had before, the Disco Diva. Love, love, love her. The only negative about the experience this past Sunday was getting a 6-pack and not a 12-pack!!! My family loved it as much as I did and said "it was worth every penny." I've decided that every out of town guest will have this experience AND if the day comes that I get married and it happens in Miami this will be my rehearsal dinner (now, don't go stealing my idea!!), seriously. How can you beat bringing your own food and drink and a great time for 90 minutes?? I think it is about $950 to charter the duck privately and it holds up to 45 ppl. This touristy gimmick is a sure winner with locals too!
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2008,5/16/2009,620,350,11,11,11>Shoji's sushi is what I call "eye-shutting food". Whenever I come here with my boyfriend, you are likely to see the both of us close our eyes in unison while we shift our heads slightly to the right and slowly chew these delectable sushi rolls .Now, when food makes me do that - that is something more than magical. The sushi is fresher than fresh and they find the most perfect temperature to serve it to you at. This is the type of place where you take first dates (I've been won over) or when you really, really want to convince a sushi-hater to change their spiteful ways.Aside from the delectable food, they have probably the best mojito I've ever tasted in my life (they make it with sake.)If not for the great food and drinks, come for some unusual rolls  - the Churrasco roll is relatively simple but I was pleasantly surprised.SUPER FANTASTIC BONUS - The website (shojisushi.com) has a couple of  recipes. I actually went ahead and followed their sushi rice recipe (which involves making your own rice seasoning) and I try to include it with every dinner that could possibly go well with rice (as a Cuban girl - just about anything ;)).Sweet, sticky goodness. If I need to hate anything about Shoji, it is for the hate they've made me brew for regular rice. My standards have been risen. This is my #1 sushi place. I love you.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,5/15/2009,196,262,10,12,11>I've got only one word to say: Curry Chicken Patty!Ok, so maybe that's three words. It doesn't matter how many words it is, but there is one word to describe them: Awesome.They have more than chicken, but it's the chicken that sets Sonia's apart from the the rest of the patty crowd.Freshness is also another thing that sets them apart; you won't find your patty sitting around getting warmed all day.. Nope, you've got to wait a little while. It's worth the wait. Sonia's has been here for nearly 20 years, has seen many write-ups and has even been seen on some popular food network TV shows.. I'm surprised there was no review on here.Maybe the other Yelpers are trying to keep it a secret?
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,5/14/2009,290,370,5,7,5>We happened to stumble upon this place while taking the back roads to the Aventura Mall. It's a new cafe hidden behind a fairly busy strip mall - but its a gem for those who are into healthier foods. That Cool Cafe offers everything from breakfast items to smoothies, salads, paninis, wraps and more. I was craving a frozen yogurt and decided on their white raspberry flavor. It was very good - not too sweet but with just the right amount of raspberry flavor. They also have fresh fruit toppings (a la SlimYogurt). For a medium size yogurt and two toppings it was around $5 - about what you'd pay at Cold Stone (I think).I definitely plan on coming back to try a few of their other options - especially the smoothies because the closest Jamba Juice is a little too far for my liking.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2009,5/13/2009,355,72,7,11,9>I brought my parents out to this spot again as they're very hard to please and I felt this place was a safe bet.  And was I right.I had made a reservation for 8:30pm on a Saturday night and of course we got there late as Mom took too long.  They were very accommodating and got us a spot only after a few minutes of waiting.  I started things off with a nice Cuvee Sparkling Wine and that was enough to get everyone in the "spirits" (sorry had to take a stab at the pun).Everyone ate to their heart's content as we started with some Bang Bang Shrimp and accompanied it with their famous hot bread and pesto olive oil.  I talked pops into the filet and he dove in.  Thankfully his health is very good despite being of the older crowd.  Mom had the Chilean Sea Bass and loved it.  Sis had the same thing and we were both happy.  So a happy, very full and congratulatory family is what we all were, after all, it was the start of our family.BF is my default local eatery as I've written about in the past, so they'll continue to be on my short list of where to go when you just want a straight forward, predictable, good meal.: )
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,6/13/2011,271,113,19,18,19>Hole In The Wall Pub is the kinda place that you can just be yourself. No wrongs, just right. I'm sure Sam would have no problem if me and my Q showed up in Pj's. So long as we come with an appetite and a thirst, this dude abides. Getting sloppy on weeknights has never been easier. Walk up to the bar, order you a pitcher, grab a table in or out and shit talk the night away. Juke box has some decent tunes from Alt to Country to Hip Hop and all that jazz. Bob your head as you indulge in a death dog or a death burger and tame those flames with a frosty drafty brew. Now... Sam does not carry any craft brews, quelle sad, but you can definitely indulge in domestic and imported drafts. Footloose and fancy free, we'll be rockin' out with our Amber Bocks out. HITW- tasty food, cold brews, friendly peeps all on the cheap!
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,6/12/2011,529,642,19,24,23>HASSLE-FREE BYOB WITH NO CORKAGE FEE. Did that get your attention? It should have. By my own Yelp ratings calculus, simply being a BYOB restaurant earns you 4 stars before I even walk in the door. That score can be adjusted up or down based on food, value, service and ambience.The service is extremely friendly and pleasant, and it's fun sitting outside with a cool ocean breeze, watching Midtown walk by. As for the food, full disclaimer - I'm not a connoisseur of Middle Eastern food, so please don't send me snide messages about how I don't know what I'm talking about, and that So-and-So's House of Falafel in New York City is so much better than this place. I don't want to hear it. With a couple minor exceptions, I'm impressed enough by the food to bump the overall experience to 5 stars. Falafel was probably the main weakness, to my taste. Excellent flavor, for the most part, but up front with every bite there was a buttery taste that didn't quite square with me. That's my only complaint - for the rest of the starters, I thought the foul, grape leaves and baba ghanoush were all outstanding, especially the latter. Smoky eggplant and fresh-tasting tahini on a homemade pita, warm and soft? Delicious. A "party in my mouth," for sure. I have to admit, the idea of Middle Eastern-inspired pizzas sounds vaguely ridiculous. I remember walking by this place a month or so ago, and I didn't think much of it. But it works, it really does. My first Egyptian Pizza experience was that of the Koko, a tasty pizza of spinach, onions, garlic, chicken, feta and olives. Subsequently, I also tried the Giza, a very interesting pizza with feta, marinated lamb, olives, roasted red peppers and served with a cumin dipping sauce. The gamey taste of lamb, in the context of a pizza, was certainly new to me, and I enjoyed it.    Considering the food, value, service, BYOB, and chillwave vibe going on here, for my money this is pretty tough to beat. Did I mention BYOB?
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,6/11/2011,103,159,7,12,8>Yes. Oh yes, pasta! We decided to try this place out just to get away from the usual "Chipotle or Chilis" for dinner conversation and boy were we glad we did. Nestled in between Lime and a yogurt shop, Yes Pasta does not disappoint. You get to pick from a variety of homemade pastas and over 18 sauces to make your plate. I went with the Spaghetti and the carbonera sauce with chicken (an add on for just $2). It was divine. The pasta was cooked to perfection, there was just the right amount of bacon in the sauce giving it that smokey taste and the sauce itself wasn't heavy at all. My sister had the Fettuccine Alfredo which she loved and my boyfriend and best friend both had the Tuna Tartare Salad which they raved and raved about. Apart from pasta, they serve a variety of salads and paninis as well, which I will no doubt try in future visits. You can't go wrong with great, fast service, reasonable prices and a clean setting. Do yourself a favor and say "hell yes" to Yes Pasta.
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,6/10/2011,30,68,6,7,7>Every so often something happens, when for a split second your eyes focus on a vortex and your mind flashes on a hundred memories at once. When I bit into my burger I didn't see Michelle prepping Joey's food or Joey sitting there in her highchair. I quite vividly saw my grandfather and myself standing under Section 'U' of the Orange Bowl, holding an aluminum foil wrapped burger and a cup of fries. Once lucidity returned, there was no obvious correlation between the two meals. The burgers here are fantastic. The more than ample supply of fries that we were given (which I love a home style cut) I enjoyed even more the next day. And unlike the OB, I could go back endlessly to the soda fountains to concoct my potion of Cherry Coke & Mr. Pibb. As a side note, if you Google "hash browns from french fries", the number one hit is a blog post from February 2008. Biscuit Girl, as the columnist calls herself, recounts a trip to Five Guys and her subsequent recipe idea for her leftover "ton" of fries.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,6/9/2011,563,515,17,7,8>An except from the Yelp Bible by the Yelp Reverend.THE VOICEThe Good Lord said, "Follow my  voice into the darkness of the Wynwood district.His faithful disciple, AKA Richard K. followed the voice; just as Moses who had followed the burning bush to receive the Good Lord's plan.The voice led me to the hip and trendy Cafiena lounge.The faithful disciple, Richard K., walked in and saw an awesome setup. Cafiena had a cool, chic inside with an art gallery in the back and an awesome, chill patio for the outside.The Lord, HE read his disciple's  mind and gracefully obliged to play rocking music and give him angelic service at the bar all night long.Richard K was enjoying and sipping his godsend Cafe Con Leche Martini when Richard K. looked over to HE with a look confusion. The disciple asked, " Why such expensive drinks and automatic gratuity"?The Lord smiled and gave a little laugh to his disciple and said, "That is the price of admission to heaven."Richard K. smiled sheepishly and thanked HE for leaving a little piece of heaven on earth.Miami 1: 15-29
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,6/8/2011,1381,665,7,14,12>Dear Palmetto Bay Golf Course,I really had a good time here.  It was a beautiful Friday afternoon, the weather was just perfect, and the sun wasn't blazing too bad, so we decided we would try our hand at mini-golf.  My love also brought his clubs along, for a little driving-range action after the fun, and there is a rack at the front to store them.We went inside the Pro Shop and paid for our round of mini-golf, and then headed to the course.  I didn't realize how large it actually was, because upon first glance I figured there were just a few holes.  However, I was mistaken, as you have a full 18-hole mini-golf course.  Score!  And so, it began.  The afternoon of fun, cursing, lost balls (oops, it went in the water again), and a great time!  The only thing I regretted was not having gone inside to grab a beer first.  But we still made our way through the course, every once in a while catching a glimpse of some other mini-golfers.The holes are fun and challenging and some of them are quite creative.  The landscaping is pretty nice, although I noticed it could really use some TLC.  There were weeds in the planters, and the fountains were all out of order, so each of the ponds looked more like science fair experiments than anything else.  Event he natural lily pads looked like they were housing their share of tadpoles underneath.  However, it was still peaceful and charming.It took us about an hour to complete the course, and I have to admit, we kept a ball as a souvenir.  :)When we finished, my love and I hit the driving range, where I made a complete fool of myself, but had a blast.  By then I had already grabbed myself a beer, so I just drank my insecurities away.  The sun was setting and it was just a perfect way to spend an autumn afternoon.Looking forward to returning to hit some more balls.  Maybe even join the mini-golf league.  I got pretty good by the end!See you soon,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,6/7/2011,365,232,10,14,14>OH-EM-Gigi! THE RESTAURANT I'VE BEEN DREAMING OF! Last night, two friends and I had the most fantastic meal in recent memory. It was di-vine! We started off with a bottle of French Pinot Noir. Like everything on the menu, it was very reasonably priced. It was a perfect accompaniment to the Asian-fusion dishes: a light red, with herbaceous after-notes. Our first course was an avocado and tomato salad. The flavors were super-brightened by the addition of some little slices of orange, and the textures balanced by a sprinkle of crispy rice. Creamy avo, meaty tomato, crunchy rice-- sweet tomato, rich avo, tangy citrus-- such a thoughtful ensemble and an ideal opening for the rest of the show. Next we had some shitake mushrooms, butternut squash, tempura fried eggplant, and grilled baby bok choy. The shrooms were sliced in rounds and grilled until they formed the slightest bit of char. As a vegetarian, when a chef can do this with a grill, it makes me want to kiss him! The mushrooms were like meat, but better than meat. The texture was meaty and the char pulls sweetness to the surface, but the mushrooms' interior flavors are more complex and earthy than any meat's. I've never eaten butternut squash with the skin still on before. It was a textural triumph. The seeds were prepared separately--dried and salted and sprinkled on top. I'm still trying to figure out how the squash was prepared; it almost seemed to have been poached like a pear? Talk about elevating a humble squash! The eggplant was unbelievably light--just a whisper of breading--and served with a scrumptious smokey-spicey-creamy sauce. I wanted more of this, but there were still more plates to try, so on to the next.... BEST BITE OF THE NIGHT: the baton of grilled pineapple perched atop the baby bok choy. ohhhhhhhhhhhhh..... and I don't even LIKE pineapple! It's too sweet and I hate the prickly pulpy thing it has sometimes. But this, this, THIS was something completely different. It was sliced from the very best part of a perfectly ripened pineapple, then (I think) rubbed with chili, and grilled just a second on a super hot grill because it was seared with all the juice still in it. When I bit it, it literally squirted inside my mouth and the chili left me blinking and grinning with surprise and delight. My friends and I took turns watching each other taste it because it was hilarious to watch the expression of the sweet sensation then the spice. And the bok choy was treated as a baby should be: pampered so it stays crisp. We ordered only one main plate: a bowl with duck leg on top of coconut risotto. I tried the risotto and it was exactly as sinfully creamy as one would hope. It wasn't as sweet as I would have imagined, but I'm guessing if you take a bite of crispy duck with it, you get more salt and have stronger sense of the sweetness. For dessert, we ordered some Piper-Heidsieck champagne, a teeny little vanilla ice cream cone and a special dulce de leche. The ice cream was just what I wanted at the end of this meal. One bite was enough because it was so creamy and rich. The vanilla flavor came through perfectly. I was very glad we didn't order more desserts because the dulce de leche was enough for three. It was sprinkled with some chopped strawberries, which aside from being pretty, cut the heaviness of the pudding a bit. I'll savor the memory of this meal for a long, long time. Thank you, Chef McInnis, for conceiving of and executing a dream: an affordable, cool, little place where friends can order a bunch of plates and be blown away by the deliciousness of every bite.
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,6/6/2011,253,182,8,17,8>I must write an update about my Shellac Manicure experiences at Salon Gilbert. My first mani ended up lasting a whopping 18 days! After about 13, the gel polish chipped in a couple of places close to my cuticles, but it was hardly noticeable.I've now had my second Shellac treatment on for a full week. Absolutely no chips except for one on my thumb that was totally my fault - managed to chip it while dragging my hand along the ground (don't ask).Alejandra is, in my opinion, easily of the most talented nail techs to ever work her magic on my fingers. I'm definitely a Salon Gilbert regular! Everyone there is extremely friendly, the salon is SO clean, and they are very flexible - they even opened 30 minutes early for me the day before Thanksgiving because they were booked up in the morning and I *needed* to get my nails done before heading out of town.Love this place and HIGHLY recommend it!
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,6/5/2011,257,180,4,10,8>SO.YUM.!!!!!!!!!!!!This place has been on my radar since I first heard about it 5 weeks ago when it first opened....I finally went.....and I guarantee you that it will not take me 5 weeks to go back.  That's how much I loved it!It actually reminded me of a type of restaurant one would find in San Fan or Seattle and we all know that those two cities are allllllll about the food.  No fluff here.  No sir no bob!The restaurant itself is not too big- and I love that.  The whole place has a casual yet cool vibe to it and the fact that the kitchen is right there open to the dining room is pretty awesome.  One thing I noted is that all the staff from the servers to the chefs were all smiling and, to me, that says a lot about a place!Being the first day of the new year, we got there around 9:45PM and I guess since most people were still in recovery mode and home- we only had about a 10 minute wait....which was okay because we got to go by the bar and try some of their cool beers. *note* you will NOT find your run of the mill beers here.  One of the beers that we tried was a black lager called Shiner that was actually dark in color, but light in taste- who knew?!Once Seated, Emmanuel, our server, was super friendly and knowledgeable and helped guide us through the menu. We had:- Dates avec chorizo- delicious!- Porkbelly with butterscotch glaze on a pumpkin sauce with bokchoy- HEAVEN.-Beef cheek dumplings with some type of mushroom and balsamic glaze- out of control good- Fried chicken thighs- my least favorite thing.  They weren't bad, but compared to everything else- no wow factor here.  The miso mustard that comes with the dish is pretty awesome though.For dessert we tried the soft serve ice cream with brownies and BACON....why not?! I'd never tried a dessert with bacon before and figured this was the place to do it and we did.  Let me tell you- THAT dessert is a party in your mouth.  The sweet the savory the mmmm so good.  Some girls ask for extra sprinkles on their ice-cream....I ask for extra caramelized bacon bits :)I agree with others on here that the portions are small for the price, but pick a few plates and fill up with a  side of beer and you should be okay ;)
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,6/4/2011,620,350,12,6,8>I don't like burgers. I just don't. So when I was dragged to Shake Shack in New York last year, I begrudgingly agreed to try the Shack Burger.Rainbows. Unicorns. Stars in my eyes. A BURGER I LIKE. Hooray, hooray!I don't think I ate another burger until Shake Shack arrived in Miami.I just found the meat to be pretty rich. I'm also very "vanilla", so I was able to dig that this burger was straight up meat-cheese-lettuce-tomato.On the side, I had cheese fries (yummy cheese) and a vanilla shake. I proceeded to dip everything in my shake.At the end of my meal my shake was tainted yellow with cheese and all was OK in the world.Simple done well.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,7/31/2013,91,224,4,9,6>It was a beautiful day to visit the gardens - weather was cold - 50-60s, perfect for me to bust out my coat and boots for the day and walk around with my boo.First things first - if you've never visited - cost of entrance is $25 per person - which is kinda pricy so make the most out of your visit! Also make sure to take the tram tour as it is very informative and can guide you to different sites if you want to go back, also you get more history regarding specific plants and so forth. It also leaves every hour on the hour so get there arond 15 minutes before the next tram so you don't have to wait  for it. The tram tour lasts an hour. Second: beautiful place to take photographs - lots of birds (eating lizards - good riddance), lakes, plants, sculptures from Zimbabwe, art pieces, you name it... even a crocodile (which I personally think it was an alligator but according to the tour guide it was a crocodile).  tomato or tomatoThird : Butterfly garden! There is a specific area where they keep butterflies and these are so beautiful and big. They released some this morning and they just place them on your shoulder and you can watch them open up their wings and reveal the beautiful color inside that is different from the outside. There's also an area where you can see the pupas of future butterflies waiting to be hatched. Fourth - At the glasshouse cafe they have a different band that plays at 1 PM . When I went they were playing Peruvian jazz. Also, the food is amazing. My bf had their tropic soda - Habanero Lime - it would go perfect with some booze :) . Their hot sandwiches were perfect  for the cold weather - we had the turkey melt which comes with cranberry chutney and I got their black ham sandwich that comes with brie and fig marmalade. You can also pack your own lunches to bring into the garden. THere are plenty of benches all over the location Fifth - lots of goodies in the gift shop for family and friends, or just for your personal want.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,7/30/2013,221,253,8,15,10>When I think of Nat's, the only word that comes to mind is "MMMMMMM!!!"I don't need a fine dining experience everytime.  Sometimes, I want to just get my food & go home.  And when that occasion hits, it's Nat's that comes to the rescue!  Nat's is located in a warehouse but don't let looks fool you - there is some serious cooking going on up in here!Down home soul food from your favorite grandmama's kitchen!  You may not even be able to find your ribs, this food will stick to them like glue!  My favorite is their turkey wings, dressing and mac&cheese.  The turkey wings are fork-tender and seasoned to Southern perfection.  Moist & savory dressing (stuffing) with a side of some of the best mac&cheese in the South deliciously complement the meal.Their dinners are massive.  King Kong might even have a hard time getting through them.  You get a meat (usually chicken, oxtails, meatloaf or ribs) and three oversized side orders (their yams are homemade and oh so good without being too sweet; mixed greens of cabbage and collards seasoned with a smoked meat; field peas or okra & tomatoes cooked just like old times; white, yellow or pigeon peas & rice round everything out).  Also included are a corn muffin and the tiniest little piece of cake that is soooo good as an end to the meal!  Mmmm!  Slices of homemade cakes &  pudding are on sale as well.Yes, it's hot as I don't know what in that place but if you go at the right time, you won't be in line for long.  The lines are longest around lunchtime on Saturdays and Sundays.  Just don't even go after 1:00pm on a Sunday.  The line is too crazy long & standing in the sun is not what you want to be doing on a hot day.  And keep your ticket in your hand, btw.  That's how they'll know what dinner you ordered.Other than the food, my favorite thing about Nat's is the price!  I think oxtails are the most expensive thing on the menu & with a price of $13.95, 3 meals out of one plate - it's so worth it!People don't cook like they used to and everybody who says they can cook, may not be able to cook at all.  But if you like soul food, when I tell you Nat's is it?!  Nat's is IT!P.S.  Travis H. and Vicky A. tried to tell me about this place and it took me forever to get there.  I'll never wait so long off good recommendations again!
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,7/29/2013,189,216,6,13,8>Wow.Everything about this place screams 5 stars.The decor is elegant yet modern, the service is attentive but not annoying, and the food is excellent.Both times I've gone I've had the same waiter, and he's been great about making suggestions and helping us work through the food, drink, and wine menus, as well as making sure we never go without anything we might need. What I've tried -Artichoke & Truffle Bruschetta - AMAZING. We could smell the shaved black truffles each time this dish was approaching the table. A really interesting take on bruschetta too.Oven Roasted Octopus - out of this world. Much lighter than the bruschetta, but almost as good.Acquerello Risotto - this is THE entree to try. It's a scallop and corn risotto, which sounds odd, but ended up being a perfect pairing. Also, the 3 scallops on this dish were the biggest I'd ever seen. So juicy and flavorful. Filet of Branzino & Roasted Pear and Cheese Fiocchi - both solid choices.Realistically, having sampled a good portion of the small menu, I'm highly doubtful that anything here will disappoint.I'd say it's a great place to go on a date (which it definitely would be) but realistically if you haven't been you should just get over there ASAP - date or no date.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,7/28/2013,158,324,7,10,9>This is my favorite park!  A few years back it used to be free admission but even with what it charges it's totally worth it.  As the previous parrot jungle location, the trees have been around for a while, so you get this unkempt, slightly wild look to it, instead of the immaculate, mulched and trimmed garden that were planted recently in other parks.  This place, you can stand there, be quiet, and almost feel that you are on an adventure in a wild jungle.  You won't be surprised if there were an elephant starting by the pond, or a jaguar sitting up on a tree.  The foliage manages to keep the shade cool and shaded, so even on the hottest summer day the walk is enjoyable. They have a huge banyan tree that, covering 2/3 acre, is among the largest of its kind.  On the other side of the "jungle" and banyan tree, there is a playground area for kids and a petting zoo. If you are lucky, you also get to see the peacock stunting in the garden.  But you most certainly don't need luck to enjoy yourself here.  Whether you are bringing kids for a fun family day, or just wanting a tranquil walk on your own, you are at the right place.On Sundays there is a farmers market outside the garden.  Over the years it have grown quite a lot and there are many interesting food to try, and great local produce and products to buy - even Florida lobster and Everglades grown rice!Check their website too.  Sometimes they have festivals or performances going on.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,7/27/2013,708,615,5,8,6>Who says you can't have noodles for breakfast? Sure, I may be a diehard Eggs Benedict fan but I decided to step out of my brunch bubble and give Khong a try. Let's just say I did not mind trading in my hollandaise for yellow curry. In the company of one of my favorite dining partners, we decided to split everything. We started with the sausage and egg buns and continued with the Thai French Toast, chicken noodle curry and got spoiled at the end with a chocolate trifle. To sum it up: I wish that I had never ending links of the homemade sausage that was in the buns, it was amazing. The chicken in the curry was so tender and flavorful, and the Thai French toast was sinfully sweet and moist. The trifle was a little too much for me - definitely did not blow me out of the water and I think my sweet tooth was more than appeased with the french toast. The service was fast and attentive and I loved the atmosphere, it was so much more open than I had expected. Sure, it's not going to be the cheapest brunch you've ever had but definitely one of the most delicious and unique around the beach. As a banh mi lover, I know this is one of the few places to find it in Miami so am anxious to try that, as well as their dinner ASAP.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,7/26/2013,9,6,3,5,4>Ayesha's Kitchen is a 100% must for anyone who wants to learn how to prepare Indian food.  Ayesha has the best energy and a wonderfully graceful way of teaching in a manner a - dare I admit publicly - novice cook can understand and feel confident to attempt at home on their own.  She is so kind and her passion for cooking and "teaching" how to cook radiates from her...all smiles!She's health conscious and knows where you can cut some things out or substitute and when you can't.  I'm fortunate to have many of the tools needed, but do not fret if you don't.  By the way Ayesha offers the same authentic essentials I've lugged bag from my trips to India for purchase... and please buy from here because you'll pay way too much anywhere else and basically my point is don't get bamboozled, get it from her for your own sake. These classes are in high demand, so if there is a spot ... sign up!  She keeps the classes small, which helps a great deal in terms of personal attention and ability to ask questions. *** Please note that Ayesha's Kitchen is 100% unaffiliated to any restaurants so please don't be mislead and waste your money. A few people from class shared their very disappointing experiences in both Key Biscayne and a recently opened one in the Kendall/Pinecrest area. ***
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,7/25/2013,113,636,4,9,7>Wow.  Bryan, you are amazing and I apologize for being a good 5 months or so late on posting a Yelp review, but better than never, I suppose.  I recommend Pyke Brothers to anyone and I am glad they were recommended to me by a fellow Yelper.  What a great team!I came by with a chip on my bumper, courtesy of Pronto Wash at Midtown mall, and complained to Bryan about their unwillingness to take responsibility.  He said since my car is a pearl paint, it requires 3 coats of paint and it'd be about $300 to paint the bumper.  I was upset about this, considering they caused the damage, and when he realized that, he decided to offer a small complimentary touch-up.  He said he could not promise that I'd be completely satisfied, but at least it would cover up the grey spot that was bothering me so much, which is better than nothing.  I was very grateful for this and brought my car in the next day.  He had one of his guys touch it up, and within minutes, it was ready.  It wasn't bad, at least the grey spot was gone, although the paint he used was not pearl white (he didn't have pearl white at the time), and instead used the whitest paint they had.  Not perfect, seamless, but a definite improvement.  I thanked him and left.  Once the paint dried, it had a purple tint, but again, you don't look a horse gift in the mouth.  Fast forward to about 3 weeks later, when I got a voicemail from Bryan about my car.  I thought that was odd, considering he had already done the complimentary touch-up he had promised, and I assumed maybe it was an old voicemail and a glitch had made it reappear on my visual voicemail app, plus why keep my number if you already did the work you promised?  When I called back, he asked me if I could bring my car back because he thought the touch-up job was terrible but did not have the paint at the time to do anything about it, but he had just done a Lexus and had some leftover pearl white paint.  That really made a deep impression on me.  Not only the fact he thought of me when he had the paint, but also that he had kept my number and was reaching out to ME to touch up a free repair.  That is definitely unheard of in Miami.  I told him I'd have a hard time getting to work from his shop and he asked where I worked.  When I told him I worked in downtown, he immediately offered me a ride.  What??! Could you possibly impress me more? A free ride to work on top of a 2nd free touch-up.  WOW.  Out of this world.Indeed, Bryan took me to work.  We chatted along the way and he was very knowledgeable about cars, and surprisingly humble.  He had a Ferrari in his shop and said he used to do a lot of Ferraris, but he'd rather work on other cars and he wasn't a name-dropper that had to tell the world about all the Ferraris he had ever worked on.  Other shops would be telling everyone that they work on Lamborghinis and other cars worth bragging about, but not Bryan.  When I got a cab to take me to the shop to pick up my car, I was shocked.  The area his guy had touched up was perfect.  I could not even tell that at one point, there had been a chip.  It was smooth and perfect.  A truly great job...and free!As luck would have it though, a few weeks later, another chip, this time the size of a pea (at least it wasn't as big as the original chip) appeared on the passenger side of my back bumper, courtesy of a typical Miami jerk backing into my car and not having the decency to leave a note.  I'd love to take my car to get the bumper re-painted by Pyke Brothers & Son, but with the Miami jerks, I'd probably end up having to go back within days and spending over $500 at the end of the day, plus I need my car to take my daughter to school and he'd need to keep my car for a few days.  If I do get in a wreck that requires painting/repairing my bumper and the other guy's insurance will cover the repairs and car rental, I will definitely bring it to Bryan.  The quality of his work speaks for itself.  I highly recommend Pyke for body work!
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,7/23/2013,11,63,5,5,5>Just back from watching a friend get a Tattoo. Wait, that just doesn't do it service.Let's restart.  Boris the Artist.  And I don't say that lightly.3 hours on one Tattoo, a large Orchid, with an amazing background, 1/2 back in size. Amazing,  Boris is Freaking Amazing Artist. I have seen God knows how many Tattoos in my life on people, but before my eyes, such Vibrant colors, amazing multiple levels of fine detail and shadings. This art just jumps off my friends back in Amazing Vibrant Details, I was stunned. Some people do water colors, so paint the Mona Lisa.  What amazed me as I saw the two talking about the design, he just visualized it and boom drew it on her back, it happened so fast. I took a picture for my friend to make sure that is what she wanted and she was amazed at the detail he popped out in not time at all. He is an Artist in the purest sense. As I saw all the colors and shading, I found out this world he creates is a Medium that transcends all I knew about Tattoos, the colors and Vivid 'Jump right at you' detail was amazing !The Price was amazingly fair, for this large Art Work only 250$.  Go to other places and for less detail and magic, 300 and up.  Miami Ink, 400 and up. I called it extremely fair for all the time, detail and 2 hours plus he put on this. Art is just that, Unique and worth it. My Tattoo is Next and damn straight I am going to Boris. Look no further, this is where you want to get your Tattoo. scratch that, your 'Artwork' and "Masterpiece' created !Boris, you Rock my new FriendKelly
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,7/22/2013,159,118,14,17,15>What do you get when you mix comic books, anime, cosplay, animation, sci-fi, fantasy, video games, and crazy awesome fans for four days of non-stop insanity?! Florida Supercon!!Blistering heat or not, cosplayers and fanatics from all over flocked to the Miami Airport Convention Center for what has to be the biggest geek convention in Florida. The main exhibition room is huge and was packed with amazing art, writers, actors, vendors, and just so much stuff! Too much stuff and my pockets just aren't deep enough!! There was definitely something for everyone. In most cases it was much more than one something. The east wing had a stage where they were holding panel discussions and Q&A's with some of today's most popular TV shows like the cast of Adventure Time and Kevin Smith from Comic Book Men.The event was so huge that they even had ballrooms at the Double Tree Hotel in use for live music from local bands and an arcade/PC gaming room as well which was open until 3am all four days.It was madness! I had a great time taking pictures with all the cosplayers and even getting stopped a few times myself for pics of my Optimus Prime rendition.What a great way to spend the weekend with friends and to meet others with similar interests. I had so many pleasant conversations with artists and you can really delve into this culture. With everything said, I have attended my first Supercon, survived, and can proudly wear my geek badge!What did you do this weekend?
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,7/21/2013,211,141,10,16,11>It's not in Homestead, but Shiver's BBQ is waaaay down south in Leisure City, just south of Princeton.  It's a family-owned and operated restaurant in an old barn of a building with varnished picnic-table-type seating that you'll share with your new dining friends if it's crowded.The menu has more combinations and size/pricing choices than what is shown on the internet web site, and the order lady at the checkout was very helpful pointing out what I should order.We got spare ribs, brisket and pulled pork, along with several accompaniments and two house BBQ sauces.I first tried the meats naked, with no sauce added.  They all were pretty good, with a nice intermingling of meat, smoke and the house seasonings.  The ribs were excellent, with just the right tenderness.  The whole rack disappeared quickly.  The pulled pork was moist and flavorful, with some nice bits of "bark" to add a bit of crunch and more flavor.  The brisket was good, and maybe a bit dry, but it so often is before the addition of sauce.The sides were a mixed lot.  The cole slaw, while possessed of good flavor, was the kind that seems like it was chopped as fine as can be in a food processor - to the point that it is almost soupy.  Not my favorite.  The corn on the cob was watery, like it had been sitting in hot water half the day.  The baked beans were ok flavorwise, but I was disappointed to find no bits of meat in them.  Now for the good:  The cornbread souffle and the sweet potato souffle.  The first was sort of like an ultra-moist cornbread with corn kernels.  Very good.  The sweet potato souffle was sort of like spiced and sweetened mashed sweet potatos, but with a more coherent texture.  If you like sweet, you'll love them.Two BBQ sauces are offered.  One is a dark brown, and is reminiscent of KC Masterpiece.  Mildly sweet, and slightly smoky.  The other is orange-red, and is very vinegary, with a bit of a sweet/sour thing going on.  It's sort of like some Carolina-style sauces.  I ended up tossing it and using the brown stuff.I like and recommend Shiver's.  It may be too far for everyday eats, but if you're coming back from the Keys or a race in Homestead, stop by, and you won't be disappointed.  Just avoid the cole slaw and corn!
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,9/12/2012,22,189,5,9,7>I get you- I really do. Parking in downtown is a hassle NOBODY wants to deal with. Then, if you have a great pair of heels trying to get out of that parking lot seems downright impossible, and the parking attendant is kind of shady, but if nothing happened to the Benz parked next to you, nothing is going to happen to your rackety "ol'reliable,"  but what did you expect for $4 near the arena?You walk up the steps and follow the instructions on the Yelp site, or your Mapquest, or whatever you use to get around- and walk into this adorable little shop. On the left, one of those horrible eyesore fridges that I really think people should think twice about purchasing, but filled with a great selection of cheeses and cold-cuts to finish off your shopping list for a perfect, romantic evening. On the right, and all along the wall you have in front of you a hand-picked selection of wines at very reasonable prices. Neatly (just how I like it) displayed in their cute little stands.There is definitely something for everyone and if you're lucky enough to attend an event, you will be able to try a few of them. The owner is VERY nice and very friendly, but even better, our very own Wine Goddess, Michelle, is there to guide you though your purchase and recommend only the best. The best thing about this place is that Stefano, the owner wants to transform it into a cultural hub for enthusiasts with poetry, discussion and more events. Can't wait for that to pick up. Cheers!
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,9/11/2012,471,255,6,11,12>:picture me writing this review with a layer of sweet frosting all over my face: WHAT THE HECK??!!!! That was one of the most outrageous cakes I've ever eaten and I don't even like cake or sweets!After inquiring about vegan birthday cakes I got on the phone and dialed Bunnie Cakes. To my surprise, I was able to make an order and pick it up on the same day! (I'm awful about thinking ahead when it comes to these things so its good to know they can cater to my last minute needs) They had already baked for the day so she gave me a list of the flavors which they had the 8" vegan cake on and I decided to go for the vanilla chocolate chip... yes you are reading this correctly; not carrot, not avocado, not alfalfa spouts... vanilla chocolate chip. The warehouse was a bit hard to find, but it turns out Maria had taken it home with her and I was able to pick it up from her residence without a problem. They only accept cash or checks on site, but since I'm a fan of paying with checks, all the better.The entire birthday party, carnivores and skeptics alike, ravaged through that luscious, glorious, spongy, mound of heaven. We all agreed it was one of the best things we'd ever tasted. I've officially been converted, I don't think I'll ever be able to do a normal cake again... and I'm on a mission to make a believer out of anyone who is celebrating birthdays in the near future!
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,9/10/2012,261,422,9,14,8>Where do I start? Well, Margate isn't exactly known for, well anything. It's kind wedged between Coral Springs and Pompano Beach. In fact, the only time I'm in Margate is when I'm driving to either of those cities. But all that is about to change now.Pasta And... gives you the inclination that the missing word could be "more." It's not, this place is all about the pasta and given how amazing theirs is; that's all they need on their menu. This isn't your typical Italian American restaurant. You won't find many fried items on the menu. No fried mozzarella, no fried calamari. You won't even find staples like chicken or eggplant parmigiana.Pasta And... prides themselves on their incredibly fresh handmade pasta. When you taste the first bite you immediately say to yourself, man I was duped all these years. There is such a vast difference between fresh homemade pasta and store-bought or dare I say most kinds you'll find in your average Italian American restaurant.There are 7 different types of pasta you can get and literally over two dozen sauces you can choice from. The two sauces we had were great, but after tasting their cognac (tomato, mozz, cream, butter, cognac and parm) I can't see myself ever ordering anything else. It's the best sauce I have ever tasted in my life. My only regret is that I did not order two plates of the gnocchi but at $19 a pop, it's not easy to pull the trigger.From what it seems, the other pasta dishes are more plentiful where as the gnocchi dish were a little on the smaller side. But I don't regret it one bit, in fact every bite was worth it. Most people will be reluctant to try this place. It's in Margate. It's located in a dismal shopping center and it's right next door to Papa Johns. From the outside it would seem too good to be true, but the moment you walk into this family restaurant you immediately feel like you're in another place.Without being hyperbolic, I can honestly say this place not only has the best pasta I have ever tasted, but the best sauce too. The service was exceptional. The owner/Chef Luigi came out to make sure everything was great as well. They even give you a complimentary limoncello after your meals.  I would recommend making reservations being as they only have 8 tables and they fill up fast.Save room for the tiramisu. It was so good I had to order two of them and I don't even like coffee. I cannot wait to go back.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,9/9/2012,65,119,5,9,6>This is a fantastic place for nails. It's  the first and only salon that has appealed to all my preferences since moving to SoFlo over a year ago. Products: HUGE selection of OPI and Essie including current season special lines. I was surprised how many gellish color options were available: over 35! Services: Nails are their specialty but also offered are waxing and spray tanning. Mani/Pedis combos start at $34 which won't break the bank. Location: Easy access right right of I-95 and Sterling. Plenty of parking and some casual shopping nearby. Cute decor and high ceilings. A very clean, bright space. No lux jet chairs for sanitary purposes but the high Pedicure chairs and box tubs were comfy.   Extra touches: Offered beverage: tea, coffee, wine, beer. Their coffee pot wasn't turned on so they went next door and got me a cappuccino. Very sweet! They're also open until 10pm, love that. Staff: Request veteran, Rachel,  for a TLC experience. I wasn't thrilled about a color choice so she actually mixed two together until I was happy. That goes above and beyond in my book. DON'T forget to tip on full amount of service if using a voucherDO make an appointment. Their phones were ringing off the hookIf it weren't so far from home, this would def become my regular nail spot!
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,9/8/2012,164,73,12,15,14>Bueno. Bonito. Barato.What more could you ask for, for the non Spanish speakers here is what I mean. Bueno/GoodThis place is perfect. Close by my house and rather inexpensive (I'll get to the barato in a sec). The staff is very friendly and courteous. More than anything they remember you. See I'm the girl who always pays in change because I leave my purse at home when I go to the gym. They might not know my "name" but they know me. Also, they make me feel guilty which I like; let's say I don't go for two days they hold me accountable. "Hey girl, I haven't seen you in two days". Then I'm like "Dammit I need to step it up". Bonito/Pretty, Nice, or Beautiful (You choose) Look, for being what it is a community center in Little Havana; this place is spotless. Indoor basketball courts are clean, gym is clean, machines are clean, and the most important of them all the bathrooms are clean. I actually wouldn't mind taking a shower in their locker room. I wasn't grossed out at all. I saw them one weekend clean the gym where the machines are. Whoa, they really cleaned.  I was really surprised. They moved every machine so that they could clean the floor, instead of cleaning around them. They wiped down every machine that was being used. I mean they were getting in the nooks and crannies. I was really glad I watched them clean, it didn't bother me one bit that they did it while I was in the gym. Barato/ Cheap Yes folks compared to 24 hr fitness or LA fitness this place is practically free. You have two options pay $3.00 everytime you go or $100.00 for the year. WHAT???? $100 is what you pay in three months at LA Fitness. You do have to live in Miami which is perfect for me. Senior Citizens pay $1.00 everytime they go or $50.00 a year. Not bad not bad at all. They also have Zumba and Salsa classes every once in a while that you can sign up for those are $10. The Real DealI love this gym but let's be realistic it is in Little Havana. It's important to know that people who live in the Brickell/Little Havana area go to this gym. You can get anything from Doctors to riff raff. I have yet to have an issue myself but a fight did break out while I was at the gym. Funny thing is I had my head phones on and my back was facing the fight. I had noooo idea until one of the girls in the front apologized to me. Then she filled me in, someone was arrested and I missed it. That is the only issue I have heard of. I will continue to go to Jose Marti Gym simply because it is Bueno, Bonito, y Barato.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,9/7/2012,136,366,4,11,9>Hidden gem in South Beach. If you are not looking for it, you are not going to find it.Dinner monday, welcomed by a warm waiter who seated us promptly.He brought us the menu, two mini glasses of complimentary white wine (it's a mini glass but a very nice touch) with tapenade and crostinis.I got the beef, tomato, mushroom and grated cheese crepe. It was good, although I prefer when my crepes are more toasted and crunchy. The salad on the side with mustard grain dressing was nice. The crepe is well-filled with the toppings so it makes it a good portion.My husband got the Otentic Farmer Steak which is a real entrecote like in France. It is served "maitre d'hotel" which means they put some herb butter to spread on top of the steak. Very French, love it! The fries are home made and looked delicious. We asked for some mayo and they brought us some real home made mayo, the best, big plus! The steak is also served with a small side salad.No need for dessert but I couldn't resist the molten chocolate cake. It is actually not the molten chocolate cake with running chocolate inside, but more of a moist warm slice of chocolate cake. It is served warm, moist inside with crunchy edges, topped with chocolate ganache and served with mini scoop of ice cream and whipped cream.Very successful dinner. Low key restaurant but warm staff, delicious food, good prices and real French atmosphere!
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,9/6/2012,98,175,5,6,5>Farm to table dining has reached Ocean Drive! My boyfriend and I had the pleasure of dining at Front Porch for dinner on a Tuesday Night and had a surreally-pleasant dining experience. Before we ordered, we were greeted by the executive chef Todd Webster. While explaining the menu he mentioned he came to Front Porch from Michael's Genuine. I knew I was in for a treat. The food here is G-O-O-D. The menu is deceptively simple, but the ingredients are super fresh and perfectly prepared. I honestly don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu.  The waiter brought bread, a fresh stone ground chibatta style roll, and Chef Todd sent out some complimentary homemade ricotta and fig jam crostinis. Both very good. We decided to avoid choice paralysis and order from the Miami Spice menu, starting with the jerked pork belly and crab cakes. The crab cakes were very good. I liked that there was no mayo in the cakes, just the right amount of breadcrumbs and big chunks of crab over fresh creamed corn -sinfully delicious. The star of the show was the pork belly. I would give the restaurant five stars just because of the pork belly. It was spicy, crunchy and served over coconut rice with plantains. I think our waiter thought I was reenacting a certain scene from "When Harry Met Sally" based on my reaction to that pork belly. Our entrees were the grouper and the fillet skewers. The fillet skewers were very good - bacon wrapped and cooked until tender, not blackened and tough like most "kebabs" end up. The skewers were served with an orzo pasta and tatziki sauce which were also good. My grouper was very good. Simply grilled over a fresh tomato pico de gallo which I could have eaten by the bucketful. The healthy-factor was balanced out by the grouper skin "chicharones" served with my fish. I scooped up some of the pico with the skin and was in heaven once again. Desert was assorted filled doughnuts and a basil panna cotta. Both were very good but my favorite was the panna cotta. It was creamy, not too sweet and came with a shot of lemoncello and super yummy hazelnut biscotti. We were so fortunate to be able to speak with Chef Todd. He has recently taken over as the executive chef and his excitement over this restaurant is contagious. He loves to talk about food and his eyes light up when he talks about recipes and cooking. He is continuing with the farm to table style meals Michael's is known for, changing the menu based on what is in season and using locally sourced produce. When I asked what kind of tomatoes were in the pico and he whipped out his phone and showed me pictures of the tomatoes growing at the farm in homestead! He also let me know a spear fisherman had caught my grouper that morning. I think knowing my grouper was freshly speared made it taste even better. When you visit Front Porch I really hope you have a chance to talk with the new cheff. He is so passionate about his craft and can wow you with all sorts of cool foodie stories. His story is way too cool to go into here, but let's just say he is super fun to talk to and would shine on a show like top chef. He also has some big plans for the restaurant in terms of special events and promotions and  big plans for the menu such as hiring foragers to find local mushrooms and hunters to bring in wild boar for the menu... I am hoping that happens soon. Perhaps some jerked wild-boar belly will end up on the menu?
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,9/5/2012,309,226,11,9,10>Yes, Yes, Yes! It's true - Little Lotus really is as good as you've heard! Went for lunch and left blissfully stuffed and satisfied! Sure it's a pain in the booty to find, but the food is awesome, portions are perfect, and customer service is excellent! Plus 1 free sake with your YELP check-in ... score!Finding the place is tricky since it's in an obscure little strip mall. Luckily, though, I had a failed attempt at eating here last month, searching around like a madwoman on a mission, only to find that the restaurant had been closed for that day! Ugh! Anyhoo, I did the majority of the legwork on that trip, so this time around it was smooth sailing!The Big Mac Roll is a must have - pretty damn messy, but oh-so- good.  After about halfway through the roll (if you would even call it that - it's more like frickin' finger sandwiches), I finally figured out a way to eat it using a combo of my hands and chopsticks - that's some hardcore ninja shiz right there!But seriously, the Big Mac roll was delicious.  It was put together in such a way that when you ate it, all the components in the bite made your tastebuds go nuts.  And it helped that it was drizzled in the perfect amount of eel sauce to give it that lingering sweetness. Besides the Big Mac roll, I'd also suggest the Rock and Crunchy roll.  It's pretty much a shrimp tempura and crab concoction that left us craving nothing!  The only thing that I wasn't crazy about was the crispy bok choy that I had heard so many wonderful things about.  Don't get me wrong - it was good - it was different - but nothing out of this world, in my opinion.  It was actually a bit on the oily side for my taste, but then again, my taste can be a little unconventional sometimes.  Give it a try anyway and decide for yourself!Synopsis on Little Lotus: love the food, love the service, and love the food again! Four stars only because of its hard to find location and because I don't like to give out five stars off the bat! Will definitely make a return visit in the near future to update - I know that fifth star will finally be up!
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,9/4/2012,166,351,6,7,4>Disclaimer - I have only come here for brunch, but it is excellent!The first time, I came with a girlfriend and we sat outside. It was quite a hot and humid day, but with the umbrellas and fans, we were not uncomfortable. It was very lively due to there being a World Cup game on, but the service was still fantastic. I had the buttermilk pancakes and enjoyed every last bite. Sometimes, pancakes in a restaurant can taste like they were made out of cement, but not these! We did opt for the bottomless mimosas and they were quite good, although we limited ourselves to just 2 or 3.When the BF heard "bottomless drinks", he insisted we make a return visit. He was disappointed when I told him that meant the drinks were bottomless, not that one could actually take one's pants off and BE bottomless, but he got over it.We returned several months later with my original dining companion and another friend and sat inside. The room inside is lovely and the music is also good (and not too loud). The waiter was wonderfully friendly and the food was fantastic. I opted for the Angler's omelette (goat cheese, asparagus and mushrooms) and it was delicious. This time, we availed ourselves of the bottomless drinks for HOURS! Waitstaff did not rush us or try to turn the table.... they let us drink ourselves silly with no interference. Also good to note is that the brunch menu has both breakfast AND lunch items.Finally, the price on the bottomless drinks keeps creeping up. I think it was $12 or $15 the first time I went, and $18 the second time. Now it is $25! All in all, a nice experience!
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,9/3/2012,420,662,25,16,16>There are three types of people: those who dig art and know a lot about it, those who dig art and know nothing about it, and those who don't give a mierda either way.I am of the second persuasion.I can sum up my philosophy on the art I like with the wise words of Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart:  "I know it when I see it," (Ok, so he was mostly referring to porn, but the dude had a way with words).The art-educated (IE, the people who know Britto actually isn't Miami's most brilliant citizen) and the art ignorant can walk the streets together, cocktails in hand, Instagram apps poised and ready. The galleries open their doors, showcase their wares and ply Miamians with luscious libations.Since I'm admittedly ignorant when it comes to art, I get to stroll aimlessly and seek out shiny things, bright colors and spinning parts. These I like. And there's always plenty to see. Second Saturday offers art in every medium, form, color and dimension imaginable. And attendees can admire while intoxicated enough to heighten their interest and inflate their sense of understanding. Like most of Miami's cultural events, this is a chance for people to get balls-to-the-wall wasted, all while presumably stimulating their neo cortexes with a little creative contact. Hence the "Dude, I totally get this piece. The guy was torn up over a chick and this blue balloon here represents his balls, since he isn't getting any"  type of analyses happening in every gallery. There's really no downside to an evening under the stars, admiring Miami's most talented. Win win. And for those in the third category mentioned above, there's alcohol. And food trucks. So win win win win.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2008,7/1/2008,904,1293,15,16,15>Expect the unexpected!!  The most surprising part?? If you are lucky enough to run into the owner/curator Naomi Wilzig.  This sweet woman looks more like she is going to bake you a batch of cookies than walk around showing you the 10 foot golden.........well you get the drift.This museum shows erotic art through the ages, and is not for anyone who is a prude.  It is incredibly informative AND kitchy  how fun is that?  It is way too cool to walk around and see all the items. They have a chair from The Clockwork Orange, ancient Japanese art, lots and lots more. There were surprises everywhere you look! I saw men giggling like teenage girls.. Who are we kidding .. YOU KNOW you wanna see...   And by the way after you look, go to the finest Sushi in Miami right across the street (see my review for Toni's Sushi).
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,6/30/2008,587,1627,2,8,5>$20 admission fee may be a sticker shock for some people (but it makes the $30 student annual membership seem like a bargain), but it is worth it in order to explore the immense variety of plants that grows around the world - and most of the plants are growing out in the open here in Miami. Pretty amazing, and well manicured grounds. There were a few wild animals that were possible to spot. The tram ride was informative and helpful especially if you've never been there before. Sam was informative.A CHEAPER ALTERNATIVE: Check Fruit & Spice Park in Homestead. A lot of their plants can also be found here.Their gift shop has a lot of good things.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,6/29/2008,2120,778,8,10,9>You know that girl? That girl who has it all, she's well dressed, well read, well spoken, and well, on top of it all charming and lovable. Yep that girl is also the most difficult person to shop for, fortunately for us in Miami one of those girls, Sara Zamikoff, opened Emporium in Coral Gables.This lifestyle boutique is a much needed blessing offering an array of goodies including femininely chic dresses, accessories, rose petal preserves, and the coolest accessories in town. Best of all though might be the music Sara has playing in the shop and the fact that she is ready to discuss everything from the Danish baby toys she just got in to the latest albums from bands ranging from punk to French pop and even booty music.And when you go to Emporium be sure to say hi to Sara's assistant/greeter/security Maple. And yes this pooch is as sweet as her name suggests.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2008,6/28/2008,2,30,2,5,5>LA's Pinkberry spawned the frozen yogurt trend that's been sweeping the country, and Miami, with our steamy weather, is a natural market for the not-as-sweet stuff.  That Cool Yogurt Place (with that weird name) is better than Pinkberry. There are more, and more interesting flavors available and it's authentically yogurt-y (as opposed to TCBY for example), but less sour. My favorite? It's a toss-up between blackberry and chocolate, but mango's great too. Mix-ins for every mood range from fresh fruit to crushed up Heath bars. Plus it's on the mellow side of South Beach (yes, there is such a thing), and the sidewalk cafe tables are a nice touch.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,6/27/2008,56,29,4,8,5>PRL is a small bar in downtown Hollywood. a small bar with a lot to offer those looking for a place with great beer.the place has a long bar to cozy up to and that is about it (minus one table and a couch towards the front door).  three long shelves display the beers they carry from around the world: belgium, germany, france, south africa, poland, slovakia, england, israel, south american beers, american crafts, plus TONS more.  bottom shelf is the cheaper selections, top shelf obviously top beers/price.always seems to be more men than women in there & always an interesting crowd.  last time i went i met two drunk russians, amazing!///////////////////////////////////happy hour: any two beers on the bottom shelf for $5.daily special: 2 for $5/$6/$7's.  just look for the small white dry erase board behind the few beers they have on tap to see what the current deals are.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2008,6/26/2008,100,447,6,5,7>Only locals seem to know about this place.  Whenever I bring people there, the locals ask, "How did you hear about this place?" and my friends point to me.  I love going here with some people or even alone.  The banter back and forth with the employees at the bar is entertainment enough.  Plus you get to watch them cook and multitask (and sometimes get a little hot oil from the fryer in their eye).  It's all good, though.The buffalo shrimp is delicious.  So are the clams - raw or steamed.  Sometimes the steamed clams can have  too much sand though - it's the luck of the draw.  They've got raw oysters too.  And the snow crab is steamed up just right.The employees are constantly shucking clams and oysters.  Just beware - they also feel strongly about their sports teams.  The Boston transplants are all about the Boston teams, of course, and the Islanders are about the local teams.  They will trash talk if provoked, or even if you're wearing a sports jersey.  Just when you feel outnumbered, the guy next to you will nudge you and whisper, "I'm with you, I love your team too."  It's all in fun, though.The owner, btw, loves to say goodbye to his customers with a "See you tomorrow!"  =)[See community.livejournal.co… for some pictures of the food I took at Tark's.]
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2008,6/24/2008,155,1328,,2,4>Cool place for post-dinner drinks and people-watching on Ocean Drive. Sure the drinks are overpriced but they had lively Latin/Cuban music and performers to provide the full Miami South Beach experience.Bottom line: Good live entertainment on the Ocean Drive strip while you people-watch and suck down those expensive drinks.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,6/23/2008,32,84,3,4,4>Afraid I have to disagree with the previous reviewer.  I had a lovely lunching experience today.  I had a tuna pasta dish and my friend had the eggplant parm.  Perhaps I simply convinced myself that the food HAD to be delicious in such a gorgeous bohemian setting, but I think there was more to it than that.  Everything tasted fresh and simple.Portions may be a bit small, but the inclusion of bread and salad rounds out the meal.  Plus, I didn't find the prices to be outrageous - nothing more than $11.   For a short time, I felt as though I had somehow beamed out of downtown Miami to some exotic locale.  I will definitely be escaping again soon.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,6/22/2008,26,45,,6,3>Cacao is an outstanding restaurant in the middle of the largely textbook Gables dining district.  It's sleek and modern in decor, service is attentive but not overbearing, helpful, and deferential.This restaurant did everything right that Caffe Abbracci (see one of my other reviews) did wrong.  A corvina ceviche appetizer was nicely citric and tart, and contrasted by a more basic guacamole and thin, thin, light chips.  I'm not used to eating entire appetizer plates, but this one justified the effort.Braised veal cheeks were fall-apart tender, not fatty, and not oversauced.  Vegetable sides were perfunctory, but fresh and artfully presented on the plate.  We didn't order dessert, which may have been a mistake, given the restaurant's name.  Prices are completely reasonable given the high quality of food and service.What makes this review kind of funny is that I intended to take my out-of-town friend to City Cellar on Miracle Mile, which apparently recently closed.  Really glad we came here and not to another cookie-cutter Gables joint.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2008,6/21/2008,10,87,3,3,4>A really great surprise on  Lincoln Rd.  Mmmm tasty homemade raviolis, specials, meat dishes. The menu and specials are really inventive. No joke - they put together ingredients in a really fresh and unusual way. And the results are delicious.This set of cute / crazy Italians runs the place - they all shout and gesticulate and kiss each other and it's all very charming.
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2009,1/14/2010,142,214,7,6,7>I had been driving past Dogma for a while before I decided to stop in and have some lunch. I was getting my car washed next door at Karma Car Wash, and strolled over to Dogma. They have a single walk up window and a little patio for sitting. The girl working there was really nice. I ordered a Cali Dog, with a regular beef hot dog (you can get Veggie or Turkey too!, for the healthy peeps out there) The Cali came with Avocado, bacon, sour cream and a vinaigrette. I also ordered some fries and a drink. Total came to about $7, the hot dogs ranged from $3 to $5, depending on toppings.Within five minutes my food was ready. Right before I go to eat it I took a picture with my phone, so I could upload it. And the girl sitting behind me says "Do you want me to take a picture of you eating it?" I said "Oh no thanks. This is for when I yelp this place!" she replied "Oh my god! I wanna work for yelp!" I spouted off a list of reason why YELP rules, and then proceeded to dig into my dog! It was delicious. I want to go back already! It did start to rain while I was eating so me and the other patrons took shelter underneath the umbrella until the storm passed. Check out Dogma and spend an afternoon in the MiMo district, it is a cool little part of town.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2009,1/13/2010,314,746,9,15,12>I shipped some things from out of state to Miami & had a good experience on the Miami end. Here's what you do if you need stuff (furniture from out of town). Go on the website and request an estimate. They bring you a cube, you load it up call the shipping place, they call you when it gets to the destination and set up a delivery time. These people came early in their 4 hour window (it was 2-6 and they came at 2:30). They will hold it 2 days for free, so you can work it into your schedule. You have 3 days to unload. Call the warehouse when you're done and they take the cube away. The delivery guy did a great job and fit the cube in my ity-bity beach parking spot and they removed it promptly the next day.This is a great way to move stuff long distance if you don't want to deal with driving a U-haul. The price rental is cheaper & you don't have to pay for gas or pick it up and drop it off a some random location. I would use this service again! The Miami people were all great, timely and on top of things!
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,1/12/2010,26,45,5,9,8>Duncan Quinn is a cool men's shop in Design District.  Other Yelp people already talked about the space and its buildout; I'll talk about the clothes and service.The DQ style aesthetic is English edgy young man, with a general aura of rocker.  This means that they purport to use quality fabrics and classical construction techniques, but with modern cuts, colors, and styles.  The cut at DQ isn't neo-skinny, nor is it totally structured.  Jacket shoulders are fully roped and very accentuated.  Lapels stretch to traditional width, or even a bit wider.  Sizing is a bit generous; I usually wear a 38, but I'm a 36 here.  English spread collars, relatively long points.  Wide and thick neckties, meant for creating fat full-Windsor knots.  I can't speak for the trousers since I didn't try a pair on, and I can't speak for the t-shirts since I'm fundamentally opposed to the idea of a "cool" t-shirt.The guys who work here are generally polished, patient, knowledgeable, and stylish.  They'll answer your questions, and they'll educate you about the aesthetic; they may even try to recommend a hip dinner spot or discuss gentlemanly pursuits like chasing women or driving cars.The place did win me over - I bought a jacket - but I'll reserve final judgment on the quality of the piece until I see how well it holds up to regular wear.  I'd like to see a wider selection of garments here, since the DQ style is pretty cool, and it would be interesting to see how it extends to other pieces.It's not really Miami insofar as it dresses up rather than dresses down, and I think that's their point.  But I wonder for how long something that's so obviously not Miami is going to last in Miami.  A long time, I hope.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,1/11/2010,25,75,9,14,6>Getting my hair cut in Miami has mostly been a frustrating experience for me.  It's not like I have a ton of hair on top of my head or have to get it styled in some ridiculous Robert Pattinson-like manner.  No, the problem has generally been  two-fold:  1.  It's hard to find a hair-cutter in Dade that speaks English well enough that I can communicate the relatively simple manner in which I want my hair done 2. When I find a barber that I can communicate with and who does it right the first time, they get progressively lazier on subsequent visits ending with me vowing to never see that stylist again after yet another rushed, poorly-done haircut.  (And I usually tip between 15 and 20% on my haircuts.)This place solved my 2 dilemmas.  They have a friendly, English-fluent staff, and I've always been happy with the haircuts I've gotten there.  Like the title says, it's a "luxury" barbershop.  The waiting room is equipped with a leather couch, satellite TV, an internet workstation, a coffee-maker, and more male-oriented reading material like Sports Illustrated and Newsweek.  Haircuts are done in private rooms with nice, soft leather barber chairs with built-in massagers, and every stylist I've had there has always taken their time to make sure the job is done right.  For a guy's haircut, it's a little on the pricey side, but you definitely get your money's worth.  Even though it bills itself as a men's barbershop, it isn't just a hair-cutting place but more of a full-service salon.  They also offer manicures, pedicures, massages, coloring, etc.   Sometimes, when I want to treat myself, I'll get a haircut and a scalp/neck massage and leave there feeling like a million bucks.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2009,1/10/2010,106,279,6,10,7>I've eaten here so often that I came to update my review today only to find out I haven't written one yet - oh goodness!Whenever my husband and I come we often share, usually a papa a la huancaina and a lomo saltado. Last time I came to dinner with him I asked for a a grilled fish that was just delicious and very juicy. I recently came for lunch with great company who were far more adventurous than I'd ever been ordering Peruvian food, so I had the opportunity to taste three new and amazing dishes that will now certainly become part of my "usuals". Adventurous food: - We started with Ceviche - that was good, but pretty normal when compared to others; wish it came with more sweet potatoes. - The second plate that was brought out was Jalea (note sure if I'm speling it right, so just pronounce it in Spanish and you got it). I guess you can say this is like ceviche, it had all the ingredients Ceviche has, the only difference is that everything except the onions was fried - oh my god! Why would anyone ever eat fried chicken when they can have Peruvian Jalea - yum! - That was followed by Choros a la Chalaca, a recommendation from the waitress, right on! Pretty much like the ceviche, but it came with mussels, onions, corn and the expected lemon juice, all served in the shell. - We finished our extended lunch with Picarones - three big and skinny doughnuts, drenched in melted brown sugar, the perfect ending to a great meal.The service is hit or miss here. Not always the great, and for the most part rather slow. But the food is good, so when in great company the service is easy to overlook. A plus - it's open pretty late. We've walked in at times just before 10 p.m. and they're still serving. It's usually fairly empty, although during lunch it gets pretty packed. Now if only they had causa and aji de gallina... hmm - I can only wish (and pray they read my review and start offering them! - jeje)
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2009,1/9/2010,471,255,18,17,18>Sex. This place just oozes sexy, anytime, anyone, anywhere, it  doesn't matter, tall, short, old, young, skinny, thick, nerdy, yuppie, hipster, trendy, all become rock stars the minute they walk through the elusive door, where a dude with chucks and a band tee will welcome you to Bardot instead of asking for your ID and money.  They don't even have a sign! I'm not going to lie, at first I thought they were a tad pretentious when I found out I wasn't  allowed to take pictures inside, but once I got my first drink (thanks to the Pisco Bus) and sat down in one of the swanky, fur covered, couches, I realized why they want to keep it a secret. Pool tables, comfy couches, low light, great art, and an entire music set up smack in the middle of the room, baby grand included, that invites you to come up and showcase your skills. If they were alive today, I could totally picture Janis and Jimmy hanging out here. The service could use a little revamping but the place just opened so I'll cut them some slack. I don't know what it was that we were drinking, but ask for the drink with mint and honey that comes in a copper mug (no joke).... hhhmm addicting elixir that will have you swaying to the sounds of remixed Led Zeppelin, The Doors, and co. til dawn.  I was there the other night when Todd Jameson (renowned Nue stylist) was DJing and my effing god was that one of the sickest sets I've heard in a long long time. I was so taken by the groovy tunes that I couldn't resist myself, went up to him,  and promised to visit his studio soon so he could work the same magic he was currently displaying on the turn tables on my head. I cant wait to check it out when they play live music. I don't think I've felt that sexy in a long time. I love this place so much that even though I've spent 12 hours+ in front of a computer screen today,  I had to get this review out of my system before calling it a weekend. Yessss!!
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,1/8/2010,151,175,12,12,12>Not only is this place extremely laid back and serve Stella and Yuengling on draft,  but they show every UFC fight! Need I write more? The place is a little out of the way and it's comical walking into this American Legion location looking for a drink. I can't help but think as I walk in - is this how bad I'm trying to avoid paying 9 bucks for a beer?You enter this large hall area and you're met with a lot of people that just want to drink and hang out.  There are a few screens up and on this night they were showing the UFC fight. We ordered chicken nachos and fries. I ordered a Stella and as it's served in a plastic cup I smile and reminded yourself of the price. The chicken nachos come out and they are Tostitos served on a toaster oven tray covered in aluminum foil. The salsa served with is Pace Picante, but what do I care? I have the munchies and so do my drinking buddies. The fries taste great and we don't have a care in the world. There's plenty of seating along the bar and along the wall. After some drinks and munchies I go outside to explore.There's a large  cannon outside on the grass facing the water. Sweet! How many watering holes in Miami can say they have one of those bad boys? As you stumble out of this place, you can catch up on some history if you can get your eyes to focus.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,1/7/2010,115,143,3,12,7>Typically Nicaraguan food is found in Fritangas, this is a more traditional Nicaraguan Restaurant that brings class to the genre. Normally I think places that automatically include tip are able to slack on service, but this is the sort of restaurant that you will receive the same level of professionalism each and every time you go. That is what makes this restaurant so special, the people that serve you are there to do just that make sure that your dinning experience is as good as can be. As for the food, it's always top quality and cooked to perfection. Living in Miami you learn a lot about Cuban cuisine, Nicaraguan food is less greasy and more about complementing acids and base foods. The rice & beans, gallo pinto, is best paired with a vinegar "chilero" which is a mix of pickled carrots and other vegetables. Their steak, both churrasco & the carne asada were both exceptional, & even better when topped with some chimichuri. For desert I had a tres leches, it was so good. Located in a modest strip mall, this is a diamond in the rough. Such a comforting feeling to eat here.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2009,1/6/2010,141,170,5,7,7>I had come to terms with the idea that Miami is no Chicago or New York when it comes to pizza... and it's true that there isn't really anything quite like those cities' classic pies. But Andiamo is MIAMI'S best. I love toppings -- and that's what Andiamo's got. Lots and lots of exotic, delicious, fresh toppings! The crust is also AMAZING and the bread sticks make my mouth water. The tomato sauce is perfectly tangy and the Greek salad -- oh, the Greek salad. They have the best Greek salad I have ever eaten! I get it every time and could go just for that! They have pre-made combinations of different toppings (my favorites are the ratatouille and the brooklyn -yum!). But you can also pick and choose what you want. I don't know how else to say it -- you have to TASTE it! I like to go on Sunday afternoons because you get a cool crowd but it doesn't get crowd-ed. The atmosphere is so neat -- it's an old  gas station with a car wash attached. There are fans everywhere so it's never too hot and all the tables are outside so you can eat in the great weather Miami (generally) has to offer.My only qualms lie with the desert menu and the inconsistency in service. I really really wish they would spruce up their deserts. I asked them if they could warm up the cookie I ordered and they said no. That was kind of disappointing... But I honestly don't go for the desert. The service also leaves something to be desired sometimes. However, we have had some extra fantastic service from time to time, so I guess it depends on who you have. All in all, despite my small gripes, I give them 5 stars because their pizza is just unbeatable. I live in Doral and will generally forgo one of the many pizza places in my 5 minute vicinity for the 20 minute drive to pizza paradise.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,1/5/2010,31,161,7,12,12>This place has the potential to be the go-to restaurant on the Beach for that ultimate Miami experience.I'm still dreaming of my meal at OLA, famed chef Douglas Rodriguez's Latin fusion place on the beach. So, when I found out he was opening a new, Cuban-themed place  - and giving free mojitos with every entree (December only; call for details) - we had no choice but to take our out of town guests here.Located in the busy area of 10th and Washington, the Astor Hotel oozes a cool sophistication and the courtyard dining area is intimate and gorgeous. Seating is divided between chairs and funky sofas, with the latter probably not too comfortable for eating a meal (maybe you can just have drinks and tapas out there?). The service, as Brandon B. noted, was good, but a little overbearing. After savoring the delectable mojitos ($35 for a pitcher; it serves about 5 drinks - great deal!), we bypassed the waiter's tapas suggestions and ordered our entrees. He seemed to want us to order the tapas though, which made for an awkward moment or two. He wound up leaving the menu in case we changed our mind (?).The entrees arrived and they matched OLA in quality and bested OLA in quantity and value! The Arroz Imperial was a mound of rice mixed with richly flavored crabmeat, topped with two perfectly seared pieces of tuna. It tasted like nothing else I've had before and the cracked pepper I requested (another awkward moment) brought out the tuna's taste even more. The side of black beans (oddly served in a divided server plate) was unnecessary and felt tacked on.The piece de resistance no doubt was the dessert: "smoky chocolate cigar," an ice cream-esque dish shaped like a cigar served in a cigar box and served smoking! With an edible matchbook! Yes, it's gimmicky, but thankfully delicious and an "only in Miami" thing one must try.Our meal ended in another awkward moment: the host came over and asked what we thought of the food and then gave a speech about us deserving the food because "you are the best!" (?). I'm not sure what that was about, but after a few tweaks, I cannot imagine going anywhere else to eat and feel the best of everything Miami has to offer.
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,5/13/2010,122,89,8,9,10>I have never been into country music at all, but we got free passes, so of course we had to check it out.    I never knew how much fun that it could be.  It seriously is a whole other world.  Nothing like your typical South Florida club.We walked in and it was a sight to see.  Tons of couples on the dance floor doing their twirls everywhere.  Tons of boots and cowboy hats.  If you didn't come prepared with your hat, no worried, they do have some for sale for about $60.  It was a Friday and it was ladies night.  Which meant, free booze for the ladies at their own private bar.  My friendly little bald bartender was quick at handing those drinks out to all the thirsty ladies.  For the guys out there,  the drinks were pretty cheap, so you won't have to dig too far in your pockets to get a few beers.I would love to come back.  It was nice to be dressed relax and not have to be worried if a bouncer is not going to let you in if you're not dressed to par.  It is more of a jeans and t-shirt type of deal, or you can even dress it up if you'd like.
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,5/12/2010,749,521,15,15,14>The worst part of this festival was not being there the same day as Greshka...because after reading each others reviews last year we kinda said we would do it this year together but life being life that didn't happen so I say to thee Greshka..."Next Year Milady"!!! If you love to imagine, if you have a jolly soul, if you dream of drama then this is the festival for you. I couldn't imagine missing out on this once a year event. You have it all here. It's where Disney meets Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and any Pirate movie you have ever seen. It's where reality meets halfway insanity. Its just a bloody good day out for EVERYONE - and yet again it was one of the BEST days out I have had all year. We walked through the gates and came immediately face to face with the King and Queen who were just finishing their parade through the village. Such pomp and circumstance!!!! Us lowly citizens were totally honored to have caught such a grand moment. Making our way through the village we were at once titillated and entranced by the sights that were to be be seen. My baby...eyes agog and jaw to his knees - immediate sensory overload. Ahhh....prithee tell me..is that a tavern yonder? Why yes!! Magners Cider at $6 a pop. Why YES!! I think I willeth partake in a wee dram or two!! Hello fair maiden with two front teeth missing and dressed in colorful ribbons. You look like your a good match for my honorable Knight Sir Pete. Hello there buxom wench with boobs about a mile out in front....whither did ye purchase yon corset of fabulousness? Ooooh at Ye Olde Corset Shoppe..of which there are a few here in our village!! Nice rack BTW. "Mom...I'm hungry". Okey dokey then....turkey legs (so you can get in character like King Henry and his ilk) hummus platter? gyros? french fries,hot dogs, sammiches, popcorn, fried snickers bars (OMG MOM THEY GOT OUR CAT), fried oreos, I can't remember it all...so much food and a lot of choices at not too bad prices. Beautiful wares to behold in the shoppes - kilts, pottery, awesome awesome handmade journals, handmade from leather and cotton paper, to DIE for silver jewelry, crystals, and FINALLY my son get his ocarina he has been wanting since last year and saving up for (and drove me nutzo on the drive home). Beautiful period style costume dresses, fairy wings, devil's horns, swords, maces...anything Renaissance you can get here. Favorite spot for my kids this year was the blacksmiths forge and the cannon and catapult display. The jousting was super packed so we missed it this year (booo). I love how they get in character here and remain so. At the blacksmiths forge they took the time to explain to the kids what they were doing and what each thing the used did (bellows, fire, bucket of water etc. ) And nearby a lady was prepping the dinner in an iron pot...chicken with rosemary and lemon...while here two little girls in costume were chasing each other through ropes. (man I'm sure that chicken would have tasted awesome when it was done). A couple of rides on the medieval chair-o-planes (man powered) and a quick wander through the village again and it was time to head home as sunset was fast approaching and for us at least, it was time to hang up the fairy wings, swords and turkey legs....until next year.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,5/11/2010,534,839,4,11,7>You know you're in Miami when there are misters every so many feet to help you beat the heat.Wow have they made some improvements since the last time I'd been here!The amazon section is my favorite. And the play area in front of the Amazon entrance. My daughter LOVED the fountains coming out of the ground and what better way to beat the midday heat then to strip her down and let her get wet.The aviary was also a highlight, as was the huge inflatable slide and other rides (like a carousel) that were next to it.I have an annual membership so its free for me (and you should look into too.)But if you're paying it is around $15 for adults, $10 for kids and under 3 is free. That is more then reasonable, that is down right cheap.There is just so much to see that with a littlin', it will take a few days to do. If you can afford it, the family bikes are the way to go.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,5/10/2010,126,91,10,9,11>Why review a street? When it becomes more than a street. In one of the most auto-centric cities in the country, Venetian is the red haired bastard child, offering one of the most scenic views, traffic free, and pedestrian/ biking friendly streets in all of Miami.  I absolutely enjoy riding my bike here.  "Hey Doc, better pull back. You don't have enough change for the toll.""Tolls?"*flip down my Oakley sunglasses * "Where we're going, we don't need tolls."(+50 Yelp points if you know where this reference comes from. But it's just like Who's Line is it Anyway? Where the points don't mean anything) If you don't live on the causeway you pay a $1.50 toll on the west end. Bikes have their own lane that they can continue on without paying.  Marked bike lanes and low driving speed limit make the causeway safe for cyclist and joggers to pass on through.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,5/9/2010,944,946,7,14,8>I can't believe I've never written a review of Joe's Stone Crab until this very moment.  Joe's is a Miami Beach institution.  Everyone needs to experience the real thing (i.e., not Joe's Take Away) at least once in their lives.If you've never had stone crabs before, Joe's is definitely a great place to try them for the first time, as you know they'll be incredibly fresh, cracked perfectly for your picking needs, and served with as much of that addictive Joe's Mustard Sauce as you'd like.  It's really just a great place to get stone crabs in general, newbie or not.  (If you want drawn butter with your stone crabs, just ask - they'd be happy to provide it).  I'd recommend the select or large size, as you'll get a good amount of claw meat, but with out the outrageous price tag of the jumbos.For you non-shellfish eaters out there, the ginger salmon is delectable, and HUGE.  The chopped tenderloin (which, with a price tag of $5.95, is shocking) is really just 2 burger patties, but tasty nonetheless.  I've heard great things about Joe's fried chicken, though I've never tried it myself (also $5.95).The sides and the key lime pie are definitely worth indulging.  Be sure not to miss the hash browns - crispy and golden brown on the outside, buttery potato goodness on the inside.  The grilled tomatoes, which come topped with spinach and melted cheese are another favorite.  The creamed spinach is also pretty good, but it could use some more cream, in my opinion.The mussels appetizer is broth-sipping good.  You will want to ask for more bread to sop it all up!  The oysters on the half-shell are delicious, and the wedge salad is top-notch.I've been to Joe's a lot in the 6+ years I've lived in Miami (yes, I'm very fortunate), but my most recent visit was the very first time I ever got their famous key lime pie.  Oh my, was it delicious!  The perfect balance of tart and sweet, with a delicious graham cracker crust.  I could've eaten a whole piece by myself, but luckily I had 3 trusty companions to save me from those extra calories.Service is mostly impeccable, as waiters, bussers, and assorted maitre'ds outfitted in tuxedos will have you believe.  Be warned though, you pay for the experience, especially if you're indulging in stone crabs.  Expect to pay about $50 a person, including a drink or two, if not more.Some tips for avoiding a 3-hour wait for a table, as no reservations are taken: come for lunch (they're not open for lunch on Mondays, by the by), or come as close to when they open as you can manage.  Otherwise steel your liver, and enjoy imbing your favorite bevarage as you wait for your party's name to be called.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,5/8/2010,83,129,4,6,7>Came here for lunch on a Saturday and was decently impressed.Seated right away. Our server Rachel was very nice and polite. Sweet tea was on point. Potato wedges appetizer was very delish, followed by my pulled pork sandwich which i thoroughly enjoyed to the last bite. The potato wedges are smoke't mixed up versions of potato skins and cheese fries. Its a stack of potato wedges covered in cheese bacon sour cream and chives. Potatoes were crispy, cheese was melty, and the only downside i found was i thought the wedges needed to be salted. I enjoyed the pulled pork but it just wish it had some more sauce on it,. The sandwich came with coleslaw and I LOVED the coleslaw. Their coleslaw had caraway seeds in it which normally would be an automatic no go for me but some how it didnt even bother me. ate mine and stole my friends. The sandwich also came with fries and i enjoyed those too with some of the bbq sauce mixed with a little honey ( the sauce was not as sweet as i like it) Service was a bit slow but we didn't mind that day. We were looking for a very relaxed slow afternoon so it worked in the end. Sauce up the pork, and make service a little faster, and we'll have a winner.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2010,5/7/2010,290,370,6,12,9>A La Folie is an all around cute French cafe, perfect for people watching on Espanola Way. Food: The french onion soup was delicious. But then again, how can one dislike anything topped with a slab of melted and bubbling cheese? (Lactose intolerant people need not apply) The brie, smoked salmon and mushrooms crepe had my name written all over it. The texture of the crepe was soft, fluffy, and cooked perfectly and  was deliciously salty and cheesy. Win win. My boyfriend ordered a crepe with chicken and dijon, very tasty. The sauce used as a filling was tangy and a nice compliment to the chicken. Unfortunately I didn't get to have one of the dessert crepes because even though the portions aren't huge, I was full.Service: Our waiter blew us off a couple times by not checking in to see if we needed refills (which we did). Though he was giving a nearby table all the attention which led me to believe they were regulars since they were getting quite the service. But how do they expect people to want to come back if the service is sub-par? Also, the wait for our food was a lot longer than expected, but everything is made fresh and the kitchen appears to be super tiny. So just don't expect to be able to eat and run.
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,5/6/2010,163,84,4,9,7>I love BBQ.  I really do.  Sometimes on a Saturday I may even drive up to Fort Lauderdale for some ribs and brisket.  So to my delight, I ran into the 'Ribs2Go' food stand one time on my way down NE 2nd Avenue one afternoon.  Considering I've been exploring more of these mobile options for lunch lately, I figured I'd give this a go. So the man has St. Louis style ribs, brisket (sometimes) and chicken. I really enjoy the ribs and at 12 dollars for a half rack and 20 dollars for a full rack its a pretty damn good deal.  It's recommended you call ahead and make sure what you want is in stock and is ready to be picked up. I even received a courtesy call on Sunday to let me know where he would be located.  The ribs themselves are tasty and juicy, but the secret is in the sauce.  He says they call it gold sauce, but I think it's just good. It's also served with slices of white bread to pick up the said sauce.  Mmm mmm good!  This is a cash only establishment and may change location, so your best bet is to give the man a call and find out where he's at today.  I hope you all give the man a chance and check out what's cookin' on the side of the street.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,5/5/2010,274,769,6,10,9>So on Eve's ROTD recommendation, I decided to give Whisk another shot. Am I glad I did! I ordered the "Big Friday Blue Smoke" burger with the home fries and as is the norm with me, plenty of customizations. (I nixed the Dijon mustard, and asked that they switch the gorgonzola cheese for cheddar.) They accomodated, which already earns them one star! I asked for the burger well done, but it had a little bit of pink in the center. No matter, as I think it brought an extra juiciness to the patty. The caramelized onions had that requisite semi-sweet taste and the bacon tasted a good fried juiciness. I'm in love with their house fries. Words don't do it justice.The key lime pie earned Whisk a spot on my Just Desserts list. The tartiness of the pie mixed perfectly with the whipped cream and raspberries to make it a perfect Friday lunch.What pushed Whisk over the top to 5 star heaven? I called my order in but as usual with a pesky thing called deadlines, it was almost an hour until I got to pick it up. They were kind enough to reheat it. This amount of customer service is something a lot of places should learn!
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2009,5/4/2010,269,332,13,12,12>I felt dirty and and cheap as we drove down the somewhat dark and isolated road to Tom's...pulled into the parking lot of some airport motel place, even dirtier. Walking through the 'lobby' area...I just went "oh gawd"...Then I saw the magic door: Tom's NFL Sports Bar in a simple placate. I walked in to a pink-haired rocker chick ROCKING the mic. Ain't no amateur karaoke night! The place was buzzing around the bar area, couple tables were filled with some groups of late 20s, 30 somethings..there were these 2 grand-daddy who put us all to shame with their strong, deep vocals! Supportive crowd...they clap patronizingly when my group went up for a foursome duet, it was our warm-up! :)Grab a book of songs from the DJ area with the song request slips, peruse through the hundreds of pages and pick that song you sing in the shower or in the care or when you are alone, come up with a creative nickname and slip the DJ some bills as you submit your request! Feel free to break out into dance, rap or ad-lib when you are performing! :) Drink a shot prior to walking up there...or simply bring your beer with you for the instrumental breaksBernie, the KTV DJ guy was kind, patient, and tolerant of us. He himself sang a couple songs, to relieve other bar patrons from our voices. Towards the end of the night where it was just 6 patrons (my group of 4 and 2 other ladies)...the waiter/bar staff joined in for a couple rock ballads!We were pretty much the last people to leave the bar that night...will probably happen the next time we go, which will be real soon! Till then, I will practice my "Bohemia Rhapsody" in the privacy of my shower, drinking in some water as I sing into my shower head!Tip-bits: Tip Bernie, the KTV DJ guyWomen's bathroom to the backMen's bathroom closer to the entranceWed night- bar closes at 3am, KTV is done at 2amTonnes of TV screens to distract you should the music "not suit your taste"Cheap beer buckets - 5 Miller Lites for $14?? Great deal!Thousands of songs in the book, there are even songs from musicals!Updated song list (September 2009) was available - That made me go from "Yay, I'm a fan" to "WOOOOHHOOOOOOO!" :))
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,10/14/2010,141,170,3,9,7>I usually go here on the open mic night on Tuesdays. I recommend everyone to check it out! It's a motley crew of performers and a lot of them are REALLY impressive. It's such a supportive audience, so if you are a performer, perform! Everyone is so nice and great!I went on a Saturday and I really liked the variety of the different rooms. The drinks are well-priced and the bathroom -- OH THE BATHROOM! It's so nice and clean and pretty! That's right... a bar/club with a NICE BATHROOM! It's not the end all be all of my experience there, but it definitely helped push my rating up!My only real gripe is the parking... prepare to spend $10 just to keep your car safe.
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,10/13/2010,331,340,4,8,6>This may be my new favorite place. We found it by accident  one night when I was supposed to go rollerskating next door. I saw their ad in that little 6"x6" Ft lauderdale mag thats always laying around my restaurant. There is no sign for it. It looks like its just a tattoo place next to a skating rink. There is parking in back. We met Brian, who was the bartender. He kept feeding me cookies, (A+ move right there!) He is super knowledgeable when it comes to beers and flavor profiles, which I have to say, was rather nice. Ive only been on Tuesdays so far, but they have a DJ spinning old Skool hip hop, thats not too loud so you can actually have a convo. So far,everyone Ive brought here, LOVES it. Its not your typical Ft. Lauderdale or even Miami crowd. Just cool peeps, with cool ink, hangin out being cool. I may make this my every Tuesday night gig.
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2009,10/12/2010,534,839,2,13,10>I have been to several events here and they have all been nice.Some were public, like this past Sunday's IN THE PARK WITH ART.culture-council.orgSome were private events inside one of the conference rooms. (A very nice casino night to raise money for charity).This whole place used to be the Burger King Corp Complex. Now there is plenty of office space for rent and that means more professional services located near me. I like that. You can also do birthdays, weddings, conferences... they have such different and so many spaces you can do almost anything here.I also like the free parking and shuttle services when there are big events going on around the corner at the Deering Estate. Seafood Festival anyone?I don't know how the village of Palmetto Bay ended up with this building, but it seems like a good deal to me.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2009,10/11/2010,100,69,5,8,6>Let me start off by saying... I have been to the Front Porch several times.. but hadn't recently for one big reason... the long line. My friends and I decided to go today for brunch. I didn't expect there to be a line because it was Friday. For those who don't know there is no list to put your name on. You basically stand in a line on Ocean Drive and wait party by party to get your table. During the summer... this can be brutal. Today the weather was great.. and there was only one group in front of us.Now to the food -- which is in my opinion always pretty good. I usually go for an omelette. Today i had mine with bacon, goat cheese and tomatoes. You can get the omelettes with either potatoes, tomatoes or fresh fruit. I ordered  the potatoes -- and they are delicious. A very big serving which only compliments your very big omelette. It also comes with toast. They have a full bar which is great for brunch -- bloody marys, mimosas, etc. The service is usually pretty good.. as is the people watching. You can sit outdoors or indoors. I recommend outdoors if the weather is nice. I highly recommend the Front Porch.. but be prepared to wait on a weekend.Oh one other thing.. i noticed in the menu they no longer do separate checks or accept American Express... something to keep in mind.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,10/10/2010,144,73,7,9,7>So I came here for Miami Spice. I won't lie, this place intimidated me quite a bit. I always saw patrons outside dressed in their best shiny cocktail dresses, men wearing suits and sports cars galore picking up patrons at the valet. So I figured I should suck it up, be on my best behavior and just do it! Every time I pass by this place on my way home it is slamming! Great music and people having a great time eating outside.Mind you, when I did go I was a bit um... under dressed? Baggy over sized shirt, skinny jeans and my chucks. I just got out of work! I had an excuse. So I braved it and went in with my boyfriend. Let me just say how wrong I was. This place looks super fancy, but it's really down to earth.The staff were incredibly informative and recommended so much. The waiter was practically my guide for the evening. He chose some great food and yummy cocktails for me. I told him that I hate tequila and that I'm not a fan of vodka. He insisted that I try the pisco nuevo and the strawberry daiquiri. The firstone contains Gran Sierpe Pisco, St. Germain, lychee, orange, and lychee syrup. Yum yum yum! It was refreshing and light and just want I needed. The daiquiri was not as impressive but none the less it was pretty damn good. It was Charbay Tahitian vanilla rum, fresh strawberry, lime juice, some type of simple syrup. They shake it up really hard and it gets foamy! How did this guy get in my head! (insert meme here)For the first course, I had the Pan con Tomate which is a simple ciabatta, fresh diced tomatoes and L'Estornell which is a sherry wine vinegar. Then I had the shrimp tiradito. I wasn't so pleased with that, but I still enjoyed it. The prawns felt a bit rubbery and hard. Not sure if that is how it's suppose to be seeing as I had never had prawns before this.Second course was bacon wrapped dates which were great for me, but my date found it to be too sweet and he has a sweet tooth the size of this country. We also had the Patatas Bravas which were Potato Skins, Huancaina, Crispy Jamón. Patatas Bravas means "angry potatoes" and hell, they were! For me it was spicy. Not like "feels good" kind of spicy, but "Im going to make you pay for that" kind of spicy.  Don't take my word for it though. I suck at metering spice levels. Moving along, we then had Galbi Pinchos. Those were pretty damn good. They're Korean short ribs. The slaw it came with was yummy too! Finally our last second course dish came by which was Roasted Bone Marrow with brisket on top of it. Yuck! Well, don't get me wrong it was all good until I got to the marrow part. I always try everything once and that was the last time I'm having marrow. It was fatty of course. Im sure it would have been great had I not been suck a dork about how gooey it was. The brisket part of it was awesome. Finally for our last course, my favorite part of any meal, dessert. I cant remember what my boyfriend had for dessert because i was too in love with my flan. It was the most amazing flan I've had since Mercaditos flan. Unforgettable. I can't wait to go back. I wish I had normal job hours so I can see what this happy hour is all about! I tipped the waiter 30% because he was just amazing. He really deserved it.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2010,10/9/2010,529,642,8,11,11>This standby is a South Dade golf institution. One of the better reasonably-priced municipal courses in Miami-Dade, this 18-hole layout offers a solid challenge without beating you up too badly. If you like par-5s, this isn't your course - as a par-70 layout, there are only two 5s, #1 and #9. The rest of the course is basically an array of par-4s with a few 3s sprinkled in.Courses with a bunch of par-4s tend to be very same-y, in my opinion, but Palmetto's holes offer enough design quirks to make them interesting. Some of the shorter holes actually play much longer than you would expect, as they often have a strategically-placed canal that forces the golfer to lay up short of the water. And, some of the longer holes play right into the teeth of the prevailing wind. For most weekend golfers, 415 yard par-4s are difficult enough, but when you have to play them into a 20mph sea-breeze, you're really up against it. There are a few doglegs, and nearly every green is well-guarded by sand traps, so bring your sand wedge. This is often frustrating for me, as I like to play more of a bump-and-run game around the greens. With this course, you can't really do that, because of the sand and fluffy grass typically found ringing the greens. No, you have to be comfortable finessing short irons, flopping the ball up high and landing it soft. Still, the course is fair. Most of the holes are wide open, meaning you can dig in the tee box with your driver and grip-it-and-rip-it without worrying about slicing your Titleist into someone's windshield or living room picture window. Palmetto always had a pretty nice little bar area where one could indulge in a post-round beer or two, but now, the bar area has turned into an outpost of the Sports Grill - now you can enjoy wings, burgers, etc., along with a cozy sports bar atmosphere, after a round.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,10/7/2010,154,154,5,11,9>[This review is written for the ones that would see a $75 a person brunch as a treat and not as a standard breakfast (you lucky few ones ...)]Back to the Biltmore for Sunday brunch and I have to say that at this time it is my favorite spot for this occasion.Sure the possibility of rainfall makes the central courtyard a little fun place to be, but as long as the weather is fine, this is such a lovely place to just sit and people watch. They have increased the number of umbrellas, so there is plenty of shade, yet enough view to appreciate the outdoors.As for the food, where to begin? Desert. The inside desert section is absolutely amazing. If you treat yourself to brunch here, make sure to leave room for desert, or start with it. The chocolate fountain looks impressive and certainly is a nice treat, but my favorite is the homemade marshmallow (lavender... amazing!!!) so is the sugar free chocolate mousse. At the buffet style stations on the outside you will find sushi (few selections, but excellent quality), plenty of seafood including fresh chucked oysters as well as fresh made salads and select cold cuts/cheeses.There is a dim sum station as well as custom egg and pasta station; traditional breakfast servings, including my favorite Eggs Benedict (with some spectacular garlic undertones in the hollandaise). And finally a full meal serving with full roast meats and fish (lamb shank, prime rib, etc.)The Biltmore has it all and I sure hope that they can sort out their challenges with the City and remain one of the amazing Sunday institutions... PS: make it a day and hang out at the pool bar afterwards... if you have any space left for anything...
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,10/6/2010,620,350,8,7,8>Warning: This review is written by a huge fan of Italian food and carbs.Fratelli Milano was my choice restaurant for a birthday dinner. I was really nervous since I was taking my very food-conservative and opinionated parents.Long story short - you make my mom happy, you make everyone happy. This isn't a big fancy restaurant. From the outside it looks a little hole-in-the-wallish, but once inside you realize that this is what a typical European restaurant looks like. Small yet homey.As far as the food -- everyone in my party was extremely content with their meal. We had an assortment of pasta dishes which were all savory in ways I could not imagine. I consider myself a spaghetti connoisseur, and I can safely say that Fratelli Milano's menu was off-the-charts awesome. The wine was great. The Tiramisu was great. Even their plain vanilla ice cream was amazing. They just do simple things right.The other real star here is the service. Our server was incredibly funny, attentive and welcoming. Overall, perfect experience.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2009,10/5/2010,100,59,6,8,10>Cheese Course is absolutely a delight. Amazing array of hearty sandwiches and salads of the highest quality ingredients with a wide variety of options. The place is adorable and the people visiting were all absolutely beautiful (it looked like a photoshoot was going on).The market itself is great full of jams, spreads, honey, olives, cornichons and more from all over the world. You can try most of this which is clever as things are a bit pricey but well worth the quality and flavors.    As of this post, they still didn't have their liquor license but I can't wait to pair their cheese platters (check out my pics) with some vino affordably price at $8/$9/$10. Cheese Course has been in Weston for 6 years and is now more than welcome in Miami with more locations coming soon -- Mizner Park and Gulfstream.The Cheese Course makes me sad when I think of what lactose intolerant people are missing out on.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2010,10/4/2010,25,56,5,6,9>Oh Shing Wang, how I love you.I have become a loyal patron of this restaurant and it's beginning to feel like a second home. The owners are so nice as well as her sister.I have discovered a new guilty pleasure here! SLUSH ICE! You probably will want to ask for this "lightly sweetened" as opposed to regular sweetening. My husbands favorite is the passion fruit and mine is the tangy sweet virgin strawberry daiquiri. It is literally like a cross between a smoothie and a slushie (and you can get it with tapioca pearls!). I can't help but get excited when I speak of it.The BBQ mock pork is very good, as is the mushroom ball soup in terms of new appetizers I've explored.If you'd like a new entree the smokin' duck (vegetarian) is really good, it has a wonderful smokey flavor to it with a perfect crispy outside and delectable plum sauce to dip it in. A must have!
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,6/20/2014,166,351,5,12,9>I am almost hesitant to blow the lid on this fabulous restaurant, but from the other reviews and the packed room last night, it seems the cat is out of the bag already, so here goes....We arrived at 8pm with a reservation and were warmly greetly by the owner / manager and shown to our table. Waters, menus and the wine list were brought immediately. The  wine list had a modest mark up and the menu was extensive, filled with classic Italian standbys and also some unique items.After we ordered, a basket of fresh bread, a bowl of marinated tomatoes and a plate with a wedge of exiquisite Paremsan and grapes were brought. I had the Insalate Specchio, which featured mild arugula, celery, shaved Pamesan and artichoke hearts. It was crispy and fresh and came "undressed"; 2 types of olive oil, balsamic vinegar and their house vinaigrette were offered. I opted for the vinaigrette and it was all tangy dijon-y deliciousness.I next had the squid ink pasta with spicy shrimp. What more can I say; it was totally delicous. Briney, spicy, perfectly al dente. My companions had the lasagna and the rigatoni Norma; plates were left clean, so I can only assume they enjoyed their meals as much as I enjoyed mine.While we were waiting for the check, a complementary wedge of ricotta cheesecake was brought; nice touch! We never felt rushed at all; the pace at which the food came out was perfect and we were able to chat for a bit after paying without feeling like we had to get out of there. When we left, the owner / manager even helped us with our coats! I truly felt like guest in someone's home. A wonderful experience!
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,6/19/2014,328,239,9,16,13>For the crowd that was calling out "shots" upon entering a craft beer bar, this is it. The Mighty has a huge collection of spirits... and shots. No longer will that crowd go unsatisfied.The Mighty has the biggest collection of international hipsters. They blend in nicely with the Wynwood crowd, and the rest of the world. It is a nice, pumped up crowd at The Mighty. Definitively a place to check out for eye candy. The Mighty has several seating areas, a large bar and a pool table towards the back. Different groups form around, but there is a flow that keeps everyone entertained, for lack of a better word. The bar is a full bar, and they have a good selection of craft beers. I specially enjoy that they have a sour beer on tap (Duchesse de Bourgogne).Then, there is also food at The Mighty. Good sausages, some very refined ones if I may say so. Sausages could be served on a bun also. There are also good trays of charcuterie. The Mighty is like a neighborhood bar. Large selection of liquors, nice beers on tap, nice beers in bottles. Then nice quick food, like sausages, burgers, sandwiches, even salads. But above all, good beer.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,6/18/2014,48,16,7,15,10>I was recommend by my boyfriend's dad to eat at this place.  I have been here about 3 times. This place is very authentic and it serves Northern Chinese cuisine. It is unlike most Chinese restaurant in S. Fl that serves mainly Cantonese style dishes.  The first time I came here, it was with a very big group, and we literally ordered what seemed like the whole entire menu. All the dishes are very flavorful and different from what i normally have. You know a Chinese restaurant is authentic and tasty, when you see it filled with Asians. The authentic Chinese menu is written in Chinese, so if you don't can't read it, it's best to look over at the neighboring tables and see what appeals to you, or ask the waiter/waitress for their recommendation. They also have a American-Chinese menu that is written in English for those who are unwilling or not really to try real authentic food.  The service there is decent, the restaurant is pretty small,so if you come with a big group, it's best to let them know ahead of time. The group of people that i went with, expected everybody to speak somewhat perfect English. So, before coming here, you must understand that majority of the workers do not speak perfect English, therefore, you must be patient and understanding. I absolutely fell in love with one dish. Their beef noodle soup is different from what i normally have, and their noodles are awesome. its not the thick cut flat noodles, but instead it looks like Chinese lasagna  looking noodles. The texture is chewy of the noodles allows it to absorb the flavorful soup.  Plus, the noodle dish was only $7!!I also had this dish that looks like stir fry chinese bacon, with black bean sauce. It was delicious and spicy. ***If you cannot handle spicy food, you should let them know, because their level of spicy is not your average tabasco sauce, but rather pure hot oil from fresh hot peppers. ***
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,6/17/2014,36,84,2,9,5>In my opinion, this has been the most consistent and most delicious restaurant in Miami for about 8 years or so. Michael Schwartz changed the game for food in Miami and Michael's genuine is the nucleus. It appears to me that those that are less impressed are those searching for over the top dishes with foie and shaved black truffles. You won't really find that here, but you don't need to. What you will find are the most fresh ingredients that Miami has to offer; perfectly paired simplicity. Other restaurants still have capresse or burrata on the menu, when Michael is bringing out stracciatela. (not the gelato flavor). I love this restaurant so much that I also believe they take the cake for best brunch in Miami. I dream (and salivate) about the duck confit hash. And don't get me started on the Michael's genuine lunch bell. The biggest indecision I have in life, is which meal to choose... But it will always be at Michaels genuine. You must make a reservation. They are on open table and if you want to sit inside, you should request that as well. The reservations are reasonable, as are the prices. The servers are nice people that don't urge you to order the most expensive items. Overall, it's a relaxing and wonderful atmosphere. If you haven't been, you really should.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,6/16/2014,261,30,13,19,15>I woke up this morning thinking about last nights meal. is that weird? yesterday was the second day in a row we ate at adrianne's. the location isn't in a miami hot spot with a cool view or takes pride in being a be-seen haunt with a celebrity fueled clientele. the star of the show is the food. and it will have you coming back again and again, & again (!!!)both the amalfi caprese and vineyard salad were delicious. i had the brown sugar crusted salmon under a bed of warm spinach and rustic potatoes in addicting garlicly sweet chili aioli and my brother ordered the new zealand lamb rack in a merlot demi glaze. it was beautifully presented and just... melted. in. your. mouth. after eating like no tomorrow, we slip into a food coma; you know that lazy feeling after a big meal where you just wanna fall asleep and unbutton your skinny jeans? lol fmlyou'd think at this point we'd skip on dessert like normal people. but no, not us. our server vanessa, recommended the tiramisu with heath bar pieces which was my choice as well but as always, my brother disagreed so we did what anyone in that situation would have done... rock, paper, scissor he won.let me tell you, i'm glad he did. this key lime pie was perfect. not too sweet or tart. we tore it up. i should've been embarrassed, but i wasnt.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,6/15/2014,587,1627,6,13,7>This is a true baklavaci, or baklavaria, should we translate it to Miami Spanglish - meaning a baklava shop. But apparently, this is a Turkish baklava shop - and one that markets goods from one of the most respected baklavaci in Turkey since the brand Gulluoglu is everywhere inside and it mentions that the brand goes back to 1871.As for the baklavas, they have a wider variety than most other Middle-Eastern establishments in Miami - and making sure that they don't make too many to minimize waste and keeping their stock fresh.I'm also a fan of their sweet and fruity Turkish delights, which was something new to me. They're akin to fruity blocks of gummies and are just plain delicious being filled with nuts and real fruit flavors.They also sell the cream-stuffed shabiyet pastries. And some other sweet and savory pastries, sandwiches, salads, cakes, teas/coffees (Panther Coffee), and even breakfast - you'll just have to peruse their menu to understand what more this place can offer.Great place to unwind, since they do also have a few games people can play inside. Just don't mind the interior that may at times appear sterile.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/14/2014,212,89,8,14,10>You hear of delicious restaurants all over miami... Midtown, Downtown, Brickell... but this little gem is hidden away in sweetwater right across the street from my office (lucky me!). Naturally, I stumbled on it on yelp while searching for a lunch place.  I was skeptical but gave it a try.  This has become my favorite burger spot in Miami and have been so many times I've lost count.  They're so creative with their menu and execute every item perfectly.  They also have an amazing craft beer selection.Of the items I've tried, my favorites have been:Croqueta Burger-- 1/2 pound certified angus beef topped with american cheese, 2 homemade croquettes (delicious ones at that) and a fried egg.  The best part is it is served on a toasted cuban bun with bocadito paste.  All of the flavors combine perfectly and I can't decide if I'm eating breakfast (my favorite meal of the day) or lunch.  Croissant Burger-- 50% angus beef & 50% sausage patty  topped with scrambled egg (noticing a breakfast trend yet?), american cheese, hash brown cakes.  Served on a butter toasted croissant with cajun ranch sauce.  Again, all of the flavors complement each other perfectly.  It makes me sad that there are items (like the Croissant burger) that are a limited "chalk board special" and I can't have it any time I want.  But things like that are what add to the reasons of why I love this place.  They're constantly adding to the menu and trying new combinations.They also have a variety of specialty fries.  I always order the truffle fries because they're so amazing.    For those of you that don't like burgers, they also make delicious chicken sandwiches.  I'd recommend this place to anyone!
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,6/13/2014,23,24,5,8,6>This is my FAVORITE juice bar in all of MIA.  Wheatgrass juice is difficult to find in MIA, nonetheless in a restaurant so I initially just popped in on the way home from my favorite beach to get some wg juice to go.  While I waited, I perused the juice and smoothie menu and found some combinations that sounded divine so I decided to sit down for juice.  Next thing I knew, I was ordering one of the many, many, many healthy meal options on their extensive menu.I am a gluten-free, organic, whole-foods-aholic and Miami Juice is the best place in MIA to find super healthy, totally delicious food, juice and smoothies.  I am now a regular here.  The owner sees me come in and he always greets me.  If I am waiting on a to-go order he brings me a bowl of yummy fruit to snack on while I wait.  I wish I could tell you my favorite thing to order, but the real bottom line is, I've never had anything here that I wouldn't order again.  This is a mandatory stop if you are a healthy eater in MIA!(The only reason this is not a five star review, is that I am a working single mom and, although I realize quality costs money, this is not a cheap restaurant.....Totally worth it, don't get me wrong, but if it was a bit cheaper, I would be over there all the time.)
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,6/12/2014,125,105,4,9,6>Made reservations for brunch and glad I did because the restaurant was packed, maybe because of Easter Sunday but I've read other reviewers mention reservations are a good idea regardless. On to the food. We were a party of 4 and we wanted to try almost everything on the menu so we ordered almost all of it and shared it. For starters we chose the bk hashbrowns and the candied bacon. Candied bacon was amazing as expected, the bk hashbrowns were nothing special, they tasted like their name. Then we chose the chicken and waffles, calentado, carbonara eggs benedict, pork belly and eggs, cap n crunch pancakes and the Cuban bread torrejas. Winners: carbonara eggs Benedict and the cap n crunch pancakes. The benedict plate brings three Texas toasts with bacon, egg, and an amazing cheese sauce on top. The pancakes come as a stack of four that are thin, moist, and covered by condensed milk. The batter of the pancakes had actual ground up cap'n crunch which explains why they are so moist! The calentado for me and chicken and waffles come in as a close second. The calentado is moros, platanitos, lechon, fried eggs and chimichurri on top (you'd think the chef is Cuban but we asked and he's argentinean raised in Miami) it was really good and full of flavor. The chicken and waffles come with a maple sauce on the bottom (I kind of wish the maple sauce would also come in a little thing on the side to pour over the waffles) and bacon on top. The pork belly and eggs were also good but not OMG amazing. I think we were too full when the torrejas came out so I won't give an opinion on them. Only thing I would say is that I felt the plates were brought out really fast, like really really fast, we weren't done with one and two were already coming, it felt a little rushed but overall really delicious food at pretty reasonable prices. Definitely make that reservation and try this place out.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,6/11/2014,79,152,3,5,5>We were celebrating my husband Bday.The ambiance of this whole building is really nice. You almost feel like you are somewhere in Europe. The decor is modern and nice.We were seated promptly on the second floor dining room. Very upscale. Our waitress was friendly and immediately wished my husband a Happy birthday. Nice touch!. The restaurant was pretty empty but as soon as we sat down people started coming in and it got really crowded.Our waitress was super friendly and recommended a few dishes. Whenever we asked for the ingredients on something she was quick to answer and very knowledgeable of the menu.We ordered some cocktails that were good but decided to change and ordered a bottle of wine. The sommelier comes to your table and can help you pick one if you want to.The food:Portions are tapas style and meant to share, which i always prefer because you get to try different things. The portions here are not really small, so a nice surprise.We ordered the tuna tartare, short ribs, avocado salad, risotto, escolar fish and i forget what else but everything we tried was delicious.The chef really makes your palate explode with different flavors and textures. yummy.We also had 2 desserts but i did not try my hubbies. Mine was the passion fruit souffle which was good but not great.At the end of the meal the place was jam packed, which i guess is a good sign!.Prices are expensive, but thought worth every penny and every calorie.Definitely full after such a meal, we moved to the lounge on the third floor. You can also eat here as there are tables. The bar is beautiful, good music, great ambiance. Met some friends there and had some drinks and had a great time.I really liked this place and what a nice addition to the beach. A place where you can come and enjoy a great meal and lounge around with your friends and grab some cocktails without leaving the place.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,4/28/2013,201,122,6,9,6>I've been to Dr. Limon twice already and I would definitely come back here many more times.The first time I came here, I was with my boyfriend. We ordered the pitcher of the Sangria Laboratorio which is this blend of red wine, white wine and champagne with fruit chunks in it and they add dry ice for this cool "science experiment" effect. The pitcher runs you about $28 and definitely gives you 2-3 glasses for 2 people. They give you a glass of this really citrusy, salty liquid which I guess is served to cleanse your palate. I thought that was neat. There are several different types of ceviche on the menu so we asked our server what he recommended and he recommended a sampler for us. We decided to take his advice. I honestly can't remember which ceviches came with our platter but they were all delicious! One of them tasted like your regular ceviche, one had an orange sauce and the other had a yellow, spicy sauce. The sampler was definitely enough food for two.The second time I came here, I came with 2 other people. We also ordered the sangria because I had been satisfied with it from the previous visit. We ordered a ceviche and jalea combo platter and a plate of lomo saltado for everyone to share. It was a LOT of food and we finished it all, but only because we're fatties and were starving. It was more than enough food for 3 people. The ceviche was just perfect! The jalea was amazing too especially when you dip it in the ceviche's juice. And the lomo saltado, wow. Just wow! The meat was so tender and well cooked. The flavors were spot on. My Peruvian friend was very impressed with this meal.The place overall is pretty small. The tables are kind of close together so there's not much room to move around. It's very clean though, all the tables are kept clean and swept. The servers I've had here have been very attentive and informative and very familiar with the menu. They were great at making recommendations for us. I really like this restaurant and look forward to coming back for a third visit very soon!
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,4/27/2013,27,30,3,13,3>Hip new tavern downtown! I was impressed the minute I walked in the door. This isn't your typical local, dark-cave dive bar. Oh no, none of that here. This place is sleek and sexy, yet in a low key casual kind of way. This is the kind of place I can see becoming a regular at (I've already been here 3 times THIS week!). Tired of the boring beer selection at your local joint?  Get this, they have over 16 selections of craft beer on tap and a whole lot more by bottle. Yum! Also, it's a great spot to catch the Heat game. They have an impressive setup of huge plasma tv's everywhere. You really feel like your at the game--minus the fat lady in the row behind you screaming in your ear. Needless to say, my boyfriend is now also a Biscayne Tavern fan. Now on to the meat and potatoes, the food. One word: AH-MAZING. I don't even know where to begin! The apps are freakin incredible. The crispy gulf shrimp and housemade potato chips with blue cheese fondue are two definite must-have's. For my food, I opted for the Seared Tuna burger on the suggestion of the server, and I was so glad I heeded his suggestion. It was absolutely delish! They use sushi grade tuna and sear it to perfection. In fact, it was so yummy that the very next day that I came back for lunch with my mom, I ordered it, again! The bf had some kind of short rib pot roast which was also very, very good. His dish came with this warm truffle popover, which I obsessed over so much that the server kindly brought me one of my own. I am still dreamin about this damn popover. Life-changing experience. Ok, so I might be being a tad dramatic, but you get my point. Service is great, food is excellent, and atmosphere is sexy. All this within walking distance from my condo. Heaven! The restaurant is located in the hotel on the corner of 2nd and Biscayne (across from CVS). The hotel is still under renovation so don't freak when you see scaffolds on the exterior. Trust me, once you walk into this tavern you will want to roll up your sleeves, sit back, order a beer, eat some gourmet food  and stay for a while.
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,4/26/2013,57,185,6,8,5>The wings are freaking delicious here! You get 10 wings for under $7 and to get the platter with a side and a drink just add another $2.50. They have an enormous selection of sauces. I asked the cashier for his recommendation, and I was glad I did, the Sweet and Sour sauce is delicious. Best wings I've had in Miami, probably best I've had ever. The shop is clean and well designed with a pseudo-industrial look with corrugated alluminim similar to Chipotle's style. There are two flat screen TV's too. Parking is plentiful and free too. I'm a transplant from DC who happens to live near Overtown now. From what I gathered from locals, they say to stay away from the area, and most of what I've seen Overtown is not pretty, abandoned parks and buildings with little business. This is one of those historically Black neighborhoods that once thrived but is now blighted with little business and commerce. House of Wings from what I see is a locally owned business, so stop by for lunch and support Overtown's revival.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,4/25/2013,620,350,8,8,7>"Sit tight as we take you on a journey through Thailand..." These are the magical words I was pleased to hear when we were seated at our table.The second you step foot in the restaurant, you're immediately transported to another place. No, you're not in the depths of South Beach. No, you didn't just get raped by an overly expensive parking meter. No. You must be somewhere else. The environment is warm and inviting, rustic and dark. And once you grab hold of a menu - the transformation is nearly complete.Booze:As a big fan of gin, I was pleasantly surprised to learn that most of the cocktails on the menu are gin-based. We tried a few cocktails and they ranged from "wow. well. that was a kick." to "this is the sweet, sweet nectar of the gods." They obviously have more appropriate names.Food:Eating at Khong is like collecting Pokemon cards... if no shitty Pokemon existed. I must come back and add more menu items to my collection. Everything looks great. My #1 pick is the Burmese noodle wraps. In fact, if it were appropriate to buy a case of these to go, I would have. Sounds like it's a Yelp favorite overall.My #2 pick was the Sai Ua - homemade pork sausage. A little spice, and full of flavor.And those were just some starters. For entrees, I can only tell you to follow your gut. I'm personally a big fan of the noodle dishes.Dessert: We tried a couple of different desserts - all very good including the gelato and ice cream. There was one in particular that stood out. I don't remember the name as my Cuban self could only refer to it as a The Flan from Thailand. Deliciously tart, yet flan-like in texture. The Thai donuts won't be the type you fondly remember from other restaurants, so skip unless you want to try something a tad bit different than what you're used to.Service:Outta hand! The cocktails kept flowing, the food kept coming, and the whole staff definitely know what they're talking about when describing the dishes and answering any of our questions. These new friends I met in Thailand are great!The sum of all parts created an amazing, transformative experience. The only disappointing part was the Midnight in Paris moment felt after stepping onto the streets of South Beach after our meal.
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,4/24/2013,69,269,2,5,3>Bentley's seems to be straight out of the 80's.  It's the opposite of an airy, open place.  You could plunk the bar down into an NYC basement and it'd fit in just fine.  That said, I liked the bar.  The owner of the joint was running the bar...he's an interesting character, has had the place for over 20 years, and from what I can tell not a whole hell of a lot has changed.  It's worth sitting at the bar and chatting for a bit.  I showed up here specifically for happy hour.  Happy hour runs 4-7 EVERY DAY (see website).  They have $.75 gulf oysters, and the owner took a lot of time stressing that they're very fresh, large, and he takes pride in them.  They were true to his word.  We also got calamari, which was a bit of a flop (needed salt in the seasoning) but the tomato sauce was decent.  Although I didn't try the wings here, everyone else was, and they are HUGE.  They look more like drumsticks than wings, and are breaded so if that's not your style you may not love them. The regular menu is pretty spendy, but I believe the owner when he says everything is fresh.  If seafood is what you're after, and you're likely on vacation looking to spend money anyways, it could be worth a shot.  Just don't come expecting lots of light and a great view, but if you're coming to eat I think you'll be good to go.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,4/23/2013,343,219,5,6,4>Recently got a proposition for a 19 foot sailboat with cabin for a very cheap price. I went to Liquid surf because they do specialize in all watercraft and having purchased two kayaks from them in the past it was only the right thing to do. I spoke to Danielle she is very experienced in sailing since she herself owns a couple of boats. Daniella was very knowledgeable and was able to guide me in the right directions. Because of her now I know a little more of what to look for before i purchase the boat tomorrow. Now i can actually see and point out faults and advantages. The store has many kayaks , paddle boards and surfing equipment along with accessories. everything is very organized, their bigger boats and catamarans are not for display because of their size but they are ordered from the the store and delivered there too. You always get top notch from the best brands and Danielle is an expert at guiding you in the right direction. If you are like me in the sense that sometimes all you need is a ship and a star to sail her by. You will like this store and you will love to chat with these folks. They actually on Sunday get together and go paddle boarding. Its a friendly crew with the right knowledge to get you water bound. They will definitely guide you to a calmer state of being, were you'll be guided by the currents and the wind is yours to manipulate at your own will. You will go wherever you want to away from your worries in land.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,4/22/2013,101,42,6,10,9>This place is a little taste of heaven, and my absolute favorite restaurant in Miami. Coming from someone who has lived and visited Japan on multiple occasions this is one of 2 restaurants that serve traditional Japanese dishes in the entire South Florida.  The food is not only authentic but is extremely affordable!  The fish is always fresh, and the seaweed is always crisp.  The daily Japanese dishes are hand written in chalk along the walls to give u a traditional Japanese dining experience and I must add that these dishes are out of the ordinary and very good.  Their selection of sake and other alcoholic beverages are also up to par with a lot of Japanese bars, and they even have a chart that gauges the bitter to sweet range of their sake.But what makes this place special isn't just the food, its the great service.  As soon as you enter you are immediately greed by a friendly hi how are you by most of the staff, including the owner!  While you sit down, a warm clean towels is given to you to help freshen you up for the upcoming meal.  The overall feel is extremely warm and friendly.  For natives its almost like a piece of home I would say, in a very hectic miracle mile.The only issue is parking, which can be a little pricey.  However the parking is just across the street in a garage and the stroll after a good meal is sometimes exactly what one needs.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,4/21/2013,51,88,4,5,5>This review is for the bar only ... What a total dive. 100% diviest dive. It's so perfect in its own completely awkward way, too. On Wednesday nights, the bartender will flip a coin for each drink you order. You win, your drink is on the house. That's it, no catch, they just straight up do not add it to your bill. Beyond that, most of their beers are like $2 - $3. AND you even get a frosty mug for that price. Bartenders are attentive. Food hits the spot - try any of the dolphin (mahi) sandwiches - good portion, well prepared, the blackening season is on point. If you're in a soup mood you gotta get in on the chicken chili, too. On Sundays, they put signs up under the TVs to tell you which games they are showing (and so they can switch the sound if need be). Everyone is geared up and beered up. It is awesome. The space outside is an inviting space too - pool tables basically on the beach, a tiki bar, lots of TVs. Did you expect me not to love a Steeler bar?
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,4/20/2013,158,324,23,13,8>They either don't want too many people coming here, or they just need a referral for better photographer or publicist.  I'd say the real place is pretty nice and clean.  They don't have plushy towels stacked everywhere, cucumber to cover your eyes, fruit and nuts in the lounge, or water fountain with slices of strawberry in it, but it's a good place to tie me over between Miami Spa Month.  There are many rooms to explore.  My favorite is the rain room, and you can adjust the water temperature.  It does make the treehugger in me very guilty as my body enjoys the rain pounding on my back.   The polar room is a good place to literally chill off between the various hot baths.   Beyond that, whether you like to be steamed, slow roasted, or baked depends on your preference, but it's fun to try them all.  I wish some rooms were bigger so I could lie down without taking up half the seats.There was a Russian guy walking around with some oak leaves branches offering platza service.  I decided to be adventurous.OMG they should give people a certificate for surviving through one!  First, it was done in that inferno Russian room.  The guy wrapped my head with a towel drenched with icy water, and regularly splash me with cold water, but relief didn't last long!   I loved that fresh, foresty smell of oak leaves under me, that's supposed to dissolve my stress.  But no!  He started beating me with the branches.  At first it was light and refreshing, the leaves dropping cool water onto my body, but then the leaves started getting hot, and I was like, who'd think I can get 3rd degree burn from oak leaves!  Had to try my hardest not to run screaming.  After that, I was to dunk myself into the cold pool outside (for some reason the guy insisted THREE times, and he pushed my head in to make sure I was submerged... I started wondering if he was a Russian mafia).  It was torturous, it left my skin with red leaf-sized patches (which thankfully as the front staff said disappeared after an hour), but was also strangely exhilarating, and my body did feel good.  Guess it's like childbirth once you forget the pain you'd want to to do it again.  A guy who saw me did it told me he gets his fix once a month.
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,4/19/2013,75,36,5,10,5>I happened upon Esther's salon one or two years back when I was needing a mani-pedi and noticed their $20 mani-pedi sign on the street.  That day I learned that Esther recently moved her business from the prime real estate of Gables to its present location in order to be able to make her services more affordable to her clients (of which she has many!).I have tried a number of her salon's offerings, from that first mani-pedi, as well as massage, makeup application, cuts, and blow outs.  Admittedly I can't say it's the best place to get all of these, but I would be amiss if I did not advise you to get a haircut from Esther herself.  The woman is talented, and I truly believe that if there was a green thumb for hair, she has it!  Her cuts and styling are absolutely gorgeous.   You should see the women who walk in and out of there who got their hair done-- you'd think they had extensions!  Long, shiny, healthy hair. That's Esther's touch.  I'm pretty sure she has hair fertilizer on her fingertips. I kid you not--ever since going to her, my hair has grown out beautifully and quickly.  If you think I'm being ridiculous, try her for yourself!  And you won't be paying a fortune, either.Oh, and I'd also check out the massage.  I don't know if they still have the same little blond Cuban lady, but her massages were divine!
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,10/10/2013,164,326,7,7,7>Unwittingly or not (I'd like to think I keep my wits about me!) I have been a follower of Kris Wessel since 1996 when he opened Paninoteca on Lincoln Road - it was near where I lived and it was right smack in my budget and it was an ordinary sandwich brought to the level of gourmand fare - it's closing made me clutch my pearls.  I just had to up the ante and pad my purse because I could still enjoy the miracles on a plate that Chef Wessel weaved at Liaison on Espanola, but that too only lasted a few years.  Chef Wessel's move to Bal Harbour was a bit out of my reach both geographically and economically and an unfortunate experience (extremely bad service) at Red made me think he lost his touch; or at least he was out of touch with customers such as I (on a budget).  I think Chef Wessel's return to the south Florida culinary scene, which is now growing by leaps and bounds, is soon to be crowned with his finest of glories at Florida Cookery.  The food is priced what you expect for a Sobe exclusive deco haunt that can set you back just by valeting the car; but it isn't outrageous and there is definitely something for everyone.  My companions and I went for the Spice Menu and we were more than pleasantly surprised.In addition to any previously written encomium to Chef Wessel a big shout out to Jasmina the hostess on hand and our server Rebecca; they exude the old world charm of customer service with such a smile and panache that you felt like you were dining with friends.  Considering this and my last few experiences at The Federal I'm so pleased that there is at last a trend in Miami to have restaurants that serve such delicious unique food with such great service - we South Floridians so deserve this.  The Oxtail was melt in your mouth and woulda made abuela cry - it is so better than anything you ate at home.  A conch chowder was sublime with its underlying flavors of corn and cilantro and the key lime pie; a pleasant pleasing little unctuous disc topped with a homemade meringue (and touted as being a 1928 original South Florida recipe) was a divine end to a very happy meal.My only caveats (and I will return to give it that fifth star, I just know it!):  Dining was poolside and The James is SORELY in need of some mist lamps - the few fans are simply not adequate to ameliorate the humidity; and eating something hearty like oxtail leaves one a little sweatier than desired.  Inside the James and separate from Florida Cookery, the interior bar seems a little cold and more suited for an airport lounge - a little more lighting and a smile on the bartender are surely in order.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,10/9/2013,1381,665,13,18,18>Dear Dr. Bestard,Today was my first appointment with you, as I had to switch from my current/previous OBGYN office due to being unhappy with their level of care and the inconsistencies between the doctors.  Unfortunately it had left me feeling very insecure and unsure, worse yet nervous about delivering.  What a relief and total 180 from my last office!!  :)  My fiance and I are super thrilled and only wish we had known of your practice sooner.  For those reading along, Dr. Bestard is a young guy, caring and very attentive.  We first met in the exam room where he checked the baby's heartbeat and asked us some quick questions about how I was feeling.  The nurse, Belinda (who is AWESOME) had already taken my blood pressure and current weight.  He was very knowledgeable and also took an entire hour to sit with us, asking us questions from his paperwork (family history, medical history, etc.), then proceeding to read every page of the chart that had been sent over from my previous doctor and then signed each page.  He even asked me questions about certain things in the chart, which I was impressed he did such a thorough job of not only reading through everything, but being concerned with important facts.  :)  We were also able to ask all the questions we needed to as well, which he answered each one without thinking it was a silly or redundant question.  I immediately felt relieved and knew we had made the best decision to switch.  At 17 weeks pregnant, it's a little nerve-wracking to switch doctors, but Dr. Bestard really made us feel welcomed.  To be honest, this was beyond a wonderful experience!!I am extremely grateful that Jen R. referred me to your office.  My fiance and I are extremely happy with Dr. Bestard and grateful for finding a doctor that we can trust with not only my life, but that of our unborn baby.  I love how everything works itself out.  :-)Updates to follow as this was only our first of many visits to come, but I was eager to spread the word.  THANK YOU Dr. Bestard!Happy & Grateful,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,10/8/2013,189,216,4,5,6>If you're the type of person who can't appreciate a good dive, then this isn't the place for you. If you're the type of person who goes out to see and be seen, this isn't the place for you either.Now that I've gotten that out of the way, Mike's is awesome. It's an Irish bar tucked away on the 9th floor of the Venetian. Basically, if you didn't know it was there you'd never find it (thank you yelp!).This place almost never gets too packed (the one exception is probably at the end of basketball season if the Heat are playing) and they have the most amazing happy hour. During happy hour beers are $1 off and well drinks are half price (this may not sound so amazing, but they're starting from low prices to begin with). The best part is the food - they offer a large selection of apps at half price for happy hour also. Which means you can fill up on a huge and tasty $4 plate of nachos and have a $2-3 beer while relaxing at one of the most chill bars in Miami.Again, even during regular business hours the prices are pretty cheap even for casual bar standards, and I'd say that the food ranks a notch or two above what you'll get at most of those other places. It's not fine dining by any means, but it gets the job done pretty well.When I can't think of where to go (or when I want to go somewhere decidedly un-miami) you'll always find me at Mike's.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,10/7/2013,221,253,9,9,10>Harry's is definitely one of my favorite craft (seemingly the most overused foodie term in the history of the word "foodie") pizza parlors.  I am in l-o-v-e with the pizza sauce, with the taste and texture of the crust, with the taste of the meatballs (my favorite meatball in Miami!)... LOVE!!  Toppings are always fresh & full of their intended flavors.  I haven't tried anything else other than pizza at Harry's; I'm only there for the pizzas anyway.But as Roberto B. mentioned, the salt levels at Harry's are through the roof.  Pero, porque?  It was so bad that I had to throw away a whole pizza that I had driven from North Miami to pick up in the first place. It was completely inedible.Are they sprinkling (read: slathering) salt on the pies once they come out of the oven?  I don't know.  BUT obviously I'm not the only one who notices so something must be done about the salt that's clearly added after cooking has been completed.  Getting rid of it is a great idea.My true rating is a 3.5.  The times I've been there, service has been pretty okay.  Even when I had the issue with the overly-salty-salty-pizza, my name was put on the books for a comped one the next time I visited.  The prices are not as intimidating as the sister restaurant down the street and one pizza is plenty for 2, no matter what size it looks.But I can't excuse the salt.  I just can't.  Cut down on the salt so I can give you 5 stars, Harry's!  CUT DOWN ON THE SALT!!
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,10/6/2013,50,63,6,8,6>On Sunday's, I'm always looking for a real meal, like momma used to cook.  Since momma's not here, I venture out from time to time.  This week it was Homestyle Restaurant.This restaurant is on the heavily traveled 22nd ave and easily accesible.  Homestyle is strictly carry-out, which is apparent as there are no tables, just chairs and a bench in the waiting area.  Be sure to bring cash as debit/credit cards are not accepted.As the food goes, obviously my momma wasn't in the kitchen, but someone with skills certainly was.  I ordered the oxtails dinner.  These oxtails were sliced thin, but cooked to perfection. They were tender and fell from the bone. Its accompanying gravy was spread across the pigeon peas and rice, which made for a really good and hearty taste.  My two additional sides were Mac & Cheese and collard greens.The Mac & Cheese was the best, I've ever tasted from any local  restaurant.  Seems like most folks skimp on the real cheese, but not Homestyle. Instead they splurged with the cheese and the seasonings.  Bravo!!Now the collard greens...............that's another story.  Kudos for cooking what appeared to be fresh collards, as opposed to canned greens.  Unfortunately they were a little "tough", if you know what I mean. Just like the other food, the greens were nicely seasoned though, and one (if adequately hungry) could overlook the texture. They also provided a nice cornbread muffin with the meal.  After all, NO ONE I know would dare eat collards without cornbread.This meal was a total of $8.95 plus tax, a fair price.  If you aren't a huge eater, you could very well have left overs for the following day. Don't forget to make room for the assortment of available cake slices for sale.Will I return?  Most defnitely.
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,10/5/2013,155,38,11,17,13>My husband and I went to Khong to celebrate our one year anniversary of being hitched by the court. We started of with cocktails from the bar. They are huge into Gin here so I asked our server Alex to recommend something. I told her I usually only drink champagne and wine. Not sure was it was called but she brought me a peach Bellini with Gin and a Ginger candy as a garnish. Two down and I was feeling fabulous...What we tried:Burmese Noodle Wraps ~ Wow! Freakin' delicious! Spicy and sweet with a sauce that was so good I could have dipped my shoe in it and eaten it. Chiang Rai Sausage ~ This was George's pick. I'm not much of a sausage person but this one was very tasty and it came with fresh fried pork rinds. Yummmmy....Thai Pork Ribs ~ These were awesome and a great portion for an appetizer. I could've had just this dish for myself and left full and happy but of course, I didn't...On the the next one, for the main course we tried:Boat Noodles ~ Hot and spicy broth was very comforting. I know I'm going to crave this the next time I have the sniffles. This was George's pick and I commandeered it.Flat Iron Steak ~ I've had many flat iron steaks in my lifetime but never one that comes close to this one. This was the last dish to get to our table but they definitely saved the best for last. Super well seasoned and cooked perfectly.Our server was incredibly knowledgeable on the menu and really took her time in explaining the food to us. Since she knew I like wine she brought by a rare German wine to our table to try. She explained the bar only had one bottle so they chose to sample it out to their guests. That really made me feel special since I probably would not have had a chance to try this wine otherwise.For dessert, we chose an off-the-menu special, Molten Lava Chocolate cake. Perfectly prepared, beautifully plated with gold leaf flakes (!) and served with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. Yes, it was everything you think it was going to be and more. Hell yeah.Can't wait to come back for the rush hour happy hour!
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,10/4/2013,708,615,6,6,5>There's nothing worse than going to an expensive birthday dinner that disappoints. You end up splitting the bill (of course, the birthday boy/girl doesn't have to pay) and that's even if you just order a salad while the rest of the table opts for pricey cocktails and juicy steaks. Bitterness aside, it was a birthday that brought me to PB Steak and for once, I left satisfied and happy even after footing the hefty bill. We came at 7:30pm on a Saturday night and it was relatively empty but after that, the crowds started trickling in. Our waiters were super attentive and quick to take our drink order and bring out some heavenly warm bread in a paper sack. There were four of us who would have been happy to eat everything on the menu but alas, decisions had to be made and made they were. Word to the wise - order in waves because our total of about 9 dishes came out rapidly fast from the kitchen. I don't think any of us talked or drank for about 30 minutes straight. Just stuffed our mouths with delicious food. Standouts include the pork cheek ravioli, short rib bone marrow, Florida heirloom tomato salad with burrata, Brussels sprouts, and of course, the steak. I could have had full plates of all those dishes but was left secretly hoping the others wouldn't take the last bite of the smaller plates. Somehow we had room for dessert - cinnamon roll bread pudding and the adequately named FML. I don't know which was my favorite but do know they were both worth the food coma.The staff was great at clearing empty plates quickly and even lit a candle in honor of my friend's birthday. I loved the atmosphere of this place too. We all left full and happy. Between the four of us, our bill came out to $250 and we ate every last bite. Pricey? Yes. But if the occasion is right, go for it.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,10/3/2013,33,72,6,12,11>TSL is one of my favorite spots at the moment. I'm actually feeling apprehensive about writing such a great review because I feel like this place is still a well kept secret. Once people start swarming in, places like this in Miami tend to get ruined. Finding TSL is a little challenging because it is in fact super hidden. But the place itself is super sexy. It's almost like a swanky backyard with dimmed lights and Barcelona chairs, connected to an open building. Wynwood isn't necessarily someone's first choice for "luxury" experiences, but we can compare TSL to a south beach joint minus the pretentiousness and cheap looking women. I had gone months ago and they closed for a while but I was super excited to find out they reopened again! Some friends and I stopped by this past weekend and our bartender/server Ariel was a super cool pirate looking dude. He tended to us so well. We had such a great time. The drinks are good, I mean I never order anything crazy besides a vodka tonic or whiskey if I feel like it. I love the open format that they have and they play really cool music while projecting vintage cartoons on the wall. This place is awesome, never too full and they even have fans set up around the venue to ease with the Miami night time humidity and heat. You must check this place out.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,10/2/2013,9,32,6,7,6>I have wanted to go to a drag show for years. I finally got my chance. It was soooo worth the wait. These ladies were FANTASTIC! They were so entertaining and funny and hard working! They really engaged the crowd. A bachelorette party was there one night and the one girl said she liked a queen's lipstick. The queen overheard this and took the girls back one by one and did their lips in the back and then they walked the runway! Another night they had two little girls go backstage and learn how to walk on a runway. Then they came out and walked together and then the little girls on their own...priceless!We were staying next door at the Tides so we were able to catch a lot of the shows...I even tried to watch from my window when I would hear them go on when we hadn't left yet. I am not going to lie, I underestimated the food and didn't even give it a chance. I figured the main focus was on the show and that the food was second fiddle. That being said, we didn't even look at the menu. I really wish I would have looked at these reviews when we were on our vacation because if I did, I definitely would have given the food a try! Especially considering we ate at our own hotel on our last night and the food was terrible! But back to the queens...I loved every second of their performances. I respect their confidence and I would highly recommend anyone staying in South Beach to support these ladies and check out at least one show...you won't be disappointed. The runway was always my favorite part!!! I'm home now and I miss their nightly shows!
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,10/1/2013,113,636,7,10,10>I think I am in love...No, silly, not with a human being! With this cozy, grungy locale in the heart of Little Haiti! Finally, a place that is FUN, has good music (translation: nothing that is in our crappy choice of radio stations in SoFla, and nothing that is playing in the clubs), and where I can wear whatever the hell I want and look however I want and STILL be welcomed, with open arms, by the freaks and geeks.  No velvet ropes, arrogant patrons looking down on me, or douchey doormen discriminating anyone.  A breath of fresh air.Reminiscent of such iconic places as CBGBs in New York, which is now long gone, it is actually shocking to find such a cool place, which has history, mind you, in the midst of tropical, relatively modern, Miami.  Who knew? Where have you been my whole life, Churchill's?I had always been fascinated by documentaries I had seen while discovering punk/new wave/goth music in my 20s (not that long ago!) that showcased the Batcave in London, and I always cursed the fact I was too young to have ever experienced it for myself.  I thought that such relics were relegated to the past, and I was just born too late, with nothing to do about it.  Enter Churchill's.  I am glad to see that all hope is not gone.  Seeing people in their Misfits gear, leather jackets and piercings, I can still feel as if I am a part of that time.  I have heard they have an awesome Indian curry buffet on Wednesday nights, I will have to attempt to try it at least once.  They also have jazz nights, if you're not into punk rock.  It's cool to see the bands that come, they will play anything from Jimi Hendrix covers to hardcore punk rock, and there's a large sense of community.  For example, leave it to patrons to adjust the sound system mid-song if there's equipment glitches, or microphone issues.  By the way, I thought I should mention this considering the somewhat negative reviews: I don't feel unsafe at Churchill's, I know a lot of people are saying that it's a crime-ridden area, but honestly, there are plenty of people hanging out outside all the time, not just homeless folks guarding the lots, but locals and plenty of patrons who go out to take a break from playing pool to have a smoke...do you think this would be happening if there really were stray bullets going off in this neighborhood? Little Haiti's got nothing on Liberty City late at night.  Churchill's would be a yuppy hipster hangout without that element of danger and grunge, so common to punk rock clubs (see CBGBs, which was not in a posh area of town either).  Also, the people here are friendly without overstepping their bounds or being creepy.  There are girls who go there on their own and don't feel harassed like they would at a "mainstream" club.  People are there to genuinely laugh, joke around, heckle the bands sometimes, dance, and jam, without a care in the world about how silly they may look while dancing, they are not there to exclusively use the place as a pickup bar.PS: I used the bathroom a few weekends ago and it was actually clean, much cleaner than some restaurant bathrooms and yes, there WAS toilet paper, unlike some restaurant bathrooms.  I was expecting to find graffiti'd walls, toilet paper and pee all over the floors and poop-covered toilet seats based on some of the reviews on here, but the toilet and bathroom itself was clean, small, but clean, and this was around 2 a.m., I guess they must have done some remodeling and cleanup.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,12/5/2012,343,219,9,14,7>You can be walking down ocean drive around seven thirty in the morning, just catching that morning stroll and that salty ocean air that rushes your lungs and keeps you a little younger little happier, and a little more enthusiastic.If its now eight o'clock and you see a huge line of people trying to run in and get their morning NUM NUMS. You don't have to look at the sign outside to know you are in front of the Front Porch cafe.Yes they have been in the strip for quite a while and now their new location is even better. What makes them so good and so attractive to the public is their wide variety to their breakfast menu. Front porch has huge breakfast, it is great to share at most items are composed of a lot of things. Take their Beach Breakfast Bonanza for example: composed of 3 eggs(scrambeled),with cheddar, mushroom and scallion if you wish. Served with two choice of fruit, potatoes, tomatoes or dressed garden greens, along with a pumpernickel toast. Another big hit is the Beach Breakfast deluxe; having 3 eggs and choice of fresh fruit also with two sides of your choice, coffee and juice, and you get to pick ham, sausage or bacon. For those who like to be healthy, control cholesterol and just have a more fit diet they give you the choice of having just the egg whites scrambled. They also have breakfast burritos in many many many combinations. Some people swear by their french toast, others by their green eggs and plenty by their mimosas. There is just a little of everything for everyone at the Porch. For me there is just something that this places offers and I cant get it anywhere else. Ive been to the Biltmore brunch, and many other breakfast places. But somethings cant change. Somethings are just embedded into our idiosyncrasy. For me the best thing that Front Porch offers is the TO GO option. And I find myself taking my crab meat egg Benedict or my Breakfast Bonanza with simple OJ and with a blanket underneath my arm and sit right on the sand with the greatest view a human being can have. No loud cashiers, no order taking, no opening and closing of doors, no people chattering. It is just that simple, the ocean waves crashing, an almost empty beach, my breakfast and me.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,12/4/2012,65,119,6,9,6>Thank you City of Miami Beach for sharing this area with the public! It offers the BEST sunset views of any public spot on South Beach. Looking west across beautiful Biscayne Bay you can take in the Miami skyline, Venetian Causeway, Julia Tuttle Causeway and a dozen or so sleepy sailboats bobbing around. That is, until a DMX like celeb's posse zooms by on jetskis and the reggae music in your head skreaches to a halt. But really, this is a very peaceful spot to try and check out of the South Beach craziness. A few picnic tables, park benches, shade, and functioning water fountains make this small park a gem. You'll mostly find residents with dogs from nearby high rise condos, local workers on lunch breaks, or families utilizing the playground here.  I feel pretty safe here, even at night. If you're a water sports fan, you can launch your boat, kayak, or Stand Up Paddle board at the boat ramp. MB Police Marine Patrol  is headquartered here too, safety in numbers people! ENJOY!
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,12/3/2012,504,281,8,10,8>Yes...I am in love with Nutreat. It has become one of my favorite lunch spots now that I am working Downtown and even though I want to keep the secret all to myself, I can't help but just gush about their fresh delectable food and outstanding friendly customer service.Everything here is made fresh and not only is it delicious but it's healthy as well! I love that when I stop in for their awesome breakfast special ($5 for an omelette with cheese, choice of meat, side of toast, juice AND coffee!!!) you actually *hear* the eggs being cracked to make your omelette to order :) yes, I am a dork but it gives the place a very 'at home' feel.The real stars on their menu however are the salads. Just when I thought Giardino had won my ruffage loving heart over, in comes Nutreat with their mixed greens, homemade dressings and fresh local ingredients like avocado, mango (Summer Florida Salad). The Nutreation Salad has also captured my attention, cause you can't go wrong with Feta, dried cranberries and roasted almonds. But whatever you decide to get, salad, wedge, wrap or sandwich, for the love of delicious food, get the curry!!! You can get curry chicken or just add the curry sauce on to any dish, but it is homemade and TO DIE FOR!!!Mosheas (local made ice cream wrapped in this odd awesome rice paper paste) top it all off and their soups have proven quite delectable as well.Once you get to know the place and the staff, your lunch break feels like a stop at home away from home. Always a nice feeling during the workday grind.
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,12/2/2012,160,130,4,15,12>I'm not sure I can add anything to all the glowing reviews people have already written about this wonderful restaurant (on yelp or otherwise), but I will try.  I was lucky enough to celebrate my birthday here this past Saturday night.  What I came away from my time at Naoe, is that Naoe delivers a world-class dining experience, not just incredible sushi.That impeccable dining experience starts the moment you make your reservation.  Wendy, the manager, does everything to make sure everything is perfect leading up to and during your meal.  Chef Cory, who is a great guy, delivers a masterfully crafted sushi meal.  The bento box we had was creative and for the five of us in our party who were very well seasoned sushi eaters, we all had about 10 or 12 things we've never had before.  There was a delicious house made egg tofu with an exquisite uni sauce.  There was an incredibly fresh local cobia sashimi, which was other-worldly.  There was a scallop roe soup which was refreshingly light and clean, and basically tasted like warm sea water (I mean that in the best possible way).The nigiri course was incredible as well and the star of the evening of course. While I could've literally eaten nigiri until Naoe ran out of fish, my wallet, wouldn't allow for that.  There was an amazing array of fish, most of which I hadn't eaten before.  The level of craftsmanship was so evident from the first bite.  The fish was sliced beautifully and the rice was perfect.  It was not gummy or too cold, the perfect vehicle for the sushi, which just melted in your mouth.  The experience was made even better by the beautiful sake we had (um, all four bottles), which I am sure you have read from other reviews, is brewed by Chef Cory's family back in Nippon.  The restaurant is modern and spartan in the decor, which I really like.  Wendy and Chef Cory made for excellent hosts, and Chef Cory was nice enough to impart some sushi making tips on me.  Wendy was nice enough to gift me a complimentary bottle of sake for my birthday, which I will crack open the next time I make sushi at home.  The whole experience was top notch, and I think the only better dining experience I've ever had was De Kas in Amsterdam.  Naoe is great for Miami, and I will definitely be back.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,11/29/2012,444,433,7,12,7>What the heck is roti? This is the question I asked myself on the way to the restaurant that was rated one dollar sign and categorized as "Indian" food on Yelp. I had a curry craving that night, but didn't want to pay the steeper prices that typically come with it. So apparently this roti is an Indiaribbean (Indian and Caribbean hybrid) dish. I had no idea what to expect but I ordered the veggie roti at $6 and the boyfriend chose the boneless chicken roti at $8.50. We waited less than 15 minutes and were served two heavy brown paper bags full of what looked like giant, homemade hot pockets. Mine had a thick layer of spicy (at least it was spicy for my wimpy tastebuds) vegetable & potato filling and a another thinner layer of sweeter stuff, amongst the folds of the ample, flour-y shell. I had expected the too-loud music after reading other reviews, but sadly the TVs were down that day. However, I imagined that at least some of the music videos would have involved daggering like this one: vimeo.com/5936810. We went on a Friday night and the place had plenty of open tables. Anyways, this was super yummy and was more than enough for two meals. I packed up the half of the roti I didn't finish in the brown paper bag it was served in and ate it for dinner the following night.  BOTTOM LINE: Something different and delicious for just a few dollars.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,11/28/2012,187,216,5,8,7>This review is solely based on the ambiance that Privet brings to South Florida.  The decor and the music fits the scene of South Florida perfectly.  As you walk in, you are welcomed into a large open space that captures your attention with the two big bars lengthwise on each side of the entrance with high bar tops along with a cocktail area for you to hang and mingle.  Once you walk through the center of Privet, you see the nice decor and the high ceilings that remind you of clubs in Vegas.  Behind each bar before you reach the dance floor area, you have the VIP lounge sections on each side with white couches and swift and fast cocktail waitresses.  The white drapes that hang from the ceiling can be moved to uncover two other VIP areas right next to the stage.  The DJ spinning them ones and twos, is directly on stage right in front of the dance floor with more than adequate dance lighting. {{{LaSEr, FlaSH, FLAsh, LaSer, DiSCo BaLLBaLL, LaSeR, FLaSH}}}Decor is elegant and classy.  The club offers entertainment every weekend with dancers that twirl fire batons, sticks, and lit hula hoops.  The only problem is the location.  Since it is in Gulfstream, for some reason it just doesn't attract a large crrowd to the scene.  It's unfortunate because the decor is extremely nice, the club is comfortable and the ambiance brings a whole 'notha meaning to clubs in South Florida.  The younger club scene is still located in the Hard Rock's Clubs and South Beach area.  This is the only part that really bothers me...With a club this size and incredible decor, it should be bringing in more people.  It is quite empty on the weekends and provides well enough room to roam around and dance without bumping into each other.  What a shame...But if you're in the area and are not scared of just hanging out with a great ambiance, good music, and drinks.  Give the place a try...  Bottle service is reasonable!
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,11/27/2012,471,255,10,16,14>I can't believe it took me a year to delight in Nemesis. The more I think about it the more it upsets me; it was there all along. If I had to be reincarnated as a restaurant, Nemesis would be the exact result, perhaps that's why I felt right at home from the minute I opened its doors to my palate. But enough about me... :cue The Beatles Magical Mystery Tour for ambiance:Nemesis is a magical place if you are into the eclectic, bold, and raw. If playing frou-frou at one of the new establishments at the beach or its new-coming equally disappointing younger sister Midtown, is how you roll, then venturing into the dark alleys and train tracks of downtown where the night people crawl will probably not be your scene. This is for the adventurous, for the food rebels that are fed up with the way food in Miami has been bastardized in the name of trendiness. Nemesis is a gypsy, a globe-trotter, a wanderer, a sightseer of sorts, just like the people behind their open kitchen.It is small and quaint, with a real artistic concept. The room might house no more than 25 people, perfect for the Nemesis family to come to your table and get to know you on a personal basis.  The dishes are remarkable, ranging from kangaroo, octopus and alligator delights, to the most natural, earthy savory salads you'll relish, which change according to the organic ingredients that chef Micah is able to attain during the week. Her creativity exceeds in every dish. As if this weren't enough, their selection of craft beers and their exceptional wine pairings will continue to sway you in merriment throughout the course of the meal. Even a visit to the loo will grant some inspiration, as I sat and read quotes from some of the greatest, including but not limiting the wisdom of sir Gandhi.Just as you  think this magical journey is coming to an end, the most peculiar creature will approach you with fantastical skill, knowledge and lovely conversation; this fairy goes by the name of Matilda and she is, in my opinion, one of my favorite characters in Miami. She honored me with one of her art pieces which is currently hanging on my fridge.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,11/26/2012,309,226,4,6,6>I discovered this place at the age of 16, one summer evening on a night out at the beach.  That was in 1997.  It is 2012, and I still come here... religiously.I love, love, LOVE this place! My husband and I started dating in 1998, and we have made it a special routine that we come here once a month as one of our date nights.  Through all the years of being together, through the good and the bad, we came.  And we will as long as this place is around.  This is even where I started having contractions during my pregnancy with my daughter!What's not to love?  The menu is fabulous whether you're here for breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner.  I've had it all.  Normally we come in for dinner and order the fried mozzarella with bread, and the garlic, olive oil and basil penne pasta with chicken.  We like to eat up the pasta and then dip the bread in the left over olive oil and garlic pieces and mix it with Parmesan cheese - oh, yes!  It never disappoints.  Prices are decent, comparable to someplace like The Cheesecake Factory, let's say.  Their service is always great, and you get seated immediately.  You can opt for outside seating to people watch since you're right in the heart of Ocean Drive or you can dine indoors.  We normally don't even wait for the maitre d' to seat us - we walk right up to our usual booth that we've been sitting at for years. The menu is extensive, though, so check it out online before you go.  It has SO many things from burgers to seafood to middle eastern dishes to pastas to pizzas to desserts galore!  I don't know if it's a personal thing, but I'm telling you to give it a try. You won't be sorry.  It's open 24 hours a day. You can also check out their sister restaurant The Van Dyke Cafe on Lincoln Road.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,11/25/2012,1127,496,6,6,6>Now listen...I am not in the best shape of my life - granted. But man was I TOTALLY NOT ready for this - which was fine.I will start by saying after going to my first class at USP I was sore for a good week and a half - Yes, they still get 5 stars.If you haven't been to crossfit, it will be the most intense work out of your life, and you will likely get addicted to it. I started with a "set" of 50 ball throws? I had to throw a ball high in the air and squat down as I caught it, then 50 burpees (you will learn to hate them) and then a run around the block. Holly crap. I couldn't finish the rounds and the trainers (and the other crossfiters) were extremely encouraging, while pushing me to finish. When my form was starting to falter, they quickly helped me realize what I was doing wrong. Then made you get back to the reps, while giving you the motivation you want to hear in the gym, not just loud screams. It was cool how they are patient with beginners while the vets are doing 10 times what you are.....seeing the vets do it is pretty impressive and gives you something to work towards.I went when they were at their old location, they since moved to this one which is alot bigger. I unfortunately moved down South now, so this one wont be an option but I kinds miss struggling to get out of bed in the morning.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,11/24/2012,255,530,9,11,9>I went to a French restaurant, and came out a pizza fan. A French Pizza fan that its!Truly I don't know what was the better, the oozing sexual ambiance, or the oozing flow of this delectable pizza. And, it's not your normal New York style pizza, so all you displaced New Yorkers I know your pizza is excellent, I kind of miss them, but a french crust, you've got your competition! To my Italian friends, don't get mad, as many people have perfected your original Pizza Margarita. So leave it to the French, but I will praise anyone who puts foie gras on a pie, and can successfully marry the dough and the fat into such a highly choleric taste sensation. Yes, I felt like rubbing it all over my face, just to get a lower weight watcher point, but it was not to be, everything went down my mouth, almost to fast.There dough is sensational, and it is just so far amped away from your common pizza dough. There Pizza Sorrento was a remarkable work of art with Ham, fresh mushroom, emmental, fresh cream, truly a work of art as was the Pizza Capri which was cream and emmental cheese. But it was foie Gras pie that broke me like a little prison bitch, I'll do anything!!! or Just drive back tomorrow.They have killer things on the menu:1. Killer Wine List, it's huge!2: Killer Pies3: Killer Ravioli, I didn't try it, but it looked killerand least we leave out4: Killer Prices, yep steep, but the price you gotta pay  I guess!Service, well, I'll be generous, they still have to work out kinks!
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,6/13/2009,34,109,8,11,10>Because everyone has expressed how utterly awesome this restaurant is (rightfully so, I might add), I'm going to stick to giving my rec's on what we ate. 2 people, 1 bottle of wine, 11 plates.What! we were hungry!!! And the best part?  I didn't leave feeling overly stuffed because the plates were timed very well (keep in mind we were there for 2.5 hours though)Cold Dishes:Jamon Serrano 5* - sliced à la minute= sooo fresh! great fig marmalde flavorArugula Salad 4* - very fresh with shaved piave vecchio cheeseHot Dishes:Crispy Pork Belly 5* - awesome flavor and textureBacon wrapped date 4*- maybe a little sweetprawns a la Plancha 4.5* - very good, large prawns; the flavor from the head of the prawn is intensely flavorfulchickpeas with Morcilla 3.5* - ehhh. only thing I wasn't super thrilled with and the only plate that wasn't scraped cleanCrispy Artichokes 5* - loved how crispy and not greasy they were; the lemon aioli was fantastic combo!Sweetbreads 4* - love the sweetbreads, but I don't think the sauce really added to or enhanced the dishRoasted Bone Marrow 4* - first time I had this. Amazing flavor! Great texture, but a little greasy... I know, it's like saying pork belly is fatty, duh.Fish Cheeks 4.5* - good, not something I "have" to get every timeSea Urchin Sandwich 5* - so in love with this. I wish I could eat it every day. The smooth urchin with crunchy bread is a moment of geniusI hope this helps! I will be back here many times in the future and I hope the menu finds it's solid base and has some seasonal changes.  notes:  Would be great for groups, I recommend telling the server your tastes and letting him/her order for you.Sitting at the Tapas bar is nice for two people if you want to sit next to each other.Definitely call for a res. I called at 2pm on Sat and got a res for 8:30 pm, much better than walking in w/out a res!Can be moderately priced if you plan well, but you should plan to spend about $40-60 per person on food.Enjoy it and love it!
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,6/12/2009,61,55,12,14,13>My Dearest Yelpers,If you are from the Aventura, Sunny Isles area (or anywhere closeby) and you are always looking for a good place to go to the beach, get a good drink and some tasty burgers - You're ALL IN FOR A TREAT!Banana Beach - a little place behind the rundown Monaco Travelodge Hotel on collins. This little bar is literally on the sand. You can chill indoors and have a beer and some Hookah (nargila), look up and see the owner's surf board chilling there waiting for the waves to come. You can hang outside by the beach, dig your toes into the sand as you shake off the tequila shots. Whichever path you take. It's a cool place. You can park at the Travelodge as long as you tell them you are going to the bar in the back. CASH ONLYLove Always,Andreap.s. There is also an Uzbeki restaurant at the monaco you can order from to the bar... very versatile
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,6/11/2009,196,289,9,11,10>Recently moved to its new Coral Way location, this studio has evolved from a mini studio packed between Indochine and Tobacco Road to its own mini-complex including different mini-boutiques.New and improved, the studio now features a large studio room where Pilates Mat, trampoline dance, belly dance, and cardio dance classes are held.  Another room holds about twenty Pilates machines for the semi-private classes held during the week.  In another room with a booming sound system, black lights and cool glowing stars is where you'll find the spinning bikes.  You've think you've tried it all? Spinning and Pilates too boring for you?  Before you get too cocky, try a class with Nicole.  She teaches the semi-privates during the week at 7 am and spinning at 5:45 pm on Mondays.  For an updated class schedule, go to the website.  Nicole will motivate and entertain you with her enthusiasm and quirky anecdotes that can often be a little R-rated.  She claims to be able to fix any ailment and she has for me.  Her pilates classes have improved my posture and changed my body shape.Folks who come to this studio are individuals.  They do not come to show off their latest gym clothes or plastic enhancements.  Like the name suggests, this place is more like a sanctuary of health than your traditional gym.  The classes can be pricey, but no membership is ever required.  If you buy a card for ten classes -- the best rate -- it will never expire.    There are numerous private showers and private dressing rooms for people to use as well as expensive CHI hair dryers hung by the vanity mirror.  Towels, body wash, and shampoo/conditioner are provided, and ladies will be happy to know that there are plenty feminine supplies as well.  Those who are regulars have become like members of Nicole's family.  Indeed, Nicole hosts two parties: the studio's anniversary and her birthday.  All are invited.While her larger than life personality can be intimidating to some, she is really a big softie.  She cares about your health and your progress.  I've been a loyal devotee of hers for at least five years, and I happen to know that Madonna is a big fan as well!  If you're looking for something different and life-changing, check out Sanctuary 7.  Men and women of ALL shapes and sizes frequent her pilates and spinning classes.  After sweating your butt off, you can get your brows expertly shaped, or check out the latest fashions in the two boutiques inside the studio.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,6/10/2009,94,52,10,13,13>Been here in the past and had been disappointed but had heard great things about it and decided to give it another go. Showed up with friends on a Friday night. Granted, it was quite early (10pm) so the place wasn't jumping yet. Service was fast , had the playoffs and good music on. Love the digital jukebox. For $1 you get the option of 2 songs to play in the order the machine received or you get your one song to play, right away. If you opt for the second choice, make sure you don't choose something lame for a bar like a Robin Thicke slow jam but more of a singalong Journey tune.Great Irish beer selection and  drink prices are sooo reasonable -you can get a pint of Guiness for $6.50 and a normal drink, like a rum and coke goes for about the same and it's in a nice tall glass, not in a mini one. They also have happy hour  during the week (2for1) I believe which is great! just gotta check out the times...The patrons are just as easy-going and relaxed as the place. It did get packed around midnight but you were still able to hold a conversation and the service was still good even during the peak hours. Didn't eat there but the food looked yummy! They have this chocolate dessert that comes with ice cream but watch out- the ice cream is cold (this is what the waiter told the lady who ordered it). I snickered. Overall, great times to be had at Irish Times without breaking out the piggy bank!!!
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,6/9/2009,162,138,7,9,9>If you had to have a last meal this is the place to go!I went there three weeks ago for dinner and it was simply amazing. We started off with an Amuse Bouche of Trio of Fries fried in duck fat. There was Smoked Paprika Fries, Truffle Fries and I don't remember what the last fry was but I knew it was good. It was followed by Potato Foccacia drizzled with Truffle Butter...OMG! SO FREAKING GOOD!!For the entree course my guest and I ended up having the same thing...we ordered Filet Mignon with Truffled Mac and Cheese. I ate my Filet Mignon first...No I'm not a weirdo!! It's just that the flavor of the Filet was so awesome that I didn't want anything to interfere with the savoring of this incredible piece of meat. It was so tender, so juicy and so full of flavor. I'm fanning myself just thinking about it.The truffled mac and cheese was also pretty awesome. If you're a truffle lover this is the place for you.For dessert my guest and I decided to try out two desserts. We had the Beignets(sp?) with Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee and the Chocolate Lava Cake with Malted Vanilla Ice Cream. OMG! OMG! OMG! The Beignets were like warm fluffly little pillows of goodness that melts in your mouth. The Creme Brulee was a lovely, creamy, explosion of vanilla and the Chocolate Lava Cake was simply ORGASMIC!The service wasn't very intrusive..I liked that my waiter wasn't in my face all the time but seemed to anticipate my needs and allowed me to enjoy dinner with very little interruption. I do have some issues with the place...I noticed that the manager greeted other tables but didn't stop by once to check on us. I didn't like that I was charged for each Sprite that I had...I understand that it's a Fine Dining establishment but seriously you're charging me for refills when I'm spending $70+ for a steak. Really?The decor is very garish and the chairs are very uncomfortable. However, the bar area is pretty cool.Despite the issues that I have with the place I still love it and highly recommend it. Please note that it is not cheap but you do get what you pay for food wise and service wise.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,6/8/2009,106,279,9,14,10>OMG - I've been raving and raving about Origin to IDK how many people who have then gone and loved it - and today I come to write an update on my amazing experiences at this place only to find out that I hadn't reviewed it yet - ugh! Okay, so pretty much my husband and I love this place. It is small and quaint. There is never a wait and it has free valet parking. But those are just the basics. I'm not Asian, so I can't comment as to the authenticity of the food, but my oh my is it good!!!! We've tried many dishes here, and all have always been great. I'll comment particularly on our meal last night. As soon as we sit down and place our order, we are immediately brought a serving of edamame - on the house. Em loves the pad Thai b/c it is very light on the peanut sauce, so we decided to share - with me ordering extra peanut sauce. Although we knew it'd be a good size serving, we still ordered a JB roll. The thing is, the rolls at this place are huge. I mean, they're like 12 pieces a roll (for great prices). We order the roll thinking that maybe the traditional rolls are not as big as the specially rolls - nope, we were wrong!!! Also, we ordered extra sauces with our food, and they came WITH the food, as in we didn't have to wait to start eating while they brought us the sauces. We left so stuffed, we couldn't even order the Thai donuts - which of course are delicious too. The place is fairly small inside, but the noise level is never too high, I've always found it to be comfortable, even when it's overflowing with people. All the food is good, all the rolls are good and huge. And the service, it is GREAT. Your glass of water is never empty, your food comes quickly, and all the servers are super nice, with smiles. Everyone acknowledges your presence and will tend to your table, even the super cute little old lady - who i just want to take home with me. The only down side - which I don't really consider a down side, but I'll let you know so you don't say I didn't tell you... if you are like Emilio and I, you like to order lots of different sauces to dip your sushi in, well, each additional sauce (other than the soy sauce on the table) is an extra $1. Again, not a big deal, till you realize you've each ordered three or four extra sauces and the bill comes for an extra amount you didn't expect. Still, in my book, not enough to take off a star. 5 stars for Origin all the way.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2009,6/7/2009,73,158,14,27,25>Last July my husband and I took our first trip to Asia. We went to Japan because we figured it was the safest, and probably the easiest foray into the continent. We loved the experience. The culture, the food, the people...everything was so different than our lives back in the MIA. Last saturday we were craving a meal like one of the many you find so easily in Japan. We wanted sushi without artificial crab meat, without cream cheese, and with REAL wasabi. After searching online for an hour we realized we weren't going to find anything like what we were looking for in Miami and we settled on a good but not spectacular place where the sushi is decent. Come Monday morning my hubby emailed me a review from foodforthoughtmiami.com that seemed to describe spot-on what we wanted just two days before.Well, last night we went to try NAOE. This place is not where you go if you have a hankering for a spider roll. The meal consists of chef's choice - a bento box in four compartments. Last night our meals consisted of 1) snapper mutton (caught that day @ haulover) w/ freshly grated lotus root 2) salmon in white seaweed, freshwater eel & shrimp omelet 3) shitake rice w/ traditional japanese pickles on top and 4) (arguably the best thing of the night) fresh mackerel (flown in that morning from japan) with freshly grated wasabi (yes, NO tube or powder here!) and wasabi greens (think broccoli rabe soaked in rice wine vinegar w/wasabi). Chef Kevin Cory even prepares his own sauces to compliment the courses. After finishing our bento box, we had the option to continue eating nigiri pieces. He will continue to prepare pieces until you cant anymore. I was pretty full, despite wanting to continue but my husband (who I suspect has more stomachs than a cow) continued on. He was prepared salmon, ika (squid), and kohada (a tiny fish which the chef braids before serving). the last nigiri my husband enjoyed was the uni, which he loved.i should also note that the only menu you receive is their sake list. the sakes are made by the chef's family in japan and while i cant remember the name of the one we had, it was delicious.the chef and his second in command, an adorable server named wendy were so pleasant. you really feel like you have just come into their home for a meal. the atmosphere of the small cozy space evokes japan - simple, elegant, relaxing.it was a night in miami i didnt think i would ever have. the food isn't for everyone, but .... if you are thinking about going to japan, or you have been and you miss it or you just want to try what the REAL fuss about japanese food is about - THIS is your place.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2009,6/6/2009,314,746,5,5,6>Yeah!!!! A place with Thai food that is actually decent :) I've been having a hard time finding anything I like since my visit to Thailand last fall, but this was good!I got their DUI noodles with tofu and it was great. I like spicy so I ordered it medium (I always do the first time somewhere until I know if they actually put spice in it) and it was actually medium spicy. The veggies in it were all fresh and cooked just right - not soggy, but a little bit of crisp...which I love because then you know it wasn't lame frozen veggies. I will caution you though, if you don't like cilatro, don't order this particular dish. I don't think it noted cilatro on the description, and it is garnished with it. I like the fresh taste, so I liked it :)I'm excited to go back and try more things. It's nice inside-- all red with black tables. I don't think they have any out door seating. The food came fast and the servers were nice...the one at the door was also very handsome if anyone cares about that sort of thing ;)
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,6/4/2009,398,476,9,15,9>My friend and I ate here today for lunch after a bit of shopping (keep in mind, I don't make enough money to actually buy anything in Merrick Park, but she does!).  We were seated by the wall, next to a group of women who would be prime candidates if they were to ever make "Desperate Housewives of Miami."To start you off, they bring you a tiny cup of chicken broth and a fantastic, fresh-out-of-the-oven popover with strawberry butter.  This place deserves five stars just for that.  My friend ordered the duck (from the daily specials menu), while I kept it simple with a turkey club.  I will say the prices are pretty reasonable, considering you're eating inside Neiman Marcus, and in Merrick Park.  My turkey club was $13, and came with homemade potato chips. The four parts of the sandwich surrounded a small mixed greens salad, topped with carrots and almonds and tossed in a poppy seed vinaigrette.   The salad was just okay, but the sandwich was delicious.  I could only eat half of it, so I got the rest of it to go. And while I didn't try it, I'd venture to say the duck was good, because she cleaned her plate.My friend was in the mood for something sweet, so we decided to split a dessert.  We were freezing though (bring a light jacket if you're going to sit inside), so we asked if we could have dessert outside. Our waiter was very accommodating and moved us out on the patio.  Having received the infamous Neiman Marcus cookie recipe chain letter quite a while back, I figured they must be pretty good, so we gave them a try.  They are QUITE good.  I don't want to know the calorie content, but they are delicious.  They bring you about 10 of them, so we definitely couldn't eat all of them... they too went in the to go bag.I definitely couldn't afford to come here often, but it was a nice, relaxing lunch and I hope I get the chance to come back sometime :)
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,6/3/2009,268,629,6,7,6>ok so finally went to devitos for a super nice mothers day dinner - my dad took us, thank god bc i wouldve never been able to afford it. thats why the 4 stars vs. 5 - really pricey!! BUT with reason..we started with cocktails while reading over menu. which were excellent. i had the fruit and flower martini which was delicious!!we ordered 3 appetizers - meatball, danny salad, and kobe beef tartare. i cant decide which was better. they were all 3 great but obviously very different. if i had to pick it would be the kobe tartare. the bread "basket" was like nothing ive ever seen before.. came on a wooden block. bread wrapped tightly in foil to keep the amazing garlic butter spread warm and gooey.along side the bread were a few dips (which were unecessary) some meats and bruchetta.entrees- seabass, which i had heard rave reviews about and i thought it was just ok. huge in size but nothing special.filet - which i had heard was just alright and was up to par with any of the best steak houses in miami. grilled to perfection. with great flavor.and the pear tortellini - omg each bite was overwhelming. the explosion of flavors was one of a kind experience.sides- parmesan asparagus - deliciously crunchyand champagne risotto, one of the best risottos ever!!!for dessert - we went simple with the 4 cones of gelatto. the zabaglione was soooo good i wish all 4 cones wouldve had that flavor!!overall i was super impressed with the restaurant! great setting, funky/nice decor. really comfortable seating, huge dining area upstairs and the outside patio is awesome (with mist fans). the unisex common area bathroom was a little weird though.i cannot wait to go back!!
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2008,11/19/2008,45,115,4,4,4>So far, it's my favorite place to go for sushi. I love the food. It's so good, I crave it all the time! They have the best thai food; supposedly by a genuine thai chef. The pad thai  is my favorite! Pricey but huuuuge. I'm always able to take home my left overs and have two meals out of it. The thai egg rolls are also delicious, especially with the sweet and spicy dip that I haven't found anywhere else. The sushi also great. The best.Yes, the wait is a bit long but it's well worth it. I've never had anything less then fresh. Even there 'Very Berry' Juice in freshly made. And sooo delicious it is. The waitresses are all so pleasant and even the manager was so friendly and kind.The complimentary lychee's were great. It was free to try and I got to discover something new at the same time.( Lychee's are like giant grapes with a bit of  a pear flavor, served over ice.) You get it every time with your tab, unless you purchase a dessert. I just love this place!
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2008,11/18/2008,101,196,3,4,4>Seafood lovers in the know go here instead of Joe's Stone Crab, and for good reason.  You can buy the same food for much less money.  Sure, you won't be waited on, but the most important thing is the food.  Also, don't be fooled by the "Take Away" in the name.  There are tables there, so you can eat this wonderful food on the premises, if that is your preference.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,11/17/2008,619,794,8,10,8>Though the appearance of the AA Arena from the outside is a bit unconventional and it's always looked very unfinished to me with windows and signage in seemingly random places, this is an excellent arena for basketball. There's not a bad seat in the place and tickets are very reasonable compared to many basketball arenas around the country. For this season's Heat home opener, we got tickets on the 3rd level along the side of the court for $10 through Ticketmaster (using a promo offer), and one of my friends from out of town said he'd expect to pay $50 or more for the same tickets in his city's NBA arena. Getting into the arena and to where your seats are located is a snap, even when crowds are heavy. The only possible downside about exiting after a game if you don't have good mobility is that security normally tries to force everyone to take stairs down from the upper sections, as the escalators become too crowded. Parking, as was mentioned in other reviews, is really bad for this arena. Expect a long walk and expect to pay an incredible amount of $$ to park in a dodgy lot unless you're a parking pass holder.  This is especially true if it's a weekend game, if they're playing a popular team, or if they're on a winning streak and packing the place. I've been to several basketball games here, but no concerts or other events. I don't know how I'd feel about going to a concert here, as the rake of the seating is quite steep and you'd almost be looking down on the stage from most seats. The acoustics also seem really poor for a concert venue. As a few others have mentioned here, Bank Atlantic arena (home of the Florida Panthers hockey team) is probably a better arena for concerts and other events. For Basketball, the AA Arena is a great fit!
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,11/16/2008,72,96,,5,5>Look: the food and service is 5 star, but the price is high, so I had to downgrade it to a 4 star rating. They greeted us with a 10 year old Balsamic Vinegar dose on a side dish, and then cut fresh Parmesan cheese off a gigantic fresh wedge... perfect match. Then a bread toast with vinaigrette sauce on it. Then a Santa Margarita Pinot Grigio wine bottle, and we were ready to order. We let the chef surprise us with whatever came to his mind, and it did not disappoint. Veal, prawns, fish baked under ocean salt "sand". Delicious indeed. To wrap it up: great location, with a view of the Bay and the Miami river. Nice simple Italian ambiance, good service, fun atmosphere. Recommended! (if you have the cash....)
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,11/15/2008,10,28,4,7,5>Whether you need a special-occasion cake, a ready-made cake or just feel like a delicious quick dessert, this is the place to go.  Conveniently located right across from FIU, this bakery has served my family well for many years.  They made my niece's beautfiul wedding cake, they have made countless birthday/mother's day cakes for us, and whenever I just have to have a taste, I stop by for a slice--they have a cooler packed with ready-to-go slices right by the door.  If you procrastinate and are in a rush, you can also call and have a ready-made cake available in two different styles (balloons or flowers.) They specialize in rum cakes of all flavors--with just the right amount of moistness and creamy frosting that is not too sweet .  Warning:  these cakes are very addictive!Also note that the new name (same management) is Divine Delicacies.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2008,11/12/2008,14,7,3,9,5>A short review yet memorable experience.  The best filet mignon I ever had. The meat was tasty and butter soft.  The wait staff was dedicated yet not stuffy.  They were proud to work there and could answer any and every question about Don Shula's establishments and cuts of beef.For special occasions or Miami Spice only.Get there early for the incredible pool side ocean view;  you won't see it past twilight.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2008,11/11/2008,94,267,8,13,10>here's some first thoughts...holymotherefferadecentlypriceditalianplaceinthedou­bledthatisdeliciousandhealthy!let me clarify. i love my neighborhood. i love the double d. i really do. but this working girl's budget doesn't allow her to eat at michael's, brosia, or domo more than once every few weeks. only with the arrival of the buena vista bistro have i had one of those places where you don't feel bad going to twice in one week. your stomach doesn't feel bad, your wallet doesn't feel bad, and your conscience doesn't feel bad.ok, i'm not trying to mislead you here. fratelli lyon isn't cheap (def not as cheap as the bistro), but $14 for homemade pasta isn't exactly the typical design district pricing either. and at that price and quality, i doubt i'll ever go again to any of my 'usual' italian places on the upper eastside (casa toscana, luna cafe, che sopranos... ok, well maybe that's a lie). each time my girlfriend and i have gone, it's been about $25 total per person and that's with some antipasti to share, our meals, tax and tip. i can do $25.the best part of fratelli lyon though is the food. they are ascribing to the slow food movement, which only means good things for its customers. you can actually read about it even on the front of their menus & website..."At Fratelli Lyon, our mission, public declaration, our manifesto, is to distance ourselves from purveyors of heavily marketed and mass produced food stuffs and their sources. Chef de Cuisine Brian Morales features a traditional Italian menu spanning the regions of Friuli and Piedmont in the north of Sicily, Sardinia and Campania in the south, focusing on using ingredients with integrity and history. Our recipes include Italian DOP cheeses, artisan olive oils, heirloom legumes from Puglia, grass-fed meats, sustainable seafood products, Ad Infinitum. Even baking daily breads, producing fresh pastas and hand-selecting wines from small wineries...Furthermore, in an effort to be environmentally friendly and minimize the effect on the carbon foot print, a water filtration system has been installed that will provide the triple filtered still and sparkling waters that will be the basis for our home-made sodas, beverages, and bottled water. These sound practices eliminate additional wasted glass and plastic bottles and assist us in our efforts to maintain a cleaner environment..."i can easily say that all of the pastas and antipasti i've tried is uber fresh and delicious. the "maccheroni alla bolognese" - fresh past, slowly braised beef & veal ragu is quite possibly one of the best pastas i've had in a long, long time. outstanding (psst, and it's only $14, nice!) my girlfriend is a fratelli convert as well, but claims the pastas are better than the other entrees. i have yet to try.lastly, the interior is great. fratelli is literally located in the driade gallery. so all of the chairs, tables, glasses, silverware, etc are all uber modern. and even more cool... all of it is for sale. yup! go fratelli for fully embracing the concept of the design district, the slow food movement, italian cooking principles, and being eco friendly! never thought i'd say this, but fratelli lyon is a completely guilt-free italian meal.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,11/10/2008,179,117,3,7,7>this is by far the best video store for foreign film lovers...well, I think it's the only one so not much competition there. they have an excellent selection organized by country of origin. it's a small place but you could get lost for hours going through the selection - from the most recent mainstream new releases to the most obscure films you've probably never even heard of. as Liz mentioned in her review the staff is helpful and remarkably knowledgeable and will gladly make recommendations. if you are feeling adventurous in your at-home movie watching or just want to try something a little different, this is definitely the place to go
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2008,11/9/2008,587,1627,3,4,4>I have to say that this is one of my favorite Cuban bakery in Miami even though Versailles may not be my favorite Cuban restaurant. However, the convenience of a relatively good Cuban restaurant next to an awesome bakery is a plus!But again, I stress, the star is the bakery itself. It closes at 10 pm everyday except Friday and Saturday when it closes at 1 am - no other Cuban bakery that I'm aware of stays open this late!The pastelitos de guayaba (guava) is awesome! The sandwiches are good. The prices are great! It's a good place to get a taste of Cuban coffee that is a bargain for out-of-town tourists (who have long been accustomed to Starbuck prices).And for dessert, I keep going back for the chocolate and vanilla mousse (the one with chocolate sprinkles on the side and a top that looks like it is a creme brulee but it's not). It's pure heaven - and I totally recommend people to try that one out! I've also seen the pineapple cream tart being ordered and that looked good.
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2008,11/8/2008,6,21,5,7,6>I work downtown, and this is by far the best value for lunch.  The place is owned and run by Donovan and his wife.  Great people, great service and really awesome food.  The brown stewed chicken with rice & peas, plantains and cabbage is my staple place.  The plate will cost you about $5.50 and is a ton of food.  The chicken is super tender and falls off the bone.  Some of my coworkers have really enjoyed the oxtail (not served every day) and the whole snapper, which is pretty tasty as well. Great place that people seem to forget about.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2008,2/23/2009,115,143,12,14,14>This is the best Argentinian Parrilla style restaurant north of Miami.  It all began with wanting to eat at Emerald Coast, a short walk around their selection and was very disappointing.  In the same strip mall is San Telmo a family ran Steakhouse to make anybody's night memorable.  The meal started with our server, Gustavo, entertaining us with menu's but he gave me a feeling that I should trust him with my selection and I could not have been happier that I made that decision.  We started with a plate of fried cheese accompanied by the house Cabernet, which was very good.  As for our entrees I received a humongous beef rib and was told to just eat it with my hands and my guest had a surf and turf with huge shrimps and fillet mignon.  As our dinner was winding down the live musical entertainment kicked on and we could not have left so we foolishly ordered a 1/2 bottle of La Linda Malbec, which smelled like strawberry shortcake, I say foolishly because we ended up ordering two.  With our wine we had desert of these thin crepe like pancakes ala mode with a little caramelize done at the table.  This is truly as good as it gets, I was taught something very important by Gustavo, a waiter's job is not to ask "what do you want," but "What do you like?"  They know how to make you happy and they will die trying if necessary.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,2/22/2009,48,74,7,10,9>This is the only place in the continental US that I go to get my jibbly bits waxed anymore.  It's nestled in a shopping center by the crossings on 137th Ave, and I swear it's the best kept secret in European waxing in Miami.  Maritza and Miriam are the waxers, Maritza's little sister runs the phones and appointments and i have NEVER had to wait for more than a few minutes with an appointment.  They work fast, painlessly, and have a lot of fun with the clients.  Maritza is always asking the moms about how I'm doing with school and life.  She never forgets a face.  Prices are SUPER competitive, too.  Even when i'm a broke kid, I plan this into my budget.  They've got a discount card that gives you something like 10-30% off after several visits, so make sure to get that stamped.   Try them once, and you'll be a lifer, like me.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2008,2/21/2009,226,251,24,13,16>I love a good dive bar.   To be an authentic good dive bar, said establishment must fulfill the following criteria:* doorman, after some cajoling, letws you in without either the "secret password" or paying the cover ("we just want a drink...we won't stay for the burlesque show...honest!)*latino biker guy offers you his barstool as soon as you walk up to the bar.  He is covered in prison tats but impeccably polite*beer is frosty and cheap*there's a mix of skinny hipster guys growing their first rather comical beard, spaced-out Jamaican guys playing pool, cool friendly girls in all shapes, sizes, colors (not only the ponytail-blonde one-size-fits-all Hollywood screamers), and the above-mentioned bikers*the dj plays a good mix of the Smiths, a-ha, the Cure, and other 80s staples. It would have been great if he threw in some psychobilly and speed metal, but you can't have everything.Churchill's fulfilled all these criteria and more.  Easy parking, great people watching, and the potential for a rumble.  Friendly bartenders give the place an extra boost. Ladies, in the interest of full disclosure: I didn't try the restroom but I'm thinking it's not five star material. Crouching over the toilet is very good for your quads, though, so there is a silver lining even to that little wrinkle.
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,2/20/2009,196,262,3,8,7>As a general rule I try to avoid pretty places in favor for a hole-in-the-wall, I will make an exception for Mr. Yum. It's that good. A little bit of SOBE in the middle of Calle Ocho would be one way to describe this place, it's completely out of place in a neighborhood full of pawn shops and scary looking food markets. I usually don't really rate the service of a place  either, but Mr. Yum makes another exception. The service was awesome!Maybe it was how the chef came out to deliver the complimentary fried wonton topped with tuna and guacamole, maybe it was how the owner took our order and spent the time to tell us about how many of the dishes are recipes from his own mother. Maybe it was just the overall attentiveness that I've come to not expect in this city. But enough about that, onto the food!I decided the Beef Massaman Curry, my friends ordered the Chicken Pad Thai.Before the main entrees came out we were given another surprise, complimentary miso soup. The soup was unlike any other miso soup I've had, it was chock full of stuff and extremely flavorful. I was already loving the place even before I got the rest of my food.Next our entrees came out, A+ for presentation, I had to take a picture (as seen on here)My curry was exactly how massaman curry should be: thick and rich, full of coconut milk goodness. The Pad Thai was equally excellent, chock full of chopped peanuts.The prices were on par with similar places in Miami, like Moon Thai, but excels in quality and service.Don't let the neighborhood scare you, it's well worth the trip.As a side note, Mi Rinconcito Mexicano is next door to here and is another noteworthy place to eat in Miami's food desert, and both have their own private parking lots.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,2/19/2009,20,80,2,10,7>I agree with the other reviewers about the concept of the place. Another nice thing is the free wine tastings they have every week. It's usually Thursdays at 7pm. Just went last night and had the greatest experience with the wine distributor herself explaining me all about her wines from South Africa, Cali, and France. The owner even brought out "pinxos", tapas basically, for us to sample for free along with the wine! I ended up purchasing one of the wiens we had sampled, my favourite out of the 4, at a very fair price.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2008,2/17/2009,19,29,4,12,7>I've been obsessed with Don Burrito for years. It truly is a hidden gem.I always order the Burrito Norteno with chicken and its delish. I love Mexican food and, although im not sure if its authentic Mexican b/c im not Mexican, but its really good Mexican food. Order the Guacamole and the Salsa for the chips...its really tasty. I always end up comparing all the salsas i eat with the one from here. It's too hard to beat as they make it fresh! Word of the warning, it gets really packed on the weekends so make sure you come early or make reservations!
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2008,2/16/2009,1509,3596,6,7,7>chivito -- plate for 1 -- basically an artery clogging, heart attack inducing, plate of meat and fatthis family owned place will make you anything on the spot while you watchthe chivito combines everything from scratch -- frying/heating the bacon, steak, ham, egg, fries, cheese, peppers, onions, olives...very small store front; you almost feel like you have your own personal chef
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,2/15/2009,69,50,4,9,8>One of my favorite affordable places to eat in the Beach. It is family run Venezuelan-Argentinian restaurant that doesn't look like anything special when you are walking by.  I go at least once every couple of weeks when I don't feel like cooking dinner.  There is a TV and when there is a soccer game on it actually gets pretty loud and fun with everyone cheering their team.They have a list of regular specials almost all for under $10. My favorite is their entrana or skirt steak with two side dishes for $8.95. Can't beat that.  Service is always great and friendly.  I love, love their garlic sauce. The Milanesa de carne is also fantastic. So if you're looking for quick, cheap and good place to eat on the beach this is it.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,2/14/2009,14,6,7,8,7>Anything Mark Soyka does, I am a fan of.  Respect.The News is great.  I've spent a good amount of time and money there already.Highlights:- Great Ambience, inside and out.- Interior design, attention to detail, original.- The bathrooms are great, check out the ceilings.- Great Beer Selection- Friendly Bartenders- Excellent outdoor- Great to go for a drink, or with a group of friends and hang outside.- Free Wi-Fi, I've set up a few lunch meetings here in the past and it was great for that sort of thing.- The mirror roomNot so good:- The new summer hours they implemented killed the potential lunch crowd that live in the neighborhood, ie. me.My picks:- Turkey, Brie & Mango on the Baguette, it's off the chain.- The Tiramisu = ACE.- A glass or two of Duvel beer.  Introduced to me by famed Miami Yelper Ramon C. (Who also got me into Yelping)
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,2/13/2009,64,34,10,10,10>This is a fantastic little tavern that gets very crowded. It's an older crowd- the type that might reminisce about their Spanish roots, but If tapas and hanging sausages get you in a Galician mood, you can't do better. The prices are fantastic, (their beers are 2.50, imported go for three bucks), and the portions will make you fully understand why the Spaniards NEED siestas. The menu leans towards fishy stuff, (try the snapper stuffed with shrimps and covered with cheese), and the staff is super friendly, (although admittedly some knowledge of Spanish puts you on their happy list.) My two complaints: they LOVE their garlic so much you think they were actively trying to keep vampires out. Also, NOT a place for salads- although one might as well complain about the lack of mashed potatoes in a Thai restaurant.
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,4/30/2014,119,115,8,19,14>Ordinary is the last word I would use to describe this Brickell gem. I was weary at first to visit having read some reviews about long lines to get drinks & outside patio bars being closed, but I had encountered none of the above. Let me get to the reasons this place is awesome!1) No Door attitude. There was also no cover. I showed my ID, 5 seconds later I'm in & ready to get a drink. So many places are so caught up in image & velvet ropes that they don't realize your doorman is your companies receptionist in a way. He/she is the first person you interact with representing your establishment & if they're a douche, then the first impression has already been tainted before a client even crosses your threshold.2) Good music. The DJ was pretty good & the music was a bit of everything.3) Drinks. I ordered a few beers & cocktails & bartenders were always around when I needed another round. The prices were average, $7 a draft & I think it was $12 for a Blackbird cocktail. They had my favorite beer on tap, Funky Budha Floridian Wheat so that set the tone for a good night.4) Atmosphere was nice. The crowd was a mix of all worlds from the typical Miami club goers  to the bearded bookbag wearing hipster in shorts. The AC was kept nice & cool inside.5) The outside patio & bar offers a nice breath of fresh air when needed.6) No bathroom attendants. Big plus! I know they serve a purpose but I just don't like feeling obligated to give someone $ when I go to the bathroom. The only downside aside from nearby parking would have to be places to sit. There's a few barstools & a small bench or two near the pool table but just about anywhere else was reserved for bottle service. That's pretty typical of most places though so not really a buzzkill.Overall, great little spot in Brickell & I could see myself going back again.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,4/29/2014,201,122,4,11,6>This place was great! I went on recommendation from a coworker. I made reservations for 4 about 2 days in advanced for a Sunday night. I am not sure if that was necessary but I just wanted to be sure we could eat at 8 on the dot. They even called me the day before to confirm my reservation, very professional.The place was packed, lots of people everywhere. It seemed like everybody was enjoying the food and having a good time. This place has a really great vibe.They sat us outside, which was okay I just wish it wasn't so dang hot that night but hey we live in Miami. Each table has a cute little lantern for lighting that you can crank up or turn down if it gets too hot. We ordered the greek and turkish samplers to start. They each bring 4 different dips. Hummus, tzatziki, the like. It comes with tons of little slices of bread perfect for sharing.We also ordered a pitcher of sangria that was super yummy! The pitcher was enough for all 4 of us to have a full glass and maybe a little extra. This sangria was made with white wine and had lots of fruit on the bottom, just the way I like it. I ordered the lamb burger and fries. The burger was pretty delicious, but nothing extraordinary. The fries were tasty and well cooked. I enjoyed my dinner here and would definitely come again. Their menu really intrigued me and if I had been able to spend more (we went right after I had gone Xmas shopping, I was po') I would have ordered a more expensive entree. They had a bunch of options that seemed really appetizing. Oh, and valet was only $3! I only valeted my old Nissan Sentra because I get too nervous when parking alone in that area and having to walk in the dark.... by myself. Valet staff was nice also!
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,4/28/2014,227,165,5,11,7>NPS = 8Really nice place.  Came here after dinner at Baoli since it was right across the street.  The good thing about this place is that you can park on the parking lot on 21st street and be fine getting to this bar.Delancey's has a great vibe to it and the bartenders were good people.  As I was ordering drinks, the bartender gave me some free shots.  Really cool of him to do that.They played the usual type of music, and it reminded me of Purdy Lounge (but a lot cleaner).  You will come out of this place smelling like a cigarette, but after a night of drinking, do you really care?There is no cover to be paid which is great.  The drink prices are expensive, but then again you are in a premium beach location.  Also, when you come into the bar you walk down several stairs which give this place like a nice, secret hideout feel.If you're in the area, I recommend checking this place out.  Grab some drinks with friends, dance, hang out, and have a great time.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,4/27/2014,619,794,26,40,28>YES!  Miami once again has a fully nude male strip club, following last year's sudden exodus of Swinging Richards from Aventura!!  The Floppy Rooster is located in the same building as a gentleman's club called Vivid Live, not far off the 826 just below Hialeah.  A few of us came here late on a Friday night to check it out. It was $5 to park, and once you pay the parking attendants in front of Vivid, you go around the back side of this building where you'll find an entrance with a round logo of a rooster above it.  You've arrived at The Floppy Rooster!There was a doorman there ensuring we'd gone to the right club and weren't actually looking for Vivid instead (a wise idea, 'cause if you'd arrived looking for the ladies at Vivid and walked in this entrance by mistake, you'd be in for a shock!  Lol), and inside there was a cashier who charged a $10 entry fee/cover charge, but in exchange, she gave us 10 dollars in "funny money" (called "Cock Cash" at this establishment) which can be used to tip the dancers, but not to purchase alcohol or food.  This is actually a pretty ingenious idea, as the patrons get something in exchange for the cover they paid, the dancers are assured of making some $$, and this causes people to start tipping the dancers, as that's the only purpose the "Cock Cash" can be used for.  Drinks are moderately priced, Corona bottles were $6 each.Inside, this place isn't huge; There's one large octagonal shaped stage in the middle of the room with a floor to ceiling brass pole that's about 2 storeys tall, with only a few feet to walk or stand around each side of the stage before you'll run into the bar on one side, or a few sets of VIP seats with bottle service on the other.  Most all the patrons here must stand, as there are only about 1/2 dozen seats just inside the entrance unless you spring for VIP.  On the night we were here they had 3 strippers performing at the same time for 3 songs each, and just over an hour after our arrival we'd seen all of them and they were starting back through the "lineup" of dancers once again.  I must say the DJ/MC was really good on the night we came.The dancers/models here ran the gamut, as did the sizes of their "roosters" which ranged from average to incredibly impressive; in general there were more Latino models and perhaps more tattooed and urban looking talent working here than you'll see at other similar clubs.  Most of the models were decent dancers and knew how to move (as opposed to the "talent" at one other area male strip club) and a few really knew how to work the dancer pole, including one who would spin all the way to the top a few storeys above the stage, expose his large, glistening and well oiled "rooster", and slide back down.  He was tipped heavily!  They have a large video projection wall behind the stage and a few screens around this place showing nude photo shoots and some soft-core stuff.  They also had a moderately priced food menu that was advertised on a screen behind the bar, but we didn't try any.In all, I'm a fan of this place, and as I said before, it's great to have a male strip club back in Miami, so kudos to the owners and management for that!  It'd be nice if this place was a bit larger and if they'd have more seating around the stage.  We came here just about 2 weeks after The Floppy Rooster had opened and it wasn't so full that it felt overcrowded or packed, but then again, we didn't arrive until about 2 a.m. on a Friday night.For now, this place is open Thu-Sat., supposedly 'till 5 a.m., but on this Friday night, shortly after 3 o'clock most of the dancers were walking through the club fully clothed with their gym bags over their shoulders and heading to the exit, though there were still a few dozen patrons in the place.
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,4/26/2014,620,350,5,10,5>Being relatively new to Israeli food. Etzel Itzik fast-forwarded my n00bness to full on obsession.I walked into this semi-hole in the wall for lunch, looking for something quick and simple. Perhaps a falafel sandwich, maybe a side of hummus, whatever. My taste buds were on a mission for some Middle Eastern love.We sat down and got table service here, not sure if this is a pick-up-and-go kind of spot. But regardless, it's worth sitting down for the experience. It's really hustle and bustle during lunch time - Etzel Itzik draws a pretty big weekday lunch crowd, yet we still didn't have to wait for a table.The pre-meal appetizer is standard for everyone - they'll bring you a few small plates of pickled veggies, chickpeas, coleslaw, and some pita to whet your appetite before you order. The menu was a nice surprise - no need to go for the standard Middle Eastern fare (schwarma sandwiches, falafel, etc.) - I was able to order other fun things I hadn't experienced before.My dish was a winner, consider it beginner's luck. I ordered the Sabich platter which came with fried eggplant, hummus, hardboiled egg, Israeli salad, tahini sauce and some MAGICAL curry-flavored sauce. I have no idea what it is, but someone needs to tell me so I can keep a jar at home.Prices are super reasonable for lunch given the festival of flavors you'll have here. New favorite lunch spot.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,4/25/2014,131,121,9,14,9>As soon as I saw the exterior of the restaurant, I told my boyfriend "Look, this place looks promising, let's eat here". Best decision of the night. From the second we walked in, the owner greeted us & quickly explained the concept. I ordered like everything on the menu because I was starving and cold. I love their menu. As soon as I read through the appetizers, salads and main entrees, I had a smile on my face from ear to ear. Everywhere I go, I'm a pain in the ass. My foods never cooked right, or I want this sauce, or sub these ingredients for this & make sure there's no spice, etc. I LOVE this restaurant. If I could make any suggestions, it would be the pomegranate drink (I tried 2 others & this is it!) DEFINITELY the Quinoa fritter things, SEABASS!, & you better save room for desert. What mattered most to me was that I didn't feel like I had to nag or complain which is what I usually do at most restaurants. I ate here last night & I just woke up thinking of the food, wondering if they serve brunch... Who does that? A true shortrib aficionado!I'm texting all my friends demanding messages to come here & try it out. If this place gave us phenomenal service on one of the busiest nights in the restaurant industry then I look forward to coming again & again & again Plus, the owners some cute French Guy who is beyond sweet #Love
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,4/24/2014,141,128,7,9,8>I have literally been walking passed Otentic  for over a year. It's always crowded and the reviews are promising. And each time I walk by, I think to myself, 'Remember to eat here next week, don't forget!' But of course, I always do. So, this past Valentines Day, my boyfriend and I finally made a reservation! To our surprise, it was a bit slow considering it was VDay (and a Friday) evening. Also, the service was a bit odd. Odd meaning that we started with one server, who seemed irritated when we didn't order the appetizers he suggested. Then all of a sudden, he disappeared and a new server emerged who continued to serve us for the duration of our meal. Neither of which introduced themselves. But, c'est la (Miami) vie. I WAS impressed when they brought us complimentary 'shots' of white wine as we were seated, followed by an olive tapenade served with toasted baguette. That was a nice touch. The flavor of the tapenade was familiar and robust. It reminded me of a sun-dried tomato pesto blended with fresh picked Italian olives. And because I so enjoy my adult bevvys, we also indulged in some of their signature cocktails....The Marquisette: white wine, lemon syrup and fresh fruit (lemon and orange). Very refreshing! The perfect balance of tart and sweet. The Monaco: beer, lemonade and fresh syrup. Tasted exactly like its description.... Beer flavored lemonade. Yum!Duck Terrine Appetizer: Served cold, which I wasn't expecting. It was sliced like a meatloaf and accompanied with cornichons, mustard, baguette & an arugula salad. Not my favorite of the evening. For entrées, we opted for the blackboard chef specials-Steak Maurice: Ribeye cooked medium rare, their famous potatoes au gratin, asparagus, with a savory, earthy mushroom sauce. Scallops: crisp and caramelized on the outside and melt in your mouth smooth as you bite into them. I wanted more! Served over a bed of nutty couscous and a classic ratatouille blend. Again, very robust, fresh flavors. We ended the evening with house-made crepes. Our choice of toppings: whipped cream and fresh strawberries. Everything we ordered was well- seasoned flavorful, and offered nice textural contrasts. Lustful and filling. The name of this place is spot on. Otentic *Fresh* Food Restaurant is exactly that. Classic French fare made with the freshest ingredients. French wine and beer. French music (Edith Piaf) playing in the background. French speaking employees. It's a little piece of Paris tucked into a little bistro on Washington Ave. 4 stars for ambiance and flavor!
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/23/2014,227,222,11,11,10>I entered December 2013 with two pairs of shoes: all-black Chucks with holes in the canvas (so that my pinky toe poked through) and grey-and-white Chucks with holes in the soles (so that rainy days always meant wet socks).That's how best to describe Gramps: old Chucks riddled with holes and a pair of wet socks.Is that a good thing? The answer, unequivocally, is yes. And there's no debate. If you answered no, just stop reading. Leave. Get out. Go home to your cotton Dockers.Gramps is the anti-bar. Wait, that's wrong.MOST EVERYTHING ELSE in Miami is the anti-bar.Gramps is everything you could ever want from a neighborhood bar: dank, dirty, cheap, smoke-filled, adorned by management like a garage band's rehearsal space (i.e. a garage), and patronized by people who really just don't care. Why is this important? Because if you're going to your neighborhood bar, the last thing you want to worry about is being under-dressed and over-scrutinized.What you want is to have a good time. What you NEED is to do so without being made to think about it.And yes, I know these aren't the eighties. I know that we're plagued by over-thinking and the nuisance of emotion and the ennui of millennial living.But please. Please. Turn it off every now and then. Order a beer and a shot for eight bucks. Smoke a cigarette, toss the butt, and don't think twice about how long it might take to biodegrade.You deserve the break. And so do the rest of us.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,4/22/2014,275,141,13,28,19>You have Cuban, Haitian and Jamaican restaurants that flood the South Florida market, however there are not too many Bahamian restaurants in South FL.Here we introduce Conch Heaven (formerly known as Goldie's) which has amazing fried seafood. This restaurant has plenty of indoor seating and is located directly across Miami Dade's community college. Upon entering you will notice two doors, one for access to the dining room and the other which is a bar area. You must go to the bar area to order your food. I must admit that the bar area is small but there is a TV so that you can watch popular sport events.I ordered cracked (fried) conch and cracked (fried) lobster. I also had conch fritters with potato salad, mac n cheese and goombay soda (a Bahamian soft drink). The conch here is fresh and is the real deal. Tender and not chewy. The highlight for me though was the cracked lobster, never have I had such flavorful and crispy lobster, I also loved the potato salad which had red pepper to give it a little kick.This is a must try if your into Carribean foods!
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,4/21/2014,52,182,5,14,10>The wife and I were curious when we learned about an event at the site of former Homestead Harvest farmer's market, since we had heard it had closed. When we arrived, it was hopping. I tracked down the project director who let me know that it was the same project and grant as previously, but now under the auspices of the Urban Oasis Project. The market is a worthy project -- and quite charming. In fact, it has a lot of the same virtues as its previous incarnation:It's a really nice little organic local source movement farmer's market designed to give lower income communities access to self-grown, organic healthy foods and a variety of veggies and products such as honey, beef etc.The facility is immaculate, and the surroundings are very pleasant.As before, they have an educational element -- such as running cooking and nutrition classes -- that highlight many of the more unusual ingredients or produce. This time when we were there, they were showing how to make raw food cacao (chocolate) ice cream and candy that is actually healthy. The demo took place in the small cafe that during their normal business hours serves healthy foods.I noticed some changes had been made, and asked the director about them. I agreed with her that these that make the project more "viable" for the local community -- as these were issues that we had noted, on our previous visits, would be problematic if the intent were to serve nearby low-income communities.1. The hours are expanded. Reviews of the previous iteration were often frustrated by the short and infrequent hours. Now, they are open Thursday - Saturday 11am - 5pm.2. Selection of items focuses less on exotic gourmet spices, unpasteurized expensive dairy, etc. -- and more toward healthy veggies and fruits that local residents actually use and are familiar with (while still being all organic and grown on their farm). The items available are also great for people who want local sourced chemical-free ingredients.3. Prices are better. Previously, the prices were beyond that of even expensive markets such as Whole Foods -- which is fine for some, but not a viable alternative to local, expensive "convenience mart" shopping for lower income communities. We checked the prices and they were indeed competitive or in some cases lower than the local chain grocery.4. They've revised their farm from a pure "forest agriculture" model -- which is ideal but not able to produce sufficient product for an ongoingly open farmer's market -- to a commercial style but still natural/organic farm run by local community members.It's a great project, and I hope the new changes help make it viable for both the immediate community and for residents of South Florida in general to have yet another option for organic, local clean and forward-thinking farmer's markets. Great projects and ideas tend to fizzle in Homestead, so let's hope this is the exception.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2010,8/20/2010,147,180,6,7,9>How have I never eaten here before? No, seriously? In an attempt to stay off the main drags of South beach for traffic purposes this past Memorial Day weekend, we headed to Norman's after a day in the sun. And what a pleasant surprise. First, they don't care if you dine in whatever you just washed up off the beach in. Awesome. Next, they have outdoor seating so you can continue your romp in the sun and gorge yourself at the same time. Third, it's kid-friendly. Yeah! (That means they have a kid's menu, crayons and a coloring book.) I got a big old honking grilled cheese on chibata. And it was amaze. They seal the cheese on the sammy, making this awesome crust, so the cheese stays put. Brilliant. Hubby couldn't stop raving about the onion rings and his burger. And my daughter was in heaven (as were the rest of us) with the chocolate cake for dessert. Seriously, that cake was too good to be true, and I don't even really like cake, so that's saying a lot. I think this is going to be my new post-beach spot.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,8/18/2010,7,113,4,5,6>Sergio's has won my heart back.First of all, Sergio's catered my New Years party and delivered on every promise!  The food was delicious and the portions were ginormous.  I ordered food for 70 people, and there was enough food served to feed 100.  Price?  Hundreds of dollars less than anyone else I could find and almost no one would deliver on New Year's eve except Sergio's.  Second, feeling good about Sergio's, I had breakfast there on Saturday and it brought back memories of the days when Sergio's served  great greasy portions and cost almost nothing.  I gave Sergio's a second chance and it showed me who my comfort food daddy is.  I think the bad times were a phase or maybe a figment of my imagination or a little of both.  Who cares.  Sergio's is back!
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,8/17/2010,490,388,3,9,5>I have been recommending Tropical Chinese for a long time now, and just realised today that I had never reviewed it. While their food during dinner hours is nice, the best time to visit Tropical is during weekend lunches, when the dim sum carts are out. I have been learning mandarin chinese, so it is always fun to try and talk to the servers. The cart servers are always fantastic, and eager to explain the different items in their cart. My favourite cart-lady always teaches us both the english and chinese names for the items...a lot of fun! The other service is normally a little slow, waiting for drinks or the bill, but we have never had a major problem. However, the real reason to visit Tropical is the taste and quality of their dim sum. Everything is always extremely fresh, and it's always better when the restaurant is at it's fullest (more turnover). If you are a dim sum virgin, make sure to take a picture menu with you from the entrance. They are located on the table with the wheat grass next to the front door, and have pictures with English/Chinese descriptions. My husband and I normally order about 6-7 small or medium plates to share, and the bill is normally about $45-$50 including tip, which we find to be a bargain for the experience. We love coming here on Sunday afternoons, when the restaurant is packed. It just makes for a more enjoyable experience. We have come right as they opened on a Saturday, however the carts really bombard you too quickly when there is only a couple of tables in the restaurant. For a great dim sum experience, Tropical Chinese is definitely a restaurant that cannot be missed. I am a huge fan!
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2010,8/15/2010,315,122,5,7,5>This restaurant is like an upscale "Sugarcane." Service was great. Yes... they really do have a sake somellier. The menu is not very extensive but aims to please. Definitely try a few things from all 3 pages (as per their recommendation). Best dishes in no particular order were the grilled Japanese eggplant, grilled asparagus, ikura, and fatty tuna (O toro) with the hand shaved salt from the Himalayas. The miso soup was really good (they offer one with lobster if you want to splurge). The robata grill is awesome and gives food a really unique flavor. We had a sake recommended from the lovely somellier which I loved and my wife said was ok because it had a licorice and anise finish. They have over 4 pages of sakes to choose from including the large format bottles. Stephen the manager is awesome. They are working out kinks now but the few suggestions I gave he was really receptive too. Why 4 instead of 5 stars? The price rivals Nobu. Dinner for 2 was almost $300. Plus the valet took 15 minutes to bring us our car at the end of the night. Will I return....? Probably but hopefully with a group.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,8/14/2010,229,492,8,9,8>If you haven't been here already, you should definitely check Titanic out. What makes this place unlike any ordinary dive bar is the food. It has excellent food. The best po-boys I've had in Miami, and I've tried alot. And those fish & chips, I'm convinced that even in England they can't get any better. By the way, this place is probably 75% University of Miami alums & students and about 25% usuals or locals. So get ready to get your Hurricane spirit on! No Gators allowed! What impresses me is that Titanic makes their own beer. You can see that from the second you walk into their dark, wooden seating area and they have the large tanks of beer-making machines. And not only do they make beer, they are pretty spot on with some of their cajun creations. The remoulade sauce is almost identical and technically a rarity in Miami. Oh and they actually have crawfish in their conch fritters! The service was a little spotty and left us hanging a little here and there at times but the food definitely overcompensates.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,8/13/2010,110,113,11,11,12>We stumbled in here Friday night and our stumbling led us to a jack pot.  The News Lounge was a great way to end our evening.  They have seating everywhere and special sections that can provide you with a more intimate and quiet setting.  They have an open patio with tables, chairs, and swings.  The swings are a nice touch.  The last time I sat on a swing at a Lounge/restaurant was at Touch.  And that was a long time ago.  The evening was perfect for swinging.  The crowd was mellow and everyone kept to them selves enjoying the soothing music and cool night.  Getting a drink at the bar was not a mission.  That is always a plus.  This is going to become a favorite spot for me.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,8/12/2010,255,530,10,10,7>I've often driven by the fish shack when coming home from work, but never wanted to venture in there, the area looked seedy, from 7 Sea's Bar, which was once a fish market, but now it looks like a movie set for a movie about the barrio! And, of course there is your obligatory triple XXX rated porn shop (I'm not making this up!), right next to it. I don't even want to picture it what a fish monger might do.Back to the Shack. I was waiting for my G/F to finish at the Biltmore spa, a lesson in futility, this could take years. My neighbor at the Biltmore pool lit up her third consecutive cigarette, and hanging out at the pool, just was getting to noxious (ingrate BI-ATCH). I decided a nice healthy fennel crusted grilled salmon w/baby greens salad would be a great thing to make for a late lunch, I just needed a salmon. Typically I would go to Norman's, Fresh Market, or Whole Foods, for my fish experience. These places were all to far for now, then I remembered that fish market I used to pass.Off to the seedy area of the Gables and off to the Fish Shack. My mind raced when I went in there "A salmon and a prostitute please". No not really, "My Glock 35 had only three left in the magazine and one in the pipe, Pedro the fish monger's chest heaved and his teeth were clenched". Ok my imagination is smoking right now.The Fish Shack and Market is the cleanest facility and just a plain clean facility in the area, it does not smell of fish, the oder is the ocean. The tables are clean and they have customers. I instantly liked this place. It was like old Miami. Restaurant with Fish Market what a novel approach, and they seemed genuinely nice, a tear came to my eye!The gentleman behind the counter was just a terrific business, he had an excellent selection of fish. Not as vast as Captain's Tavern, but at Captain's Tavern there is a sign that say's no cell phone use in the store (I'm sorry life is so tough for you, the Pinecrest residents must be beside them selves!) So Captain's Tavern has a great selection, but I often wondered what type of violence will befall me if my cell phone rings! Oh by the way it is a real sign. At the Fish Shack, the fish monger there gave me samples of smoked fish spread (hhuuuuhh) some explanation of what he had. Then I spotted the biggest damn shrimp I've ever seen, nuclear shrimp. I want those.My new fish monger friend said if I grill them it would be easier to handle if he splits them and cleans them. I also ordered a 4 inch hunk of salmon too. he came out with the salmon and allowed me to inspect it, nice, very nice, and then picked out six of these mammoth shrimp. he had both prepared ponto. My new fish monger packed them in ice, and I was set.I was so pleased at the businesses friendly attitude, they were professional, and ran a clean floor. everyone there was helpful, and when i went home and grilled those bad boy's up, of course it came out excellent, but the salmon was fresh, very fresh, and so were the monster shrimp. Also these shrimp tasted clean and had flavor, something that lacks in restaurant quality shrimp.I say go there by some shrimp, put them on the Barbie, or what ever her name will be! Now I can't wait to go there for dinner. I'll Yelp that one too!
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2009,8/11/2010,34,306,4,8,9>First of all I love the bath club. I love how the entrance, courtyard and the ballroom always transport me to a happy place. It reminds me of what Miami must have been in its heyday. The Cape Cod Room is tastefully decorated and the menu reflects New England cuisine obviously. The food and even the desserts were wonderful. The lobster roll appetizer was out of this world. The oysters were fresh and sweet but the cocktail sauce lacked punch and needed more horseradish which they brought us willingly. The main courses did not disappoint. My lobster macaroni and cheese was amazing and a very large portion. The lobster pot pie smelled  heavenly. Everyone at the table begged for a piece and he graciously  gave all of us a piece. The crust was unbelievably buttery and crispy. The sauce was just perfection. As for dessert as cristina o mentioned the shortbread with lemon curd was the standout. The cookies were soft, buttery, and sweet which complemented the lemon curd so well.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,8/10/2010,133,114,10,11,12>The idea that any business which is able to afford rent at 1111 Lincoln Road could call itself a "shack" is silly, but we'll forgive the Shake Shack on this one.Having already known the product from the location on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, I was excited to see that the Shake Shack's virginal voyage outside of NYC was right here to Miami, at 1111 Lincoln Road. I thought this was a good omen, as 1111 is tattooed on my left forearm. (my lucky number).My luck didn't fail me on my first visit to this new addition to the mania of Lincoln Rd. A good buddy and I decided to kick off our weekend with a burger and fries. As it seems to often go with eateries which have a menu built around a popular fundamental (hot dogs, burgers, french fries) it's usually safest to keep it simple. There are extensive toppings and flavors of shake to be had here. (however, not one single strip of bacon in the joint...I guess they thought South Beach had enough bacon strips running around, given the Brazilian wax parlors on every block).We both opted for the Shack burger, which was your standard burger with onions, pickles, "shacksauce" (fine, nothing special) and cheese. I asked for extra cheese. The pickles are exceptional, too, as far as burger toppings go- crisp and not too tart.  The Shack serves up pretty tasty, crinkle cut fries. (think 1979 TV dinner, but crispy). On this occasion our burgers were piping hot, fresh and very satisfying, especially the unusually soft and chewy bun which apparently was there to sop up the grease (delicious) from my burger.As far as the wet stuff goes, I chose to get a shake made with the custard flavor of the day. In addition to their standard ice cream choices, there's a different custard each day. On the day of our visit, it was "Mud Pie". Talk about being a fatty, I devoured it in about 20 seconds.  My pal had the "ShackMeister" ale and it was very refreshing, cold and drinkable. Gotta love fast food with a draft beer option. The website offers a regularly updated listing of the custard flavors, and at least at the NYC locations, a webcam so you can check out the wait!The South Beach Shake Shack is offering a special on parking for the Summer of 2010. If you park at the brand new lot, also at 1111 Lincoln (enter on Alton), Shake Shack will give you a $2 discount on your parking. This lot has such an unusually modern layout that i recommend it just for the experience. For a split second, I thought I was docking my Del Sol onto the Millennium Falcon.Although Five Guys still holds the burger gold medal in my book, (with Govind Armstrong's  8oz Burger on Alton Road in the wings) I strongly recommend a visit to the Shack and hope you'll consider having the beer. It's well worth it, and the fatty goodness of these burgers might just put a little more shake in your shack.And by shake I mean junk, and by shack I mean trunk.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,8/9/2010,471,255,19,22,17>Yo this place is rockin'... I had wanted to check it out for a while and had no idea is was conveniently located in my usual trail from drum circle1st Awesome Fact:  the public parking lot next to it stops charging at 6pm every day... Woot! free parking alert. 2nd Awesome Fact :  the vibe is super chill and relaxed considering its essentially an apartment complexes' pool. If I lived there, I'd have a pretty legit excuse to be drunk every night. Next time I'm bringing nicer underwear, because I can totally see myself having a night swim or two after beer sampling.3rd Awesome Fact: DEAD GUY ON TAP... 'nuff said.4th Awesome Fact: who would've thought that they'd have a menu, and a really tasty one at that... my partner and I were attempting to be healthy and shared their Greek salad and I kid you not it was one of the best Greek salads I've had in a while. The fries are also to die for and the pizza looked pretty delish. Brownie points!5th Awesome Fact: The staff is freakin' hilarious, you can tell they like to enjoy life and have fun with their customers. Everyone from our server, to the bar tender to the chef, were such a blast to hang out with last night... how can it be more enjoyable?? I cant see how
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,7/17/2011,587,1627,7,11,7>I like Clos. I really do.I don't know if it's because of the food, the ambience, or the friendly staff I get (or maybe I was being friendly to them too?)But I've been here a few times already - The hot entrees seem to be popular here, and for a good reason. I had the tri-tip hot entree and I found it tasty and filling with my sides of vegetables and a salad. A perfect and large meal for $10. They usually have at least 3 options for a hot entree at a time.The empanadas ($1.75 each) were good too - not the best though. And they have all the types of empanadas you can imagine. The pastries (facturas) are not the best either. They do satisfy my need for a fix though, whenever I'm in a mood for them. Of the facturas, get the medialunas or the small croissants with powdered sugar on top - as they're my favorite of their facturas. They're flakey, crispy on the outside, not overly sweet, and with a good dollop of baker's cream (crema pastelera) on top (if not, just ask for it). I also have come here for breakfast and I've enjoyed it. I've found this place to have good coffee ($2.50 cappuccino) and wholesome omelettes ($3.99 spinach and cheese) where they don't skimp on the ingredients at all.I would come back for these Argentine continental-style comfort foods.
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,7/16/2011,437,438,10,15,13>I always think South Beach salons are going to be snooty and pretentious, and that I'll feel totally out of place. The ladies at Safar make you feel right at home, and my experience there was just what I needed after a really hectic day. I bought a certificate on a coupon site for a mani/pedi and called to make my appointment a few days before. They were able to fit me in at the time I wanted which was great because I was going out of town the next day so my schedule was tight. I was greeted warmly when I walked in and offered something to drink several times while I was there. Everyone was so friendly and accommodating. Jennifer did my mani/pedi, and she really took her time to make sure it was done right. My nails and toes looked amazing. I love that she rubbed tea tree oil on my nail beds. Definitely one of the best smells ever. My favorite part had to be the pedicure. She put flowers in the water and used a scrub that smelled fantastic. Don't expect quick, careless, wham bam thank you ma'am service here. She took her time, and it really showed. I felt amazing when I left. She had a great disposition too, and we chatted the whole time. Overall, I had a great experience at Safar, and I'll definitely be back, especially for another pedicure!
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,7/15/2011,150,71,24,14,15>OH YEAH!! Or more like OUCH WTF lol Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm going to get to the review but you need some history first. Have you ever had a wax before? A serious waxing and your eyebrows, upper lip and chin don't count (pansy). I'm talking about getting a waxing where you know if this doesn't happen right, you'll never go again. A waxing where the Waxnician (my new word don't use it), has to get so close, you might as well do a gyno visit?? YEP!! You know the area I'm talking about.. Your naturally grown Chia pet... your broccoli in a lap basket..your hairy scary Mary.. (you get my drift) So I went to A Busted Business (ABB) with high expectations.. Ok I'm lying. Honestly, I was just hoping I didn't cry or just get off the table before the Waxnician finished. So ANYWAY, the person at the front desk pointed me out to a young Latin woman, who told me to go into the room and take off my clothes (Help me Lawd). So I go in, I lay down and I immediately start throwing jokes. I mean like seriously other than my mom and doctor, this is the only other woman who has been blessed with the opportunity to encounter the PLATINUMIZED goodies! So I have to make her comfortable. lol (I saw you roll your eyes) So blah blah blah, we're chatting and laughing and she's dusting me down powder and every things cool. Even when she put on the wax we were still cool..Oh but when Laura went to pull it off.....AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH­HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH­HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH­HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH­HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH­HHHHHHHHHHHHH (deep breath) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA­AAAAA.. then nothing! She stopped the pain! She's like a Latin Yoda! Magical hands that can bring and stop pain all in a few seconds! So what I started out sounding like a Street Fighter sound track.. By the time I walked out I was a smooth hair-free PLATINUMIZED Goddess AND I didn't cry! That was the last time I stepped into ABB BUUUUT It wasn't the last time for my Waxnician! LADIES and GENTLEMEN I PRESENT TO YOU... THE ONE... THE ONLY (seriously she is the only) LAAAAAURAAAAAA!! Let's give her an Arsenio Hall welcome!! Whoo whoo whoo!!! OMG! Laura now has her OWN spot! My precious Yelpites, Wax and Tan is now my official waxing joint! I don't care if Laura moved to the back of a truck with that blue hurricane tarp on top, I'm there! I'm happy to say though, she is located right on Biscayne and 76st next to another OMG yelp.com/biz/a-kinky-thi… My Dread Shop! Its a 2-n-1 blessing! I love Wax and Tan! The office has a friendly vibe, with Pandora blasting and eccentric colors AND the prices posted on the wall! No wondering if you're being charged more, just cause you have a little/LOT more hair! Everything is listed. I fall in love with business's such as this. Fully professional, yet still possess the capability of being welcoming and down to earth. I'm so happy I went to ABB! Cause if I didn't go there, I would have never met Laura and moved with her to WAX and TAN!
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,7/14/2011,290,370,2,17,11>If I could move into this store I would. What's not to love about Sur La Table? They have everything imaginable for those who love cooking, baking and entertaining. Sure it's like Williams Sonoma but (in my opinion) better because it's more laid back, plus the prices are less expensive. Prime example: I've been in the market for a quality cast iron skillet and found the exact same one for less than I did at Williams Sonoma earlier that day.This store, although seems a bit smaller than I would like, is chock full of the coolest items. Everything from high end cooking oils and hard to find ingredients, to a rotating collection of cookie cutters!! I already know I have to go back and buy a few dinosaur shapes for when my nephew visits. Stegosaurus cookies? I got this. But the major selling point for me about this store is that they also have a Nespresso Cafe/store inside! We've taken a few trips down to the South Beach store, and it's always nice, but when you live with an espresso addict like I do, having instant inventory close by is a *must.* And the girl behind the counter was so pleasant - she even informed us of red velvet cake samples that were at the front counter. If you happen to find yourself in the Aventura mall and enjoy kitchen gadgets and other food-related trinkets, definitely make your way into this store. Though I can't guarantee you won't want to buy everything under the roof.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,7/13/2011,180,262,9,7,8>As a little girl growing up in Miami, I learned about the Versailles on Calle Ocho before I learned about the Versailles in Paris.  It's just the kind of place you grow up knowing about... it's always been a part of my life.  It's the place where Abuelos (mine included) solve Cuba's problems at the coffee counter outside.  It's the place my friends go to for a late night snack after concerts.  It's the place where I take my out-of-town friends looking for a taste of Miami cuban food.  And it's the place you go when you want to feel like home (even tho this home is a room filled with mirrors and cheesy decorations)Sunday morning breakfast here is easy and relaxing.  There's plenty of people watching, and good food at good prices.  Sunday AM buffett is under $10 and it includes breakfast and lunch foods.  If you're in the mood to pile your plate with picadillo, croquetas, huevo fritos, chicken salad and churros... this is the place for you.  There's also plenty of a la carte breakfast choices for the people with a smaller appetite.  Regardless of what you order, don't forget cuban tostada and cafe con leche (and if you grew up cuban,  you know to dip the bread in the coffee!)
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,7/11/2011,352,828,8,16,14>One of the Best Cup of Coffees in South Florida. You must try a cup of their Freshly Roasted Coffee. Eternity Coffee is one of the first Micro Roasteries in South Florida and uses the "one cup at a time" pour over method that is popular on the West Coast. Their beans are roasted on the premises using the Roaster in the front of the store. I've read about these Coffee Micro Roasteries but have never tried a cup so I was anxious to check out Eternity Coffee Roasters. I am fanatical about coffee and am always on the hunt for the perfect cup of coffee as well as a source to buy Coffee Beans. After consulting with one of their Baristas, I ordered a cup of their El Boton (Blue Berry, Red Fruit, Milk Chocolate). They have four Coffees that the beans are grown in Columbia on one of the owner's family's farms. They also have an Ethiopia and a Kenya Blend. The Barista brewed my cup of coffee right in front of me with a Single Cup Pour over Filter and a pot of piping hot water at 210 degrees.  Wow, it was a very smooth, non-acidic, and great tasting cup of coffee (I never put sugar or cream in my coffee).  According to their owner and Coffee Barista Chris Johnson, they evaluate coffee based on dry fragrance, wet aroma, taste, acidity, mouth feel and after taste. I've seen a few websites that evaluate coffee like fine wines, but never taken the time to dig much deeper than that.Eternity Coffee also serves of Italian Espresso and Lattes. I can't wait to go back to try some of those as well as their other Columbian Coffee Blends. There is a long European Style Couch along with a few tables and chairs inside. They also have free Wi-Fi. They accept VISA and MC (no AMEX).
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,7/10/2011,675,517,6,9,10>visited this place last night for a tribute concert of one of my fave Spanish rock bands Soda Stereo. The place brings back memories since I practically used to live here when it was the old Sr Frogs, long time ago. We snatched a nice table close to the stage, the band was amazing! . To our luck we got there before 10pm and were able to get the 2x1 drink specials and our waiter hooked us up! Appetizers were half off, so we ordered the nachos and a platter that included potatoes, arepas, some kinda of meat and empanadas. The staff is very nice and attentive. Only minus is that the tables were so close to each other there wasn't a lot of space to dance.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,7/9/2011,749,521,20,18,19>Jimbos is an institution. This I know because it was a place I heard about and visited in my first year moving here to Miami and 14 years later amid much controversy and hoopla, the place is still here, albeit a little less bright and colorful but still exuding the power of hippiness (no, not hipness- PURE hippiness a la Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band and Woodstock). I've been to Jimbo's on and off over the years but as you gain material things in your life // like kids// the likes of Jimbo's is suddenly taken offa your socializing route and is replaced by the likes of Chuck E Cheese and Boomers, and I am sure there are some among us that would say that the mentality of the clientele aren't that far removed from each other. A couple of years into Yelp and still with no valid excuse for a recent Jimbo's fix I scored with a visit from two fucking SUPER elites, my sister Edel N from Dublin, Ireland. and superstar Mick T. from Boston who first introduced me to Yelp. We were there for the May 21, 2011 apocalypse. How freakin cool is that?????? Still with the going into the shack to get your $2 can of beer. Still with the port-a-potty bathrooms. Still with the bocce ball. Still with the tourists and their model girfriends coming in and with their four inch high heels and EWWWW faces which make me nearly pee myself laughing //didn't you Yelp it first byatch???// Giggles and schniggles and "Burning Down the House" blasting from the speakers from a random abandoned school bus. Jimbo's. You either love it or hate it. You KNOW this is a 100% dive bar ///LOOOOVE/// on my list. Long Live Jimbo's Place
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,7/8/2011,233,409,7,8,7>I love the word MOFONGO. It really is a fun word to say.  It could be the tri-syllable assonance that appeals to me.  Or it really could be that it has the word MOFO in it.  Either way it's a great word.  However, I like eating MOFONGO even more than I like saying it.  Jimmy'z Kitchen has GREAT mofongo.  They have many mofongos here, but I stuck to the traditional pork variety.  The plantains were moist, the pork was juicy and delicious, and of course the mojo sauce was to die for.  I'd have to say that this mofongo is as good as some I have had while in San Juan.My wife ordered the Chicken Portabella which was quite pedestrian compared to my mofongo.  She ended up eating a quarter of my plate as she loved it so much.  The portions are pretty large, and you can get away with sharing a plate if you order an appetizer.  Check in on Yelp, and you'll get a free coffee as well!They have a great selection of items on the menu, and all for reasonable prices ($15 and under).  The casual vibe here is great, and its also a good place to go with kids.  They also have a surprisingly good beer selection which is a big plus.  It's even more fun to say MOFONGO after you've had a couple of brews.
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,7/7/2011,137,64,15,12,10>The cutest and best girlfriend in the history of western civilization was shocked when she found out I'd never been here. So the first order of business was allowing me the pleasure of driving her there last night. She'd hear about an amazing limited-edition burger they were serving for just this week. I'd heard that they had bottles of Southern Tier 2X IPA. Basically, we were motivated. So she ordered the Buffalo Burger. Delicious burger patty topped with buffalo wing sauce, crumbled blue cheese, and kettle chips. I had a couple on account of my gf's generosity and it was da bomb. I ordered the pincho dog with The Mix, cucumber, cilantro sauce, and topped with crunchy fries. Without reservation, I can say that it's the best dog I've ever had. It was incredible and flavorful in ways that I didnt know a dog could be. The beer is where the 5th star was lost. Our beers were stored in a freezer and they were, predictably, frozen. They thawed out over the course of our meal. I'm certain that they've remedied this issue since then but since this review is for that visit, 4-stars is what they get. I do look forward to visiting again soon and giving them a chance for redemption and an updated review.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2008,5/12/2009,115,143,7,9,7>Was here for a Dolphins vs. 49ers game.  My friend an I went out there to try to catch the last regualr season homegame with no tickets in hand.  We were worried about how difficult it would be to walk around the tailgaters and ask for extra tickets.  Instead as soon as we parked this guy walks up to the car and offers us some decent upper level tickets for $100 a piece, we negotiated and lowered the price down to closer to face value.  With that out of the way we did some minor tailgating, grilling up some chicken wings and sausages, the atmosphere outside the stadium before a game is so fun, it would have been fun with more people but it would have been more work too.  But it was great we had a gas grill on the trunk of a compact sedan and a cooler full of beer, it was like being at a HUGE outdoors bar, because everyone was drunk and merry.  The seats themselves are comfortable with cup holders for your refreshments.  What I learned about with buying tickets to a dolphins game is to get any ticket, doesn't matter how bad the seats are just get in and slowly mosy over to the 50 yard line while dropping as many rows as you can and you'll save like $40 - $60.To go up take the escalator, make the line it's worth it to preserve your drunkeness, but after take the ramps the move pretty fast and it's good to stretch your legs after.As for the restrooms, there was good order in the men's room when it came to lining up.  (On a side note why have I been noticing longer lines to the men's room then the ladies?  I've heard, "why don't they just set up a trough?")Overall the Stadium has great design and a joyful atmosphere, there's a number you can TXT if you notice some fans becoming unrully which is good when you are there with your kids.  I had a real good time.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,5/11/2009,148,183,4,10,8>West Kendall is no longer considered "the boonies" and has buildings/restaurants popping up all over, Moon Thai being one of them. New to the area but they hire really great, motivated people & (cute people). It's evident upon the first visit. Like Maria A., I too decided to do take out and surprisingly, the service was pretty quick - they did mess up on the order a bit but they were very, very apologetic. The floor manager as well as the rest of the staff,  very well dressed and respectful. I appreciate the decor as they tried to make it match the Gables' Moon Thai but also it was nice, refreshing. I like restaurants that have a little flair. Okay - so I gotta tell you, the lunch menu is AWESOME. For instance, you can get a nice-ass size of Pad Thai for $10 which comes with a soup AND salad. Sweet deal. Not convinced? The Sushi, very tasty and also comes with a Salad for about the same price. Really and truly, go during lunch and save for dinner if you must. Quality of the food is not bad - the only thing that might be a problem comes towards the end of the pad thai when it gets a bit too greasy and has an enhanced taste. Kind of overwhelming.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,5/10/2009,48,74,5,5,6>Holy christ this may have been the best meal of my entire life!  I went here last night to celebrate my acceptance into vet school with Mom, Dad and G-Ma and they did everything in their power to cater to our bizarre familial needs.  I had the nitro-vodka martini (made with dry ice), tuna trio appetizer with ponzo sauce fountain and short ribs on an artists' palette and they were PERFECT.  Dad had a 2lb cold water lobster tail (yes, the tail was 2lbs), Mom had Tuscan Chicken and G-Ma had popcorn shrimp which were presented in a popcorn container and on a bed of popcorn.  Barton G's obsession with gastronomy shows in the exquisite detail of his dishes.  I would go here every single week if I could afford it.  Maybe someday I can work my way through the entire menu.  Next time, I think i'm gonna try the swordfish.  I saw the dish coming through the restaurant on an actual sword!  I'm so in.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,5/9/2009,226,251,12,10,11>Okay, let me get this out of the way first:Ladies:  screaming "whoooooo" to express your enthusiasm, or to solicit attention, or just to let off steam, has been done. Alot. For many years. Constantly.Can we start a movement for a new, fresh, obnoxious drunk girl scream?How about "boop!!" or "pip pip!"  Please, give it a try. Let's see if it takes.Okay, other than the usual "whooo-ers" this was a decent club. I nearly got into fisticuffs with the tiny and very angry bespectacled pseudo-hipster who wouldn't pull his chair in so we could get to the bar, but once I put him in his place, it was all pretty good.  The ambiance was refreshingly unpretentious, the crowd was friendly and interesting, the drinks were...drinks.Since our gentleman friends was busy discussing Swedish nationalism (as alluded to in the vampire flick we'd just seen) and D.C. hardcore bands, we ladies were ripe for the pickin', and within minutes were chatting with some guys right out of a Berlin nightclub circa 1921. Not bad for a bar in the middle of PartyConformityLand (oh, and the music selections on the jukebox are excellent).  Cell Phone Wrist Watch Guy #1 told me that weeknights were even better, so we'll go back on a Tuesday and see what people-watching and conversational adventures await us. Oh, and they had rodeo on the tee vee.  Should the people watching get slow, you know the tattooed bartendress will pick something fun on the tube. Thumbs up!
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2009,5/8/2009,20,80,6,6,6>Half Moon offers 4 menu selections that I think have fair prices. The "Coffee Break" consists of two pasteles + one drink or large coffee ($3.50), "the snack" is made up of 2 empanadas + one drink or large coffee + chips for $4.50, "the quick lunch" which is 3 empanadas + one drink or large coffee + chips ($6.99) and finally "the complete lunch" - 4 empanadas + one drink or large coffee + chips ($8.50).The sweet pasteles comes in dulce de leche, dulce de batata, or dulce de membrillo flavours.Well I have to say it's too bad that these menu items all come with chips - I didn't know chips were staples of argentinian cuisine? Too bad I cannot replace that with some healthier option.The empanadas were tasty and not too dry. I chose 3 empanadas for $4 - a fair price for a filling lunch. I also like the free delivery  to anywhere between 1st and 41st.
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,5/7/2009,101,102,6,8,7>Who would've thought a former Miami Dolphin legend would make a successful career making bagels?John Offerdahl opened a great local chain of breakfast eateries that can compete with the best of them.They have one of the best nova bagel-wich on earth called the nova nosh which includes a hefty amount of smoked salmon, cream cheese, capers and onions. It'll give you death breath that'll last for hours but it sure damn tastes good!they are also expanding their menu selection to include lunch and dinner entrees. most of the dinner entrees competes with that of chicken kitchen's chop chop selection. I haven't tried it, but i do like their sandwiches for lunch so im sure dinner is pretty good.  It's a decent little Bagel/breakfast place. The restaurant itself needs a bit of a facelift as a lot of the tables and furniture look very early nineties.  but with a nice staff and good prices, this place is definitely worth stopping over.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2009,5/6/2009,1509,3596,4,5,4>charming.  maybe a 4 b/c it's home-grown.  most jamaicans asked for the jerk chicken.seems more of a lunch place?  been around for more than 25 years and has gone through the mult. phases of Wynwoodi asked for the jerk chicken with peas and rice, and salad (only squeeze bottle dressing)nicely charred meat.  some dishes seem prepared in large batchesthey get their jamaican patties from hot pie (not made on site)my fav part--i liked the sorrel drink (she spiced it with a little ginger)also had a side of oxtail which had a nice flavor (great for pouring over the rice)
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2008,5/5/2009,94,267,8,7,8>jimmy's eastside diner "yelp-kus"________________________no-frills diner foodgreasy goodness on a platepatrons of every kind________________________eggs, bacon, hot cakesnumber two deliciousness sunday morning love
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/2/2009,5/4/2009,3,7,5,6,5>I've been meaning to visit Tantra for a few years now, so when my friend and I saw them participating in "I love Miami Spice" (prix fixe menu for $36) we knew it was time to make a reservation and go. Plus, this coincided with a trip to see John Legend in concert at the Jackie Gleason Theatre. Heck, here was a chance to park the car, have dinner and get this - walk - to the concert afterwards. I was looking forward to getting a little tipsy on a few cocktails and then enjoying the soothing sounds of Mr. Legend. Soothing sounds I got, tipsy I didn't - despite my dinner buddy forking out $60 for four cocktails between us. I knew the prix fixe menu was a bargain when the waiter first handed us the regular menu. A quick review revealed that regular priced entrees ran between $30 and $50. Frankly, I never even read the descriptions as we had both already reviewed the prix fixe menu online and knew what we were going to order. When the waiter came back to the table we prompted him for the "I love Miami Spice " menus. Naughty waiter, he should have presented the bargain hunter's menu when we sat down. I interpret the fact that he didn't as a low-ball marketing ploy to have us spend more money! To start, my friend has the Indian pumpkin soup and I went with the Diver scallops and shrimp - with a dollop of what I think tasted like mashed potato, but was described as "foie gras sumthin', sumthin'" by my friend. Regardless, it was good! As I told my dining companion, "Hurry up and get some coz I'm eating it all!" The main courses were just as good. For her, the light-as-a-feather gnocchi with an oxtail ragu topped with parmesan shavings. For me, an elaborately presented snapper fillet in its own bamboo basket and wrapped in banana leaves, accompanied by crispy plantain slices and some sticky rice. Simple but very tasty. Dessert was disappointing, but then again, with many prix fixe menus, I don't expect too much. The crème brule (typical option on a prix fixe menu) was overcooked and well, boring. The better choice and a nice fruity end to the meal was the fresh fruit sorbet - complete with chunks of raspberry and black cherry. Our tummies were comfortably full after eating - requiring no loosening of belts or major sucking-in of protruding stomach. But as for that nice pre-concert buzz we were after - nada! Two cocktails each and we were struggling to even taste vodka. And when the bill arrived and the sticker shock of $15 a pop hit us - we were more than sober. I visit and eat a lot in New York - where I rarely pay more than $12 for my martinis - so I'm more than a little perturbed at being charged $15 for a non-impact drink on Miami Beach. As for Tantra's atmosphere - it's a little hard for me to describe seeing as we were the very first diners of the evening and the place was empty - no vibe emanating from the Buddha statues and ethnic art adorning the walls. I loved the style of the décor - it's right up my alley - but probably isn't everyone's taste. Due to the concert, we arrived for 7:30 p.m. reservations and had our pick of a table. Fellow guests were arriving gradually as we left shortly after 9 p.m. - but it was clearly a quiet night for Miami Beach - when we went back to retrieve our car from valet at 1 a.m. the place was still pretty empty inside, and certainly no takers for the myriad of chairs and sofas on the sidewalk outside. As my dear Yelp'er Doris says, Tantra is a good place to go with someone from out of town who is begging for something stereotypically, "funky." I will go back next year if they're doing the prix fixe menu again with different dishes. And if someone is having a private party there, I'm in. BTW - valet parking is $15 too - and another little annoyance - I think diners' should get a discount.
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,5/3/2009,69,50,6,12,7>This is one of my favorite stores to find inexpensive but cute dress for a night out on the beach. I've been shopping here for over a year and I would say 90% of the time I will find something cute to wear out that same night. The owners are super nice and will bend over backwards to help you find something. Now I must say sometimes you have to really search and look at every dress to find something nice. Either you will find poorly made clothes (which is expected at this price point) or you will find the skanky variety but hey, to each their own, as I have seen girls buy them and go straight to Cameo/Mansion in it. They move inventory quickly so they have new things shipped in every week. So if you are ever in a fashion emergency don't forget to swing by here!
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,8/10/2013,1208,265,11,16,12>WOW!!!  Swine is ridiculously... GOOD.  The place is incredibly decorated - so much rustic detail went into the space.  It is a unique layout, with a large bar above and below.  The people are friendly and very welcoming.  For a brand new place, the service was perfectly attentive.  The family style menu is great for a group and the pricing is very fair.The drinks are the best around.  Some of the most creative and unique cocktails I have seen in a while.  I particularly liked the bacon infused rye cocktail.I went with a large party, so was able to try a lot:... Kale Salad - very good, never had so much kale in a salad (and liked it)... Grilled Little Gems - love this salad, the bacon and blue cheese takes it over the top... House Made Charcuterie - incredible mix of meats and a really nice cheese spread - loved this appetizer... 1855 Black Angus Burnt Ends - my favorite - I could have made this my dinner.  The corn bread muffin tops take it over the top... Seared Diver Scallops - well cooked scallops and nicely shredded pork... Wood-Grilled Cauliflower - simple and deliciously grilled... Peas and Carrots - very nice side dish... Shrimp and Grits - probably the best around... House Smoked Brisket - The absolute winner on the menu - huge slabs of deliciously tender meat... Pan Roasted Chicken - very nicely prepared... Corn bread - total winner - must try... Smoked Spare Ribs - excellent and perfectly sauced... Wood Grilled Fish - if you stay away from pig - this is a great optionI can't believe Swine just opened.  On a Tuesday - it was packed.  The service was perfect, the food was spot on.  It felt like a well oiled restaurant.Something fun to watch is the kitchen activity.  Tons of people moving in harmony - it is quit a show.Highly recommended - I'm coming back.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,8/9/2013,59,137,5,7,5>WOW.  I was tempted to not even review this place, since my attempts at describing the food will fall horribly short of the reality of Otentic.First off - make a reservation.  The interior is small and cozy, and people are learning about this secret French restaurant off in the corner of Miami Beach, so it gets crowded fast.Now, on to the food.  My husband and I made the mistake of assuming that "French cuisine" meant French portions.  This is French food in AMERICAN portions.  You really get your money's worth here.  We started off with the complementary champagne and olive tapenade (thank you!), then moved on to the French onion soup appetizers.  I could have stopped after the soup and been satisfied, the bowls were so huge.  I actually ended up taking some soup home (to the laughter of our very accommodating waitress).  Next, we moved on to the Otentic Farmer Steak (PERFECTLY cooked and gigantic - haven't had this good of a steak in a long, long time), which came in a pesto-mushroom sauce and with some excellent green beans on the side.  We also had the Roasted Chicken with the potato side, which also was in a wild mushroom sauce.  The chicken was good but wasn't the best I've had - I would choose the steak if it came down to it, but I would have been perfectly content with either option had it been served to me.  We finished with the Café Gourmand, which was a platter of many different dessert samplers.  The French really do know their desserts.Overall, excellent food for a very reasonable price, considering the quality and size.  Also, I had leftovers.  This place has made my "top of Miami" list.  We'll be back!
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,8/8/2013,202,134,3,6,6>Angelina has been like a trustworthy friend- she's never let me down and has always been consistent. It started small- enticing me with her lovely yogurts, and then I was lured back for everything else she had to offer...and no disappointments thus far! I've gone for breakfast and I must say the waffles with applewood bacon cooked INTO them, yes you read correct, cooked INTO your waffles, are amazing. I loved the savory, smoky flavor of the waffles, along the sweetness of the maple syrup. As for her adult grilled cheeses, everything you've read about them is absolutely correct- phenomenal combinations of not-your-average cheeses and charcuterie! No yellow pasteurized American cheese here! Anything with "goat cheese" on the menu and I'm smitten. I had the goat cheese with proscuitto sandwich on multi-grain bread and it was perfection. The cheese was smooth- not as pungent as some- creamy, and warm and it paired beautifully with the proscuitto. They usually have a lunch special which can't be beat. For $8.95 I believe, you get your choice of grilled cheese sandwich or flatbread, with a side, and either a coffee or small yogurt. The place is rather on the small side so don't try going with a party of 8- smaller groups are much more comfortable as seating is limited. Definitely check her out next time you're in Midtown...she is sure to please!
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,8/7/2013,43,119,6,9,7>Came here today with my momma and my abuelita, and we all loved it! I got the famous Abuela Maria flavor (vanilla ice cream with guava, cream cheese and Maria cookie chunks), while my granny got the mango flavor and my momma the sugar free chocolate. All absolutely delish. $3.50 for each, which is not too bad considering the size and amazing array of flavors (others we saw included cafe con leche, Willy Cherrino, rum raisin, corn and mamey).The guy serving the ice cream was so friendly and welcoming. Although we knew exactly what we wanted, there were a few people that came in after us who wanted to try a few flavors and he was so relaxed about it. I seriously wish more people cared this much about what they do. A VERY rare quality in Miami. Also, the staff members were all wearing shirts with funny "Cuban sayings" like "dale" and "ya tu sabes," which I found pretty amusing considering the surrounding area (smack in the middle of Calle Ocho).While the place was a bit small, they had plenty of seating, including cushioned seats made out of guayaberas covered in plastic. There were also a few guys playing the hell out of some Oscar de Leon right outside. Yes, maracas and all. Era tremendo escandalo, but I loved it.Only downside? The parking is a mission. Since they're located on a one-way street, you have to drive around through all the side streets to find an available spot. Everything was pay to park, so prepare for that. IRREGARDLESS, this place is a MUST TRY. I don't know how I considered myself a Miami Cuban without having tried it before. Will definitely come again. Heck, probably even tomorrow, who am I kidding.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,8/6/2013,18,18,3,7,4>My girlfriend introduced me to this spot, else I never would have known that it existed. This is a shame, because it is easily one of my favorite little Miami hideaways to relax and recondition. Tucked in a nondescript parking lot next to a karate-supply store, a Dunkin' Donuts, and an oil-change place, it hides its treasures just south of FIU. Their constantly changing selection of coffees and teas are amazing - they are always ready to provide new blends and new sources from the world over. This provides the connoisseur of fine teas or excellent coffees the opportunity to try novel flavor combinations as well as the classics - and since they also bag their beans and leaves, you can take it home with you. Their food options are just as piquant, and their sandwiches and especially their deserts are rather memorable. The staff and management are friendly and know about the value of service and presentation. They have a sense of humor and display enthusiasm on the job, and are happy to make recommendations from the menu or ti discuss the finer points of coffee and tea with a curious stranger. They are also eager to talk about new music and bands coming to town, or to compare notes on whatever is playing on their in-house audio system. If there is any one thing that I would fault them for, it is that they are too small an establishment for their current level of success. While the couches and booths are rather comfortable, it can be hard to find a space to sit during busy times. If you are willing to share a booth or a couch with a stranger, it can be a great opportunity to make new friends and start up an impromptu game pulled from their copious supply of board games under the counter - but some folks might find that this violates their personal space bubble. All in all, I am thrilled to find this slice of hipster heaven here in Miami.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,8/5/2013,423,372,10,9,9>SO glad that San Pocho was the place for my first real taste of Columbian food! As soon as we rolled up at 11:30 for lunch and found the place to be packed, I knew this was the spot. We were sat at the back where there's ton of little Columbian trinkets and decor for sale. The waitress gave me a little giggle when she saw just exactly how excited I was for this lunchtime dining experience. I wasn't quite sure what to order, so as suggested, I went with the traditional, Bandeja Paisa. For lunch. I was completely stoked when the waitress brought out two GIANT plates of food. Both for meeeee!! Thank goodness I didn't have to go back to the office that day, because I knew at that point that a nap would be needed. After I tasted the food, I just couldn't stop eating everything. Well, at least I tried to eat everything. With the rice-covered-with-a-fried-egg, plantains and beans on one plate; the meat, a giant chicharone and some amazing little corn-tamale-bread-thingie on the other plate, I went to work, finding all sorts of little food bites combos with the food that was laid out before me. I made even more bite combinations as my last run-on sentence's poorly placed commas. But the food was just so delicious that I forget about basic sentence structure at times. I added the hot sauce on the table to just about every bite. The sauce was more flavorful that hot to me, but it gave just the right flavor.Since prior to this the only thing Columbian that I had tried, other than the hot doggies, were the empanadas, I ordered some to go for the house and the roomie. They were plain and simply the best. Needless to say, I'm looking forward to next trip to try some of the other items on the menu. There's lunch specials every day of the week, so I think that's going to be my starting point as I dive on in to Columbian cuisine.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,8/4/2013,216,110,9,10,9>Confession time.  Yep, I'm the one  who ignores the signs and tosses noms to the birds. I think of it as a nostalgia trip back to Central Park with a big bag of peanuts and an ever enlarging circle of  coveting,(and usually arm covering) pigeons.  Sooooooo when the Condor  swoops down and wrests away your bagel.* I own it; I take the blame; allll my fault.**  That said, House of Bagels is a most favorite place for breakfast,  and I frequently grab a friend and enjoy their $6.99 breakfast special which comes with eggs, bacon or potatoes, lettuce, onion, tomato, capers,and a bagel, cream cheese and a beverage and is more than filling and good value.. Their pastrami  sammich rivals that of a another popular Pinecrest  deli  and comes in at half the price. Also, no screaming bullying owner sessions,  Their whitefish salad/chicken salad is superb, fresh, yummy. Good   coffee, good pastries like ruggelach and  croissants... in fact, I've never even been in the French bakery next door as I always get waylaid . The owner is always positive and up for a few conversational minutes and even one of the employees who I had noticed was a sometimes a bit stern and touchy  now is a pussycat. All in all, It's just a pleasant little neighborhood place . I actually pass three other delis to get to it and that's juuust fine.* The condor knows where I live, flies over and drops your bagel here. Got that worked out, yes?** Please order garlic (lightly toasted) with a smear of chive cheese for just such occurrences.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,8/3/2013,158,150,2,7,3>When restaurants first open up, they don't always have their act together. However, I'm here to tell you that Temaris prepared well for their launch and are ready to provide you with an awesome dining experience. They've been on my radar ever since I saw a sign up in front of their place stating the first 100 customers to follow them on instagram or twitter will receive a VIP card for life earning them 10% off on every purchase. SOLD! I was lucky # 97. I went today with two co workers and we were immediately greeted by Alex. The restaurant is set up for their patrons to order and pay at the counter and have their food brought to the table but since it was our first time, Alex offered to wait on us. First star earned. He gave us a few recommendations and I decided to go with the sea bass lunch special which came with a side of vegetables, soup or salad and a fountain drink for $14. My friend ordered the Tokyo Temaris (spicy tuna, almonds and a special sauce on top of bite size rice balls) lunch special with a salad and fountain drink which was also $14. My other friend was not hungry so she didn't order anything. The food came out very quickly and it was divine! The salad was a typical green house salad with ginger dressing and slices of orange, very good! Alex even brought out a salad for my friend who hadn't ordered anything just so she could try it. Second star earned! The main dishes were decently portioned and delicious. After our meals, Alex let us try a dessert on the house which was also amazing! Brigadeiros all the way!! Third star earned! Before bringing out the dessert, he surprised us with three passion fruit sake samples, also on the house. Fourth star earned! His customer service was top notch and it really left me with the desire to share the word that Temaris is worth a visit, or two, or a hundred! Food presentation was on point, they played great music and everything was very clean. Fifth star earned! Next Thursday is their grand opening so put it on your calendar!Temaris, I hope you keep up the exceptional customer service.
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,8/2/2013,1381,665,12,14,12>Dear Jivana Nails,Wow.  I was definitely impressed.  I get my nails done at a few different salons around my house and none of them can compare to the service (and value) that I experienced here.  This is my BFF's local nail salon and she had been telling me for sometime already that I needed to come and get my nails done with her.  Luckily that opportunity finally came when we scheduled a girls date for Sunday.  Brunch and nails, who can go wrong?!  Michelle L. also came with us and we just had the best girls day!When we arrived, the salon was full but not super packed.  My friend put our names down on the list and we started looking for colors.  Within a few minutes the 3 of us were seated at the pedicure chairs and ready to relax.  Gotta love quick service!  I don't know my nail tech's name, but it was a gentleman who may have been the manager.  He was super awesome and I thoroughly enjoyed my pedicure.  He noticed I was pregnant and was very careful to avoid certain pressure points in the ankles that are not good to mess with on a preggo.  The girls were also enjoying their respective pedicures as well.  I love that there are options for the pedicures.  We each went with the $30 pedicure, which is better than any spa pedicure I've ever had.  I believe it was called the Deluxe Spa pedi, but not sure.  Well that option gives you a choice of scrub scent, so I opted for Mandarin.  It smelled sooo good!  Almost edible.  Then there was more massaging and then the warm towels, which he made it a point to cool off before wrapping them around my legs.  After he removed the towels he did more massaging and then wiped all the scrub and lotion off.  I was definitely impressed and feeling pampered.  The guy did a great job on my feet.  Honestly.  :)Meanwhile, another nail tech came to do my mani, while I was relaxing in the chair getting my pedi done.  She was a young girl, super good at what she did and very efficient.  She massaged my hands and arms, did my cuticles, etc.  Full blown mani in the pedi chair.  I loved this concept.  I know for you it saves time and makes the process more efficient to get more turnaround in the salon, but it really works for me too.  I was happy to be done with hands and feet at the same time.  Plus I was definitely more comfortable in the pedi chair than if I had been sitting at a mani table.  Extra chair massages, what what!!Overall a great experience at a great price.  I paid $40 total for what normally would have cost me $45 at my salon, and I got double the experience.  It was a way better mani-pedi.  I tipped the staff well and waiting for my girls to finish.  I wish you were closer to me, but I love that I can always use the excuse to come north to see my biffle and get our nails done.  :)  Looking forward to the next time!!Nails Did, Happy Girl,SabrinaAnna*
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,8/1/2013,164,326,9,10,9>There are those who rave about their favorite beautician and follow them like a guru through hill and dale; and considering the "do's" of some of my pals (you know who you are you ragamuffin hags), I can't blame them.  Well I love plants and feel the same way about a florist.  I especially like a florist that feels like a quasi - nursery; one that has plants, all kinds of plants, in addition to flowers.  I work downtown so we get flowers delivered at the beginning and end of each week by various vendors (who sure could use a good two hours in a beauty salon. . . but I digress) and in short, they're just OK - nice choices, not cheap, but they don't drop dead in two days either.  But the Flower Shoppe - I dunno, maybe it's just me - but they seem to exude exotica - beautiful flowers, colorful roses, tulips, tiger lily's and an abundance of cute tropical succulents (which I just adore, hence my desk being surrounded by more than its fair share of cacti and such).Side note - I'm not the world's best green thumb but I ain't no slouch when it comes to plants - and at times I do talk to them (I got things to say!).  So 1 day my (evil/wicked/___ fill in blank) boss (ask Gina) came and threw something (at me) on my desk and killed one of my li'l baby plants.  Boo hoo.  It was murder!  The other succulents now shake and quiver when ever he passes by.  I went back to The Flower Shoppe to return the pot and find another replacement - and by golly - they took the previous pot back (that was theirs) and gave me a discount on the replacement for returning the pot - what wonderful (unique) customer service.  I try to shop there as often as the wallet affords (you don't get heavenly for cheap) - I just love this place.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,8/30/2013,619,794,13,19,15>I'd been to Transit a few times before it closed, and have returned here on a few occasions since this place reopened as Blackbird Ordinary.Blackbird Ordinary has a lot of similarities with Transit, and some differences.   The restaurant next door is now a separate business and there's no longer an entryway between that establishment and this bar as there was when it was Transit.  The corner that was once filled by an elevated stage to the left as you enter is now a DJ booth, and they've added covered ping pong tables out back.  Otherwise, the layout inside and out are pretty much the same as they've always been, the bars are in the same place, etc. They've also kept the idea of having games such as Connect Four and Jenga available for patrons to play. The length of the entire wall to your right as you enter is still lined with booth seats, though there is now a fair amount of kitschy looking bird-themed décor.What has changed is that this bar is now known for it's unique drinks, concoctions and shooters.  No matter when I've come here, even late at night on the weekends, I've always been able to score street parking relatively nearby, which is definitely a plus, and also a bit surprising considering how many other bars and late night spots are in this general area.  I've also never found it to be overly packed, and I've never paid a cover charge.  In my experience, service at the bar inside can be painfully slow, I've usually gotten drinks quicker by either going to the back side of the bar near the booth seating where there are fewer patrons, or if the outside bar is open, I've hit that up and have normally always been served out there much faster than inside. It can get a bit loud and stuffy inside, but the good thing is that you can go out back where there's an outdoor bar and it's usually cooler and a bit quieter, and they have speakers out there so you can still hear the band or DJ.I don't recall what their beer prices are, but a simple rum and Coke will run you $10 and will come in a small 10 or maybe 12 oz cup that's overflowing with ice.   Their shooters are $9 each, and their specialty cocktails will run you between $10-$14 each.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,8/29/2013,470,137,25,26,28>You know what's awesome?  OK, me, yes.  But also equally awesome is the wonder and joy that children find in the simple things.  Things like running, playing hide-and-seek, jumping into puddles, eating quick-melting ice cream, laughing too hard at fart jokes, playing in the sand and... jumping on trampolines.  Things that we, as adults, have simply forgotten to appreciate in our breathless pursuit of an early death by work, worry and stress, having become obsessed with money and in general, taking adulthood way. too. seriously.So when I took my younger cousins to Sky Zone a few weeks ago, I immediately heard my inner-child squeal with delight seeing an entire, air-conditioned warehouse full of rooms filled wall to wall with trampolines, basketball dunking stations, and a freakin' FOAM PIT!!! I saw people jumping from trampoline to trampoline, doing flips and dives, while in other rooms, there were games of trampoline Dodgeball going on.  Everywhere, the warehouse moved and swelled with energy.  My cousins were laughing and making friends with everyone, partaking in Dodgeball, bouncing off the walls (literally) and trying to see who can do the most backflips into the foam pit.  I so wanted to join in, but the place was packed and I didn't want to inadvertently jump onto an innocent 'tween, squishing her and depriving her of the opportunity of listening to the new Justin Bieber album! ... on second thought...  So I got to talking to the manager and was told that later in the evenings are the best times for older kids and um, adults.  In fact, after 10, they only allow 18 & up so it gives older kids and [much] older kids like me the opportunity to make a fool of ourselves without worrying about young'uns underfoot.  What a great concept.  The following Friday, I went with my brother and another good friend. Sign up is easy, you are given special sneakers to protect your ankle and then you are on your way.  The three of us spent the next two hours gaining altitude on trampolines, doing flips and playing Dodgeball with other 18+ people.  Yes, it is as fun as it sounds and we left exhausted, spent, covered in sweat and unable to stop smiling.So why should you go there?  Because if you are a child or have children, this place is inexpensive, relatively safe and offers kids the chance to be social, burn off their excess energy and do what they love the most: play.  If you are an adult, Sky Zone gives you a chance to leave your stress and worry behind and remember a time that life was simpler and jumping and playing were truly the only things that mattered.  Because you are never too old to play.  And because your Inner Child will love you for it.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,8/28/2013,50,78,2,6,5>The Gathering Place is exactly what I needed 27 years ago when I was pregnant with my second child and desperately wanting to have a vbac (vaginal birth after cesarean).  Unfortunately, there was nothing like this in existence back then.  Heck, I'm pretty sure there is nothing ELSE like this in Miami right now!! It is a cozy, comfy, womb-y place for mamas and their babies while not excluding the papas.  Both of my grown daughters received their training to be post-partum doulas here and continue being mentored through the process of certification.  I received my training to be a birth doula a few weeks ago here and I am so impressed with this community center and it's two founders Tamara and Michelle.  I had met Michelle when she was a birth doula for my daughter and found her to be delightful and nurturing.  She was an amazing help right after my granddaughter's homebirth while we were all just walking around like zombies after a sleepless night and an extremely quick labor and delivery.  I kept up with her via facebook for the next couple of years and was able to see, through many pictures, comments and status updates how this center was started, how the building was renovated and how it has grown to be this incredible resource center, not to mention the many services it has to offer!I attended an open house event a few months ago and, if I was impressed before, I was amazed afterward!  That is when I decided to get trained to be a birth doula and hopefully be able to contribute to this exciting outreach!They were on the news this week for opening the first breast milk bank in Miami to add to the many great services that they offer.  I am so excited that they are here and plan on recommending anyone and everyone that is planning or already has a baby! Oh, and have I mentioned the yummy food?  Pretty sure these foodies offer some of the best yummies in town!
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,8/27/2013,68,150,4,7,6>If there is an equal to Seinfeld's famous "Soup Nazi" for ice cream spots, Mr. C would surely be a contender.   This is the true old school experience--45 years in the making--and we're all just students in Mr. C's class--speak out of turn, ask for yogurt, heaven forbid, you'll be put down mercilessly. We've stopped in many times over the years, usually after an afternoon in the Keys. Despite the owner's consistently cantankerous, contemptuous, and occasionally downright nasty attitude, he also consistently turns out excellent, natural, home-made ice cream, gelatos and sorbets in nice-sized plastic bowls--try the "bing cherry" sorbet, a delicious, understated treat. Even if some Floridians and tourists have no notion of "how it's done" in Red Hook or Staten Island (this writer actually does), I wish Mr. C could offer his great, best in class ice creams and gelatos without the angry outbursts or outright condescension we've experienced.   That would merit a true five star experience in my view--the ice cream more than justifies such a ranking. All that said, we continue to come back for the great product here.  There's a new, second location, too.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,8/26/2013,529,642,12,19,17>Even in Coral Gables, home of many restaurants and lunch counters, a good sandwich is hard to come by. Certain nearby chains that supposedly feature "Gourmet Sandwiches" (Jimmy John's, I'm looking at YOU) just don't cut it - since when does a plain old white hoagie roll combined with low quality cold cuts suggest anything "gourmet?" The Pete's concept is pretty simple - sandwiches, soups, salads, smoothies, baked goods, coffee. However, while it's a simple concept, execution is fantastic, with quality ingredients and little twists that elevate it above the ordinary sandwich shop. I went with a soup and sandwich. The soup du jour happened to be zucchini and basil, which sounded tasty. While it hit the spot, no doubt, and was very well seasoned to my taste, I found myself wanting more of an assertive basil flavor. The sandwich I chose was the roast beef, chorizo and arugula, with Pete's own pineapple-tomato jam (jars of it are available for purchase). Pineapple-tomato jam.....that's the kind of twist I mentioned above that's going to make my lunch more interesting, and I appreciate that. But before I get to that, let me say that the bread here is GOOD....my sandwich came out quartered and flattened as if Panini-pressed, and that bread had the perfect crispness on the outside while being perfectly soft on the inside. It's no crappy white bread, either - I noted plenty of healthful seeds and whole grain husks baked in, giving it a hearty flavor. Quantity of meat relative to the bread was perfect - please don't skimp on this in the future! I could maybe have gone for the beef being sliced up more, as it tended to all come out in one bite a couple times, but that's just a niggling mention. The aforementioned pineapple-tomato jam made for a pleasant sweet counterpoint, without going overboard. I could see overloading this stuff on your toast in the morning, because it's tasty, but it's sweet enough to overpower a sandwich like this if applied too carelessly. A little goes a long way, and thankfully, a measured application was used.Pete's also let me sample the smoothie of the day, which was coconut, mango, ginger and mint. Very nice indeed. In summary - a welcome addition to the Coral Gables restaurant scene. While I wouldn't call it "inexpensive," it's pretty reasonable for the quality. It fits quite comfortably in between a fancy Gables sit-down lunch, and trips to Panera or Jimmy John's......which is precisely what the Gables business district needs.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,8/25/2013,82,94,6,13,9>"Echale Candela" filled the air while a friendly Spanish server greeted me.Disclaimer: I have a bias favoring tapas and tapas-style portions.When you go, you'll get served a mini-bowl of popcorn to tie-in with the restaurant's old school movie marquee sign outside. Que genial!  Nice touch and interesting choice for a tapas restaurant showcasing some of Barcelona's best tapas (remember, tapas not Big Macs or brisket).The menu, shown on wooden clipboards, offers Vermut (appetizers), Charcutterie y Quesos (delicatessen & cheeses), Tapas, Tapas to Share, a couple of Sides and Mundo Dulce (desserts). I tried the salmon cone app, the sangria infused watermelon, the crispy prawns and the bread with chocolate, salt and olive oil, plus a nice glass of rioja. I was thoroughly pleased with all of the flavors in each dish. My immediate thoughts on each tapa (in order)? Nice, oh that's good, gees those prawns are huge, omg that chocolate... get some salt and oil in there... that's delish. I was especially delighted to have a restaurant serve red wine slightly chilled.The indoor bar area seats 20-25 ppl with plenty of standing room for more people. The bartenders were great. Between the two they managed a large crowd nicely. Definitely a nice place for happy hour or a get together. By the way, Happy Hour is from 5 pm to 8 pm and is basically half off everything but the wines.I didn't want to leave, but it was time to go. Was it the good food, the vibe, the feeling of being in a port city other than Miami? Yes! "Let's go back" by Kraack and Smaack was playing as I left. How appropriate because I certainly will.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,8/24/2013,327,121,4,9,7>This place is THE place to be if you or your kid wants to learn the exclusive art form of bboying (breakdancing). I say exclusive because first of all, not many people teach this style of dance AND not many people teach it CORRECTLY. I definitely, DEFINITELY highly recommend this place! - this place has all sorts of flooring for everything you or your kid, brother, cousin, friend would need to dance and learn on. Smooth dance floor, bboying floor, mats to flip and trick on, cushion-y mats to break your fall if you decide to be spontaneous and insane. - has extremely well credible and professional teachers. They can TEACH! They have trained some kids for sometime who are now 15 years old and one of them qualified to enter into a Red Bull BC One dance qualifier against other dancers who were twice, three times their age! - they have an entertainment team & company to hype up and represent your company and party the way you want it to be done in South Florida. - they are EXTREMELY professional. Willing to take the time needed explain to you how they teach, what they teach, when classes are held, how the curriculum unfolds, explain rates and etc. unlike MANY dance studios where I walk in and inquire information and they just usually slap down a piece of paper with their rates and hours on it. I recently worked and collaborated on an event with them and they were the most helpful, eager, professional company/brand/academy that I have ever worked with! I am excited to work with them more in the future and take classes!
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/23/2013,437,438,8,10,9>We brought my dad here for father's day this year. The location is impressive. Walking through the lobby is like being in a super ritzy house of mirrors and then when you walk into J&G you're greeted by a breathtaking view of their pool and the beach. We sat by the window and couldn't help but take about a million pictures. I started with the lychee raspberry bellini which was sweet and refreshing. We ordered a side of the black truffle cheese fritters as an appetizer and we were dying over them. They were so delicious and if they were not $12 an order (for about 6 of them, I think), we would have made several more orders. It's definitely one of the things on the menu that you must try. Among the four of us, we had the eggs benedict, omelette, french toast, and the fettuccine. The potatoes that were served with the egg dishes were awesome. I stole a bunch from their plates. My brother's french toast was so delicious. It had a nice crispy crust on the outside and was fluffy in the middle. The accompanying syrup was perfection. My fettuccine was superb. Even though the portion was a bit small, the flavors were perfect. I will definitely get it again when I come back. Minus one star because the service was a bit slow and not as friendly as we would have hoped for a special occasion, but nothing that would keep me from returning. J&G was the perfect place to take my dad and I know we will return in the future.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,8/22/2013,365,232,14,22,20>PUCKER UP!  When you taste the homemade pickles, you'll want to kiss the chef!  He takes a sweet little onion and brines it to give it a salty, sour punch and uses it as an exclamation point on a dish like a rich, savory stuffed portabello.  Yum! I just love the Local House!  They're located only a block south of the magical 5th Street dividing line.  Somehow the luscious local tomatoes and unique house-made delicacies taste all the more special when you know a few blocks away at Fridays and Johnny Rockets cretins are ordering plates full of pre-fab frozen dreck.  Local House lives up to its name, so the offerings are seasonal, flavorful, and fresh!There is no better dish on a hot day than the fresh melon salad.  Cool, sweet cantaloupe, honey-dew, and pink watermelon balls on a bed of fresh local greens with some crumbled feta, a squeeze of lime and a sprinkle of chopped mint.  If you're wilting like a wildflower in the sun, it will revive you and make you BLOOM again!The décor is homey and comfortable.  Outdoors, you can find a casual spot in the shade, or indoors there are lovely cushioned chairs and white table tops.  Last time I visited, they had tea roses on all the tables.  So pretty!If you're visiting SoBe and you're beginning to forget what authenticity and wholesomeness might look like, please stop in at the Local House.  It will restore your faith in the real.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,8/21/2013,211,57,7,11,10>Walked right in on Sunday at 11:00. No wait so that was a plus. Server came promptly to our table and took our order. We did not have to wait not even a minute. There is a huge board on the wall with the daily specials which I tried very hard to read because I didn't have my glasses but the few items that I was able to read seemed delicious and sooo many that I was about to change my mind on my order a few times since every other menu item seemed better than what I had ordered.The food was great, from flavor to portions, we were not disappointed. The grilled muffins are definitely an interesting twist and we enjoyed it. Please try them.  My fiancé ordered the Santa Fe Benny which is a version of the famous Egg Benedict that includes pulled pork and it was really delicious. I'm not fond of pulled pork but this one was very well made and I actually liked it. My breakfast consisted of 2 Eggs with a hamburger patty. Caution: Make sure you order the desire level of doneness that you really want because they do give you what you want unlike other places that you order well done and it comes back still red, not the case here. Contrary to what I had read from other reviewers service was very quick and handled very efficiently by Desiree, our server.  They may have read the reviews and improved service or it may be that other reviewers were not lucky and we were, I don't know, but since this was our first time and everything was great we will give it another try and see if service shows a consistent improvement. I will review again base on future visits. In the mean time I must give the place a 5 based on my experience.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,10/1/2009,163,84,6,6,6>I've been to Morianos' many times so it's about time I review it. I'll be honest I haven't had a bad dish here. Lately I've been eating La Milanesa de Pollo (Chicken Fried Steak) with a salad. Their portions are sufficient , but not over the top. Other times I've had the pizza which has been a hit with the guests I have enjoyed it with. The ingredients on the pizza are super fresh and you can smell the goodness right when the pizza arrives to your table. They also have a daily special which may not be on the menu which is usually on point. The gnocchi which is on the menu , but not available all the time is a nice treat. The sauce is delicious and you will find yourself dipping the bread in it to pick up every last drop.Last but not least the place is very recession friendly and they have some killer lunch specials including , but not limited a lunch portion sized Milanesa (Fried Steak) with fries or salad and a drink for $7.95. They also have free WI-FI just ask the guys behind the counter for the key. :)Repeat visits are highly encouraged.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2008,9/30/2009,255,165,7,20,13>Pet Rescue, Inc. is a non-profit organization devoted to saving the lives of homeless and abandoned pets, and to finding these animals loving homes since 1982. Pet Rescue, Inc. is a no-kill animal shelter, providing care to unwanted cats and dogs, attending to their needs until a suitable home is found, offering a second chance at life!At Pet Rescue they don't  Euthanize Animals! Pet Rescue is an alternative to the thousands of deaths suffered by unwanted pets on the streets and in many shelters. Pet Rescue spays or neuters all animals that come into there care, providing food, veterinary care and shelter until a home can be found - no matter how long it takes.I just came back from visiting Pet Rescue and I fell in love with so many of the dogs that were there. I sadly can't adopt an animal since, i have already have 2 dogs and a baby but, i really wanted to be able to give a dog a loving home. The owner and the volunteers were all extremely nice and helpful. If anyone is interested in adopting a pet i think that you should check this shelter out first instead of the humane society of greater Miami or other shelters since, this one is not really know. Also, if anyone feels generous and wants to help out, the shelter is always in need of volunteers and donations. Donations can be all sorts of things which will allow for better care for the animals. You may have some of the equipment they need laying around the house like towels, sheets, washcloths, comforters, sleeping bags, cotton balls, can openers, alcohol, etc. Save a pet and gain a friend.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2009,9/29/2009,675,517,4,4,5>Stayed here for New Years and it was absolutely great! We had so much fun, the service was spectacular and who can complain when u get to wake up with the beautiful view of Miami. For New Years we were able to see the fireworks coming from all parts of Miami...it was quite an experience. The rooms have been nicely updated with a more modern decor. We requested a roll-away bed and microwave which was brought to our room within 5 min of arrival. We also had access to the executive lounge. Real nice complimentary happy hour and continental breakfast.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,9/28/2009,69,50,5,6,6>I'm here often and a proud member of their book club :)  I never had an issue with their selection.  Except for once, they had every book I wanted to buy and the one time they did not, they brought it over from their other store and a couple days later I picked it up. Which is a non-issue since I live on the beach. One day last month I walked in and was surrounded by jeans and had to do a double-take.  When I went back outside I noticed that their old spot is now Diesel jeans ugh. They moved and I just don't know how I feel about their new location in the back, hidden next to Design within  Reach. I liked that they had a storefront before where you could sit and read. The new store is really nice and airy. Seems more modern and they can definitely expand their selection with all the additional room they have now. I'm just worried that they may not get the same foot traffic all they way in the back since you can't see it.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2009,9/27/2009,566,440,5,6,7>Finally!!I've worked in the Gables for about four years and have always been meaning to have drinks or dinner at Ortanique... today was finally the day!!My co worker and I dragged ourselves away from the office after a grueling day and decided to treat ourselves to a drink. We arrived before the masses about 6:30 or so and took a seat at the bar where Joel our knowledgeable bartender told us about all the drinks that would make the stress of our day disappear. I went with a Mojito because he swore I wouldn't be sorry... I was SO NOT SORRY... it had to have been one of the best mojitos I've ever had! My co worker had a margarita on the rocks that was also great. The next round was Caipirinias, if you've never had one you have to try them! They're great! We ordered a standard calamari appetizer, but the sauce was anything but typical, a sweet and tangy molasses type thing. Then we had the ceviche spoons, todays' fish was grouper, very fresh and delicious!  After that we decided the apps tickled our stomachs and we needed an entree, my friend is a finicky eater so we split the jerk rigatoni and subbed chicken for shrimp... it was awesome! Sun dried tomato and mushrooms in a light sauce with just a bit of spice in the back of the throat... we didn't think we'd have room for dessert but we made it. You have to go even if it's just to try the macadamia chocolate tart!!! Incredible! Thick and chocolaty! I'll be back... I need to try so many other things on this menu!!!
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2008,9/25/2009,45,115,7,7,7>Aaahh, Chico's. I don't know any real Hialeah resident who doesn't get excited when someone suggests Chico's...I have been going there my whole life and I still love it, So many memories there.The perfect place to enjoy your favorite meal just like mom makes it(if your mom is latin like most hialeah moms) . Well, my mom is the best cook, but at least Chico's comes close. Oh and you can enjoy ANYTHING on the menu at ANY - TIME - YOU - CRAVE - IT! Yeah, they are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. And its cheap too! The batidos are the best, and so are the sandwiches. The cons, well sadly there are a few. Remember, it IS Hialeah. Firstly, all the waiters are spanish and for some reason they seem to have gotten of the raft -  like yesterday. Sometimes they act like they have their head in the clouds and look at you as if they have no idea what you're talking about. Even when you talk to them in spanish...Second, there are some shady characters in the midnight hours. Especially obscenely overweight  "santeras" smoking the BIGGEST tabaccos next to the entrance. Then they have the audacity to blow that disgusting smoke in your directions. Luckily for me, I have cancer of the mouth, esophagus, and lungs on my side.Lastly, I assume because of their crazy hours, they seem to have food thats been sitting around for a while. I've gotten my bad batch of sour papa rellenas, but hey i excuse them because 9 times out of 10, I leave the place a happy girl... :-)
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2009,9/24/2009,153,1226,13,17,14>another lazy sunday, im hungry and i dont feel like cooking. i went downstairs and i saw that matahari cafe was open so i decided to have lunch there. this place has been open for a couple of months and ive noticed it get especially busy on sundays, when all the cruises are docked to the port of miami. i dont really know much about indonesian cuisine but i know its good. besides the moment i stepped into matahari cafe i was pleased with the smell of spices. good stuff. i think i was the only non-indonesian costumer. thats usually a good sign, so i saw what the guy in front of me was getting and i got the same. f it. it looked good. so the guy behind the counter asked me if i didnt mind spicy food. i said no. paid 10$ for it but my plate was full of food. i got something like this..nasi ramesademayemcafe.com/uploade…white rice surrounded by some coconut milk curry chicken, spicy beef, a hard boiled egg and man.. so much food and everything was pretty damn good. the coconut curry and the spicy beef combo was a great move on my part. a few minutes after i sat down and started attacking my lunch the guy behind the counter asked me if i liked it. of course i said, and i asked him for some menus cause i live in the neighborhood i explain. he gave me about 15 of them and told me to pass around my building. ok i said, but only if i get a free soup next time. deal he says and hands me a "dadar gulung" - its pretty much a stuffed pancake.. but what is it stuffed with? grated coconut, sugar (brown and white) and cinnamon. 'deal' i said again.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2009,9/23/2009,211,164,5,7,9>I stumbled across this little jewel located in a strip mall in Aventura. The restaurant has a very quiet upscale atmosphere. The service was par as there was a long wait between eating my appetizer and ordering my entree. The food was served as ordered and fresh.  I ordered the skirt steak with yellow rice and broccoli, and my husband ordered Sirloin streak with spinach and mushrooms. Both dishes were OK. My steak lacked a little flavor, but the chimmichurri sauce brought the taste up a notch. Although I ordered meat, this place is known for the seafood so next time I go, I plan to order some sorta fish. Also, the entrees range in price from $18-$32.I gave this spot a 3 star because the ambiance, food, pricing and service was pretty average. I recommend this spot if you want to have a quiet romantic dinner.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,9/22/2009,619,794,11,9,10>When I first moved to Miami and hadn't had the chance to look or ask around for a place to get my hair cut, I went to this salon a few times as it was next to my first condo.I went here twice...The first time, there were 2 drag queens sitting on the couch in the waiting area (actually, one was a drag queen, I'm still not sure what the other costumed character was supposed to be); they were waiting for a limo to pick them up and take them to an event a few blocks away where they were performing that night.  I pointed out to one of them that she had several rips in her fishnets, she quickly shot back and told me that she'd EARNED every one of those rips in her stockings.  Ha ha.   The second time I was here, a woman came in, told the guy who owns this place that she'd been to another salon that messed up her hair and the woman began to cry.  The owner quickly opened up the cabinet next to his station, took out a bottle of wine and some glasses, poured the woman a glass of wine and sat down with her and tried to comfort her.  So that sets the tone that this place is a bit different to say the least.  The other thing is that, stepping into this salon is a lot like going into an eccentric old woman's house...Lots of knickknacks and kitchy artwork and trinkets sitting around and hanging on the walls.  That being said, I can't say when I've had a more entertaining hair cut experience and when I've laughed so much.  A men's haircut was $18 which is more than reasonable.  That being said, I've not been back to this salon in a long time, as I usually run into the neighborhood Supercuts when I need to grab a haircut.  My guess is that most of the ladies on this site would have a BLAST here, and judging from the photos they showed me while I was waiting to have my hair cut, they do some incredible "work" here as well...
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2009,9/20/2009,179,117,13,18,16>wow! went to the opening of B&B and I must say it was one of my top burger experiences of all time. I ate so much that by the time I left the food coma was in full effect and I was barely coherent enough to make it home.the decor is very cool - upscale diner-ish/rock-n-roll harley davidson-esque with a main room, a sports bar, and an upstairs lounge which is soon to be opened. to start off, their drink selection is excellent. they have a full liquor bar, wine, cocktails, as well as a super extensive beer selection....currently topping 80 beers to choose from with more to come. among them we tried Estrella from Spain, Affligem from Belgium, and an African beer whose name I can't recall (obviously the last of the bunch that we tried).the group started with an order of chicken wings, which were literally fall-off-the bone and very flavorful, and an order of onion rings....I'm not normally a big fan of onion rings but these were excellent - the batter is a combination of tempura and beer batter and seasoning and are fried to perfection (they were so good we ordered a second helping for the table to share). for my main dish I had the Road Thunder burger - 10 oz. of deliciousness covered in american cheese and bacon...but not just any bacon, this might be the best bacon I've had, thick cut and pepper-crusted...perfectly cooked on a sesame bun. also at our table there was the messiest burger I've ever seen...can't even remember the name but it was also 10 oz. with avocado, salsa, cheese, and a fried egg on top! I hear it was also deliciousness and the disappearing act it did was a pretty good indicator that it was in fact so. all the burgers come with thin fries which are incredibly tasty. we also ordered the potato salad side to share which was surprisingly good and different...sort of like potato skins but in a mixed form - cheese, bacon, potato, baked until yummy!they also have an entire page of the menu devoted to building your own burger, but the options available were slightly overwhelming so we mostly stuck to their specialty choices. in addition to this they have 'the mother burger'....a 10 pound burger (yes, you read that right) that is to be eaten a-la-pizza style - sliced up for the table to share!to top this amazing meal off, we decided to try some shakes for dessert. we had three at the table and they were all equally good. a vanilla chocolate shake, a special made cookies and cream with Kahlua, and one of their signature shakes 'the O Face' which is chocolate fudge brownie ice cream with Frangelico that will actually bring you pretty close to making 'that' face!the service was very attentive if a bit slow...but again, it was their opening night and they were steadily busy the entire night. the management staff was excellent, making certain that all went smoothly and everyone was happy with their entire experience. there's a lot more I want to try at B&B and I look forward to going back again before too long!
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2009,11/22/2009,41,32,5,13,8>I was very surprised. I set an appointment, but had no expectations. I like to think I'm pretty low maintenance, and always figured I'd get the same "do" at Hair Cuttery than I would at any ritzy beauty salon. I was never even slightly satisfied with chain-salon results, and I didn't like feeling like I had to set aside twelve hours, and spend hundreds for a bang trim. I met my match. A place that doesn't use safety scissors to cut hair, and isn't an expensive day long beauty retreat. It's quick service, with quality results. From the minute I walked in, like a deer in headlights - obviously a new customer - the service was perfect. I usually dread having small talk with hair stylists, but both Caroline and Todd were professional and very personable. Conversation was effortless, humor was quick, and much hair styling knowledge was gained in my visit. I was in and out in forty minutes. A big PRO in my book. Overall, I can't complain about a single thing. I will definitely be back for some of the recommended treatments soon. WARNING: Does not take AMEX. :)
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2009,11/20/2009,374,258,6,14,11>I've been living walking distance from this restaurant for over 2 years, and surprisingly never went in.But the other day I was craving some Peruvian food and didn't feel like driving to El Chalan, so I finally wandered inside.The only "authentic" dishes I've tried there so far are the Papas a la Huancaina and the fish ceviche.  Based on those, El Meson is well deserving of a 4 star review.  The only complaint I have is that the Papas were served warm, and I'm used to having that dish cold.  I still think cold is the way to go with them, but that's a personal choice.I was afraid the ceviche wouldn't be as fresh and delicious as I'm used to, but my fears were unwarranted.  How awesome are thee, ceviche? Let me count the ways.  The fish was perfectly marinated.  There were the perfect amount of onions in the mix, and everything was fresh to the max.  They usually serve fish ceviche with sweet potato and giant peruvian corn, and sometimes they even add a bit of roasted corn kernels on the side...and that's exactly what they did.  It was all so good.  I could eat ceviche everyday...It's so tasty and guilt-free (and, seriously, how many foods are there that include "tasty" and "guilt-free" in their description?!).  They also serve warm dinner rolls with a delicious, creamy green chili sauce that is spicy and filled with goodness.   The service was decent. The waiter took a little longer than I'd like to bring the bill, but it didn't matter because I was so pleased with everything else (especially the ceviche).  Mmmm... maybe I'll order some more ceviche tonight.
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2009,11/19/2009,109,342,5,5,6>I was in downtown Hollywood on a Monday night, it was 10 pm and i was starving because I had not eaten dinner yet. Thankfully, we happened to see that Beef Eater was open until 11 pm. I had heard from several friends that it was good and reasonably priced, so my girlfriend and I stopped in. It's right on the main strip of downtown Hollywood.First thing we ate was the basket of bread that came with their delicious chimichurri sauce. Looking at the other reviews, I second the person that said it is "to die for" but to watch out. I'll explain that in a minute.For my entree, I was craving a steak and asked the waitress for a recommendation. She said the best steak in the house is the ribeye, which was on special for $21.95. This is a bit more expensive than the other steaks on the menu. You can get a skirt steak for around $15, and I would like to try that next time. However, my ribeye was cooked medium just the way I requested, charred on outside, pink on the inside. It was really juicy and tasted great. It did have a decent amount of fat on it, but the waitress warned me and, hey it's a ribeye, so that was not unexpected. I thought the steak was fantastic. I ordered a baked potato with it and thought it was kind of a small potato to serve with a $22 steak, but I digress. The steak was good, and that was all I cared about at this point.My girlfriend was not that hungry so she ordered 4 of the "Gaucho pies" ($1.95 apiece) which they might as well just call empanadas, because that's what they are. She got 2 "meat" (beef) and 2 chicken ones. She was only able to eat 3 of them, so I gladly helped with the other one. They were decent, but a little dry and needed some kind of sauce or something, so I tried the chimichurri sauce on them. That was a good call. The only problem with that is, the sauce has a ton of garlic in it. When we got home, we both brushed and rinsed with some strong mouthwash. Even after that, we both had a strong garlic odor that seemed to not go away for awhile. So be warned. It's good, but accept the fact that you will have garlic breath for a few hours. In summary, I thought Beef Eater was a good choice for a steak and will definitely return soon, hopefully to try some of the other stuff on the menu.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,11/18/2009,103,159,9,12,9>If you are looking for delicious greek food, without the annoying environment that OPA offers, then this is the place for you.  Thira is decorated with subtle lighting and traditional greek influences here and there, nothing too overdone.The food is great. They start you off with complimentary hummus and bread, which was great for being complimentary. I ordered the Lemonokato chicken which came with veggies and potatoes. I found my plate to be lacking something, I just wasn't all that impressed by it. But that didn't mean the other entrees in my table weren't good. My friend ordered the Gyro Platter which was delicious, especially the fresk Tzasiki sauce they make. Another friends had the Chicken Souvlaki which I wish I wouldve ordered cause the chicken was full of flavor and it came in a big portion. And my sister had the 12 oz steak with feta mashed potatoes and that was pretty amazing as well.Thira could benefit from being a little quicker in service, especially when waiting for refills or take our orders, but for the price and the food, it was well worth it.
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2009,11/17/2009,196,289,9,16,14>How to beat the mid-afternoon office blues?Why, by hosting an impromptu cupcake tasting party!While procrastinating from my tasks at work on Yelp, I came across the fact that these gals had finally opened up and did so only blocks away from my office!I grabbed my purse and hopped on to the metromover before I could think twice about my deadlines for the day.  2 Girls is conveniently located right by the Knight Center stop on the Metromover.The location still looks a little rough, but the what is rough is more than made up for by the bubbly personalities of the bakers/owners -- two young and effusive ladies who are fans of Kim Kardashian.  One of the flavors that day was the Tiara because it was Kim's birthday.  After my purchase, I donned a birthday hat and posed with her cupcake for a picture that will be sent in a package to her publicist.  How cute and silly is that?I am such a cupcake glutton that the only way to avoid eating nine cupcakes by myself is to share them with my co-workers.  Nine is exactly how many flavors they had to offer that day on the dry-erase board.  The flavors change daily.  Mini-cupcakes are only available for catering.These cupcakes look like ones that I could make myself, but then I am an amateur cupcake baker.  What I mean, is that the decor was minimal.  The frosting and sprinkles hint at what flavor cupcake you have or what could be found inside.  For example, the Pina Colada cupcake had coconut flakes on top of the white frosting.  The Guava cupcakes had guava jelly under the dollop of white frosting on top.  The Mystery Flavor (Baller like Wade) which contained chocolate filling also had a layer of chocolate syrup under the dollop of frosting.The cake is rich and moist.  The frosting, depending on the flavor combo, is the right amount of gritty sweetness that I like on a cupcake for the perfect cake-to-frosting ratio.  The best part about a cupcake tasting party is that you can find out about other flavors without having to ingest the calories yourself.  In exchange for providing free cupcakes (which I split into halves and quarters), my co-workers were made to report their findings to me.A huge success.  While not all the flavors were hits, I am definitely coming back the next time I need to escape the office for a guilty indulgence!
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2009,11/16/2009,352,828,5,11,7>Hakkasan is an upscale Chinese restaurant with classy private eating areas and incredible food. The W and I started with their Hot and Sour Soup. A unique flavor and served piping hot. After I finally finished the last spoonful, it felt like I had just run a marathon. It was delicious! For drinks, the W was having an ice tea (very sour) and I had their Hakkatini. The next dish served were the Fried Dim Sum. One was with very tender pieces of meat and the other an unusual shrimp prawn on garlic toast fried with a coating of seasame seeds. Next, the main course arrived- the Stir Fry Black Pepper Beef, Wild Mushroom Pulled Noodle and Egg Fried Rice. The beef was inbelievable, tender and juicy. The noodles and the rice were also excellent. For dessert we finished it off with a lineup of three different types of sorbet, suggested by our waiter- Strawberry, White Peach and Cherry.We dined during a Miami Spice month. Make sure you ask for the Spice menu.Hakkasan is located on the 4th floor at the  North end of the Fontainebleau. You will walk through the long hallway past Gotham and Veda and go through two doors near a pool entrance to the elevators.There is valet parking at the main resort entrance on the South end of the property. You will probably see a line if taxi cabs at the entrance.Both the W and I enjoyed Hakkasan. I am certain it gets very crowded on the weekends so reservations are mandatory.
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2009,11/15/2009,331,340,3,5,6>We sat in the bar area last night after a quick change in dinner locations, the bar area was all that was open, but it s was fine. We got a great bottle of wine, and the server/bartender was super enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the food and wine menu.... which is ALWAYS a total plus in my book. We started with the Duck Prosciutto wrapped scallops and the Fois Gras for starters. Both were amazing, though the scallops could have been salted/seasoned a little better, and there was no salt or pepper on the table. Hmm...Maybe they are just that confident about their cooking? Either way, it was good. We ordered the Black and White pizza with black truffles and ricotta cheese, we were torn between that and the prosciutto pizza so we added the meat to the B&W pizza. It was great! but this point we were both full, so ended up wrapping up the pizza. The Brick oven is BEAUTIFUL, and the atmosphere is fantastic (besides the table of obnoxious peeps from Jersey/NY that were THROWING lemons!). I cant wait to go back and try the dinner entree. The short ribs look amazing!!!!
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,11/14/2009,162,138,6,11,7>The first time I had Popscorn was way back in 2004. I had to trek all the way over to Weston for massage therapy several times a week. After my sessions I would walk around  Town Center and that's when I discovered this gem of a place. I don't know about you but the smell of popcorn just does something to me. There I was minding my own business when the smell of freshly popped popcorn wafted through the air and teased my unsuspecting nose...I started salivating and had to find the source. It was the cutest little place. In the window there was a little area where you could watch them make Chocolate covered Caramel Popcorn.  Back then they had so many different types of popcorn...Key Lime, Strawberry, Sour Cream & Chives, Vanilla Rum Butter (I think but I'm not sure...)Now they are no longer in Weston...they're at Pembroke Pines Mall. They've still managed to maintain the charm and the popcorn is still unbelievably yummy! They no longer carry all the flavors they had back in the day :(  I really loved the Sour Cream and Chives. Now their flavors include Butter Popcorn, Kettle Corn, Cheddar Popcorn, Caramel Corn and Chocolate Covered Caramel Corn.I know you'll think I'm weird but you should try mixing the cheddar popcorn with the caramel corn. It sounds like an odd combination but it's actually really tasty.
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,11/13/2009,286,311,4,6,6>i got my membership before the opening last October and was a bit worried about becoming a member before seeing the place finished. What a relief to see how beautiful the place turned out ! The decoration is exotic and colorful. The atmosphere is intimate with dim lights, nice music and friendly trainers. I usually go in the evening and weekends so the place seems never crowded. You have a wide variety of machine to workout with TV screen and I-Pod connectivity. The personal trainers are very helpful and the classes are very well done. In short this gym is awesome. The changing rooms have everything you need, from towels to shampoo and conditioner. There's a steam room for each gender. The women's one has some problems so that's the only negative point I can relate. There's also a SPA (also amazingly beautiful) but the prices are expensive so I never used it. You have direct access to the swimming pools of the Gansevoort and the beach. Many people complain about parking but since I don't have a car, I can't comment about that. I usually walk or take the bus to go so to me everything is good. To conclude, I am always happy to go to the Gym and leave it even more energized then when I arrived.
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2009,11/12/2009,73,158,6,8,7>i am a barcelona freak and honestly believe its one of, it not the, best place to eat in europe. that said, whenever i miss barna i hit up xixon!!! this place is so authentic, right down the waiter's attitude (seriously, you need to flag them down if you want something else...) however, waiter's are great at guiding you during your meal, they often tell us we over-order (i've spoken about my husband's ability to eat before....they grossly underestimate his abilities there) the croquettas are the best around imo (not cuban croquettas by any stretch of the imagination) they have plenty of wines there in any price range that they will open for you if you would like a little tinto w/ your meal.do not miss their turron ice cream - its obsession worthy.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,8/4/2008,259,519,4,5,6>Before my first trip to Fox's a friend described it to me as "dank." He was right...and dank has never felt this good.Fox's is the place to go when you just want to hang out and have a few drinks without obnoxious music and seizure-inducing lights. The crowd is always cool and the food is pretty good, too. Great place to bring out-of-town friends.
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2007,8/3/2008,3,9,2,6,4>Okay. The self-indulgent "lifestyle" store is a little much. Coffee table hard cover books that push coolness like a dope dealer. Off-beat t-shirts that cost an atrocious bundle of money coupled with designer shoes that one can't find unless they spend an enormous amount time on the internet or shopping in Milan, New York, London, Paris or Berlin. If you can stomach the arrogance, spend some time listening to the tunes. As far as selection goes, you can't find a better global assortment of acoustic, ambient, lounge, house, club and soulful music anywhere else but Base. Don't try to buy Beyonce, Justin Timberlake or Trick Daddy at this joint. But take an hour to pour through the shelves of CDs and you'll find something that fits your taste buds and then unapologetically show it off to your friends.
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,8/2/2008,3,6,3,9,3>A must on Miami's Cuban food circuit.  Best vaca frita in town!  La Habana Vieja (Old Havana) is a great Cuban restaurant with a solid menu.  The vaca frita is so good I hardly ever try anything else.  But when I have ventured beyond the 'fried cow,' I've always been satisfied.  The tostones (fried green plantains) are huge and perfectly flat, and the plantain soup is a must.La Habana Vieja has a wonderfully priced lunch special and, if you don't mind an older crowd, an even better early bird special between 5 and 7 p.m. that includes a soup or salad, entree, sangria, and dessert.It's not the hippest place in town and doesn't have the "see and be seen" atmosphere of the better known Versailles or Larios, but for a quality, authentic Cuban meal, you can't miss at La Habana Vieja.
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2007,8/1/2008,6,3,2,2,2>I absolutely love Books & Books!  I've only visited the Lincoln Road store so I'll speak about that one in particular. It has a great selection of books, not too overwhelming,  great ambiance. Also, their cafe is pretty good, good food.
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2008,7/31/2008,341,375,3,4,4>what a cool place for kids and kids that look like adults (like me)
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,7/29/2008,29,6,5,7,6>Hands down, one of Brickell's best kept secrets.  I was on my way home and remembered I had to pick up a bottle of wine (yes, HAD to.  My roommate and I were out and that's a crime in our house).  What better place to stop than at the liquor store in that sketchy strip mall on coral way where Little Havana meets Brickell.  As I'm getting of my car thinking "red or white? maybe both?" there it was, sandwiched between the liquor store and random laundromat was a tiny sushi bar no bigger than your average studio apartment. My curiosity got the best of me and I diverted to the mysterious sushi place called Sake Room Express.  As I opened the door, I was greeted by a friendly women behind the wooden bar that makes up the entire restaurant.  She handed me a menu with endless options of sushi rolls, fried rice, soup, salads and even warm plates.  The best part was when I looked to the right of the menu the prices were so very reasonable.At this point, I knew I had to order something from my latest discovery.  If it was good, my roommate and I could stop complaining about half of our paycheck going to our expensive habit - eating sushi. I arrived home with two bottles of wine,  two sushi rolls, a seaweed salad and a side of fried rice which only cost me $20 (minus the wine).  I know, hard to believe, but it's true!  On top of it being cheap it was some of the best sushi I've had in Miami.  Very fresh and generous portions.If you live in the area, they also deliver.  Check it out and be pleasantly surprised!
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2008,7/28/2008,944,946,1,7,4>The self-guided walking tour of the Art Deco district of South Beach is a great way to get acquainted with the wonderful art deco buildings that spot our lovely beach town.The Miami Design Preservation League sponsors these tours, and you can pick up your iPod and headphones, along with a map, at the Art Deco Welcome Center, at 12th & Ocean (this is the temporary location while the original 1001 Ocean Dr space is being renovated).  The cost is $15 per person, and the tour lasts about 90 minutes, depending on how fast you walk, and whether you want to stop somewhere along the way.I'm a fan of the self-guided tour because you can go at your own pace, and if something just doesn't interest you, you can skip it.  The iPod contains descriptions of about 15 stops along the tour, and provides quality information about the origins of the Art Deco movement, as well as certain common Art Deco features that you will no doubt be pointing out for years to come!The tour is great for tourists and locals alike.  I'd been living down here over 3 years before I finally went on the tour, and now I recommend it to everyone who even expresses the faintest interest!At the end of the tour, a book containing several other walking tours is described, yet it always seems to be sold out of the gift shop!
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2008,7/27/2008,15,9,2,6,4>Such a beautiful building!!! I've been there twice now for events and each time I'm just awed by the inside of the building. The solid white walls and the contemporary molds with the traditional dark wood stair case really makes you appreciate the finer details of the space. It's a great place to host events whether for an art show, a shopping event or even a wedding. It's a chic venue where you almost have to do nothing to create an upscale atmosphere. There are 4 floors but usually only the first three are utilized but are all open in the middle so you can gaze up and down to see the action on all of the floors. If you are looking to host an event for a few hundred people I would definitely recommend this space.
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2008,7/26/2008,106,188,4,4,4>The best place to go when you dont' want to deal with anything but loud music & good drinks.  Automatic Slims is small & as a homey as a bar with scantily-clad girls in plaid can be. Become a regular & the bouncer lets you in with a hug.  Come after 11:30 pm & expect to wait as if it were a silly SoBe club but don't feel like a loser; you're just too late for the party that's been going on for an hour. Stick around & wait for the fire marshall to leave & you'll enjoy every second you're there.Entertainment can be found on the bar or at the stripper pole in the back.
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2008,7/25/2008,1381,665,3,9,4>I have been hanging out at the Diplomat since it opened sometime in 2001-02...  They have a great outdorr bar area called the Diplomat Landing, which is actually across the street from the hotel, on the Intercoastal side.  Great happy hour, great vibe, yuppi crowd - young, urban professionals...  :)  Awesome place to meet up with a crowd and start your night!The hotel itself was designed very lavishly, but somehow in construction, they failed.  Inside the hotel are palm trees that are frozed with liquid nitrogen running underneath at all time (to keep them frozen).  So the palm trees you see are REAL, not fake.  The concierge desk is hidden to one side, and not easily located.  The front desk has ample space, however, most of the staff is snooty and rude.My first time staying in the hotel itself was in 2004, where I stayed as part of a conference for my job at the time.  I decided to make the weekend 2-part, by including play with work, so I invited a few girlfriends to stay with me.  We were young at the time (I must have been 24 and looked 14!), and we were treated very rudely by all the staff.  I even had an incident with the Front Desk Manager, who lost an envelope I left at the Front Desk for a coworker.After our soured weekend experience, I wrote the GM a nice little letter, on company letterhead, and let me tell you what service I received after that!  I was not only reimbursed for that weekend (both nights, right back to my credit card), but he also sent me a gift certificate for 2 more free nights!!!  SCORE!!!I used it the following summer (05) and went with my boyfriend.  What a much better experience that time around.  The staff was pleasant and courteous (were they pre-warned?!?!) and our experience was enjoyable...The rooms are nice and roomy.  The bathtub has a sliding door that opens up to the room, which trust me, comes in handy!  ;-)  The beds are very soft and sumptuous!  Makes you want to stay in bed all day!Some downsides...  Everything is price.  For being a Westin chain, I guess that's expected, however, I didn't find the prices worth the while...  The outdoor pool restaurant (Splash) is very expensive.  4 sandwiches, a basket of fries and 3 drinks was $125!!!  Really?!?!?  C'mon now!  That's a tad ridiculous.  I don't mind spending a lot of money on food, but it better be worth it!  I ordered a turkey club!  Get real!They used to have a night clubthere called Satine, but I have no idea if that still exists.  Their lobby bar's happy hour used to be phenomenal, but again, it's been at least 2 years since I've been there...However, based on other reviews, doesn't seem much has changed...  :)All in all - good place to relax, nice atmosphere, pretty views...
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,8/3/2012,944,946,15,20,16>Never in a million years did I think that I would (1) shoot a gun, and (2) enjoy it. But under the excellent tutelage of the guys at TFA, I can now say I'm comfortable handling and shooting a pistol.I signed up for the Tactical Pistols 1 class offered by the TFA guys, in a special Sunday class organized by a friend of mine. He'd organized a CCW class with TFA back in May, but I wasn't able to attend that one for one reason or another. But based on everyone's raves about that class and TFA in general, I knew I'd be in good hands.Andy and John are the guys behind TFA, and they will do their damnedest to make sure you get every cent of your money's worth if you take a class with them. Our class was about 9 hours of instruction - half safety rules and dry drills (with dummy bullets), and half shooting drills on the range.  Andy, John, and their support staff made sure to pay individual attention to all 15 students in the class, taking extra time to help out with those who needed that extra care. And when a few students didn't pass the "exam" at the end of the course, they were more than happy to set up the targets for a second go-round. Lucky for me, thanks to their excellent instruction (and probably more than a little beginner's luck), I passed on the first try!While they do quite a bit of classes and training locally, our class was out at their range in Clewiston, meaning on top of a 9-hour class, we had an hour and a half in the car each way. Despite the length of the day, I can honestly say that TFA's Tactical Pistols 1 class was never dull or boring. Just be sure to follow their instructions if you're told to bring lunch with you - we were a long way from civilization!Whether you're looking to become comfortable around guns, want to get your CCW permit, or are just looking to become a sharper shooter, you can't go wrong with class from TFA!
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,8/2/2012,32,30,10,13,18>If you're Cuban, you've heard it all before; what Cuba was like, what it could have been, the dreamers, the entrepreneurs, the beaches, the flavor. There is no doubt that Cuba had endless possibilities before communism and that it is a sad fact, especially to those who knew its beauty and potential, that it did not continue evolving into the perfect little island it would be today had it not been for a revolution. I never knew that Cuba. But I like to dream of what my life would have been like if things hadn't changed. And I swear that in those dreams existed Tinta y Cafe before it ever did on Calle Ocho. A mix of Old Cuban Jazz, Danzon, and other genres you would typically have heard "en una comparsa" plays in the cafe. Low enough to speak and think, and loud enough to enjoy. The walls mounted with bookshelves provide endless options to learn a little about Cuba's history, poets, music, take your pick, while you sip your cafesito (y tremendo cafesito at that). The staff feels like you're en casa de tu tia and she's serving you as if she hasn't seen you since you were 6. All smiles, all the time. Aside from all of the above, I realize this is a restaurant and you come here to eat. With that said, think one word: "Homemade". You have never eaten a Cuban sandwich like this unless your Abuelita made it. Maybe even better than the one she made you that time you had the flu, when she made sure to burn the cheese a little on the edges because it's how you like it..... Yeah... Exactly.  The overall experience at Tinta y Cafe is bitter sweet. I love the vibe, the people, the food, the feel, I want to sit here for hours thinking and writing and chit chatting with locals... but I can't help but wish "the locals" were back where my parents called home. I can't help but picture, in place of the shopping center across the street, Versailles Beach in the distance. I can't help but acknowledge that if Cuba were different Tinta y Cafe is the essence of the gems that would have flourished and attracted locals and tourist just the same. This place tells a story... and although I can't put it into a review, it's a story that will be told eventually. So go, sit, watch, eat, enjoy and if you're lucky, you'll walk away inspired (as I have) to tell it.
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,8/1/2012,37,58,6,13,9>I've been looking for a place like this ever since I moved to Miami- an authentic Italian market. I'd heard good things about Laurenzo's and was blown away! First off the bakery is legit- and amazing. All of the holiday cookies, Italian delicacies, biscotti, etc. All homemade, and they know their stuff. I'm not Italian but it made me wish I had an Italian nonna that made these sorts of treats! Pizzelle cookies and all sorts of "from the homeland" goodies.They have a prepared foods counter with pasta, chicken parm, sausage and peppers, in addition to a sandwich area. They have a huge case entirely full of marinated veggies, salads to go and all the antipasti fixings. They have a second case entirely full of different types of olives. They also have a full butcher, sausage selection and even a fish counter.The fish counter blew me away. Fresh everything- stone crab claws were on sale for $14.99/lb. Huge Florida lobsters on sale for $9.99/lb. They even have some ceviche type prepared salads and that seaweed/sesame salad that they serve at a lot of sushi bars/Japanese restaurants. What stole my heart was the aisles of dry goods- an entire aisle full of pastas, every type, brand, size, you name it. A second aisle was devoted to tomatoes, sauces, imported vegetables. They even have an "ethnic" foods isle full of Asian, Turkish, Swedish, German, etc foodstuffs.They have imported butters I've never seen anywhere else in S.Florida, great selection of prepared sauces, two cases full of fresh pastas. They even have an aisle with low salt/sodium prepared foods, all sorts of spices (I purchased a 16 oz jar of dried lavender from Provence- great for sprinkling on a cheese tray or desserts for $3.50!)I didn't try the cafe but they have free wine tastings every Saturday from 1-5 and there was a nice sized group of locals there enjoying some wine and hot foods. It was charming.The place is a little run down and it could use a lot of dusting, for sure, but the sheer selection of all the items you didn't know they even imported, are here. I leave off a star because I purchased an Italian hoagie to go and it was the most bland sandwich I've ever had. That was disappointing. It just taught me to buy the fixings there and make the sandwich at home. I've literally had a more authentic and tasty Italian "grinder" from Fresh Market....All in all I will be going back now that I know they have all the esoteric and unusual ingredients that they do- they even have an interesting aisle next to the wine that has orange blossom water and rose flower water and pomegranate molasses- just the thing for making interesting cocktails at home or to use in desserts or ice cream. It's definitely a fun place to browse for anyone who loves to cook!
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,7/31/2012,328,239,9,8,9>Maybe by the time you read this review Eating House is gone. Maybe it will still  be there. I am hoping Eating House will still be alive, at a new location. Whichever the case may be, make sure you look them up and pay them a visit.Eating House is the type of restaurant that is more an experience than just a meal. My trip to Eating House gave me a new perspective on cooking and using ingredients "wisely" from the eyes of a foodie. Dinning at Eating House is like being in a TV show where the chefs are invited to a home and challenged to cook with ingredients available in the fridge and the pantry. Can they deliver a superb dish that will knock your socks off? Well, yes they can.Eating House is exactly what it claims to be: a restaurant that cooks home food with a technical advantage, creating dishes that may be called gourmet when in reality they are common ingredients paired with gourmet ones. Simply stated, they will deceive you into believing that you are enjoying a gourmet experience. For example, let's take one of the more popular dishes, the chicken and waffles. At the bottom of the plate, maple syrup and ranch sauce. On top, fried chicken cooked to perfection (crunchy and moist), and then Eggo waffles and candied bacon. Wait, did you say Eggo waffles? Ranch sauce? Oh! No! Seems like a disappointment!  But wait, no, I don't think so. The candied bacon alone makes you forget that you are eating Eggo waffles at a restaurant, puzzles you and makes you think "what the hell is this candied bacon doing on my plate?".To summarize the Eating House experience is to compare it to plucking a beautiful melody out of a beat up guitar. It is almost a contradiction, a moment to reflect, and a reason to smile. Perhaps the most important thing that you take with you is not the fact that you had a great dinning experience, but the fact that you could turn anything into a great dish by mixing simple ingredients with your passion for dinning. As the mantra of a famous movie goes, "anyone can cook". Enjoy.
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,7/30/2012,106,244,12,15,7>4 or 5 star, maybe 4.5.As a native, I can say there is NOTHING like this place anywhere near the tri-county area. So bonus star for uniqueness. There are sooo many reviews for this establishment that has been around for a good long time - Most affordable day spa sums it up best. No better dollar value for the general admission. It's a little pricier on the specialty treatments - the massages going well in excess of the norm in Miami (with an additional admission fee) - so minus a starDingy - I don't think so - in fact I found it to be remarkably clean considering the volume of water, heat and people in a below grade structure. Does it show it's age here and there, yes, considering it's in the former Playboy Hotel built in the 1930's. (ohh, if the walls could talk)A couple of tips - Come early (opens at noon) if your don't want to be freaked by the crowd and stay as long as you like. (I swear, NO ONE is encouraging you to leave).Trust the lockers - leave want you want there. (phone, snacks) All the charges are billed to your locker # so no money or purse is necessary and you don't want to schlep them anyway. DRINK LOTS and LOTS of WATER. We brought our own water bottles. If you are too squeamish to drink tap then bring extra bottles. YOU WILL NEED THEM!!!!!If you are going to spurge (and I fully recommend that you do) then find Sergey in the Russian Room (all the way in the back) and let him beat you to 50 shades of Grey. Yes Sir! Don't argue, just trust him. He will beat those bad little toxins right on out.A little negative - the cafe didn't open till 4:30 and I was starving and there is some construction going on near the pool area. WE thought we would go to the pool but after so many rounds of hot and cold clean water, the thought of chlorine didn't appeal. Who knew such a day could whoop you so good. A delightful lunch and 1 beer and I slept like the dead and woke up renewed.
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,7/29/2012,276,46,5,10,6>For those unfamiliar with Boba Teas, this is the quick version: Boba Tea comes from  Taiwan.  it's sweetened milk tea with flavors such as mango or coconut or almond, or just tea. Optionally they are served with "pearls" or "bobas," which is essentially tapioca balls the size of peas, flavored with black tea. These stories are plentiful in places where there are high densities of Asians and Asian Americans, where people usually get teas and eat snacks while playing cards or watching Korean pop music videos.   When I moved to South Beach from San Francisco two months ago, I made a couple of assumptions: there would be a beach and there would be a lot of beautiful people walking up and down said beach. Check! My choices for Latin food would shoot up a thousandfold and there would be many, many Latin eating establishments to choose from. Check!  And moving away from the Bay Area, sadly, there would be less awesome authentic Asian food and drink. Sadly, check. So when I heard that there was going to be a boba tea shop in Miami Beach I nearly fell over: there are other Taiwanese people?  And they're opening up stores? A block away from me?! I tried not to get my hopes up - I've had a lot of boba tea back in my day, and the last time I went to a "boba tea" stall at Aventura Mall, their served their tea unsweetened, with soy milk and pearls the consistency of wasabi peas. That's blasphemy.Thankfully, I was not disappointed at Momo Cha. The owners of the store also own an Asian market in North Miami so they have a lot of imported food items from Taiwan, so my boyfriend and I were able to grab some red bean mochi. I ordered an almond tea with pearls and I wasn't disappointed -- big straws, decent sweetness. The bobas didn't have the chewiness that I had back at the RenRen in Fremont, California, but come on now, this is a Boba store on super touristy Espanola Way, and beggars can't be choosers.As Boba Tea is an Asian thing - and not just an Asian thing, but a young adult Asian thing - they don't get a lot of business, even with all the street traffic, and I want them to do well. Here's hoping they get that business, and they get an instant five stars for making me feel just slightly less homesick, if absolutely nothing else.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,7/28/2012,398,476,7,9,7>I happened upon a food truck event in Margate, and decided to stop by for a few minutes. When I saw this truck, I knew I had to place an order. I had just read two articles online earlier in the week that voted them the best flan and best key lime pie in Miami. Well naturally, I had to try both. When I got near the front of the line, one of the truck workers (Derek himself?) was crossing multiple items off of their board, indicating that they were sold out. I panicked slightly, hoping my intended orders weren't next.I stepped up to order, and asked for the flan (which was almond)... to which the girl said, "that's our last one." Cue another item being struck from the list. Score. And of course, I got the key lime pie. I didn't eat them that night, or even the next day. Two days passed before I dug into the flan, and MAN was that good. It was velvety and melted in your mouth. Just divine. Never thought I'd enjoy something from a disposable metal tin that much. A full week passed before I got around to trying the key lime pie (also in a disposable metal tin, this one ever-so-slightly larger). Now, I LOVE me some key lime pie. I'm a connoisseur, if you will. I'm not an easily-fooled tourist who thinks a green piece of pie is natural (hint: if someone serves you green key lime pie, run away! REAL key limes are yellow!). Was this the best key lime pie ever? No... but then again, it had been sitting in my fridge for a week. Even so, it really was darn good though, and for the price, it's a great deal. It's comparable to the price of a slice from Publix, but the taste is far better (and even then, Publix makes a decent key lime pie).Looking back, I'm not surprised that they were selling out of items left and right. I'm lucky I got what I did, because for the quality and the price, it makes sense that they'd sell like hotcakes. Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to dessert if you come across this particular food truck... you won't be sorry!
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,7/27/2012,25,126,10,10,6>ALL HAIL THE GREATEST INVENTION EVER!!!1) no children for 6PM and later showing2) Seats just like First Class on Airlines3) Tables for food and drinks4) Booze!5) one of the best meals i have had in Miami! (filet oscar, yummy PB&J Cheesecake for dessert)6) amazing wait staff7) did i mention the booze?8) so comfortable, its like watching in your own livingroom9) Popcorn comes in *real* bowls, sodas in *real* glasses10) Yep - booze, even a chiller for our wine bottle11) assigned seating - small, intimate theater - you arent crowded, and since most people opt for dinner, snacks,etc - the cost usually keeps the trouble makers out12) no "IMAX/3D crap" - just a nice movie screen, quiet audience and comfy chairs - with BOOZE!I have NOTHING bad to say - yes, it is not cheap when you include booze and food - BUT - it was CHEAPER including the movie - than most dinners we have had in Miami.I am beyond spoiled at this point - i will NEVER go to a movie in a normal movie theater again! Just wish they had one in SouthBeach or Brickell so I didnt have to go to the icky Dophin Mall!Keep up the most excellent work, and cannot wait to come back!
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,7/26/2012,177,107,5,11,8>Panther Coffee, how I love thee....Let me count the ways......As a coffee lover I have to admit to being continuously disappointed by the love of the mega-coffee plex we need not name, so when Panther popped up I was willing to make the trek. The local roasters at Panther pride themselves by bringing in only the best of beans and treating them respectfully so. Once you take a sip of any one their brews you'll instantly notice what you've been missing from coffee drinks for so long; bold, intense flavor with a smooth, bitter-less finish that leaves a taste in your mouth you wish would linger just a bit longer. Here there is no need for whipped cream or complicated drink concoctions, a simple latte or espresso does the trick. The brews are so good that I even let my little ones take a sip so they too can enjoy the true flavors of good beans roasted right. Panther's Iced Coffee is ideal on a hot Miami day and if you want the recipe they are more than willing to share. When I'm in the area I pick up a cup and load up with whole beans to last me till I return. And since Panther is popping up on a good amount of my "favorite places" menus' I get to enjoy it more often than not.  Tip-try a cup with some of the bread pudding they offer from Blue Collar...it's perfection.
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,7/25/2012,352,828,4,8,4>I was hooping it up with the Bros and I went for the steal and got all ball but I heard a snapping of my left index finger. Rather than go to Emergency or my doctors, I made an appointment at Miami Hand Center in Coral Gables. After a hours of ice, I found myself in their waiting room. There were a room full of people with hand injuries. I've never seen so many people in casts in one place. When it was my turn, the X-Ray Technician took several shots of my finger (commented on its nice color) and by the time I returned to the patient room, my X-Rays were displayed on the flat screen for Dr. Roberto Miki, M.D. I was worried about wearing a cast, but luckily I only tore one of the three ligaments. He wrote me a prescription for a splint and I went upstairs to their Therapy Center. Their Physical Therapist created a custom plastic splint for my finger and the only decision was the color of the velcro. I heard that two of the biggest causes of finger injuries is basketball and flag football. I am relieved that I will still be able to use my index finger during the recovery period. Although I may not be able to hoop, I will be able to use my keyboard. There is a large private parking lot in back. If you have a hand injury, the Miami Hand Center in Coral Gables is the place in the 305.
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/29/2013,587,1627,7,11,10>I'm more than proud to give this establishment it's first double-digit review! And even more proud to give it the honorable 5-stars!Because frankly, there was nothing to not love:+ Friendly service (as always, from the lovely Laura who runs the place and hails from Valencia, Venezuela)+ Fresh beef (none of the frozen patties stuff going on the grill) makes for amazing burgers+ Fresh-cut, house-cut french fries+ Sauces-galore for your own picking (at least 9 different sauces)Yes, this place is already known for being award-worthy for their hot dog (asquerocito "messed-up" dog) and chicken sandwich (full load version includes bacon, avocado, and fried egg on top of what comes with the standard - cheese, ham, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, corn, sauces, and of course, the hamburger itself). But really, you can't go wrong with anything in the menu.The large fast-food menu to also include parrillas, pepitos (french-bread-based fast food), salads, choripan, and hot dogs of various types (vegetarian, bratswurst, Sabrett, regular) and various styles (Venezuelan, Mexican, Chicago, Chili, and Frankfurter). There's also offer desserts and batidos - ask what they have.Also, congratulations are in order as it has become a brick-and-mortar establishment - it's looking good! Regrettably, I am not the kind of person who goes out of the way for fast food, but if I was, then I'd be here every single day (wallet-permitting)! Regardless, I will be returning soon.
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,3/28/2013,328,239,12,14,11>The name Pincho Factory made me think this was a real brick and mortar pincho place. Let me explain what I understand for pincho. If you have gone to the Orange Bowl, to the Fair, to Santa's Enchanted Forest, or to the Court House, you know what pincho I am talking about. If you don't know what I'm talking about, go to the intersection of Fountainebleau Blvd and 97 Ave, where there's a pincho lady. But before I get carried away, a pincho in Miami is a few pieces of pork on a skewer, cooked on a grill and topped with BBQ sauce. Good on-the-go food, disruptive to any normal digestive process.So, after hearing many things about Pincho Factory, and reading many things, I felt that if I didn't hurry over I would be missing out. I bookmarked it and then, late one night, I found myself hungry and with nothing to do. I had seen that Pincho Factory was open late, so I went online, got myself a Yelp deal, and boom! Pincho Factory here I come!When I got there, to my surprise, there was no pork pinchos drenched in BBQ sauce. I dropped a Tony Montana "OK", and checked the menu. This place is like a chop chop place but instead of chopped chicken, it's a pincho on top. I must be in heaven. I ordered the steak pincho on rice (original sauce), Cajun fries, and a Lagunitas beer. The food took some time to cook, which is new to me, I thought this was a fast food place. When the food arrived, it looked good.I got my food and started to analyze everything piece by piece. One french fry, nothing special, a piece of steak, it's OK, some rice, I don't get it, some sauce, what a bust. Then I had a revelation, and I quickly mixed everything together.  What seemed bland suddenly turned delicious. The ingredients put apart are not impressive, but if you eat it all together they make a wonderful experience. My steak pincho magically turned into something like a lomo saltado. The Lagunitas beer was doing its magic and things were good for me.When I finished eating, my hunger was subsided and I was truly satisfied. A Miami Heat game was playing on the TV screen, so I stayed for a bit to let the food settle. As time passed, I realized that this same plate, minus the fries and called a kabob instead of a pincho (at a restaurant in the Gables called P*sh*), it's double the amount and not nearly as good or generous. On a strict economic sense, Pincho Factory is the winner.Three days later, I was back for more. This time I went with friends. I had a burger, my friends had hot dogs and my better half a chicken rice platter. I asked about the dogs, and I was told that they were pretty good. The chicken platter also got good compliments. As far as my burger, I won't label it as enormous, I have regular sized hands, but I would say that it reminded me of my years in college when things were home made and there was no mega nothing. That alone makes Pincho Factory a winner, and I appreciate it.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,3/27/2013,64,481,7,14,8>Swine is open and Coral Gables may be cool yet.Went to dinner with friend on Saturday night and it was very good. They did a nice job renovating the former Les Halles, which could have used a small thermonuclear device. It is now very cozy with a communal table in front of the open kitchen at the rear of the first floor and a great dining balcony on the second floor with its own bar. The decor is similar to, but a bit different than, Yardbird, one of their other restaurants.To start, the spicy watermelon cocktail was dangerous, you just wanted to keep on drinking which would be OK but you would miss the very good selection of wines they serve by the glass.We decided to order family style, which is a good idea. Two appetizers for the table, the Charcuterie plate and the Scallops. The charcuterie plate had two cured hams and pork rillettes. The Virginia ham was truly amazing, something that could easily give the infamous black foot pigs of Spain a run for their money. It just melted in your mouth. The other ham was very similar to prosciutto. The pork rillettes were as good as any I have had in France. The plate also contained some really good pimento cheese, coarse grain mustard (could have had a bit more mustard kick) and lots of great pickles. The scallops were served over a slow cooked shredded beef like a brisket or short rib, sorry cant remember which. This was a down home version of Pascals scallops and short ribs,For entrees we ordered the brisket, the ribs and the shrimp and grits and sides of the hippie steak (cauliflower) and mustard greens. With vegetables like those you just might forget you are in a place called Swine. The cauliflower did vaguely eat like a piece of meat and was excellent at the same time. I finally found  mustard greens with the right amount of vinegar. Why are people so afraid of vinegar? you could eat mounds of pulled pork or other heavily sauced meat as long as you had a gigantic side of these greens. The brisket was pretty good, see below. The ribs were excellent, sort of in the Chinese style, small, a bit on the dry side, but fall off the bone tender. The shrimp and grits are heavenly, the best I have had outside of Charleston, possibly the best I have had. Finally shrimp and grits served correctly with good (red eye?) gravy.I was hoping for a good take on the pecan pie for desert but the closest I could find was the sticky bun. I believe there was some pecan in there. Based on the richness of all food we had previously, I thought the sticky bun would be over the top and while good, it wasn't amazing. The two comments/concerns that I have are first, the bar area. It is tight and if this restaurant is as popular as it seems it will be, it could get pretty crowded around the bar. During the ribbon cutting ceremony, it was very difficult to move around the first floor. Second is the brisket, while excellent for Florida, it just isn't Texas brisket.....yet. They need to slice it thinner and change the sauce. There is nothing sweet, stickey or thick about the sauce served in Texas.Short of those issues our meal was excellent and we will be returning as soon as our waistlines recede.
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,3/26/2013,182,156,9,9,8>I had heard a lot about Maroosh from friends, but discovered where it's tucked one day while out for a run. I think running is one of the best ways to discover new restaurants, even if I do look a little funny stopping to take a look at the menu. Anyway, my husband and I snapped up a restaurant.com coupon (always makes me feel better about eating out), and walked over to this cute little restaurant.We decided to do the "pick 5" appetizer combo, which allows you to choose any 5 apps for $30. We selected hummus, grape leaves, falafel, mjaddarah (a delicious rice and lentil combo that we had never heard of before), and chicken wings. $30 for a feast of delights for 2.Now, I tried to fight him on the wings. I pulled out all the stops, saying that it wasn't very authentic, that we could get wings anywhere, that they probably wouldn't be good because it wasn't a wing place. But when he went to the bathroom I thought about love and sacrifice and how if I really truly cared for this man I would let him have the damn wings. So we got the wings.The wings were amazing. Don't ask me how the wings became my favorite part of this meal. When I eat, I typically talk aloud about how great everything is (if it's great) while I'm eating. It's really annoying but a habit hard to break. So thoughout dinner, I kept interrupting my husband to emphasize how awesome the lemony, tender grilled chicken wings were. I'm not sure if they were breaded but they were not fried, so they seemed kinda healthy, which I loved. They were very different. I really recommend them!Everything else was awesome too. The grape leaves were perfect. The falafel was tasty and crispy with its delicious sauce. The rice/lentil mix was a great side. I enjoyed the hummus, but my husband thought it was a little peanut butter-y (we've experienced this before at other Mediterranean restaurants... not sure what's going on there). Some olive oil drizzled over it made it much better.We finished with baklava, which was the best I've had in a long time. They cut the gigantic piece in half and put it on 2 plates for us, which was cute. It was soo good.What I really loved was the awesome service. Our server was just attentive enough but not annoying, and the owner came around to check on us and was super nice. I also liked that they didn't make us feel weird about using a coupon at all (which I've had other restaurants do, unfortunately).My husband said the upstairs looks really cool, with lots of space for an event. I would love to come back with some friends, especially for the belly dancer nights!
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,3/25/2013,170,440,3,8,8>In the mood for a slice of pizza, this is the place to go, but be sure to either be very very hungry or ready to share!!!  It is amazing that even thou this difficult economy times, you can get such an awesome huge slice of pizza for $3.25!!!!  This is for a regular cheese slice, but trust me its delicious flavor needs to help from any toppings... It is a crispy paper thin crust topped with a generous amount of both sauce and cheese... baked to a crunchy bite!!!!  we requested slice to be cut in half and we were each able to have a nice slice for ourselves. order yourself a side of garlic rolls - 1/2 dozen $2.95 - this are fluffy nice size pieces of delicious bread - topped with just the right amount of garlic and oil!!! finger lickin delicious!!!we also had a sub - 7" Doughboys Special - $5.35 - a nice soft white bread filled with plenty of imported ham, hard salami & provolone.  Topped with lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles - even thou it is on menu under "cold subs" you can request for it to be heated.  we also had this cut in half.  service was awesome.  staff was friendly.  place was clean.  we really enjoined our meal and found all the serving sizes to be more than enough to share!!!we will be back for sure!
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,3/24/2013,16,77,3,9,7>This is the best dim sum I've had in south florida. They have a number of rarities that are done amazingly like the soupy dumpling (a dumpling made of a gelatinous inner material that becomes soup internalized once heated) and the sticky pork bun (crispy fried outside, sticky glutinous rice dough, with a succulent savory pork inside that is shockingly flavorful and delicious). Many of the reviews are somewhat bizarre. The prices are good for Miami, but I think people made the mistake of ordering dim sum at night. Dinner prices are higher, but most traditional dim sum never serve it except at lunchtime, if not only on weekends. The entrees look great, though I did not try them. From the chinese broccoli to shrimp eggplant all the ingredients were fresh, cooked to perfection, and solidly balanced. Nothing was too salty, gelatinous, or greasy as can happen. This place gets the little things right. For tea, they offer you jasmine, green, or oolong. It's housed in a gorgeous old building that feels homey. There's stained glass with ornate metal work, nice cosy paintings, a full bar, and lots of space/rooms. The owner was fraternizing with patrons, drinking wine, and chatting. Everyone was friendly, and the service was quit. I like a place where you can stroll in, chat with friends, enjoy great food without too much pomp or intrusions. This is my new go-to dim sum place, probably not more popular for location alone (in the abyss that is coral gables and a few blocks off miracle mile out of stumbling distance for all the bmw suv driving denizens).
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,3/23/2013,62,129,5,8,3>[Visit of Monday, January 21, 4pm] This is a nice new option in our neighborhood. But, as always when we want to walk to a restaurant, it was raining. I've seen some adverts for Ceviche By The Sea; a good thing as the location has been a restaurant cemetery and mandates aggressive marketing. The decor was very clean and elegant. It has a nice bar with a half-dozen bar stools. We sat at a table and started with the Tequenos de Lomo, four mini-empanadas stuffed with minced steak and onion. They tasted superb alone but even better with the dipping sauces that accompanied them;  Huancaina and the Anti-Cucho sauce. The Huancaina is a yellow chili and cheese sauce that combines two favorite flavors, lactose and heat. The anti-cucho dipping sauce was very similar to the beef and onion stock of a French Onion soup.  This was a very good starter.The entrees we ordered were the Chaufa (Fried Rice)  with shrimp, calamari, and mussels and the Salmon a la Chorrillana entree, $23 and $21 respectively. The Chaufa was excellent and needed no extra seasoning. The red chili sauce on the salmon didn't have a wide range of flavors, being mostly heat with a hint of tomato. it is accompanied with boiled purple fingerling potatoes which were very good. Since there were three of us, we had dessert; the Piqueo de Postres (Dessert Sampler) of Lucuma Panna Cotta, Suspiro Limeno, and something called Dia y Noche. The Panna Cotta and the Suspiro were similar, PC being a bread pudding flavored with a Peruvian fruit (lucuma) and the Suspiro being like a flan. The Dia y Noche was a gelatinous purple corn confection with slices of pear. They're served in three stemmed on-the-rocks glasses for $14. The Panna Cotta was the favorite of the three. Imagine a bread pudding subtly flavored with a fruit that is like a blend of caramel, pumpkin, and papaya. The first and principal negative at Ceviche-B-T-S  is the lack of differentiated value. You won't find a meal for under $20 here, not even a pasta dish. All the pasta dishes have protein and cost $21 or more. The Chaufa dish was made expensive because of the 4 jumbo U-12-size shrimp.  You could make it with a half-dozen 16/20 size shrimp and make the same profit at $19, and sell more. The service was good but not stellar. Our server relayed our questions about the food to other staffers within earshot before going to the chef. Since this is unfamiliar food to most Americans, it's a good idea to be prepared to explain it. The ambiance was relaxing but would be better served with balanced background music. We felt like we had to whisper to keep our conversation from bouncing around the small dining room. Perhaps some Peruvian tapestries to absorb sound might help? As always, pointing out negatives is meant to help the restaurateur, not to hurt them. The one-star yelpers with three total reviews should try to open their own restaurant. It would be fun to watch those snarky yelpers get their butts kicked. It's not an easy business, guys, and Ceviche-B-T-S's efforts to bring an exotic cuisine to life in our city should be applauded. We'll be back.
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,3/22/2013,284,497,5,6,7>4.5 stars only because they didn't have soy milk for my coffee. It's minor I know but 5 stars are for perfection after all. My good friend Dora is Italian and eats here twice per week, so that says it all right there. The place looks much nicer inside than from the street. Clean, espresso wood tables and polished concrete bar. The owner Tim went out of his way to make our Sunday brunch very special. For those of you that are into this sorta thing, bottomless mimosas for $15! The brunch menu includes breakfast platters like eggs, omelets and pancakes, all under $10, as well as lunch items like pasta carbonara and salads. I had an egg white omelette with fresh spinach, mushrooms and goat cheese, delicious. The home fries were freshly cut and fried. Unfortunately, they were out of whole wheat toast so I had to eat white bread. Thankfully, they gave us a side of very tasty blackberry preserves to make up for the lack of flavor in the bread.Coffee is strong and delicious. Now, the winner. They make their own Italian desserts in house. Tiramisu of course, chocolate mousse, apple crostata and lemon ricotta cheesecake. The ricotta cheesecake was out of this world. The slice was huge, with a crunchy, sweet crust and a perfect fluffy, moist, lemony, sweet filling. Just like my grandmother used to make. Except in Germany we use Quark instead of Ricotta. This beats NY style cheesecake all day long. The chocolate mousse was also delicious. It definitely had some full fat mascarpone cheese and probably heavy cream in it judging by the texture.Worth checking out for dinner.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,3/21/2013,763,459,22,22,10>SAWGRASS I LOVE YOU! Honestly every time that I venture to Sawgrass, I float into a deep therapeutic state of SHOPPING. The deals here, you cannot beat. Anywhere. Really. This is the classiest outlet I have ever been and I would put money that it is the classiest one in existence. Prada? Valentino? ARMANI?! No not Emporio Armani or Armani Exchange....I'm talking GEORGIO Armani. Yup.I could write a whole book on the amazing deals that I have found in this mall but honestly out of all the stores, the best deals here are at Off Saks 5th Avenue. If you go to Sawgrass and are looking for some real designer threads, you MUST check this place out. Holy crap. Emilio Pucci large scarves for $100?! 100?!!!!!! Roberto Cavalli dresses for $300?! You have GOT to be kidding me. Oh looord! They have a wide array of sides, colors, shapes, fabrics, o-m-g. Once I find a few things here, I have to be like blindfolded and carried out because I could be in here all damn day.Ok anyways, my close second favorite store here is Prada. You have to really look but there is always a hidden rack of things that are $75-$150. I purchased two dresses from here, both for $150. One of them honestly is so unique. It's a magical piece from the fashion gods and was originally over $1700. I got it for $150. Mhmmm! I got Prada flats here for $150 originally over $400. Like what? I'm still waiting for someone to bust into my apartment and be like "um excuse me ma'am but the Prada in the outlet mall is a figment of your imagination and we will have to take your stuff back now". Prada hobo bag for $150 that came with a makeup bag inside? Like seriously I'm not making this stuff up!Go a few times to warm up to the stores and find your way around because this place is ginormous but after the second or third time, you will fall in love.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,3/20/2013,14,179,6,5,5>I have been living in the neighborhood for ages but for some reason, always bypassed George's for so many other places around.  Looking for something different last Friday night, I decided to take a chance and order take-out despite the mixed reviews.  I was NOT disappointed.Granted, I can't speak for the table service, but the server who helped me by phone was very patient with my order.  I wanted everything cooked with low salt and oil, and he was very accommodating.  He noted that I had an old menu (this one on Yelp's old!) and listed some other dishes I might like.  When I got to the restaurant, he and the waitress who helped me were very pleasant.  I had zero issues with service.Now, to the food.  I ordered the spinach salad with grilled shrimp.  It came with 4 good sized grilled shrimp with tomatoes, mushrooms and onions.  The dressing came on the side so as to not wilt the spinach.I also ordered the gnocchi bolognese- very nice rich meat sauce with spinach/cheese gnocchi (the menu didn't specify that it was spinach, but I was great with that).  The gnocchi was very pillowy and soft and delicious.Another dish was the salmon with pears.  How unique!  The pears tasted like dessert as they were caramelized, and the salmon stayed light and flavorful, topped with gorgonzola.  Nice combination!Finally, I got the whole yellowtail snapper, butterflied so I didn't have to mess with the bones.  That was a nice fish, cooked well, not dry or overdone, and not oily or salty.They threw in some bruschetta tomatoes in a nice garlic marinade, and my only wish is that they would've given me some freshly grated parmesan (as I eyed some nice parmesan cheese at the restaurant!).  Next time I'll know to ask for that.  In all, the 4 dishes came out to over $70, but there were 2 fish dishes AND lasted me several meals.  I'd go back for either dine-in or for take-out again!
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,11/7/2014,391,130,7,14,11>I have been coming to LT nails for years now.  Its close to my job and I usually will go on my lunch hour.  One of the things you can definitely count on is their promptness and efficiency.  If you make an appointment they are always on time.  If you are like me and don't like to spend two hours doing a mani and pedi they will do the mani and pedi at the same time giving you enough time to return to work within the hour.  This is a family owned nail salon and Mimi and her husband Brian  are great.  Her father is very courteous and always offers you something to drink and  makes sure to put your shoes in a bag so you don't struggle with your wet nails. .  I usually get my nails done with Mimi, she is  nice and very funny.  If you are unsure of the color you want she always has great suggestions.  There is a great selection of colors from OPI and ESSIE.  They also do gel nails and if you want matching colors for your mani and pedi she has matching colors for both.  Brian does great acrylic.  Great place you won't be disappointed.
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,11/6/2014,944,946,7,15,11>As someone who goes through periods of serious noodle cravings, the arrival of Sriracha House in South Beach is a blessing!  Think of it as Chipotle or Salad Creations, but for Asian food.The premise is simple - choose your base, your protein, your additional veggies and toppings, and your sauce.  The chefs will cook it all up to perfection in the wok, and a steaming hot platter of deliciousness will be yours in a matter of minutes.The combinations at Sriracha House are endless!  You can choose from rice, egg or udon noodles, or from a couple different types of rice.  You can choose a protein, a meat-free protein, or just stick to veggies.  The add-ins are endless as well.  There are 10 different sauces to choose from, so don't shy away from asking to sample any of them!  The staff is more than willing to help you come up with the perfect combo for your palate.Thus far, I've tried both the rice noodles and the egg noodles with the Sriracha House hot chili sauce, which is like a slightly-spicy Thai red curry.  I've also tried the rice noodles with the Taiwanese oyster sauce (a nice, slightly-sour flavor profile).  There are several hot sauce options on the tables (including the namesake sriracha), and take-out orders are accompanied by small containers of your chosen sauce and sriracha too.The portions are more than filling, and if you're not crazy starving, you may even have leftovers.  The price is right, as well, with a dish going for about $10, plus tax, depending on your number of add-ins.  And if you're feeling lazy, Sriracha House delivers too.  Plus, they're open super-late (till 4am everyday)!
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,11/5/2014,17,24,8,10,7>If you live in Miami and haven't been here, you don't know anything.That being said, I don't know what's taken me so long to write a review.I have been here 3 times for brunch already and each time is better than the last.The first time I came was actually Mother's Day when all food service is usually terrible and I was surprised by not only the food, but by the staff in general.Looking back at the menu the following are all the things that I've had over the span of those times, and I promise they were ALL good:-salmon montaditos (a must if you like lox and bagels)- salchichon- cabrales- Huevos Bulla- octopus salad- arroz banda (kinda like a paella)- bunuelos de bacalao (codfish fritters)- pan con tomate- meatballs (albondigas)- croquetas with fig jelly- gambas al ajillo (shrimp)- Pinxo murano (basically a pork pincho)- cochinillo hash- Rabo de Toro (oxtail)I swear there are probably a few things I'm missing. Sooooo, EVERY SINGLE THING is good. BUT, if Im coming back again, or coming for the first time, this is what I would absolutely have to get:1. The Huevos Bulla. I will come back JUST for this. I cant describe it to you. You just have to come and eat it.2. The Pinxos. I DONT EVEN LIKE PORK!!! It comes with some green sauce and greek yogurt. WOOOOW. I slather my bread aaaaaall up in it.3. The oxtail. OH.MY.GOD. we never ever ordered this, but they were out of something that day and substituted for this. Best decision ever.4. the bunuelos and croquetas are probably tied. They both come with their respective dipping sauces that are just a little bit sweet to really contrast the flavors. I die.Also, the cheese plates they have are amazing.Man, the food here is so good, I don't even really drink, bc I don't want to full up on liquids (and I love to drink). HOWEVER, two drinks def worth mentioning are the Lemongrass Collins and the Sangria de Cerveza. Sounds nasty, right? Its totally not. Its AMAZING.In all honesty, not only is the food here mind blowing, but my service has always been great. I always like to try new places for brunch, but I keep coming back!!!!If you haven't been yet, its a MUST!
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2014,11/4/2014,119,115,9,13,9>Wanting to try something new we searched a bit on Yelp & after looking at some photos & reviews decided on Love is Blind... it's catchy & definitely a Miami name. Having been to Delores in Brickell to celebrate a birthday we knew it would be a cool place to try. We made a quick reservation & looked forward to a great night.As you pull up to the restaurant you are given several choices for parking. You can valet for $8, try your luck with street parking, or park in the nearby garage which is literally accross the street. $3 for the first 2hrs & a $1 each additional. Once you walk inside you are greeted by a really nicely decorated entryway. You can tell a lot went into this design. There's a manequin in a dress behind a DJ turntable.Once we took in all the sights we headed over to the hostess table also decked out in cool gear. After checking in, (we were a bit early) we went over to the bar for a few drinks while we waited for our table.  The bartenders were attentive & quickly greeted us with smiles. The drinks were good & priced on par for the Gables.Our table was ready right on time! The tables are pretty close to each other when you are a party of 2 so expect that. The larger round tables offer a bit more space & privacy. We sat down & glanced over the menu. There is a little sign on the table attached to a box for holding cell phones as to not be rude to the people you are eating with. I loved this idea & quickly threw my phone in the box.The first side is apps & entrees while the reverse is your drink menu. For being a place in the Gables I was shocked to see apps are included with the price of your entree. This was a really nice surprise. Having seen photos of the food I had my heart set on trying the croquetas. We also went with the 3 cheese Calzone. For entrees, the Chicken with Bacon Mashed Potatos & the Kobe Sliders with shoestring fries were calling our name. I got a Coke also which was served in a mason jar.Once the apps came I grabbed my phone but just to take a few quick photos. The Calzone was ok but the Croquetas were fantastic! The entrees showed up at the perfect time right as the apps were settling in our stomachs. The Chicken & Bacon Mashed Potatos were awesome as were my Kobe Beef Sliders. The shoestring fries reminded me of McDonalds fries which is actually a compliment to anyone who knows fries. The taste & texture of the fries was perfect & my sliders were cooked medium as requested.With apps & entrees gone it was time to indulge in some sweetness. The dessert menu is actually a double sided abacas with a chalk board. We went with the Nutella Pizza & the Dulce De Leche Flan. The Nutella Pizza had a really good Vanilla bean ice cream on top but the dough was more of a chewy pita type rather than a sweet sugar cookie dough base which I was expecting. The standout was the Flan, it was excellent!A great dinner for two with a few drinks, apps/entrees, & desserts ran right around $100 which is on par for the Gables.Cliff Notes:Good: Prices are reasonable, food is good, great atmosphere, & friendly staff. Go with the croquetas & dulce de leche flan for a home run. All the entrees on the menu looked like winners & both we had were great.Not so good(I had to use that title because nothing was Bad): A little slow with drinks from the bar but not the end of the world. The Calzone app was just ok & the Nutella pizza needs a sugar cookie crust instead of the chewy pita type base. Would I eat here again? Yes!
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,11/3/2014,131,60,9,11,10>My friends say I may as well have a Mexican citizenship, since I am there ALL the time. So, if there is anyone who can critique the food, I guess its me. Went with some friends from LA who had never been to Brickell. They were in the mood for some Mexican, so we hit up this new spot.What impressed me the MOST about this place is their cocktail menu. What I love? They have some of the best Tequila around. I was super exited to see my all time favorite on deck, Don Julio, Blanco. My friends had some beers and tried their margaritas.  The Margaritas are so good. We tried the traditional & the Ocean, which was very tasty. But I stuck to my Don on the rocks, splash of water and lots of lime. It's bikini season, so I tried to swear off the Guac & chips, but just could not. The Guacamole is on fire. It gives Rosa Mexican's major competition, and for much less. For my meal, I ordered the  Fish:Fish Fillet Veracruzana                                                                                              8 oz. Pan seared Corvina, topped with an olives, tomato, onions and cilantro sauceI had them substitute the ice & beans for sautéed veggies and they were super accommodating to that. The fish was SOOOO good- you forget you're actually eating healthy. It was perfectly cooked, and seasoned to perfection.    My friends ordered these other two plates & we all shared:  Enchiladas Verdes Filled with pulled chicken,      topped with salsa verde, melted monterey jack cheese, sour cream and cotija cheese. Pork Taco, CochinitaPulled pork shoulder, slow cooked with achiote, tomato and chipotle, served with pickled red onions. For dessert we ordered the Mago Creme Brulee. It was the perfect ending to a delicious meal.The place is also really pretty inside.. very modern and colorful feel inside, though we opted to sit outside because it was nice out. They have beautiful brightly colored chairs & tables, and its great for people watching. They have a huge screen TV outside, so its perfect for Heat games also. The service was great- servers were very attentive and the food came out quick and the orders were perfect. I will def come back next time I'm craving Mexican, which is pretty much all the time.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/1/2014,11/2/2014,104,216,3,10,8>Had to try the fried green tomatoes as they are on every review I saw. Must say that I was not disappointed at all.  Go for it ... You will not be disappointed either. Had the Fried Bell and Evans Chicken Breast (on a tour of all the places that serve fried chicken in Miami).  It was fried perfectly! - outside was crispy while not being dry inside.  Love the bacon gravy and smashed potatoes. It was your quintessential southern dish complete with honey green beans. My friend had the pork chop and was worried that it would be dry. The pork chop was nowhere near dry. In fact, this dish almost stole the show (until the dessert arrived)!  I also couldn't keep my fork away from the fingerling potatoes ... Yum! Desserts are seasonal and change quickly. However, if the bread pudding makes it to the menu when you're there make sure you snag yourself a slice!
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,11/1/2014,15,74,5,10,6>Thanks to a vegan friend I found Prana in a very chaotic mall strip in the 36 street. The place, as most vegan/vegetarians places in Miami, its tiny, and can accommodate maybe ten people. Plastic everything, which is not very eco-friendly, but I understand their need to minimize management costs. Those are the bad news...Now let's talk about the food. Its semi Vegan with a Dominican twist. For $10 or so you get an all-you can-eat buffet. Semi vegan because their daily lasagna has cheese. Everything else its vegan. And let me tell you, I ate like Miss Piggy in Vegan Christmas holiday party. The soup, ah, the soup... I had 3 bowls to be precise. Those flavors reminded me that life its good. The Friday I went they had lentils, salad, two types of "pastelón" (a Dominican dish), veggie stew with tofu, quinoa, noodles with veggies, and of course, that sublime soup that I'm missing right now while writing this review.They also had vegan desserts. For $3.50 I had a delicious natilla (enough for two), that I ate later that day. I was too stuff to eat anything else.My recommendation: If you don't mind a humble place with great fresh food, and also its super affordable go to Prana. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,10/31/2014,72,111,7,15,11>Clever, creative and casual cuisine in the heart of West Tami-Kendall!A Cuban, a Peruvian, and a Korean start a food fight in the kitchen. You'd think it would be a big mess, but at Finka the results are quite delicious! I'm a big fan of fusion food, especially when its done right  and care is taken to avoid the flavors from one type of cuisine overwhelming those of another. Kimchee Risotto isn't exactly a big item on any menu. (That I know of.....) But, if you've never had Kimchee Fried Rice with Vaca Frita, this would be the best place to do it. I won't spoil the surprise of what the flavors did for me. It's definitely a personal experience not to be missed.There are items of note in the menu that are worth the adventure. The Tostones with Vaca Frita and Peruvian Pico de Gallo, Tamal en Cazuela with Braised Lamb Shank, there's a Mac and Cheese that will definitely wow you as well. I personally recommend the Tostones and the Tamal. It's enough for two to share and have enough room left over for an entrée.The bar reminds me of those old timey places back in the 1920's where bartenders wore aprons and used real glasses, tumblers and shakers to mix bona fide cocktails. Every bartender here is a mixologist ready to bring you a work of art in a glass.  The care and attention to detail is impeccable. Order a bourbon on the rocks, and you get an expertly measured portion in a proper glass with a large round ice cube that caresses the liquor and opens its flavor slowly. No danger of the ice melting too fast here and watering down your drink before you've had a chance to enjoy it. I'm a big fan of old fashioned cocktails, especially an Old Fashioned. Here at Finka they've added a Cuban twist. By adding some Bustelo reduction (as in "Tiene que ser bueno!"), it enhances the flavor profile and gives it an additional layer of character. Try it and you'll thank me later.The menu is pretty simple to navigate and has a nice selection of niche dishes for everyone to try. Be a little adventurous and let your waiter guide you with some suggestions. At the end of your meal, you can even have a cafecito. Oh yes, they have those here too!
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,10/30/2014,56,95,6,6,5>4.5 starsI'm always on the hunt for casual spots near the water.  You'd think in South Florida, that would be easy.  Sadly, most are either very pricey or the food is not edible and the service is terrible.  Shuckers has it all.  There are a few other restaurants that make the cut, but this is the closest to home where the food is actually yummy.We came here on a Sunday just before noon and were seated right away.  Despite the crazy summer heat, it was bearable due to all the umbrellas and fans.The wings were amazing!  We had the Special Grilled and the Buffalo.  Both were good, but I'm still dreaming about those grilled wings!  Both the Grouper and Mahi sandwiches were delicious and a nice portion.  The waffles fries that come with the sandwiches and burgers are good enough to eat by themselves!  Our friends had the Bacon Cheddar Burger, which was also a nice size and the Mahi Fingers appetizer.  The Mahi Fingers were the only item we ordered that seemed puny.I was very impressed that the food was actually good and arrived piping hot.  A lot of these restaurants by the water are more about the ambiance than the food.  Our waitress, Haley, was on top of things and very helpful.  We also ordered the Punch Bucket and the Mai-Tai and both were yummy and not just ice.Can't wait return for more wings.  Really, they were that good!
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2014,10/29/2014,969,161,13,18,13>The Cocktail Collection was started by Leo Holtzman, a UCF graduate who majored in Event Planning, Psychology and Theatre and holds bar credentials from The MOAT, Cadillac Ranch and Katsuya. His clients say he was destined to become a craft bartender as he's an impeccable host, great listener, born entertainer and has one more trick up his sleeve... Leo started performing live magic at Tobacco Road before he could even buy a beer there. Almost a decade later he returned to start a mixology program on the second floor. He's in control of the spirits and chef-inspired ingredients at his speakeasy style bar, but you're in charge of quality control. Every six weeks two of his drinks get voted off the Cocktail Collection's island and two newcomers join the ranks of their Top Ten. If you want to see your favorite stay on the menu... visit regularly and vote often.  Seeing is believing when the Snaquirí (snack + daquirí) arrives. Two versions of the same fresh lime, sugar and white rum drink are served on the rocks alongside its fraternal twin strained into a coupe. For the second act, Leo will make your worries disappear and smiles reappear with jokes and sleight of hand. Take an intermission to admire the rotating art collection, vibe to the electro-indie soundtrack or use your sleuthing skills to find out what makes the bar vibrate. For the finale try the vanilla vodka, Bailey's Irish Cream and Café Pilon infused Espresso Expression Martini. Visit the Cocktail Collection before Tobacco Road closes permanently on October 25th, 2014 and play out your childhood love for magic, while satisfying your grown-up thirst for cocktails. Afterwards you'll have to visit the Cocktail Collection's new home aboard the Norwegian Escape Cruise Liner or make them at home.Smok'd Fashion --Capture smoke from a Chef's torch lit maple plank in a tumbler glass 2 oz. Bulleit Bourbon1/2 oz. sweet vermouth   1/2 teaspoon of maple syrup  Splash of Amargo Vallet or Angostura bittersGarnish with peeled Florida orange zest
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,4/27/2008,58,461,4,7,6>Miami -- finally! -- has a cupcake contender with SweetCakes Edibles. SweetCakes has a winning combination of fun flavors. I chose8 medium sized cupcakes (2.50 each) with coconut, peanut butter/chocolate, strawberry, and kahlua to gift my coworkers and I.They were a hit. My coworkers loved the PB/Chocolate cupcake and coconut, I loved the strawberry cupcake because the frosting's flavor was dead on, and one coworker strongly enjoyed the kahlua because the flavor became stronger as you kept eating it. He's also a lush but don't hold him against it, he does know his food (and liquor). If you go on the weekdays, this place may take away to fill your order as the cupcake selection isn't ready-made, the owner told us that more cupcakes are avail. ready made on weekends. Also, the location is hit-or-miss, pay close attention to the bldg (its obscured by bamboo trees). It's also closed on Mondays.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,4/26/2008,94,267,3,6,7>this adorable little bistro just opened and i love it.  i love it.  i love it.  i love it.  kinda old style diner on the inside.  with photographs of all the buena vista houses lining the walls.  but the real treat is the food.  this is the food i've been waiting for.  there's no set menu.  they have daily specials on the board.  my girlfriend loves to just plop up at the bar and say, "make me something" and they do... and it's goooood.  we've already had...baguette- outstandingcaesar salad- delicious, light, the way it's supposed to be madechicken wings- perfectly tender, great sauce, almost more like a stewpork tenderloin- my girlfriend had and said it was delicioussalmon over ratatouille & mashed potatoes- absolutely deliciouslamb chops- i don't even like lamb & i ate half.  super tender & flavorfulgrilled octopus- super tender, flavorful, but covered in onions (which personally i'm not a fan of)the owners work the house.  the husband is the chef and the wife is the counter person/waitress.  they're just so sweet and amazing.  we've already ate here three times this week, so i have a feeling this will become our i'm-too-lazy-to-cook-let's-go-out-and-eat-place.  and it's reasonably priced too, which makes it oh so much more appealing.  this is a definite addition to the neighborhood and my new favorite  restaurant.UPDATE:  BVB got voted as "best late-night dining" by new times 08.  yea!!!  they sooo deserve it.  open from 11am to midnight (or later)... you really can't beat it!  oh, and feel free to BYOB.
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2008,4/25/2008,904,1293,2,3,2>The beauty of chain places like this one is that USUALLY they are pretty consistent in looks, food, service.No different here...   the bagels are delish, the bread fantastic and may l say the cobblestone muffin thing is decadent?The sandwiches and soups are good, prices moderate so the value for the food is def great.  The plus, plus to all of this is FREE Wll-Fl..Unlike Starbucks next door, so you will see all of the Starbucks patrons outside nipping the Internet.Parking not bad on off-peak hours.. which means that parking on peak hours is a b***h.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2008,4/24/2008,587,1627,4,9,8>I came here with two Indian friends of mine. One was visiting from India....Indian #1: "The best Indian restaurant I ever had outside of India was in London."Me: "Really? This is a chain from London."Indian #1: *Surprised look* "Really? Wow...." *Later finds out that there are four restaurants in London under the same management but with a different name: Woodlands South Indian Vegetarian Cuisine. This is the only location they have outside of UK at the moment.*----Indian #2: "This place is way better than Imlee's, and it costs the same. This is probably one of the top in South Florida." Indian #1: *Looks around and accepts that assertion*(SIDE NOTE: How many good Indian restaurants do you even know in South Florida? A slightly better than good one can easily be the best, unfortunately. Anywaaays....)----Obviously they were pleased with this Indian restaurant. We had an appetizer sampler that was good (the non-vegetarian platter) consisting of  a selection of murg (chicken) tandoori (delicious), sheekh kebab, keema samosa, fish tikka. Served with fresh onion, kulcha, and chutney.Then for our meal, we shared four dishes but unfortunately I didn't catch the name of them. If I'm correct, I recommend the Murg Makahani (chicken) and Dal Makhani (lentils). The other two dishes, I wouldn't come back for, so I'm hoping I didn't name those two!I didn't try dessert as I was full, but I'm tempted to go back for that.The atmosphere was elegant, despite there being two television inside showing bollywood movies. Service was slow but good. The slow service seems to be the fault of food being prepared from scratch rather than the fault of the waiters, so that was fine by me! Just be sure you are not the type to be annoyed by the Bollywood musicals (it wasn't really that loud anyways)!
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2007,4/23/2008,56,29,9,9,10>warning: for those who DO NOT MIND making the trek to find this small stripmallish-restaurant-jewel behind a gas station on N. Miami Avenue or to be asked if you want your car washed where you park!if you are down you will discover the ethnic beauty of Little Saigon for the following ruling reasons:+ best place to come when you are craving Vietnamese but do not have a lot of money to spend (a typical bill for two including two dishes, and two appetizers is about $23 with tax)+ same two ladies (one who never smiles, one who always ends her sentence with 'ya ya') serve you with consistency+ they only have chopsticks on the table---& a nice variety of hot and sweet condiments+ the basic pho is f'n delicious (and only 5.50)!!!+ the BEST papaya salad around; be sure to order it with fried tofu sticks on top+ you get to slurp and scarf like a beast (people rarely talk at this place when the food arrives-- and arrives fast when half-/empty)FYI:BRING CASH!!sometimes on friday/saturday nights the place is packed, but the turnover is speedy as people go here to eat rather than swoon a date.OH also if you plan on going to the club or the opera after wards you may want to go home and shower because you end up leaving smelling like a fried noodle. mmmm, yummy.
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,3/7/2009,29,24,6,9,7>A friend recommended this restaurant to my fiance and I when we told him we wanted to try something in this area that was different and affordable.  As it turns out, Red Light was exactly what we were looking for.  It was cold on Friday...or at least what I consider to be cold, so we opted to sit inside.  (by the way, it's valet only...so come with cash!)I can describe it as an upscale diner of sort - cozy and eclectic.  I insisted on the extra star on the rating because of the cool atmosphere and the place was playing great music, including 'a tribe called quest'.  We ordered the bbq shrimp, duck salad, spiced rub short ribs and mac and cheese.  Everything was very good.  My personal fave was the bbq shrimp...the sauce was great, which we dipped with toasty french bread.  Great mac and cheese, even though I would've loved more cheese on it!, the duck was very tender and I just thought it was so interesting served cold over salad with goat cheese and a balsamic dressing...my tastebuds were having fun with this one. And the ribs were very meaty, but a bit too spicy for my taste.  The service was great...everyone was very friendly, casual and gave great suggestions.  And, they have a full bar.  I love that the menu is written daily, so there is always something new to try...and, I loved that all the plates we ordered we under $12!  We walked around the back to the outside area and wished we would've braved the cold because it's romantic and intimate...overlooking the water with little lights all over.  Very cool place.
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,3/6/2009,1381,665,12,16,16>4.5 stars!On Friday night, after seeing De La Soul put on a great performance, we decided to have some of those "before you cross the bridge" munchies.  This place gets a lot of mixed reviews, but I will tell you this, I actually LIKED and ENJOYED my food!  And you know what, I've never really had a BAD experience here.  Ya service might be a tad slow, but hey, it's Big Pink...So we ordered the Corn Beef Hash, French Toast, and a bucket of Sweet Potato Fries.  YUMMMM!  All of it was quite tasty.  The Corn Beef Hash came with eggs and toast, which was the bf's meal.  It was very good, and I had to fight with him to get a couple of bites!  The bucket-o-fries was just delicious!  Served with ranch dressing for dipping, we totally devoured those sweet potato slices of heaven!  My french toast ROCKED!  Nice and fluffy, super moist, and just mmmm mmmm good!  Especially after i doused it in maple syrup and butter.  :)  My comfort food!So yes, it IS possible to have good food at Big Pink!  Or maybe the drunk munchies made it seem that way...?  Either way, it was a good time.  The characters that were in there at that time of the night were just hysterical!  And the people watching is a major plus.  Big Pink = BIG fun!
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,3/5/2009,165,258,7,11,11>I love Midtown, and the fact that I can walk the streets (ok...no jokes) with a feeling of safety at night.  However, when I'm feeling a bit dangerous, I walk to the wrong side of the Florida East Coast tracks to Kafa Cafe for Ethiopian food on Wed-Sun nights.  I've always found Ethiopian a good place to vet a first date.  After all, they have to eat with their fingers, and try things like Kitfo (Ethiopian steak tartar)...what better way to test someone's adventure-tolerance?The owners/servers are friendly, the food is spicy and good, and, whether dine-in or take-out, we haven't been disappointed.  They do serve beer and wine, and usually have some old-school disco or 80's dance playing.  While the lighting could be better, maybe it's better to be brightly lit on the wrong side of the tracks.  Safety first!
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,3/4/2009,361,288,8,12,10>Free Beer!?!? Free Beer!?!? Two nights in a row!?!?You read correctly folks, Shooters gives away free beer on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. For my first trip to Kendall, I must have done something right to have stumbled upon a pool hall giving away free beer to anyone playing pool. Mind you, this place is not for the faint hearted as it attracts people of all sorts of backgrounds and interests. With about 10 tables and a bumping bar, I'll definitely be back...despite the 20 minute drive home.
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2008,3/3/2009,944,946,8,12,13>The Room is a great little spot around the corner from the glistening scene of Opium/Prive and the Big Pink.  It's literally a room, so when there's more than 20 people there, you'll be hard-pressed to make it to the bar or find a place to sit.But when you're just looking to knock back a few with the gals (or guys), The Room is the perfect location.  Their big business is beer - they have quite a selection from around the world - and most even come with their appropriate glass - a shout-out to the bars of France & Belgium where each beer is served in a specially-made (and specially-branded) glass in order to bring out all the great flavors of the beer.  The Room also has a decent selection of wine by the glass for those non-beer drinkers out there.You can smoke inside, and they even sell cigarettes at the bar, so don't be surprised when you walk outside reeking of smoke.  When you're looking for a chill night on SoBe without breaking your bank, head to The Room.  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,3/2/2009,12,6,6,7,6>Ok, I went on Thursday night with some friends.  I had worked out particularly hard that day, so I was hungry enough to eat a camel raw.  I also didn't want to undue the benefits of a good workout, so I thought this place might be just the ticket.  It really was.  I had three of the pockets...the classic argentine, the eggplant parmigiana and the raspberry for desert.  I also ordered the oriental chicken salad, the green tea with melon and a couple of the healthy oatmeal rasin cookies.   Ok, I was a bit of a human garbage disposal, but in my defense I could barely stand after my workout and needed fuel...LOLAbout the food...the argentine pocket was ok, I probably would not do it again just because it left me thinking it needed some more robust flavoring, but not bad really.  The eggplant was exceptional with the rich marinara bubbling under the warm crust, the raspberry was very good...the feel of that warm flaky crust dissolving around strong and sweet yet tart flavor of raspberry as it hits your mouth...well...that's good stuff!   The salad was not quite what I expected, but not bad.  It could use a bit more of an Asian influence though....the oatmeal cookies and tea were over the top, and I would recommend them to anybody.  Plus...the fun stuff.  I got there ahead of my friends, and was able to geek out with their strong wi/fi connection.   They treated my buds and I well, even though we were kind of a large group and a bit loud.  Parking is a small hassle, but not too bad.  Their parking lot is small but cramped due to the presence of a large laundry, but you can park just about anywhere near there.  There is street parking available too but I ended up making my own space on the side of the parking lot where no parking space really existed, and nobody complained.Would I go back?  In a heartbeat.  After my next workout I might try everything on their menu!;-)Danny
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,3/1/2009,280,485,5,21,10>A really nice natural park that hardly anyone uses and a great place to get away.  They have boardwalks and trails along the intercostal and through the mangroves along with an observation tower where you can watch the planes take off from the Ft Lauderdale airport.   The offer kayak and canoe rental along with a guided boat tour.  The center's  exhibit hall includes a site map of the park's three-mile mangrove preserve, the Living Crossroads theater which features a 10-minute video presentation, and a series of  displays that  portray and explain West Lake Park's mangrove ecosystem and its significance. The highlight of the exhibit hall is the 3,500-gallon aquarium.  The exhibit hall also provides a rotating display monthly of nature-themed works by local artists, photographers, and crafters.  It is also a popular wedding spot.
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,2/28/2009,620,350,9,11,7>The Zoo!After getting my fiance a digital SLR for Christmas, we decided that Metro Zoo would be a great place to stretch those picture-taking muscles.I hadn't been to the zoo in probably 10 years or so, and my memories all included: 1) Extreme heat, 2) Expensive entrance fee for my parents, and 3) Animals were too far away to be seen.Well, none of these preconceptions turned out to be true. The weather was FANTASTIC (but it's January, so the heat wasn't an issue at all) and it only costs $15.95 to come in. Bring your AAA card for a $1 discount.I'm also quite a bit taller than I was when I was in grade school, so they aren't as difficult to see as I remembered - I could definitely see over the fence now ;-)A couple of things that were also new to me:1) They sell beer! Yay for being an adult!2) They have these little carts that you can bike around with about 4-6 people. Gone are the days of walking for miles and being utterly exhausted by the end of the trip.My only disappointment was with the time we arrived. We got there at about 3PM thinking we had about a good 2 hours or so before they closed. Enough time to see all the animals right? Wrong!They took all the cool animals back into their cages at around 4PM. So we got to see a bunch of boring birds and missed the gorillas, tigers, and orangutans. :( Don't come late!!Regardless, they will let you mosey around the park very close to 6PM... it's just really, really boring at that time.Last complaint - they have a new "Amazon" section of the park, but... it really sucks. Most of it are indoor exhibits with frogs and snakes. But mostly birds. I'd skip it if you're pressed for time. The best stuff is in the Asia section, so hit it up first before you get too tired.
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,2/26/2009,148,183,6,8,7>First, I'd like to admit that this restaurant has probably been in my backyard for years and only this past weekend did I become aware of it. Kind of tucked away in a small plaza but I'd say it was worth the find. A couple things to note is that it is a bit on the upscale side where the prices are high (about $18 a plate) and portions small. Sure, it's a little pricey but that's why you split an entree (not a lot of food but easy on the pocket). Luckily sharing with someone isn't an issue because they bring a bowl of rice (for the table) and then a separate container for the entree (kinda small). Oh, and also, having split checks was not an issue as the waiter seemed to pay attention to how people ordered in the first place. Definitely an added bonus.  And like any Indian restaurant, you want to ensure that you specify the level of spiciness. Thankfully for new customers, waiters knew to ask immediately upon being told.I'm sure that there is better out there somewhere but for being close and local it wasn't bad. In fact, it was enough to turn an "Indian food hater" to an "I love Indian food, that was sooo good lover".
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,2/25/2009,37,76,9,10,11>Here's a place that had all the potential for a terrible review: - birthday dinner invitation (which many times leads to disappointment, due to unrealistic expectations) (but maybe not so much at my age!)- four dollar mark menu rating (but then, we knew that already)- used to be the 1200 Restaurant and Courtyard, which I liked very much when we could afford it... and surprise surprise, management and menu had changed without so much as a warning... hackles begin to raise- Italian food (which is most definitely not one of my favorites)... growling from deep down begins, definitely not my stomach- extensive wine list and wine steward (which always put me on guard instantly - what do I know)... maximum alert mode, waiting for just the minor thing to go wrong before explodingSo I'm looking over the menu, which seems to be kind of the usual with just a bit of well-placed hype, and I'm thinking: the courtyard is still as charming and beautiful as always, here I am, a lucky individual surrounded by somewhat doting parents and the sweetest husband there ever was. So chill out, don't expect much, enjoy the company and the fantastically historic Biltmore surroundings, -got my car fixed, it's my birthday, fixed my motor- ahem.The wine steward (very nice fellow, not pretentious at all, to my surprise) informs us that all wines are 50% off because it's Tuesday. Things begin to look rosy.Suddenly I am gumming one of the best steaks I've had all year (but don't tell a-barecuein' Mr. LaLotto, else it's burgers from here on). Gumming, because it was so soft I didn't really even have to chew it. Mmmm, a wonderful green peppercorn sauce and very decent portion. Too good -alas- for enough to be left over to take home.The wine was superb. Gotta get some to have at home, definitely.Mr. LaLotto had a nice (huge) zesty gorgonzola steak, and the more senior LaLottos had two different types of veal (which I despise, but they seemed to enjoy enormously).Chocolate mini-cake with oozing innards and vanilla ice cream  as a birthday gift from the establishment, with an Italian version of a cortadito to top it all off. I admit, I made myself a real cortadito as soon as I got home, but they do get an A for effort.Service was quite impressive as well - they brought over a heat lamp for my poor cold-suffering mama so that we wouldn't have to move inside. I'm just hoping this isn't a newness factor, and that the service remains good over the, no doubt, years to come.
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,1/13/2012,271,113,11,11,14>Cue Patsy Cline's "Crazy"    youtube.com/watch?v=Zzq5…Fox's is one of a kind. Where else can you drink your woes away whilst listening to the lovely crooning of Patsy Cline followed by Radiohead  with an alternative hip- kid anthem to set you off into a downward spiraling depression?You know what Fox's says to this? ..."Ready for another one, Yislin?" Oh yeah, they know what's up. Happy hour is amongst the cheapest I've ever encountered. Two Yeunglings cost me like 4 bucks! WHAT??? Another round barkeep!I am in love with the Santa Fe cheese fries at Fox's. Steak- cut fries slathered with cheese, jalapenos, green onions, bacon and sour cream. These fries come out of the kitchen like they were scooped out of a volcano. After a cool down period, my arteries welcome this treat with a side of creamy garlic italian dressing.This is about the only thing I eat here. I have had blackened grouper and some sandwiches but I left my heart in a plate of  Santa Fe cheese fries.Fox's is the kind of place you take someone you don't want to be seen with. At least that's what I've continuously said. The truth is that I've been coming here for happy hour and late- night drinking since I was old enough to drink. And *maybe* even before then. Whether with friends, on dates and coworkers alike, Fox's doesn't discriminate. Everyone is welcome to witness it's magnificently dreary charm. It's dark, it's intimate, it's cozy and quaint. It's an institution for boozin', crunkfestin' and bangedup.com-in.The staff is friendly, efficient and they know how to treat a lady right.Fox's,  like an over- cast, rainy Pacific Northwestern day, you are dark n' lovely and that's my style.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,1/12/2012,620,350,6,12,8>Students, rejoice! Nearby fast-food sushi spots, cower in fear!Banana & Leaf is a no frills spot targeted to students and on-the-go diners. Near the Miami Dade College and in the middle of downtown, this place perfectly caters to the type of person who wants a fresh and healthy bite without breaking the bank. I'm beginning to think the owners of Little Lotus have the magic touch.DON'T expect: A sit-down restaurant experience. There are seats, but for the most part you can roam around, pick up some boxed sushi and sit and eat. You can serve yourself water.DO expect: To be pleasantly surprised by how little you spend on well-prepared sushi. Think about all the times you had a hit-or-miss experience with Publix sushi for lunch when you were really craving it. B&L will more than likely be a hit in these situations.My husband and I stopped by for a quick dinner and spent a total of $12 and left stuffed. We picked up 2 regular rolls from the "Grab N Go" area and ordered a specialty dish with rice and various pieces of sashimi. Left happy and full.
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,1/11/2012,147,180,9,6,9>My husband calls this place "Phil's Deli" (because he's old school Miami). I call it Arnie and Richie's. My daughter calls it Roasters and Burgers (We don't know why. She's 3). Whatever you call it, you should go here on Saturday mornings, Sunday mornings work, too. Heck, you could go on a Tuesday, if you don't have to work. Whenever you go, just go. If you opt for breakfast, get a bagel. Swipe some cream cheese on it. Add some lox, if your into that. This is, after all, Miami's closest thing to a NY deli. I usually hit this spot for lunch. And I always get a grilled cheese. They put about 2.6 pounds of butter on it, which makes it spectacular. The fries that come on the side are of the shoestring variety. But, if you don't like pickles, tell them to keep 'em off the plate because if you don't, you'll wind up with a monstrous pickle sitting next to your sammy. Sammies also come with cole slaw, but I always give it to whomever is with me, because I dont care for slaw. Whomever that is is generally happy, so I'm assuming it's good. The bottled lemonade is awesome. And dessert comes from the counter with all kinds of options. Today, we opted for the basic black and white cookie. And it hit the spot. Just like it does every time.
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,1/9/2012,181,214,4,14,10>Walking into this place made me feel like I was part of some secret society.  The place is absolutely amazing.  The decor is dark and mysterious.  It's like walking into the 1920's.Here's how it works, you get their during happy hour and they do not charge you a corkage fee.  You go downstairs to their wine selction.  The left side has the reds, the right side the whites.  You pick your bottle and take it to the bartender to open and serve it for you.  Upstairs is the cheese, which you get to sample before you purchase. Perfection.The downsides are the seating arrangements and parking.  You have to wait around until someone gets up so that you can snatch a table from other guests that are also waiting for a table. Make sure you try to find a parking meter or a cheap parking garage because the one across the street costs $20.00!!  Even with these 2 little glithces I have to give this place a 5 star review.
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,1/8/2012,490,388,6,7,7>This place is SPECTACULAR for sandwiches. Their menu is extensive, filled with ingredients from around the world. The ambiance inside is like an artisanal cheesemonger's shop, while the outside is a tropical garden paradise. My all-time favorites from here are the #13 black forest ham w/raspberry jam and brie (on wheat baguette) and the #16 spanish serrano ham w/manchego and olive tapenade. But any sandwich you choose is sure to be amazing here. Prices aren't too bad, at about $9 per sandwich. They aren't huge portions, but they are certainly filling and are made with quality ingredients. I haven't yet been here to try the wine and cheese platters, however that is on my list to try next.
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,1/7/2012,504,281,6,9,9>I can't really say much bad about this place. Of course there has been the occasional snafu when they are slammed and cannot handle the overwhelming crowd such as the grand opening of their back bar/hang out area and the What Miami bar crawl but honestly it wasn't anything that made me feel turned off by the place. Even though some Yelpers had problems here after the Kiss Me, I'm Irish event I have to say that my experience was enjoyable but then again I didn't order food and considering how much alcohol I had consumed at Fado only one drink was in store for me before calling it a night.Every time I have ordered a burger here it has been perfectly prepared and cooked. The duck fat fries are my favorite but the skinny ones are pretty good too. Over my last couple of visits I have realized that I prefer making my own burger creation vs their predetermined selections; not that anything is wrong with them but I know my own preferences better obviously and being a woman it's my prerogative to be variable. Sometimes I want a simple burger, sometimes I want one covered with a fried egg, sometimes I want one with every spicy item on the menu. Hence I favor the create your own. Their beer selection by bottle is pretty vast although I seem to always stick with Xingu. It just seems to sit well with a burger and I find it to be a particularly nice dark beer during summer months. If you can splurge, I would recommend the Wagyu beef for your burger. I ordered it last time and don't know if I can ever go back to anything but.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,1/6/2012,250,256,12,16,15>The food here is AWESOME. Forget about ambiance, service, price point, trendiness, convenience, cleanliness, consistency and any other factors that can make or break an experience when dining out. The food at Fratelli Milano is simply exquisite. The pasta is all homemade. The ingredients are all fresh. The combinations of flavors: simply divine. The Fiocchi Di Pera E Taleggio is my favorite and the Pappardelle Milano is my honey's. That other stuff I mentioned before? The hard-to-gets in Miami, like service, and consistency. At Fratelli Milano, all good as well. Habitually good, in fact. So dang good, I have no complaints to offer you. Well, except I'd like if they delivered to the beach.Bottom Line: An excellent value and phenomenal food welcome everyone to this cozy locals' favorite.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,1/5/2012,276,303,6,9,8>After reading the boasting review in the New Miami Times, i not only put 100 Montaditos on my "to do" list, I moved it to the my top ten list!!!Today it made it to the number #1 slot and I ventured over with my coworker/fellow yelper Monica C.First of all the list is huge, literally 100 sandwiches ranging in four price points:$1 basic plain$1.50 a meat with a sauce of some kind$2 a meat, their signature Iberic cheese and a sauceor $2.50 the Black Label selection (my favorite) these Montaditos are stuffed with a variety of different ingredients and sauces.We ordered the Barcelona Sampler. Most were good, the sandwiches from the first category were too plain for my taste but overall a nice selection. My Favorite was #84 Serranito: Serrano ham, pulled pork, Iberic cheese, tomato and olive oilDelish!!!!!! Overall I think this place is a great idea, I love the relaxed environment friendly staff and creative menu. Ohhhhh and let me not forget, for my Wino's, they DO have wine red and white $3. Small serving amount, very cute glass!
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,1/4/2012,132,69,5,11,5>After going cold turkey from exercise for over 4 months I feel like I finally got my groove back. It's not that I'm picky, it's that if I'm going to pay someone to tell me what to do-- I expect credibility, discipline, and of course... results! It's only been a week, but after trying a few different boot camps I finally found the one for me. Bryan from Bring It Boot camp is extremely knowledgeable, energized, motivated, and above all-- there for YOU. There isn't a minute of dullness in this high-energy boot camp. Most boot camps charge an arm and a leg, classes are only available once or twice a day, and definitely not open on Saturdays-- not this one. They offer a very reasonable monthly price, is indoors (at Monster Training Center), and the best part: they offer 4 classes a day, 5 days a week. If you'd like to work out on your own on a Saturday, the center is open! This boot camp is a winner in my book--I may have finally found "the one".
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,1/3/2012,444,433,8,9,10>My Hillstone experience started... in the bathroom. You can tell a lot about a place by the state of their restroom facilities, and this place was immaculate. Clean, shiny and fancy and I noticed an employee bringing in rolls of Charmin. None of that cheap single-ply crap here!Our server, John was absolutely adorable. He got excited and enthusiastically recommended the Farmers Market Vegetable Platter when I mentioned I was vegetarian. I had an inkling to try to veggie burger, but I couldn't turn down such a sincere suggestion. Turns out, those were some of the best veggies I've ever eaten, although I couldn't fit everything on plate into my stomach. There were 3 pieces of a veggie sushi, multi-colored cauliflower, cous-cous, shredded beets topped with goat cheese, plantains and sauteed spinach. The only thing I didn't care for were the plantains - they were not the Cuban-esque sweet kind that I will all but inhale. This is my friend's favorite restaurant in Miami and I trust her taste. She thoroughly enjoyed her Thai Steak & Noodle Salad. The place more expensive than what I'm used to, but the food and service are on par with the price. The only thing I can complain about is that the restaurant was frigid. We may be in Miami, but next time I'm dressing like I'm heading out to hit the slopes.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,6/17/2010,101,46,8,10,10>ok so I bumped into this place a couple of days back, and I decided to give it a try today, after speaking with Greg who was one of the two owners, the place has only been open for about 3 months, a nice little shop, brand new and pretty clean, and the bake most of their stuff in house.The staff were all very friendly but the wait for the food took a little while (I think I just caught them off guard, it looked like they weren't expecting any more orders at 6pm and I think they close at 7) I ordered " Bubba's club sandwich" and the "Dark Chocolate Milk Shake" (I'm a fat boy :-P) While waiting for the sandwich Greg made my milkshake, and I gotta tell you....as a chocolate lover, i almost hit the floor, probably the best milkshake I've ever had! The sandwich came with a side of potato salad, which is one of many sides you can choose from with your main dish, next time i'll go with something else as i really wasn't a fan of the potato salad at all.The club sandwich was fantastic though, very fresh, large cuts of chicken breast, bacon, fresh tomato, and for presentation served with some strawberries and oranges on the side. GOOD STUFF :-DI'll do my best to come here a lot since its a block from my apartment (UFN) I encourage everyone to go and check out this neighborhood shop.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,6/16/2010,147,180,6,8,8>I love this place. I've been buying stuff from here since it opened. It's a great spot for designer bags sans designer bag price tags. And since it's located on Lincoln Road, it's easy to just pop in to see what they have up for grabs. In order to do consignment, you must have at least five items. The items will remain on consignment for up to three months. The store keeps something like 40-45 percent and then you get the rest of the cash  to filter back into your need-to-buy-designer-stuff fund. And for those of us who like to pick up slightly used second-hand goodies, this is the perfect place to score a bargain and a half.  It's a win-win for everyone involved in a cute, cozy little setting.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,6/15/2010,223,290,9,9,11>The rule breakers. Definitely. In more ways than one. Open until 1am, 3am sometimes on the weekends? A bakeshop? Cooky flavored cupcakes like maple bacon? Like Vanessa S. (the one and only), I also was waiting to post up a review. I sort of wanted to wait and try our their pies before coming to a conclusion. But that's not really fair. They do alot of everything, really good.Their cupcakes, again, are cooky. Creatively so. Boldly so. They're not what i'm used to, but they're still really good. They don't make any bad cupcakes, but it's really up to the person who is eating them. The quiche. So good. So, so good. Best quiche i've ever had. I really don't care if you've had more than I have, but I really like their quiche, and that's all i'm gonna say about it, chief. The empanadas are also in my top spot. I had the beef empanada at 1am and it was delicious. They keep it a nice temperature, but I can only imagine having the privilege of eating one out of the oven.That's the thing with this place. Anything out of their oven is good. What you choose to be your favorite... that's the question. My personal choice is the quiche. They have enough stuff in one shop for anyone to have a favorite. You should have one, too. I'll be on the lookout for the pies, but from I understand they're still testing the waters.
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,6/13/2010,969,161,31,27,18>If I lived any closer to Twine, I'd be a dead man. The surgeons entrusted with removing my internal organs for donation would toss my useless esophageal tract, kidneys, and liver directly into the bio-hazard bin. Here's why --Wine Tastings - every Friday and Saturday from 12-6pm and Sunday from 1-5pm. The manager chooses a variety (usually 6) and the staff is pretty liberal with the amount they allow you to "taste". Best part...wait for it..wait...it's FREE! eer..sorry I almost forgot I was describing a wine store...it's complimentary!Now I don't know about you, but wine is my arch-nemesis. It's Duckhorn Vineyards Merlot, that forced me to throw up all over Lucky (now Unlucky) Dave's drum kit after a concert.It's Conundrum California White Wine, that's made me swan dive off the Port Blvd Bridge and swim to Bicentennial Park for Lollapalooza. It's Chateau Ste. Michelle Red Zinfandel, that's responsible for making me accidentally kick "Ephen Stephen' (sorry that wasn't meant for you buddy) in the stomach, while he was already engaged in an unplanned UFC bout with his date's jealous ex.  So if you are like me, steer clear of the #1 reason for ladies to make 'mistakes' on the first date..wine.Just like a supermarket, the important stuff is not in the aisles. Hard booze and beer hugs the walls and there's plenty of it. Man oh man when I get to the beer section, my pants get real tight. There are cases, kegs and refrigerated beer, not to mention the craft beers that you can mix and match. So just to recap...If you're reading Beowulf and want to buy a case of B. Nektar Dry Honeywine to transform your living room into a Viking Mead Hall -- Total Wine!If you want to play an "Eastern Promises" themed drinking game with your comrades (I don't recommend this as it requires multiple shots of Russian Standard Platinum vodka and Ararat Armenian brandy. Plus some Moët & Chandon Nectar Impérial champagne chugging in only 96 minutes) -- Total Wine! If you're watching the Basque Country episode of "Dhani Tackles the Globe" and you want to know what the national drink, Txakoli sparkling wine is about -- You get the point.The only depressing thing about the Wal-Mart of wine is that they're few and far between. Oh and the sales rep Scott that tried to get me kicked out of the store for parking my car in preggo parking (do expecting mothers usually buy booze at 9am on weekdays)? In the end I let my old friend Benjamin Franklin mediate the situation at the cash register.Rowdy Rony Piper-1, Charlie the Sales Rep-0
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,6/12/2010,22,189,7,6,5>Getting to Spuntino was a real pain in the patootie, but so worth it.We initially found out about this place when having breakfast in Cafe Van Dyke and asked about the amazing bread we were being served. Spuntino provides them, and a few other restaurants in Miami, with fresh-baked bread on a daily basis. We called ahead and asked for directions, "Turn at the Godrush," he said.On 11th we turned into the small street before the Godlrush and were chased down by two men that can only be described as "shady." We tried parking in the public parking lot under the highway and were soon threatened with "if yall park hear yo' ca' s'gunna get slit. Park he'r and I'll make sur not'n happens..." We thanked them, rolled up (why do people say "rolled up" if windows are electric now?) our windows and screeched though their parking lot as fast as we could, crossing though their parking lot, barely fitting though their half-closed exit gate (MiniCoopers!) and on to the street where Spuntino is.  We almost went home but since I was set on trying their french toast (THANS ALOT MARIA). We drove a little further and parked at a PayNPark.We walked in and were soon greeted by "you're the girl who called, rite?"the place is fairly small, it is marked by two umbrellas and a red awning. Inside there is a counter that runs along the wall and a bar in front of the register. Very cute and cozy place.After some chatting, we ordered an Orangina, a cappuccino, my *must have, came all the way here for this* french toast and a Parma sandwich with a "secret sauce."All of a sudden a TA-TA-TANNN moment occurred, we were looking around the shop and saw no trace of a credit card machine.We started scavenging around for cash, but were unable to find a single dollar. We panicked. The owner kindly offered to comp our meal -since we had driven so far to try the food. We thanked him about a million times and he told us not to worry about it.It is really hard to find that level of kindness in this city, we were amazed.As he prepared our meal, I found a $20! We were so relieved. Either way we would have probably ran around downtown trying to find an ATM to pay him back.Two plates of goodness were placed in front of us.My french toast were made with a brioche bread, drizzled with honey (not maple) and slices of butter! Real butter! They were fantastic, and they were $3!But nothing beats my GF's sandwich. The Parma- prosciutto and fontina on foccacia. Fantastic. It all came out to about $14.95 so we left the $20. It was definitely an experience and I highly recommend this place even if it's a bit out of the way.
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2009,6/11/2010,1489,1675,8,15,11>Five stars, whoah!!! Takes alot for me to give five stars now.After reading so many reviews from Gina and Anika and other yelpers had this place bookmarked to try.Hubby picked me up and we ventured off to Hallandale to give it a try.Could barely see the sign from the road, but then easily found parking in the rear....lol no comment...Walked in and was greeted by a very pleasant lady. My husband said it's our first time here. She grabbed the menu and described every dish in detail. She was awesome!Being a huge fish eater, I must say have never tried fish taco's. Just never seemed to be a mix for me. Well after the rave reviews had to give them a try. The very nice lady asked if I wanted them grilled or fried, yummy grilled mahi-mahi, sounded good with rice and beans, I ordered the platter. $6.95Hubby had the same with the soup.Of course had to try the guacamole. It was good but not the best! The chips were light just the way I like them. The salsa bar was fresh and a good mixture.O.K. First bite of my fish taco's. At first I was afraid, then petrified, then the tenderness of the white flaky moist mahi was disolving in my mouth with such a suttle flavorful wet, creamy, elegant taste. Pure food ecstasy! Superb......I was really enjoying these fish taco's. I actually made the comment to my husband, wow we almost went out for a really expensive dinner tonight, and for $19.89 for this dinner, sure was glad we came here.So enjoy these small, family owned, business's. Clean, friendly staff, and delish food....what more to ask for.....Hubby loved the tortilla soup. I did not try it because I was to busy devouring my perfectly grilled fish taco's.The rice and beans were good also. If they offered sangria I probably could have ate one more and hung out a while more....ha haNow will I drive to Hallnadale, hell yeah, this place is so worth it..Loved it.....Thanks to my fellow yelpers....:)
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,6/10/2010,129,287,5,9,8>Another trip to NMB and another great experience at Hiro's.The only real "loser" of the night was the sashimi appetizer we started with.  And that's not because it was bad, but simply because it was just ok.  When compared to the rest of the dishes we had, it paled in comparison.Our selections:- Above mentioned sashimi- Hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail collar) This is so good, that you will literally be picking up the bones to find every little morsel left.- Grilled sliced steak, whose name escapes me - The homemade BBQ sauce it was served with had tiny pieces of sweet sautéed onions that we were scraping up, enjoying every little morsel.- Sautéed spinach with mushrooms, which was especially good when dipped in those onions...We also saw the couple next to us had a whole fish served in small fried morsels, that looked amazing.  We need to come with friends one time to try that...The only reason I don't give five stars is because the service is a bit strained because they are simply SO slammed.  We got there at 9pm on a Saturday night every table was taken and there were about 15 people waiting (no reservations).Word to the wise - If there are just a couple of you, get a spot at the kitchen bar.  You'll be seated much more quickly and it's great to watch the guys working on all those great dishes.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,6/8/2010,151,175,16,72,19>Several years ago I decided to opt for LASIK surgery. My vision was terrible, contacts were extremely uncomfortable and I hated wearing glasses since I first tried them when I was 7 years old. I had strong astigmatism and I was myopic as well. I had no idea where to go but I knew I didn't want to do it at a chain like Visionworks or at a strip mall where the doctor had a degree from Papua New Guinea. After much research and a personal recommendation, I knew I was going to get it done at Bascom Palmer. I scheduled a visit so they could check my eyes and determine if I was a good candidate for surgery. Within a couple of weeks I had seen a doctor and it was determined that my eyes would be restored to perfect vision with surgery. As I arrived for my surgery, I checked in and waited in a dark, dimly lit lobby while a TV showed the news. I was nervous and couldn't believe that if everything went right I was going to be able to see perfectly in less than 24 hours. Upon check in, I was asked if I wanted Valium to calm my nerves. Being afraid to death of pills I said I was good and didn't need them. The receptionist told me I should get them at the on-site pharmacy anyway and if I didn't need them I can give them to him. I laughed it off and just kept the prescription in my pocket. As I waited for my turn, a woman came out of the operating room with some family members around her. Her eyes were bandaged and she was upset. They led her into the room I was waiting in and she was crying about how she could not go on. I stayed calm and fought the urge to walk out and tell them to reschedule. The young woman was crying like they put hot pokers in her eyeballs. The doctor came out to talk to her family and I knew I was next since they had told me I was after her.I waited and was summoned by a lady to enter the operating room. They had the room prepped and I was with my sister who was going to oversee the operation from outside the glass while it was being performed. I was sat on a dentist style bed and removed my glasses. The chair reclined and Dr. Culbertson described exactly what they were going to do and for how long. He explained to me how it was important that I remain calm. They asked if I took the Valium and I told them I didn't. I remember them placing socket-like circles that generated pressure around my eye-balls. Soon after, I remember them slicing around my eye and then lifting "the flap" open so they can get to the eye itself. Then the laser was used and I remember there being a loud clacking noise as the laser was used. While, the laser was being used, the Dr. repeatedly told me how much time was left and kept reassuring me quietly. They then placed "the flap" back over my eye and they used something that felt and looked like a mini-comb to wipe it like it was a windshield. It felt like I had sand in my eye - very discomforting. They worked on the other eye and did the exact same procedure. The total operation itself took about 10-15 minutes. Due to the laser my eyes were closed and bandaged. I was driven home and only opened them a few times in the next few hours. When I did, it was like a faucet was turned on there were so many tears coming out. My nose was runny as well and I went home and took a long nap. The next morning, I woke up and while my eyes were still in some discomfort I remember seeing the time on the alarm clock perfectly. I was like a small child excited that after almost 20 years of corrected vision, I had better than 20/20 eyesight. Several years later, my vision is still perfect (knock on wood). My suggestion is that while Bascom Palmer isn't the least expensive place to get LASIK it's worth the money. When I got my eyes done they were ranked #1 in the nation for LASIK surgery. The care I received during and after the surgery and the results obtained were well worth it. To this day I have not spent my money on something more worthwhile than my surgery at Bascom Palmer.
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,6/7/2010,314,746,8,22,11>This place is GREAT if you just have something small wrong & you need it fixed. They can fix lacerations, small burns, UTI, sinus infection, skin problems, epi pen refills etc for cheap. They accept most insurance and if you don't have it the exams are about $60 - much cheaper than a $1000 visit to the ER. They are fast, efficient and nice. I signed in and was called back and seen right away. I've stopped in for 2 different things (of course crap always happens on the weekend....and they are open to serve you!) and have been pleased both times. So, if you have a sniffle or boo-boo you need to get checked out go here for a quick in & out visit!They also offer vaccines (Flu, tetanus hepatitis etc), and some basic blood testing (cholesterol levels etc).
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2009,6/6/2010,142,214,5,9,7>Wow what an amazing collection of whimsical art and creative ideas. FriendsWithYou is a great addition to the Miami art scene and their store is packed with fun goodies for you and your favorite friends. They sell T-shirts, original prints, books, toys and of course Malfi's. If you have never heard of FriendsWithYou check out their website, where you can see samples of their work. The staff is friendly, young and excited. They had cotton candy at the Basel opening last night. Their art is inexpensive but adorable. Great for kids, adults anyone who loves to smile!
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,2/4/2012,153,1226,10,9,12>the room is awesome. its cozy and dark. i rarely visit the room during weekends because thats when all the posers go there... tryin to be cool an shit. you come to the room for the great crafty beers and perhaps to start a conversation with someone at the bar and whatnot. the room is the place where you bring friends you actually want to talk to with... but thats only if you actually have any of those in your life... adding tvs to the room would be like installing an ashtray on your motorcycle. kinda dumb.
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,2/3/2012,148,183,7,9,8>Blu Sushi's soft opening was magical. Absolutely magical. The owners definitely know what they were doing and right off the bat, you can see that it really is all about the Blu experience.Here are a couple things that made the "Blu experience" great -1. Use of technology.Forget those clunky ranged buzzers that you have to hold and walk with - Blu simply asks for your phone number and sends you a text when your table is almost ready. Convenient much? Okay okay, I can definitely see the downside of this system (e.g. for those less tech savvy, those with a dying phone or those without cell phones etc). But you know what? It's a pro in my book.2. Use of recyclables.Look up & you'll see what I mean. Recycling turned decor leads to a great conversation starter. Awesome job, Blu.3. The hosts, servers and bartenders.Everyone was on their best behaviours; extremely welcoming, warm and understanding. 4. The drinks.Every drink I tried was even more delicious than the last. As in, dangerously delicious where you don't even taste the alcohol and can drink it like juice. For something a bit sweet I recommend the Purple Dragon. Girly yet dangerous. For something scumptious, the Chocolate Martini. Holy moly. For those needing a bit of a kick - hit up the cocktail that has pepper in it. Even that was surprisingly good.5. The food.Everything we ate (and we sampled a lot) scored high on my sushi-loving richter scale. At some point, I literally asked my friends if I had died and gone to heaven. No joke. Here's my take on the sushi. Everything was fresh, appropriately priced with wicked presentation but what sealed the deal for me on most rolls was the killer combination of spicy mayo & eel sauce. Seriously? This is a definite no-brainer. Spicy mayo AND eel sauce together? Heaven. Let's not forget about the tempura flakes. TEMPURA FLAKES. *drool*Okay so perhaps my own qualm with the sushi would be that if you're not a fan of cream cheese in your sushi (yes, we exist) then your options are severly limited as they seem to appear in most. Just sayin'.Appetizers: - Sushi tacos (might need to ask for it)- Zulu Shrimp. Absolutely amazing.- Gyoza. Very much nommable.Specialty Rolls: - Leggo my Lobster. Appropriately named and worth every penny. Enough to share (but why would you?) - Lava Drops. A definite must.- Volcano. Warm, cute and not messy like their other sushi-dining counterparts.- Everblade. They had me at eel sauce and a dash of spicy mayo.Deserts not listed but they do have - you just have to ask the server.Overall, the place itself has a nice, trendy vibe to it. I especially love the access to the bar from the outside. Beautiful Miami winter weather, where you at?There's no doubt that I'll be back to try them post-launch. Lunch menu, I'm ready for you.
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,2/2/2012,87,85,7,7,5>An optical illusion. Then again, aren't most of Wynwood's establishments effectively so? From the outside, it looks like a dive, but step inside and you're teleported to an oasis of beautiful, vivid, contemporary art. Dark oak table tops surrounded by murals in red and black paint create a  warm and inviting ambience yearning for you to unlock eyes with your date every so often to study your surroundings. I got there early on a Friday evening. The crowd was quiet and a lot of tables were still waiting to be filled. We initially opted to sit out on the terrace, but soon after we sat on our funky aqua chairs, one of those 2 minute mini-hurricanes took its cue. The staff was friendly and accommodating, sportively moving us back inside to a nice booth facing the bar. I'm actually glad it started pouring. Sitting inside was so much better! Our waitress was also adorable. I almost seriously wanted to take her home to mom. She was helpful without being too pesky and all of her drink and menu suggestions were honest and appreciated. My plans were to take things slow and to pace myself between each dish. I started off with one of their signature cocktails, the Ron English-- a yummy concoction of coconut milk and spices such as cayenne pepper. I swear every sip I took was different from the last! It was a nice and spicy segue to the tomatillo salsa and chips we ordered to munch on first. A while after, ropa vieja empandas with a cooling cilantro crema led to tender, braised short ribs and brussel sprouts with bacon. While the food wasn't out of this world innovative, it was still good. There wasn't anything I tried that I did not enjoy. Portions are also of a decent size; the two of us shared everything and could have easily welcomed a third to our tastings. The best part was of course, dessert. There's this coconut upside down cake drizzled in a whisky caramel sauce that blew our minds. It took 15 minutes to prepare, but I'm a firm believer that desserts you have to wait impatiently for are always the best.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,2/1/2012,352,828,9,13,8>In the last several months, both a family member and a former office colleague have joined CrossFit Vida in Brickell and are both addicted to it. So on a Saturday morning at 9 a.m., my family member dragged me to CrossFit for their complimentary Intro/Newbie Class (the classes are 1 hour).I've had very little exposure to it other than watching the ESPN Crossfit Games and seeing its members run on SE 14th Street in Brickell. I was aware that it is a strength and conditioning program used by many police and law enforcement groups.At CrossFit, there is a "Workout of the Day" or "WOD" that is posted on the main CrossFit website. We started with a very short jog down SE 14th. Next, we did a few group stretches and exercises. Then it was on to the "WOD" for this Intro Class: 3 Reps of 5 Exercises, 1 Minute Each, 1 Minute Break between Reps1) Box Jumps 2) Ball Toss; 3) Dumbell Push Press; 4) Ab Mat Situps 5) BurpeesIt's only 15 minutes of total exercise time with one minute breaks between each 5 minute interval. For this early morning Class, there were about 14 people (on weekdays I understand you'll find 20-30 per class, depending on the time). For my class, I was grouped with the 3 other Newbies. So after the very loud music went on, the Instructor started us on the first Rep. My group started with the box jumps. The box was only 12" above the ground, and after 40 seconds of these jumps, my calves started to burn (glad I didn't do the higher box). The instructors walked around and very nicely shouted advice for the exercise correctly such as straightening your back at the end of each box jump. After 60 seconds, we moved on to the Ball Toss. I saw these tosses on ESPN CrossFit Games, and after 30 seconds or so, it started to get more difficult with each toss. The CrossFit Trainers demonstrated a scaled down way to perform each exercise and about the time I was ready to scale down, the 60 seconds was over. There was a large clock on the wall where you can watch the minutes or seconds pass, and I was already watching the clock. Next, the Dumbell Push Press. They only had 15 Pound Dumbells, and this one was hard, even though I've done them before. On to the Ab Mat Situps, the mat feels great on your lower back and for this first rep, I was still feeling okay. Then the Burpees. I've done many exercises in my lifetime but have never done a Burpee (something like a pushup to standup, clapping your hands above your head). After 4 minutes and 59 seconds the first Rep was over. I followed the crowd over to the drinking fountain and 1 minute later, the Rep 2 started with the Box Jumps. So it was about this time that I started to hit my wall, that feeling you get when you  don't think you will make it. Yikes, only 9 minutes more to go....Well I did make it and when the final minute or Burpee was over, I felt a sense of accomplishment. My family member came over to see if I was okay. To continue, I'll need to take the 101 Class (4 consecutive classes Monday-Thursday at 8:15 pm). Once you complete the 101 Class,  you can attend the regularly scheduled 1 hour classes. That's CrossFit Vida in Brickell!
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,1/31/2012,156,245,7,7,7>SO MUCH FOOD!!I posted on the talk threads looking for a cheap, greasy breakfast, comfortable with and figuring I'd be sent somewhere with hispanic roots.  (I don't know how to be politically correct when it comes to describing food)  Anyway, the first response that turned our car around from it's original destination was to go to El Arte Bakery and Cafe on bird and 87th.  My only requirements were the breakfast staples: eggs, bacon, bread.  I got heart attack worthy bacon, almost 6 strips!, lots of scrambled eggs, cuban toast, and french fries.  Oh yeah, PLUS cafe con leche.  Guess how much?   3.50!!  ($1 more after 11)  It's kind of hard to mess up those breakfast staples and my bacon was super crispy, just the way I like it.  My BF had the bistec with eggs on top with french fries (he accidentally asked for french toast, hahaha), cuban toast and cafe con leche for something like $5.  THey also serve fresh squeezed OJ and they have a little bakery where we also got rice pudding and a little pastry for under $3.  We both understood and could speak enough spanish to order, and our server thankfully spoke enough of English.  There is a quiet gentlemen who opens the door which makes this place that much cuter.  First stop on my cheap, greasy breakfast tour was a success!
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,1/30/2012,1130,144,12,13,13>Its hard for me to really put into words just how much i love this restaurant. To put it simply ... It freaking ROCKS ! I have been a loyal costumer of El Madrono since 2001, when my mom married a Nicaraguan man. If there is one thing (now that they're divorced) I can appreciate this man for , it is for introducing me to this restaurant. It is a truly authentic place, you know the food is going to be excellent if there are women cooking it ! The churrasco and Gallo pinto are bursting with flavor, maduros , queso frito, ceviche, tacitos and repocheta are the BEST! Throw on some chimichurri and picante and you are set. Oh yeah, the bread they bring out is great also ( put picante and chimichurri on it) Cacao is a must for desert. Service is always pleasant , you will not be disappointed This is one of my favorite places because i know i will always leave so full and satisfied
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,1/29/2012,365,232,13,9,10>I'VE BEEN GOING TO TED'S HIDEAWAY SINCE BEFORE TED WAS BORN.  Maybe that's not possible.  Maybe I've only been going there since before YOU were born.  Yeah, that's more like it.Ted's is a great bar.  Friendly folks, good drinks, reasonable prices, pool table, juke box.  It's nice.It's cleaner today than it used to be.  I remember when they had some couches that could get you pregnant if you sat on them in a miniskirt.  And I remember walking into the women's room once and looking at a very educational illustration of a sex act I have never seen anywhere live or in pictures before or since.  And while I was studying this edifying artwork, there was somebody sniffing in the stall next to me and two girls smoking in the stall after that.  That was a long time ago, mind you.  It's a much more wholesome atmosphere these days.
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,1/27/2012,274,769,16,17,15>I heard so many great things about Crumb on Parchment, but unfortunately had not been able to try it out, since I'm typically on the other side of Miami when they're open. However, from now on, I will simply just call in late when my craving for awesome pastries strikes!I was enjoying my Memorial Day off when I saw a couple of friends were here. (No I wasn't stalking, just gave me an indication they were open :) Since I was on the bus over to South Beach, I instead just got off and walked over. It's located inside a mall of upscale boutiques including Martin Margiella, and the shoe shaped stair made famous in the '03 movie "Hey DJ" youtu.be/wTChGFmZcUY (about 0:36 in) In addition to various baked goods, they have sandwiches, wine and a rotation of beers. (Since they store them in a metal tub, they say Beer in Tub instead of on tap; I found that funny).The peach cobbler was deliciously crunchy, not too hot (thats a good thing) and gave me the opportunity to savor the sweet tartness of the peaches. It balanced perfectly with my cold Blue Moon, a perfect hair of the dog of a long weekend. The counter staff was pleasant, sweet and I look forward to stopping by again...Uh, sir, I might be a little late to the office today =)
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,1/26/2012,529,642,13,17,12>There was once a place way out by Country Walk called Viet Family; this would have been about 10-12 years ago. I remember enjoying these big hearty noodle bowls with incredibly flavorful broth there, until one night my family went there and it had turned into a Thai/Japanese place. I always wondered what happened to the Viet Family. Little did I know it had resurfaced, practically right under my nose, in the form of Pho Thang (the back of the menu, in fact, confirms the same ownership)Back then, I had no idea what pho was, I just liked the big-ass bowls of beef, broth and noodles in which I could dump lime, cilantro and hot sauce. Even until very recently, I never pronounced "pho" correctly. Why had no one told me before?I arrived, and could tell that this place had successfully exported the grungy charm of the old Viet Family restaurant. The clientele was overwhelmingly Asian, which I immediately took to be a great sign. The menu was laden with lots of pho options and other noodle bowls, curries, spring rolls, whole fish. Fairly inexpensive too. I ended up starting out with spring rolls and winter rolls, finding the winter rolls to be slightly preferable as they carried more of the savory flavor of roast pork, hitting all the notes perfectly along with the requisite mint and nutty dipping sauce. Even though at 8PM it was still hotter than the surface of the sun outside, I just had to order pho - I went with the seared beef/rare beef/tripe option. The bowl arrived, huge, steamy and teeming with noodles and beef slices. A separate plate was provisioned with bean sprouts, lime, hot pepper slices and cuttings of spicy basil. I dumped them all in, threw down with some Sriracha sauce, and it was on. I loved the broth. It wasn't so much a standard beefy broth; it was more fragrant, with cinnamon and nutmeg seemingly leading the charge. Add the lime, basil and pepper sauce, and it's a real explosion of flavors.I want to inquire about BYOB, because the beer list is sorely lacking. I know, I know, what do I expect - but it's sad. A spicy bowl of pho doesn't want an arranged marriage with Budweiser or Singha......it wants a torrid, illicit affair with the rakish Belgian Saison Dupont. There's a lot to try here, so I will certainly be back. Service isn't the quickest, and this isn't a sexy place to see and be seen, it's more of a family restaurant for good old fashioned down and dirty eating. I'm a little surprised that this place has been so lightly-reviewed, given the standard lamenting that there are no real Vietnamese restaurants in South Florida. Well, here's one - give it a try!
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,1/25/2012,149,235,16,19,20>Like finger pistols, Transit Lounge was cool in theory, not in execution.  After all of the drama (search the New Times for some of the nitty gritty) surrounding the Transit Lounge close, it was great to see this glorious pheonix rise from its ashes. The space has been taken over by the same guys behind Purdy Lounge, The Bar and Chow Down. They gutted the place, outfitted it with rich woods, supple leather chairs and a gorgeous, well-stocked, well organized, well-lit bar with an insanely appetizing row of fresh fruits and herbs between you and your mixologist. They source these ingredients from a local farmers' market during the day - it's quality stuff. I met some friends on the stripped down outside patio (just a few plastic chairs and some picnic tables and pots of herbs), no frills, but it doesn't need it. Our waitress, Jill, was an absolute star. She was super attentive and engaged us in a conversation about the cocktail menu (which I posted a picture of, so check it out). Jill's a self-proclaimed Purdy-girl who jumped across the bay to work at this new venture, and is as much a fan of the space's transformation as I am (so, a big one). So, let's talk about this cocktail menu for a second. Rumor (miami.com/delano-miami-b…) has it that John Lermayer of what was The Florida Room is partly responsible for the magic that goes on behind the bar. After a late night at work, I was ready to stroll through the menu. We tried: Golden Swallow, Mourning Dove , London Sparrow and Roadside Hawk (seeing a trend yet?) along with a couple heavily poured Russian Standards and soda (all around $10 a piece). So real talk: put cucumber in a drink (Roadside Hawk) and I am on board. Put hot sauce in a cocktail (London Sparrow) and I'm all in. Bourbon drinks (Golden Swallow)? My new favorite kind of drinks (if you're into them, my current hands down fave is the Elder Statesman at The Corner). So, all of these were expertly crafted, well-balanced, and had a decent alcohol-to-mixer ratio (I like my drinks a little boozier usually, but I'm not going to complain about going easy on the alcohol on a wednesday night). But, here's where Blackbird really impressed me; tell me I'm going to like Guiness, a whole egg, vanilla cordial and nutmeg - TOGETHER- WOAH, hold up, no, no thank you. That sounds like a messy mistake we made in the back of our randomly stocked college bar (beergaritas, anyone?) - there's no way. Someone made a left turn on their way to eggnog and got seriously lost and somehow concocted this.But, after some egging on from Jill, and let's face it, at 2 AM with 3 cocktails in me already, I was easily influenced, I bit the bullet and tried it. Jill promised if I didn't like it she'd trade it for the Ibis I was considering - no big deal. So on a chilly Miami night, Jill brings out this glass of foamy-chocolate milk-colored drink and we try it. Wow. Not nearly as heavy as you would expect, just sweet enough and honestly, it tastes like Christmas. I  wouldn't suggest ordering more than one, because halfway down the glass the whole egg starts to weigh you down - but what a (literal) treat. What a treat. Welcome to the neighborhood, Blackbird. I know we just met, and this might be a little forward of me, but I love you. I really, really love you.
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,1/15/2013,206,133,8,10,9>Yes I know it has been awhile since my last review. School has consumed my life. I really wanted to write this review because of what this place has meant to my family.  I went to visit my mother and our 14 year old cat was bleeding from his paw, she had me look at it and I immediately knew something was wrong.  I started calling different vets in the area and thankfully found this one.The lady who answered my phone call was polite and told us to come in right away. Long story Dr. Tenzer and his staff were wonderful. The following day they did surgery to remove his tumor which we were optimistic it would not grow back. During the day of his surgery and after him coming home Dr. Tenzer and his staff called with updates and to constantly check on him.  They are so very caring and do such great work here. One month later the tumor did come back and was much bigger.  Again we rushed him in to see Dr. Tenzer and he referred us over to a specialist.  We knew it was bad at this point.  Dr. Tenzer had saved the tumor from the surgery and sent it in that same day to get analyzed as to what type of cancer it was.  This was such a huge help as the specialist did not need to do a biopsy and wait 3-5 days for a report. A few days later Dr. Tenzer called us with the final report and faxed it over to the specialist.  He has been in constant contact with our family through this difficult time. He has helped in more ways than we could ever imagine.  He is a top notch veterinarian who is so caring and kind.  His entire staff are great as well.My mother will never take her two cats to another vet other than this one and I am glad.  I also have a cat but since I live in South Miami and they are closed on Saturday's I am forced to go elsewhere.  I can only hope I find such a great vet. Thank you for being there for me and my family.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,1/14/2013,393,254,12,12,12>Buy me everything in here, ok? No seriously.You cannot walk through Koto without wanting to buy SOMETHING. It's one of those stores that really has something for everyone, even though the store is SO SMALL. I feel like Goliath in there, always knocking something over because my hips are bigger than the walk way.ANYHOW, the place, again has it all: cheap sunglasses, expensive candles, iPhone accessories, bags, grooming supplies, gag gifts, cell phone cases, magnet, coasters of dogs dressed up like MJ, I mean c'mon, do I really need to go on?Some things are a little ridic on the pricing, but I mean, it's on Lincoln Road so there's a price tag for that alone.I love going in there and picking up things, mostly for me, but sometimes for you. It's definitely worth the while, especially during the holidays. Plenty of stocking stuffers to be purchased here for sure. If you can't find something for yourself or someone else then you're probably SOL.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,1/13/2013,242,2016,13,15,9>Boom!That's the sound that greets you in the parking lot.Boom!  Boom!  Boom!That's the sound that greets you when you open the door.BOOM!  BOOM!  BOOM!That's the sound your heart makes when you pull the trigger for the first time.  Not because you're scared, but because you've just exercised your 2nd Amendment right.A handgun rental will generally cost you about $45.  I covered what is covered in the cost with a previous quick tip.  You can also rent high-powered rifles and shotguns as well.  Of course, you can also purchase firearms here.  If you don't have a concealed weapons license, then the waiting period is 5 business days.  If you do have a concealed weapons license, then you can purchase any firearm with no wait time.  A concealed weapons license can be achieved by attending a 2-hour class (offered here for $60).  After completing the course, you'll be instructed to make an appointment with a state agency where you can receive your license.  There is a fee involved ($112 paid with personal check or money order), and your permit is good for 7 years.  The permit is recognized in 35 states.Everyone that works in this store is extremely knowledgeable about all of the firearms they carry.  If you're worried about anything, they will put you at ease.  What's great about this place is that you can demo your firearm before purchasing it.For home defense, I recommend a 9mm handgun (SigSauer, Glock, Smith & Wesson, and Colt are good brands) and a security shotgun (Mossberg, Winchester, and Remington are tops).  For the apocalypse, I suggest a .45 cal handgun (HK45, Glock 21, SigSauer P220, and the Smith & Wesson M&P 45 are tops), a hunting rifle, and a semi-automatic rifle.Semi-auto rifles should be 5.56mm (NATO round) and the top rifles include:AK-47 (Russian made)...good luck finding this weapon.  If you do happen to come across one, you'll shell out anywhere from $15-$30k.  They are the best assault rifles in the business but they don't fire NATO roundsThe FN-SCAR is a beast and may be easier to get your hands on than the AK and can fire an AK round as well as the NATO round. The M-16 is used by the US Military and not available to the public, but there are ways around that.The M-4 is available to the public and can be fitted to fire NATO Rounds.The HK G36 also fires NATO rounds but has limited range.I apologize for the tangent on assault rifles.  I just love them so much.  One day I hope to be an owner of a few.  But until then, I'll rent an AR-15 (.22) at Florida Gun Center and fire a couple of thousand rounds.It's cheaper than purchasing an AK...
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/12/2013,120,122,6,7,7>I've been wanting to join a boxing gym for a long time.  I was torn between two gyms and ultimately based my decision on the reviews for each on Yelp.  As always, my fellow yelpers led me to the right place.  I'm in love with my new gym.  I've never actually enjoyed going to the gym until now.  I've never boxed before, so I was skeptical at first.  Luckily, the trainers are familiar with their gym members so when they notice a new face, they come introduce themselves and keep an eye on you throughout the classes constantly giving you tips and teaching you correct technique to avoid injuries.  The offer boxing, kick boxing, techniques of boxing, and RITE(Routine is the Enemy) cross fit classes among others.  The staff is always extremely friendly, and you can tell they love what they do.  A lot of them have fought professionally, so you're getting trained by some of the best.  Each trainer has their own style and approach to the sport, and that's why I love this gym.  I have yet to see the same workout twice and in just a couple of weeks, I've noticed changes in my body and my overall mood.  Something about punching the heck out of those bags is quite the stress reliever.  The locker room has always been clean.  It's a little locker room, but I've only ever seen someone other than myself in there once.  There is only one shower and one bathroom in the women's locker room, but again, it has never been an issue.  In addition to their decent membership prices, they sell all the equipment you might need.  Gloves, wraps, jump ropes, etc.The best part about this gym is that everyone is really just there to work out.  I've never felt uncomfortable in there as I have at other gyms.  The classes are set up for everyone to work at their own level while still getting an amazing workout.  There isn't anything that will be thrown your way that is impossible to do.... (well except maybe push ups... I couldn't do push ups if my life depended on it... but I get points for trying haha)The only negative for me is the parking situation.  Street parking is $1.75 an hour, or the garage half a block away is $1 an hour.  Nothing terrible, but it puts a dent in your pocket when you go everyday.  The garage does offer monthly passes, but I have yet to check those out (I'll get back to you on this).Joining South Florida Boxing has been one of the best decisions I've made in a long time.  You can bet your bottom dollar that I'll be strutting my stuff in a tiny bikini on South Beach next summer, and if someone tries to mess with me, I'll be equipped to uppercut them into oblivion!
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,1/11/2013,170,440,6,9,8>Hungry? Out late? this is the place to go for that late nite snack you are craving! the sweet tooth addiction can be satisfied here! There is a nice variety of cupcake flavors to chose from... Your traditional Red Velvet, Vanilla Bean and Dulce de leche are available! and then there are the "Party must go on" cupcakes with Mojito, Kaluhua and Vodka cupcakes! I had the Guava which turned out to be different from what i usually expect in a guava cupcake.  It was a moist fresh cake filled with guava flavor generously adorned with pieces of guava throw out each bite, topped with fluffy creamy heavenly guava flavored cream cheese that made my taste buds dance for joy!!   Hubby went for the "Mojito" which was a party all itself! It was like a cocktail in a paper liner!  Loved the delicious melt in your mouth whipped crown on this lite cake!!!  Not only does this place offer you a chance to address that sweet tooth, but there is also another treat within this treat!!! You can satisfy that growl in your tummy by indulging in one of their "El Sandwich" creations! There is a nice variety of sandwiches available served on either a white baguette, multigrain baguette or sandwich roll.  We went for the Ham Salami & Provolone on a Multigrain baguette toasted topped with lettuce and tomato.  This was toasted to a delicious crunchy crust making it warm and yummy!!! The bread was amazing! It was a nice size portion shared by my hubby and i - served with a nice side of dijon mustard which complimented the delicious selection of ham and salami!!!!  Our son had the chicken & brie on a white baguette.  can not stop raving of how good it was... we have to go back and try it ourselves and ofcourse, while there, pick up another cupcake!!!  or muffin, or cinnamon roll, or donut, yes all made there as well!! Great place for a late snack - open till 4am!!!
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,1/10/2013,274,769,11,15,14>With all due respect and love to my veggie friends, I love meat! There are few things better than the smell and taste of a fresh burger straight off the grill! The slightly smokey smell while it's being cooked - which bakes in to the meat - makes my mouth water as I write this review. Add to that the sweet taste of the mango topping pieces from the tropical burger I ordered and you're talking a yummy, filling dinner!Compared to one of the more famous gourmet burger places, Ruta 75 also gives me the chance to enjoy three soft, chewy cream puffs served in a rich blueberry syrup, sweet yet not overwhelmingly so.Though I got my food to go, I'm digging the dimly lit interior, neon lighting decor reminiscent of a club as well as the fact most of the soundtrack while I waited had an uptempo acid house beat.Chatting with who appeared to be the owner while I waited, I found they had just opened a couple of months ago. A couple of things I'd suggest: though the curly fries we're visually cool maybe add some more seasoning or a few dipping sauces in addition to ketchup. The mango sauce that was on my burger is one idea! The location on the map needs to be updated since the Yelp map currently leads you to an industrial warehouse. I called, and they gave me more current directions, with which I complement their customer service.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,1/9/2013,763,459,8,14,12>I had a SPECTACULAR time Friday night at Bardot. It could be safe to say that it was one of the best bar experiences I've had in Miami to date. We arrived and without even a hesitation the "doorman" let us right in. It was a nice gesture as we are pretty sick of dealing with the douche-y doorman of Miami. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I don't believe you have to worry about that at Bardot.It's not too dark but not too bright, perfect lighting.I ordered a glass of wine at the bar which was obviously not amazing as Bardot is a dive-type bar but it was do-able. There was a live band which was really good and then a DJ to follow who blew my mind.I could NOT stop dancing, literally. I felt like a mouse on a wheel! The DJ played such great tunes. There was a period when he went on a serious disco tangent but he reeled it back in to the indie tunes after a few songs. Also, he opened his set with two tracks from Crystal Castles (who happen to be my favorite band). I have never in my life heard them being played in a bar and many people will read this and go Crystal who? but I was shocked (in a good way) that he played them and carried right on dancing my butt off. It was packed, yes. People bumped into me. There was some wine spilling going on at some point in the night but overall, nothing too uncomfortable. We asked the minimum for bottle service and they said $350 which is beyond reasonable. I would suggest going with a few people and splitting table service to allow more room. I think we will definitely be back in the near future and opt for that.
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,1/8/2013,56,157,8,12,11>The best part of Robert is Here? The fact that it's the perfect slice of Florida and that Robert actually is here. On our way to the Keys or even just on a drive down to Florida City, Robert is Here is a must stop for us. RIH began as a little kid's roadside stand (yup, Robert's!) where he sold fruit before and after he went to school. He marked it with a sign that said "Robert is here" to grab attention from passersby. Today, there's a huge sign, tons of cars, and you couldn't miss this place if you tried. It's morphed into a fruit stand x1000, with every possible fruit and veggie you could dream of, and some you've never even heard of. (Have you ever heard of sapote, canistel, sapodilla, starfruit, or jackfruit? Me either!) There are always samples on the counter and most of the exotic fruit is labelled with helpful explanations of what it tastes like, when it's ripe, and how to eat it. If exotic fruit isn't your thing, there's plenty of Florida favorites like mangos (all the different varieties - I recommend the Kent variety myself), citrus, and other tropical fruit. The availability varies by season, of course, and RIH is closed from September-October. All that said, I think the best part of this place is the service. It's a family run business, they put a lot of pride into it and it shows. Robert himself is usually behind the counter, slicing up fruit for samples or answering questions. The employees are always very helpful and courteous and more than willing to answer questions. They'll even help you select your fruit. Just tell them when you want it to be ripe, and they'll deliver. I do this every time we visit and the fruit they've selected has always been perfect. Aside from fruit, there's a huge section of homemade jams, jellies, hot sauces, salad dressings, and salsas. I could get lost in this aisle, in a "I want it all" sort of way. I've tried a few of the jellies, jams, and salsas, and they've all been very good and most have unique flavors. You can also sample a variety of different Florida honeys, with everything from avocado to key lime honey. (Try the orange blossom!) If you're craving more key lime, there's lots of key lime items, including a selection of Kermit's key lime products from Key West.Is the fruit expensive? Yes, but it's worth it. You know how sometimes you buy fruit or veggies at the grocery store and they just aren't sweet or it doesn't taste as good as it looks? I have never had a piece of fruit from Robert is Here that wasn't candy-sweet, juicy, and delicious. I don't know how they do it, but they just do. Besides, it's not like this is a place you go every day to pick up some groceries. RIH is a special treat. You're paying for quality here, and it shows in their products, from the produce to their jellies and homemade goods. Behind the fruit stand is a new splash area (just some shallow puddles, similar to a slip and slide with small fountains), a large cage with some macaws and parrots, and a petting zoo. The petting zoo is actually a large pen filled with tortoises, turtles, goats, hens and roosters, swans, turkeys, emus, and donkeys. You can feed them some food from the dispensers or just sit back and observe. Kids will love the petting zoo, adults will be pleased the kids can't get in there to actually pet the animals and amused in a "these animals all live together?" kind of way. There's picnic tables and benches out back where you can sit and enjoy your treats before you get back on your way. RIH is a great stop to stretch your legs from the car ride, wander around, enjoy some fruit and milkshakes, and take a break. On weekends, there's live music out front and a festive, lively atmosphere. The stand is buzzing with tourists from all over, and the ubiquitous line to grab a milkshake never ends. Join in and soak up the tourist-yness of good old fashioned Florida! If you're headed down to the Keys, don't miss out on Robert is Here!!
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,1/7/2013,352,456,5,8,6>My husband and I are smitten! So happy we gave this place a shot. If you're not a big fan of burgers (like me) still give it a try- there are lots of other options. It's a super laid back place with a fun atmosphere and friendly service. Everything on the menu sounds good. I tried getting my husband to order the "my childhood dream" with a donut as a bun (just so I could steal a bite) but instead he got the Frida with guava. Good choice! The bite I had was perfect. Made me almost wish I got a burger.Instead I got a salad that had peas, tomatoes, bacon,  grilled chicken, and gruyere cheese. Delicious! I was nervous because sometimes the chicken can be a let down but this was juicy and nicely seasoned. I also loved the gruyer instead of mozzarella or other generic cheese- just made it a little more interesting. Overall everything was really fresh and true to their name everything is local. My husband even had a great Florida beer. Now I need to go back to try the alligator and that donut burger...Oh! And bring your dog- they have an actual doggy menu!
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,1/6/2013,327,121,7,18,11>So I recently came here for the grand opening night this previous sunday before Christmas! I had no idea that this place was working in conjunction with Seoul Garden so I was surprised to see that the address was just the same. I think that's pretty cool and smart for a start-up business. You get to create your own business and also provide a new option for the previous restaurants customers. So whereas Seoul Garden had korean and few thai options, now it has Sushi-Mee to add a whole new Japanese side if you're hankering for sushi and your partner wants the KBBQ. Sushi + Korean Soju? ...yes please! Onto the food, make sure you come when the owner of Sushi-Mee (Mikko-san) & sushi chef is working! He really knows how to create exquisite sushi from any concoction and on the spot! My friends and I ordered: the Volcano Dragon roll [ yelp.com/biz_photos/22J0… ] the Crunchy Tuna roll [ yelp.com/biz_photos/22J0… ] and the "ASU" roll which is NOT on the menu, but you MUSTMUSTMUST order it and try it! I can't even describe it but its probably one of my favorite rolls. All I can say it that its topped with juicy tuna pieces all over the top of the roll. I really liked how every roll was super fresh. The avocados didn't taste old or stale, like how some can get especially when you come to dine at nighttime. I loved the crunchy tuna roll because inside were the most juicy and thick pieces of tuna. Best part of it all and that 95% of the rolls are $7 - $10! Including the "specialty" rolls! So come here for really succulent pieces of sushi that you would normally pay $15 or more elsewhere. I didn't really get to try any of the other entrees or apps. I really came for just the sushi fix haha but I will! Be advised that this is purely pretty much apps and sushi! And its a good things because its definitely their strongpoint! They don't have your typical japanese dinner entrees here like Teriyaki Chicken or etc. For those of you that live near, the owner also works with grubhub.com so you can order sushi to go and be delivered right to your home. From what I've seen on the site.. they've gotten all 5 star ratings thus far on their services for a budding business! So check it out!
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2009,8/18/2009,142,214,4,7,4>As a fan of yoga I know how expensive it is to belong to a studio. So this free yoga is a great alternative. Two classes a week for free! While you are bending, stretching and working on getting your dog to go more downward...you can see the beautiful inner downtown of Miami, or the blue water of Biscayne bay. With a nice breeze the weather is perfect, and when it cools down in the fall it will be amazing. Although it is a little crowded, you can easily get a spot in the pavilion if you show up a few minutes early. Signing a simple waiver is all you have to do to join the class. If you are new to yoga this class would be great, with easier poses and a moderate pace keeping up is a sinch. However this is a great class for veterans as well. Practicing your Half Moon while enjoying one of the best parks in Miami is reason enough to go.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,8/17/2009,75,268,1,10,5>Had to visit the emercency room a week ago, unfortunately. Got there with chest pains and Ralph immediately took me in, hooked me up for an electro and took all my vitals, He knew exactly what my symptoms were and why, they put me in one of their rooms and hooked me up to monitors and IV. Jeannie, my nurse, was AMAZING as was Ralph. They took extremely good care of me and made me feel at ease in a situation that was anything but easy for me.  Dr. Valdes was very nice and attentive too and he made sure everything was done quickly.  When it came time to take me to a room upstairs, Jeannie did it herself instead of having one of the other guys do it. Once in my ICU room, Tamara took excellent care of me, being extremely gentle when she needed to poke me for blood or medication. I also had Car (yes, that's her nickname) and another amazing nurse which I am so sorry to say that I don't remember her name but she was wonderful.  Thank God, all went well, just a major scare and they made me feel well taken care of.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,8/16/2009,56,62,6,5,5>This place is excellent. Like the previous yelper, I also work walking distance from Alameda. Some weeks I  go every day for lunch. The food is prepared with love, always with the freshest ingredients. It's an Argentinean place, but the Italian cuisine influence is clear. Here are some menu items that were not mentioned before that are worth a try.-The #1 - stands for a prosciutto and slabs of fresh mozzarella sandwich served with basil and smeared with a thick balsamic vinaigrette.Every other prosciutto sandwich I have had after this one has tasted bland (Bin 18 Bistro for example).- The Empanda Caprese (baked) - my favorite empanada of the whole bunch comes with mozzarella, basil and tomatoes. You can also get orangina here which I think is neat. Cheers!
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,8/15/2009,5,7,3,5,5>I stopped by the Bee Hive on Saturday to grab some lunch and boy was it GOOD!!!! I had stuffed zucchini w/ red pepper sauce and brown rice mixed with lentils and caramelized onions.....YUM!!!! Before I took off, I grabbed two seitan empanadas which made for a delicious late night snack. I've never been let down by this place. They serve delicious vegan dishes made fresh daily, and they also have a set menu with great sandwiches and smoothies. The daily menu is never the same which keeps it really interesting. Don't get it twisted, I'm not a fanatical vegan. I eat meat occasionally. In fact, I was raised in a Hispanic house hold where rice, beans and some kind of meat was served daily.. so don't think it won't please your palate if you're a meat eater. The staff is very friendly and extremely knowledgeable. It almost feels like you're eating on the kitchen counter in your own home. A bohemian setting, with plates and cutlery that are mixed and matched. The seating arrangement is a little tight and there's usually not enough space to sit during lunch. If that's the case, be prepared to stand or take it to go.
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,8/14/2009,73,61,10,9,8>I don't know why I don't come to this place more often. It is SO worth the ordeal of driving all the way out to the beach and finding a parking spot, which is usually the reason I avoid the beach. The Abbey is a little oasis, seemingly immune and invisible to the tacky, unbearable SoBe crowd. Not a bedazzled Ed Hardy shirt or pair of Bono glasses in sight. The music is always loud enough to enjoy (and you will because it never, ever sucks) but doesn't mean you'll wake up the next morning hoarse from trying to have a conversation. The beer selection is fantastic and super reasonable.The place is tiny and usually slammed on the weekends. I hate crowds, so much that a trip to Target gives me panic attacks, but The Abbey just gives me the warm-fuzzies the way no other place can. It's not the beer talking, I swear.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2009,8/13/2009,38,36,2,5,4>I'm a bit shocked that Primo only has 4 reviews on Yelp so far considering that they won New Times Best Pizza Joint last year.  Most people I know, when asked, "what's the best pizza on South Beach?" will instantly reply "Pizza Rustica."  However if you have had a slice from Primo before you are likely to hesitate a response to this question.  Primo is a new kid on the block as far as pizza goes but they certainly give some serious competition.Primo's location is unassuming and a easy to miss.  They are on 1st Street, between Collins & Ocean.  A real no frills pizza stand as far as the appearance... but that's not what matters anyway, right?  I give Primo FIVE stars because of their service, quality & price.  Take out or delivery.... whole pies or by the slice... it is always consistently great New York style pizza.  I have no complaints.  We can only hope that they maintain their quality & service without raising prices.  If they can manage that, we may have a new long time king of pizza in South Beach.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,8/12/2009,68,25,7,11,7>Victory!I have found GOOD NY-style brick oven pizza that delivers, not only to my office, but I will venture to say, to my home as well!Again, the true test of any pizza place, order the plain cheese pizza! It was sooooooo cheesy, everyone at the office thought I had ordered it with extra cheese! The sauce to cheese ratio was just right, and the flavor was spot on.  I'm not a fan of sweet tomato sauce on pizza, or the other extreme where they go really heavy handed on the salt.  This was perfect.  If I had to give some constructive criticism, I'd say go smidge thinner on the crust, but in all honesty, the dough was great too.  Not fluffy like bread.  I hate when they do that.Timely delivery.  Really friendly staff, meaning the delivery person and the person that took my order.  GREAT price! A large pie for $9.99, and they throw in a free 2 liter of soda.  The large was HUGE, so I'm curious to see what the XL looks like.Hurray for good pizza!
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,8/11/2009,223,290,13,10,10>*BIG FRIDAY "Blue Smoke" BURGER - 8oz. Sirloin Beef Patty w/ Gorgonzola Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Lettuce & Tomato.Rolled out of bed (and I do mean rolled out of bed), and my first thoughts were = it's friday/ whisk burger/ damnit who's calling me. After doing a quick errand, I went en route to Whisk. After getting flipped off on the expressway for no good reason, I reach Bird Rd and after a few blocks, call whisk and make my order to go. Not a fool, I know it's gonna be packed. I get it, walk out the door, get in my car, go to a gas station to get an arizona 99 cent drink, and take my burger to the nearest incognito spot around, a park. I pull in and park in the shade and like a secret affair, have at it with little regard to dining mores. First two bites were good, but nothing amazing. And then came the gorgonzola cheese and that just opened up every single flavor in the burger. Amazing. I, also especially like their in-house chips, but I wonder if they'd ever try mixing that in with sweet potato chips... Also, they have like, 7 parking spots... for about 5 businesses in the plaza. I'll leave it at that. Still worth the wait. Best burger in miami.
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,8/10/2009,1489,1675,5,11,8>Had this place bookmarked to give it a try after Arleen C. review. Went last night, from the minute we walked in the small quaint little restaurant, we felt very comfortable. Our waitress "Simone" came over to take our drink order. I must say she gave some of the best service I have had in a long time without going to a five star restaurant. She was very nice to give reccomendations, always smiling, very funny and friendly.One star taken away because they were out of "Guacamole". Simone was embarassed by it and said laughingly "we should just close down" because hubby was giving her a hard time about it.So she suggested the "Cheese Queso Dip" for an appetizer. We were delighted, as it was very good, with warm tortilla's on the side.Dinner: Steak Taco's and Chicken Fajitas $14 each. The portions are not huge, they are actually perfect in size. When they first come out, you think wow, it's so small like Rosa Mexicano but once you start digging in, you realize it is very filling and a good amount of food. Both dishes were very tasty, the sauces were good, tomatillo sauce was my favorite. The side of beans did not like at all. They were like red kidney beans. Oh Margarita's were $5.75 not bad and they were good.Bottom line the food is upscale mexican, good, nice cozy atmosphere, and the best was the impeccable service. She was so good it makes you want to come back. At the end of our meal, I mentioned to her that we came here because of a fellow yelper's review. My husband told her she was famous......She just laughed and was very appreciative to Arleen and said to tell her thank-you!!Nice place that I would go back and visit....:)
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2008,8/9/2009,101,102,6,7,3>I love this place because its the only high class joint in south beach where you can casually stroll in and not get stopped by a grease-haired midget with a velvet rope and list in hand. Granted the drinks are expensive and Yes, the blue door serves average to 'blah' food but the atmosphere is exactly what you'd expect from south beach. Phillipe Starck designed such a cool place full of classic furniture mixed with a some tim burton-esque flair. it compliments all the beautiful people in it. It even makes the ugly people look better just by being there. The music engulfs the entire area with smooth and organically soulful house music. With a classic smooth R&B tune here and there.  The drinks, again, are expensive but they are done quite well. Ask the guys by the pool to make you a mudslide..mmm, mmm good! Props to Ian Schrager for continuing the idealism of studio 54 without its' barbaric velvet rope.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,3/26/2012,504,281,6,10,11>It's like hanging out at the hippest Cuban grandma's house on the block. Granny Yiya has got it going on for realz y'all; if the gorgeous art mural on the outside wall of the chick with a nice booty drinkin' some yummy cafe con leche isn't enough to convince you of that, just take a step inside and let them woo you with their amazing food, sleek decor and charming staff.Let's start off with the cortadito, a little steaming cup of heaven made with just the right amount of coffee and *evaporated* milk. Yum! They even serve it in cute little coffee cups with faces on them a la the Gumby cups in the cupboard that used to get in to all sorts of shenanigans. If you are looking for just a small snack to have with your coffee, I would heartily recommend the cheese croquettas or the cheese pastelito, it compliments the coffee perfectly.Now, if you want to invest yourself in a full meal I would say that you can't go wrong with a soup and sandwich combo. The pan con bistec is one of the best I have had in a long time with perfectly seasoned and tender meat, bread that is crispy but not hard and topped off with just the right amount of potato stix and tomatoes. Their breakfast sandwich special is really good too, I would recommend getting it on the Cuban bread rather than the croissant. Mind you, this is coming from a croissant lover but there is something special about their Cuban bread. All this is topped off by the warm welcoming vibe brought to you by Yiya and her family who personally come by to ensure your satisfaction. They really make the customer feel like a part of their family, momentarily welcomed in to their kitchen and home just like at a Cuban mother's or granny's.Oh, they also have daily specials that aren't on the menu. Today I saw someone enjoying a carne con papas that looked ahhhhmazing. Next time I'll be calling ahead to see what special will be available that day because from what I understand they run out early.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,3/25/2012,350,676,11,12,12>Amazing little gem in this strip mall. Gou Lou Cheong is a tiny little hole in the wall located on one end of this shopping plaza right next to a jewelry store. As soon as you walk in, you're greeted with dead animals and tiny elderly Asian ladies with messy aprons and butcher knives. It's amazing. This place can get pretty packed and it's already as small as it can be. There is one table if you want to sit and eat. Because of that, I would just refer to this place as a takeout only. It's simple really. You look at the meats they have, you get in line, and you place your order. They have roasted duck, roast pork, spare ribs, soy chicken, etc. You can order them by the pound or you can just get them on rice. Meat and rice is pretty much God's gift to Asians. And for no more than $7! The roast duck is amazing. It's an entire roasted duckling (even the head) with chinese spices (most likely five spice). The skin is so crisp while the meat is just incredibly moist and juicy (also kind of fatty....that's a good thing). When you take this duck home, you're actually speeding up cause the aroma fills your car and you need that stuff in you right away.The roast pork is also a thing of wonder. First of all, they hang the entire pig and you feel kind of bad until they start chopping it up, and then you refuse to leave without getting some. The skin is so crispy (it's basically chicharron attached to the meat). The meat is juicy but eat it quick, cause pork does tend to dry if left uneaten (wasn't a problem for me). Service is alright. They're not the friendliest folks, but hey, they could give me the evil eye or make me do some dumb line ritual (a la Soup Nazi from Seinfeld) and I wouldn't stop coming back. This place is incredible. Stop reading this review and go get some meat....NOW.
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,3/24/2012,250,256,9,13,14>Echelon is a small salon in the office building on the corner of Lincoln & Washington. Small only in size, because it's big in style.Only two stylists work here - Cindy and Danny. Both have been at Echelon forever and are truly passionate about what they do. I've been going to Cindy for about seven years now and have never been disappointed. Her work with color is phenomenal - so much so that I have gotten compliments from strangers on elevators, in grocery stores, and even on a cruise. She's a perfectionist with her work in every way.Price points are more than reasonable and Cindy and Danny just make you feel right at home from the moment you walk in the door. There is no pretentiousness, only warm welcomes and smiles. These two are full of personality to boot, so it's always a blast hanging out with them.Bottom Line: I don't trust anyone else to cut and color my hair!
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,3/23/2012,471,255,16,10,12>Oh GiGi...you make me a fatass on a regular basis...but I still love you.What can I say that hasn't been said? Buns? Duck Fried Rice? Pad Thai pasta extravaganza? nom nom nom nom nom...GG: "How about some Prosseco with that order?" Me: "yes please"GG: "..and some dessert?"Me: " I don't usually eat sweets but your desserts are delectable"GG: "we know"this conversation only happens in my head, but it might as well be real. You know what's another one of my favorite things? How can your service be so phenomenal when it's 3 in the morning? I usually have to make exceptions but you don't even allow me to do so...oh you, you know you....yes you, GiGi. So why are you lacking a star you may ask???"BECAUSE I CAN'T GET OVER THE FACT THAT YOU CHARGE FOR WATER!"
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,3/22/2012,22,189,5,6,7>I don't know if it's because their menu is seasonal, or because you make bad choices, like those shoes you're wearing and that eye shadow color... or because half of the one/two star reviews are just plain ignorant, but, this is, by far, in my top 3 for dining choices in Miami. I had walked past this place a couple of times while it was still under construction on our way to Sugarcane, I knew I wanted to try it, but it wasn't until I was encouraged by a fellow yelper for a goodbye dinner that we decided to make it a night.Sustain is not pretentious, the decor is simple, elegant and modern, much like their food. They offer a seasonal menu, which can get some of us to cry if our favorite dish suddenly disappears, but don't fret, I'm sure they'll have more delicious things to try. The staff is very friendly, every single waiter had a giant smile on their face, and their kindness and warmth was a shocking change. The manager even came up to us and greeted us, asked us how our meal was and even chatted for a bit. I had a lovely date with fellow yelper Stephanie G., We began our meal with the Calabaza (squash or pumpkin, depending on which spanish-speaking country you're from) soup. When I read the menu, I thought it was odd they put candied pecans in the soup but it works incredibly well. We had a few beers, I had the Sawtooth ale which was smooth and not-hoppy. I'm sure I'll steal more info on the beers from her and edit my review later...Next came the piece de resistance... We were torn between the bone marrow gravy Wet Fries and the Foie Gras Toast, which we finally settled on, and I'm glad we did. It was served on seared toast with vanilla pineapple. It looked simple enough and seemed like something we just had to try. The flavors and textures were so complex and worked wonderfully, The foie melted in your mouth as the toast provided a crunch and pineapple added sweetness. The only bad-ish thing I have to say about this, is that I wish the portion was bigger because it's going to be a dish you will NOT want to share!Next we had Antelope, a very filet-mignon like cut and taste of meat, it is cooked medium-rare and it's very tender, served with chickpeas.For Dessert Stephanie had the "S'more-nut" as I like to call it. It's pretty much a donut topped with marshmallow and chocolate with chocolate ice cream on the side. I wasn't a big fan but only because I don't like cinnamon, it wasn't dunked in the stuff, but she seemed to really enjoy it. I however, wasn't satisfied with the taste of cinnamon in my mouth so Steph treated me to the gravy fries, "You can't leave Miami and keep wondering what they taste like..." she told me. It was the best decision of the night. I slurped those suckers down like if they were pasta. It was soooooo goooood, we licked our fingers, our forks, and almost licked the plate. The server told us he'd never seen someone order the Wet Fries after dessert and we had a laugh over it. I love this place, It's going right up there with Scarpetta, Michy's, Le Bouchon, and Michael's Genuine.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,3/21/2012,127,159,7,8,7>If you're ever craving some southern comfort food Yardbird is the place to be. Check it out:Chicken Biscuits: yum yum yum. one of the top things i triedFried Green Tomato BLT: Best item of the night. Party in my mouth.Meatloaf Sandwich: this ranks up there with the chicken biscuits. All kinds of tasty goodnessHeavenly Desserts:Cookies: Yardbird can make your dreams come true when it comes cookies; chocolate chip, oatmeal, you name it and they were fabulous.Smores on a stick: interesting and quite tastyMini-Carrot Cake: bite size carrot cakes, perfect
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,3/20/2012,944,946,15,19,16>I was sad to see American Noodle Bar go, but now that Blue Collar has opened up shop in its place, it's all good in the hood. This place specializes in meat-and-potato-type classics, but fancied up a few notches.  The chalkboard features the "rib," "parm," and "braise" of the day, alongside a list of veggies that will make even carnivores swoon. Make sure you ask them if you see your desired veg is crossed out - they had both of the veggies that were crossed off when I stopped in, but were out of 2 others.The space is small - about 10 tables inside with a few more outside, so if you come during a particularly busy time, there's probably going to be a wait. The service is very pleasant, and I was happily greeted by the chef, Danny, at my table, which I thought was a great personal touch.I was there for lunch, where the menu features a nice selection of apps, salads, and sandwiches, I opted for the grouper po' boy (I was torn between that and the "big ole ragout" sandwich, which sounds like an awesome pot roast on a roll, and which I'll likely order next time), served with fresh-cut fries, and a side of the caramelized Brussels sprouts. Everything was awesome! Portions were huge, so go hungry (or share with a friend)!There are some reserved parking spots on the north side of Biscayne Inn - look for the Blue Collar signs. Prices are moderate, but based on my first experience, totally worth it.I'm already looking forward to my next visit to Blue Collar. The latkes on the dinner menu are already calling my name!
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2011,3/19/2012,68,72,7,10,8>What??!! BFF I can't believe you have no reviews, and here I am wanting to kiss the chef. Dare I write a review, summon the masses and threaten our love affair?Best Friends Restaurant is new and located where Luna Cafe used to be connected to a garage and office plaza. I'm not sure what's up with this name, but to me, it's weird and doesn't sound inviting or like the food would be delicious. FOOD: I cannot speak for anything else, so take my review with a grain of salt if you will, but that freaking Gustoso Burger blows my mind (see picture). I expected the burger to be good maybe, but not that I would have to come back a couple weeks later to get another one? The 1/2 lb patty is thick and if it's not made on site, it darn sure seems like it. It's about half the size of my fist, filled with herbs and spice you can see, and stuffed *please pause for this*......bacon and blue cheese. My good Lord, sweet Jesus. You bite into the burger and thick chunks of bacon and cheese greet you in the middle and provide you many blessings. I don't know what else to say. This burger gives me daydream fantasies when I'm hungry for a burger fix. It reminds me of a couple of burgers I've had in the past at higher priced steak restaurants. And so you can feel a little less guilty, there's also a turkey patty option, whole wheat buns ( thick, grainy, and branded with BF on the top), regular fries or these delicious Pesto Parmesan fries (don't even get me started, just get 'em). If I was not a girl, and could have my way with food without gaining a pound, I would eat this burger twice a week until I got sick of it, give myself a break, and then start that fat girl plan all over again. When I ordered takeout, I also got a little chocolate bundt cake that came with caramel and some other kind of red sauce on the inside of it. I drove home, ate my burger and fries slowly, waited, and then opened my little cake and it WAS STILL WARM, moist, soft and delicious. Wow. AMBIANCE: The ambiance in the place is really chill and comfy. The lighting is low, not quite bar, but not brightly lit restaurant either.  There's a small bar area to the right with at least one flat screen TV (turned to Sports Center that night) and they have a huge floor to ceiling chalk board with all the daily drink and happy hour specials such as the So and So pizza with whatever kind of alcoholic drink. The pricing seemed really good. To the left are the dining tables, and because of the lighting it gives the restaurant a more intimate feel. Behind that is an outdoor patio area which I find extremely confusing because there is a children's play area there? Um, it doesn't seem like restaurant that caters to small children, but the play area looks huge.  It seemed like this area would be better suited for small intimate tables with romantic lighting. There are a couple of intimate seating areas in front of the restaurant surrounded by plants that seems pretty cool to the left and right of the door. CROWD: Both times I went, during a weekday early evening, the place was empty, when I dined in last night there were maybe 4-5 tables with people and we went about 9pm and closed the place down. So it's pretty low key right now, and if you are on a date or with a big crowd you'd be seated immediately. SERVICE: The service for dine-in could have been better. I had good company so I wasn't too focused on it, but it took forever to place our orders and I didn't get a refill until I was done with my food. There was only one server doing everything though and he's really nice, so no serious complaints from me. He just needed to check on our table more. PARKING: Make sure you park at the garage that is NORTH of the restaurant. It's free on weekends and evenings and it says free for restaurant patrons period, so I guess other times you have to get your ticket validated. Sorry, I can't review anything else, I took someone else here with me, and we both gushed and drooled over our Gustoso burgers the entire time like it was the last supper. They have a wood-fire stove so next time I'll try to order a pizza or something which seems to be the main attraction on the menu. We didn't order any appetizers either because I didn't want anything to interfere with my love of the Gustoso. Plus, they give you these little fresh bread squares before the meal with butter. I didn't eat any, but heard they were delicious. This is definitely one of my new chill spots.
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,3/18/2012,210,101,9,10,10>As a California native who is used to seeing a donut shop in every strip mall, I was on a mission to find a donut shop that WASN'T a Dunkin Donuts or a Krispy Kreme here in Miami.  That's when I stumbled across reviews about Mandarin Gourmet Donut Shoppe and decided to pay a visit.The shop is pretty small and the display of treats was small as well.  By the time I arrived at the shop, it was 1pm and most of the donut displays were empty, but the lady said that she can go in the back and prepare the donuts that I'm interested in purchasing.  She gave me a little menu so I can see the different types of flavors they had.  I chose a dozen of the following:- Gourmet Glaze- Chocolate Dip- Chocolate Sprinkles Dip- Hazelnut Dip- Vanilla Gourmet Custard- Dark Chocolate Custard- Caramelized Apple Pie Filling- FlanThe donut dough is a little on the heavy side, almost breadlike, but they were absolutely delicious!  The Flan donut was my favorite and the Caramelized Apple Pie filling came in second.   The total for the dozen and two Triple Chocolate Chip cookies was under $20, which I thought was a pretty good deal!  I would definitely visit this shop again for my next donut fix!
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,3/17/2012,423,372,23,22,19>My morning after glow is still shining after a Saturday night spent with The Russian Turkish Baths. Think of The RTB as the burly man-spa for the budget-conscience-spa-goer. For the extremely affordable price of $35 (just went up $5), I spent the whole night soaking, steaming, drying out, and of course, dumping ice-cold-water-buckets over my head. The spa is completely coed, so you do have to don a swimsuit, and believe me, at times, you are happy for that. My roomie and I wanted to really utilize all the rooms and take our time being worked over by the man-beast that is the RTB. The salt water jacuzzi was our first encounter and has a giant faucet that shoots out pounding water to massage your shoulders (make sure your swimsuit is tied tightly!). At first, I felt a bit violated (by this and other treatments), but then I grew to love being roughed up by RTB. After the jacuzzi, I went steam, cold shower to aromatherapy steam, to what?? I'm supposed to dump this ice cold water bucket on myself?!? After what seamed to be the longest 1,2,3, I successfully dumped the frigid water all over myself and successfully screeched uncontrollably, which amused the regulars. The more frigid buckets I dumped, the smaller my screeches became. Some of the steam and sauna rooms were equipped with these ice cold water buckets or showers as well. Another highlight was the Swedish-Hydrotherapy-hose-whatever. It's a fireman's hose that you can adjust the temp and pressure and hose your friend down for a surprisingly fun rub down. Definitely hit the RTB up when you need a one night stand to get roughed up and worked over. He'll wear you down, but it's worth every punishing treatment you can stand.
